CNN  -- Former Crown Prince Philippe was sworn in as king of Belgium on Sunday after his father abdicated the throne an hour before . Albert II of Belgium gave up his throne over concerns about his advanced age . "  I have noticed how my age and my health have not permitted me to exercise my duties the way I would like to , " the 79-year-old said in an address to the nation . King Philippe , 53 , was educated in public schools in Belgium 's two major languages , Flemish and French , and later attended the royal military academy , where he trained to be a fighter pilot . Belgium , which is home to the European Union capital of Brussels , has also gained a queen in Mathilde , Philippe 's wife . She is the daughter of a count and countess and graduated with a degree in speech therapy . Albert 's abdication follows that of the Netherlands ' Queen Beatrice earlier this year and that of Pope Benedict XVI at the Vatican . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso has praised Albert for the move . "  I wish to express to him my sincere thanks for his tireless efforts in the service of Belgium and Europe , " Barroso said in a statement . Throughout his 20-year reign , Albert "  has never ceased to be a staunch defender of the values that are the basis of the European construction , " Barroso said . The Belgian royal family has had less luck promoting cohesion within its own country , which is culturally split between ethnic Flemish Dutch people in the north , ethnic French people in the south and a small group of ethnic Germans in the east . Separatist ideas have sprouted particularly in the Flemish region , which has a stronger economy . Opinion : Why Queen Elizabeth wo n't step down CNN 's Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	King Philippe is sworn in as king of Belgium on Sunday in Brussels His father , Albert II , stepped down an hour earlier Belgium also gained a queen , Philippe 's wife Mathilde
CNN  -- Dallas Cowboys nose tackle Josh Brent was released from jail on $ 500,000 bond Sunday -- around the time his team pulled off an emotional , last-second win -- after his arrest in the fiery weekend car crash that killed his teammate . Brent was arrested on suspicion of intoxication manslaughter after a Mercedes he was driving flipped and caught fire early Saturday in Irving , Texas , the Dallas suburb where the Cowboys are based . He was out of the Irving City jail by 4:45 p.m.  5:45 p.m. ET  , said a source at the jail who identified himself only by the last name McBride . Police said Brent 's car was traveling at high speed when it hit a curb , and officers on the scene "  believed alcohol was a contributing factor in the crash . " In an arrest affidavit released Sunday , police reported that Brent was pulling his teammate , Jerry Brown Jr. , from the wrecked vehicle when officers reached the scene of the crash . He refused a blood test , but police were able to take a sample from him because the case involved a fatality , the affidavit states . The car traveled about 900 feet after hitting the curb , said police spokesman John Argumaniz . The 25-year-old Brown , an outside linebacker on the Dallas practice squad , was pronounced dead at a nearby hospital . Cowboys players were told of Brown 's death on their flight east Saturday for a game against the Cincinnati Bengals , said head coach Jason Garrett . They talked more extensively about the situation during meetings that night . "  My memory is of a big strapping guy with a bright smile on his face , bright eyes , bounce in his step every time I saw him , " Garrett said . "  Twenty-five years old , he 's no longer with us . And that 's hard for everybody to handle . " Despite their heavy hearts , the Cowboys rallied Sunday from nine points down in the game 's final minutes to beat the Bengals 20-19 on a last-second Dan Bailey field goal . Emotional players and coaches could be seen hugging afterward , with defensive lineman Jason Hatcher holding up Brown 's No. 53 jersey . "  I think there was a feeling of numbness out on the field today , but somehow  the players  focused ... and we figured out a way to win , " said Garrett , who added that he talked with Brown 's mother after the game . "  I thought we honored him as well as he could be honored . " Brent , 24 , is in his third season with the Cowboys . He appeared for arraignment Sunday morning and did not enter a plea during the brief hearing , according to a detention officer who requested anonymity because she was not authorized to talk to news outlets . The charge he faces is a second-degree felony that carries a potential two - to 20-year prison sentence with a maximum $ 10,000 fine . In a statement issued through his agent Saturday night , Brent said he was "  devastated " over the accident and "  filled with grief for the loss of my close friend and team mate , Jerry Brown . " "  I am also grief-stricken for his family , friends and all who were blessed enough to have known him . I will live with this horrific and tragic loss every day for the rest of my life , " the statement said . Brent pleaded guilty to a DUI charge in 2009 , according to court records in Champaign , Illinois , where he played football with Brown at the University of Illinois . He received a 60-day sentence , a fine and 200 hours of community service . CNN 's Lateef Mungin , Chandler Friedman and Greg Botelho reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jason Durand contributed to this report .	NEW : Josh Brent is released Sunday from Irving City jail , a source at the jail says Brent , 24 , was driving when his car flipped and caught fire early Saturday , police say His teammate Jerry Brown , a passenger , was pronounced dead at a hospital The Cowboys win on a last-second score despite their "  numbness , " head coach says
CNN  -- Twenty-five years ago , nearly to the day , I arrived at Oxford University with my wife of six months to become the first rabbi in residence in decades . I had just turned 22 . My mandate was simple : Deepen Jewish identity among the Jewish students and cultivate values-based leadership among the students at large . What I never expected to be my mission , but what eventually became central to everything I did , was defending Israel against ferocious and unjust assault . I quickly discovered that universities in general , and elite universities in particular , are breeding grounds for anti-Israel bias . We beat back many attempts over 11 years to slander Israel as an expansionist , neo-colonialist power and succeeded in portraying the true nature of the Middle East 's only democracy . We hosted six Israeli prime ministers and countless other eloquent defenders of the Jewish state . But since I returned to the United States , the situation among academics has only become worse . Just after Pink Floyd 's Roger Waters compared Israel to Nazi Germany , we have the American Studies Association , comprising about 5,000 academics , voting to boycott Israeli academic institutions . The group is refusing all collaborations with universities , although not individual scholars . The reason , members say , is Israel 's human rights abuses against Palestinians and the occupation . Opposing view : Boycott a sting to Israeli apartheid The ASA has not boycotted any other country in a similar way . Not , say , China , which regularly jails political dissidents for lengthy sentences and commits them to near-slave labor without any judicial process . Liu Xiaobo , who won the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize , is serving an 11-year sentence on fraudulent subversion charges . His wife , Liu Xia , has been held incommunicado under house arrest for three years even though she has never been charged . So why would Israel , a thriving liberal democracy that guarantees the right of due process to all of its citizens , including minorities , be singled out ? If you argue that the reason is Israel 's "  occupation " of Arab lands , the American Studies Association is surely aware of China 's brutal occupation of Tibet since 1950 . China faces no existential threat . It does not have terrorists blowing up schools and buses and does not have a neighbor building a nuclear bomb threatening to annihilate it . Israel , by contrast , has all of these things . Israel has been under the threat of extermination by its Arab neighbors for six decades , has lost countless citizens to terrorism and has a nuclear-inclined Iran threatening to wipe it off the map . Surely a group of scholars would understand the unique security situation facing a nation that has suffered a genocide of 6 million people just 70 years ago . So why Israel ? According to an article in the New York Post , ASA President Curtis Marez said that his group singled out Israel , knowing that many of Israel 's neighbors have worse human rights abuses , because "  one has to start somewhere . " At Oxford , I had the privilege of hosting and debating some of the world 's leading intellectuals . Never before have I read a more inane quote from a man claiming to be a scholar . That 's your reason ? One has to start somewhere and that somewhere just happens to be , yet again , the Jews ? If it 's a matter of choosing a place to start , you could draw straws or perhaps throw dice or pull names from a hat . So , a group of academics just decided it was time to boycott some country and decided , arbitrarily , that Israel was as good as any ? This is n't even a case of anti-Semitism so much as buffoonery , not a case of prejudice so much as stupidity . Let 's state the real facts . Israel is the Middle East 's only democracy , guaranteeing a free press and the right to worship , as well as the rights of women and homosexuals . Although the Arab nations that surround Israel commit unspeakable human rights violations every day , Israel struggles under existential threat to balance its security needs with the freedoms it cherishes . The 1995 interim agreement says , "  Israel and -LSB- the Palestinians -RSB- will ensure that their respective educational systems contribute to the peace between the Israeli and Palestinian peoples . " Yet Palestinian schools teach hatred of Israel . A U.S. government report finds that 84 % of the references to Israelis in Palestinian textbooks are negative . Palestinian universities promote extremism . In 2007 , the Washington Institute reported in an article called "  Teaching Terror " that university campuses are full of Hamas propaganda . Israel has roadblocks and builds fences solely because it got tired of seeing its citizens blown to smithereens . Calling for an academic boycott of Israel for the steps it takes to defend itself is akin to calling for an academic boycott of Britain and the United States during World War II . And , mind you , Israel has never even come close to indiscriminately bombing civilian population centers the way the allies did in that war . Israel takes great care to protect the lives of innocent civilians even as it fights genocidal terror organizations Hamas and Hezbollah . We Americans who cherish freedom , democracy and liberty should be ashamed that a group of our nation 's "  scholars " have so viciously maligned a most humane nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shmuley Boteach .	American Studies Association voted to boycott Israeli academic institutions Shmuley Boteach : With all the nations that are extreme human rights violators , why Israel ? He says Israel is a thriving democracy that guarantees the right of due process to all Boteach : Americans should be ashamed that "  scholars " have maligned a humane nation
Washington  CNN  -- About a dozen demonstrators used metal poles , wire cables , and rappelling gear to hoist a large banner high in the air within sight of the U.S. Capitol Wednesday . It called for a tax on billionaires to help pay for funding to fight AIDS . Police arrested nine people , all charged with taking part in an illegal demonstration , U.S. Capitol Police Lt. . Kimberly Schneider told CNN . The rally was organized by a group called Housing Works , which describes itself as "  a healing community of people living with and affected by HIV/AIDS . " Opinion : Save lives , end the HIV stigma In a statement sent to CNN timed with the demonstration , the group said it was protesting "  the federal ban on funding syringe exchange programs and the dearth of funds for HIV/AIDS treatments , while Wall Street continues to make exorbitant profits and the war on women 's reproductive rights still wages on . " At least two women were among those detained by police . Fire department personnel responding to the scene near the Capitol Reflecting Pool at first seemed puzzled about how to take down the poles , which had been fashioned into tripod supports at least 20 feet high . They were lashed together and spaced apart , and supported two protestors who held lines that suspended their banner . Emergency equipment on hand included a rubber rescue boat , extension ladders and stretchers , but it was a team with large bolt cutters that moved in first . As a fireman snapped one cable , one of the demonstrators suspended from the structure shouted for them to stop . "  That 's going to hurt someone , " he told authorities . "  We know what we 're doing . " He explained that to cut another cable would cause both structures to collapse , sending both people tumbling to the ground . The demonstrators then agreed to come down on their own , using their rappelling gear to slowly descend . Once free of the apparatus , U.S. Capitol police placed them in plastic handcuffs and loaded them into detention vans . Gay , bisexual black men at high risk for HIV	Demonstrators erect a banner near the Capitol Reflecting Pool They want a tax on billionaires to raise money to fight HIV/AIDS Taking down the structure they erected takes cooperation
Miami  CNN  -- Amid a report she has defected , the daughter of Cuba 's vice president has been living with relatives in Tampa , Florida , for nearly two weeks , an individual close to her told CNN on Tuesday . Glenda Murillo , daughter of Vice President Marino Murillo , was on her way Tuesday to visit her boyfriend in Hialeah , Florida , and could not be reached for comment , the individual close to her said by telephone . Asked by CNN to confirm a published report that Murillo had defected , the individual responded , "  You already know that . " Murillo defected this month , reported El Nuevo Herald in Miami , citing sources . According to the newspaper , Glenda Murillo crossed the Mexico border at Laredo , Texas , and was paroled as provided for by a policy that allows Cubans who set foot on U.S. land to stay . The younger Murillo never received a U.S. visa to visit relatives or study in the United States , according to El Nuevo Herald . Marino Murillo , 51 , is vice president of the Council of Ministers and a member of the Cuban State Council . In 2011 , he was put in charge of implementing economic reforms . Murillo told reporters in March that his country 's political system is "  sustainable " and that it will not change . Asked late Tuesday to comment , a U.S. State Department spokesperson said , "  U.S. laws on confidentiality do not permit me to disclose the specifics about individual visa and parole cases , or requests for asylum . " Pope calls for greater freedoms in Cuba as he ends two-country tour CNN 's Adriana Hauser contributed to this report .	Daughter of Cuban vice president reported to be living in U.S. Glenda Murillo has been staying with relatives in Tampa , Florida Her father is in charge of economic reforms
From a sheep ranch in Western Australia comes the oldest slice of Earth we know . Scientists say they have dated an ancient crystal called a zircon to about 4.4 billion years , making it the earliest confirmed piece of the planet 's crust . The findings -- the first to describe the zircon -- were published in the journal Nature Geoscience on Sunday . "  This is the oldest and the best dated of all the crystals that have been reported , " said John Valley , lead study author and professor in the Department of Geoscience at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . This crystal is a translucent red , Valley said , but glows blue when bombarded with electrons . At 400 micrometers long , its biggest dimension is just a tad larger than a house dust mite , or about four human hairs . The crystal was found in an arid region north of Perth , Australia , in a low range of hills called the Jack Hills , in 2001 . Scientists say the crystal 's chemistry -- specifically , the ratio of oxygen isotopes within it -- suggests that the temperatures on Earth 4.4 billion years ago would have supported liquid water , and therefore perhaps life . Two isotopes of an element are considered different if they contain different numbers of neutrons . "  What we 've learned is that the Earth cooled much more quickly that people had thought , " Valley said . "  The surface formed a crust much more quickly than people thought . " A brief history of Earth Our planet is thought to be about 4.5 billion years old , but the oldest fossils are about 3.5 billion years old . That does n't necessarily mean that no life existed before that time , but no direct evidence has been found yet . The first rocks that have been found deposited by water are about 3.8 billion years old , Valley said . But very little is known about the first 600 million years or so of the planet 's history , known as the "  Hadean Eon " because it was thought to be "  hell-like , " Valley said . The leading theory is that Earth was bombarded by meteors in its early history . It took a big hit from an object the size of Mars about 4.5 billion years ago , leading to the formation of the moon . These impacts vaporized the Earth 's crust and formed a super-hot magma ocean . Evidence including this zircon suggests that within the first 100 million to 200 million years of its existence , our planet cooled enough to make crust . Steam from the atmosphere condensed to make oceans . "  Once you know that there were oceans , it 's very reasonable that there would have been life that early " -- even when it was only 200 million years old , Valley said . How they did the study Valley and colleagues reported on a different crystal from early Earth in 2001 from the same Jack Hills area . But there had been an open question regarding that crystal and others about how to determine the age . The standard method of dating such rocks involves looking at the radioactive decay of uranium atoms to lead . But if the lead has moved within the crystal over time , this could lead to a faulty estimate of age . If lead has migrated away from the area of the rock being tested , that could make the rock appear younger than it is , or older if lead has concentrated itself . In this new study , researchers used a technique called atom-probe tomography , which allows scientists to image single atoms of lead and determine the isotope ratio . Scientists found that clumps of lead atoms had formed 1 billion years after the zircon crystallized . These clusters are tiny , about 5 to 10 nanometers in diameter . All that means that the lead atoms had n't moved enough to thwart scientist 's existing methods of determining the crystal 's age , Valley said . They determined that age to be 4.4 billion years old . "  Although incredibly laborious , their analytical technique can be applied to not only additional terrestrial zircons but also to zircons from meteorites and lunar samples , to perhaps tease out a detailed thermal history of magmatism and impacts , " Samuel Bowring , professor of geology at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , wrote in an accompanying article in Nature Geoscience . Meanwhile , on Mars Earth and Mars formed around the same time in the solar system . Just as scientists are analyzing the chemical composition of rocks on Earth to learn about our planet 's history , NASA 's Curiosity rover is doing the same on Mars . But one can only do so much via robot . NASA is planning a 2020 rover mission that may be able to collect samples for later delivery to Earth . There , we may find even more extraordinary gems -- red or otherwise .	Earth is about 4.5 billion years old The oldest piece was found in 2001 in Australia Earth could have had oceans very early in its history
CNN  -- The Boston Marathon , which had been run since 1897 , was rocked Monday by two explosions at the finish line . Here are a few facts , by the numbers , about the 2013 race , according to the Boston Athletic Association : -- In all , 26,839 runners and wheelchair racers registered . Of them , 15,233 are men , and 11,606 are women . -- There are participants from 56 U.S. states and territories . -- Seventy-four countries of residence and 96 countries of citizenship are represented .	Boston Marathon has been run since 1897 In all , 26,839 runners and wheelchair racers registered There are participants from 56 U.S. states and territories
Australia has raised its terror alert level to "  high " for the first time since the national alert system was introduced in 2003 . According to the four-level system , a reading of "  high " means a terrorist attack "  is likely , " however the country 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott said no specific threat had been made . "  This does not mean a terror attack is imminent , we have no specific intelligence of particular plots . What we do have is intelligence that there are people with the intent and capability to mount attacks , " Abbott said at a press conference in Canberra on Friday . What does "  high " mean ? Australia introduced its alert system in 2003 , with four levels of risk : low , medium , high and extreme . It 's been at "  medium " since the system began , and is defined as meaning a "  terrorist attack could occur . " The elevation to "  high " would not make much difference to daily life for most people , the prime minister said . "  What people would probably notice though is more security at airports , more security at ports , more security at military bases , more security at government buildings and more security at large public events , " he said . Why now ? The decision to raise the level was foreshadowed by the departing director-general of the Australian Security Intelligence Organization  ASIO  earlier this week . David Irvine said the threat level had been building in Australia over the last year , due to the increasing influence of jihadists fighting for Islamic extremists ISIS in the Middle East who had recruited Australians to fight . "  They are of concern because , if they come home , they come home with training and with potentially increased intent , " he told the ABC . Officials believe there are at least 60 Australians fighting with terror group ISIS , and as many as 100 "  facilitators " still in the country . A number of arrest warrants have been issued for suspected terrorists fighting abroad , and police have swooped on a number of suspects in Australia , most recently arresting two men in Brisbane for allegedly recruiting and funding fighters sent to Syria . Alert levels elsewhere Australia 's higher alert level follows an increase in the United Kingdom , which raised its level from "  substantial " to "  severe " in late August . Again , authorities said there was no intelligence to suggest an attack was imminent . However , hundreds of British citizens are believed to have joined jihadists abroad . Notably , a hooded man with a British accent appeared to be the executioner of U.S. journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff on videos released by ISIS . The U.S. replaced its color-coded warning system with the National Terrorism Advisory System  NTAS  in 2011 . NTAS alerts are only issued if there 's "  credible information about a threat . " And , alerts are classified as either "  elevated " or "  imminent . " France abandoned its color-coded alerts earlier this year , and instead now relies on a two-level "  Vigipirate " system . When more vigilance is needed , the triangle logo is displayed in public places . If there 's specific intelligence of an attack , the logo carries the words "  alerte attentat " or "  attack alert . " MAP : Where is ISIS in Iraq ? MAP : Where do jihadis come from ?	Australia increases terror alert level for first time in 11 years The new rating of "  high " means a terrorist attack "  is likely " However , PM says no specific threat has been made
CNN Student News  -- May 10 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Washington Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  A popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong . Bi Fujian , who works for state-run China Central Television , was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party 's early years when he started going off script . "  The Communist Party , Chairman Mao . Do n't mention that old son of a b *** h . He made us suffer so bad , " went Bi 's improvised lyrics . The other dinner guests burst into laughter . Bi later apologized . "  My personal speech has led to grave social consequences , and I feel remorseful for that . I hereby sincerely apologize to the public . As a public figure , I shall learn the lesson from this incident , adhering to strict self-discipline , " he posted on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like social media platform . Making disrespectful references to China 's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China , even today . And Bi 's comment was directed at the man regarded by many as the country 's founding father -- despite his controversial reputation . The 75-second video clip , seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest , was uploaded on Monday . Since then , it has been removed from video-sharing sites inside China , although it was still accessible on Weibo . It 's unclear when the incident occurred , or what the relationsip was between the camera person and Bi . CCTV said it would investigate . "  As a CCTV presenter , Bi Fujian 's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences , " the network said in a statement posted on its Weibo account . CCTV did not respond to a CNN request for comment . Fondly known as "  Grandpa Bi , " the 56-year-old TV personality was born and grew up in the Mao era . The song Bi riffed on was part of a "  red " Peking opera that was first performed in the late 1950s . It was popularized during the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s -- which was launched by Mao -- when China was torn apart by violence and social unrest . The video quickly divided China 's online community . Critics said Bi , as an influential public figure , deserved a harsh punishment . But others rushed to his defense , arguing that Bi was simply enjoying himself in a private setting and was set up by whoever uploaded the clip . The video also emerged just a day before the new head of CCTV started his job , leading some to wonder if it were a case of "  a new broom sweeps clean . " Mao still divides opinion in China . His giant portrait hangs on Beijing 's Tiananmen Gate , and thousands flock to see his embalmed body at his mausoleum in Tiananmen Square in the heart of the Chinese capital . But despite this reverence , Mao 's is a deeply flawed legacy . Many remember him as a brutal dictator who inspired fear , paranoia and famine , and whose actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths . CNN 's Shen Lu contributed to this report .	Bi apologizes on social media : "  My personal speech has led to grave social consequences " Chinese TV star filmed cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong Making disrespectful references to China 's leaders in public is still taboo
Madrid  CNN  -- Huge traffic jams snarled central Madrid Thursday , as Spain 's first general strike in more than a year kicked off with nine people slightly injured in demonstrations , including police officers , the Interior Ministry said . Interior Ministry official Cristina Diaz said 58 people had been detained . The cause was not immediately clear . Dozens of union members picketed outside the Agriculture Ministry before dawn , with dozens of riot police on hand . Picketers heckled and momentarily blocked a car trying to get into the ministry . Spanish unions are protesting the new conservative government 's labor reforms and austerity cuts . The general strike is the first one against the government of Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy , which was elected in November and took office in December , in the midst of Spain 's deep economic crisis . Spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 % overall , and nearly 50 % for youth . Nearly 5.3 million Spaniards are out of work . The Socialist-leaning General Workers Union  UGT  said there was a "  massive following " of the strike nationwide , with auto factories , ports , post offices and garbage collection all stopped by the industrial action . The union also said wholesale food markets and large distribution centers for the big supermarket chains were disrupted . The Interior Ministry said public transport was operating almost normally in Madrid and Barcelona , but in Madrid 's Plaza Castilla , commuters said they waited up to two hours for public transport . Some bus services which normally run every five minutes had service only every 30 minutes , according to a municipal bus employee who declined to give his name . Madrid 's traffic jams lasted beyond the normal rush hour , an indication that commuters who could not get public transport decided to drive in . The last general strike , in September 2010 , was against the then-Socialist government , which also had initiated austerity measures . That strike slowed industry and transport , but much of the country went to work and many analysts saw it as a kind of a draw between the government and unions . Since then , the economic crisis has deepened . Union protests across the nation this month and last drew large crowds , which analysts say emboldened the unions to move ahead with a general strike . The government says the latest labor reforms are needed to bring flexibility to the workplace and to simplify the rules for employers . But unions say the effect will be to make it easier and cheaper to fire workers . The unions ' strike theme is : "  They want to end labor and social rights and finish off everything . " At the MercaMadrid wholesale fish market , one of the largest in Europe , seafood wholesaler Alfonso Mozos , who employs 120 people , said before the union action that he does n't think striking is good . "  It would be better if unions , the government and employers would negotiate and find a solution , " he said . Union picketers were expected at the entrance to the sprawling market on Madrid 's south side , but some employees said they planned to work despite the strike . "  If the boss buys fish and we need to come , we 'll come , " said Pedro Marin , a worker at the wholesale market . "  But if the union pickets outside wo n't let us in , we 'll just have to wait , or maybe go home . " Many other Spaniards , who have already seen their salaries cut or frozen in the economic crisis , were debating whether to strike . If they walk out , they will lose a day 's wage , which for government workers could amount to several hundred dollars . Ahead of the strike , unions and government officials in many , but not all , of Spain 's 17 regions agreed on minimum services , which generally call for about 30 % of public transportation to run , while public hospitals and other essential services have reduced staff , similar to holiday levels . The unions planned 80 demonstrations across the country Thursday , mostly in the late afternoon or early evening . The strike comes one day before the government unveils its 2012 budget on Friday , with the aim of reducing Spain 's deficit to 5.3 % of gross domestic product this year , and to 3 % next year , to meet European Union requirements . The government already approved a $ 20 billion  15 billion euro  package of austerity cuts and tax hikes to reduce the deficit , and on Friday it is expected to announce a second package of the same size or larger . Government critics say it will be the first time the government really shows its hand on where to make deep cuts in specific programs and agencies . Rajoy , at a recent European Union summit , was reported by Spanish media to be overheard on an open microphone telling another EU leader that the labor reforms would cost him a general strike . The reforms were approved first as a decree law , with immediate effect , and the unions called on the government to make amendments as the bill moved through parliament . But the conservatives have a commanding majority in parliament and later approved the reforms unchanged . The government says the labor reforms make up only a portion of the elements needed to spur an economic recovery . It predicts a 1.7 % decline in the economy this year . The government also has demanded reforms in the banking sector , with the aim of getting credit flowing again and to clean up the books of lenders stuck with huge uncollectible debts left over from Spain 's real estate and construction boom that went bust , precipitating the economic crisis .	NEW : Post offices , ports , auto factories and garbage collection all stop , a union says Traffic jams snarl central Madrid as people drive instead of taking public transport The unions are protesting government budget cuts to reduce the deficit Spain has an unemployment rate of 23 %
Editor 's note : This review may contain spoilers . EW.com  -- You could sit through a year 's worth of Hollywood comedies and still not see anything that 's genuinely knock-your-socks-off audacious . But "  This Is the End "  opening today  truly is . It 's the wildest screen comedy in a long time , and also the smartest , the most fearlessly inspired , and the snort-out-loud funniest . The movie opens with Seth Rogen at an airport , where a passerby says , " Hey , Seth Rogen , what up , man ? " So you immediately know that he 's going to be playing a version of himself . In fact , everyone in the film is playing a version of him-or herself . Rogen picks up his buddy Jay Baruchel  who 's less of a star than anyone here -- a running gag  , and after getting stoned , they head to a party at James Franco 's house . Everyone from Jonah Hill to Emma Watson is there , and what transpires looks so much like what you 'd expect a party with hip young actors and comedians to look like that it 's as if we 'd wandered into the ultimate episode of Entourage . The jockeying of movie-star egos , the drugs and sex  Michael Cera is the group 's libertine nerd  , Rogen and Franco brainstorming a sequel to Pineapple Express -- it 's all cheekily plausible . Then Rogen and Baruchel venture out to a convenience store to feed their munchies , and they hear a crack , and blue light pours down from the heavens . It 's not just an earthquake -- it 's the Rapture . The world is coming to an end ! The two hustle back to the party , where most of the guests flee  or try to  , and before long there are only five of them left in that house : Rogen , Baruchel , Franco , Hill , and Craig Robinson . For a moment , I feared that "  This Is the End " might be a stunt that wears out its welcome in 10 minutes . But Rogen , who co-wrote and codirected the film with Evan Goldberg , does something incredibly sly . The movie does n't play the end of days for laughs . It 's an honest-to-God metaphysical disaster movie , a fusion of "  Earthquake , " "  2012 , " "  Night of the Living Dead , " and "  The Exorcist . " With the apocalypse played straight , the comedy can take off from it in a way that 's all the more explosive , as it was in the fantastic "  Shaun of the Dead . " Sinkholes are sucking people into infernos , but inside Franco 's house , the movie-star self-absorption gets raised to an insane new pitch of competitive backbiting . The interplay is so fast and obscene that you feel like you 're eavesdropping on the sorts of things comedians say to each other when they 're off camera . Then Danny McBride shows up , tossing insults like cherry bombs , and the hilarity just grows more scandalous . "  This Is the End " pushes the envelope -- a severed head becomes a soccer ball , and Franco and McBride turn a fight about masturbation into a confessional laugh riot . Yet through it all , the movie is wonderfully deadpan about the " reality " it 's showing us . Is Jonah Hill really a narcissist who wears his nice-guy facade like the diamond stud in his ear ? Is Rogen really a guilty sellout ? "  This Is the End " has great fun tweaking their public images , even as it 's truly asking : Do people like this deserve to go to heaven or hell ? The answer will crack you up and lift you up high . Grade : A See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A cast of stars appear in "  This is The End " The film was co-written by one of its stars , Seth Rogen Critic says the film pushes the envelope to get laughs
CNN  -- Justin Bieber was in serious damage control mode Sunday after a video of him telling a racist joke to friends surfaced . In the video , posted to TMZ.com , the pop star , then 15 , asks : "  Why are black people afraid of chain saws ? " He answers his own question : "  Run n ***** , n ***** , n ***** , n ***** , " he says , imitating the sound of a chain saw . Then he laughs . TMZ reported it got the video four years ago but decided against posting it then because of Bieber 's age and because he "  immediately told his friends what he did was stupid . " It was reportedly shot backstage at a promotional event . "  As a young man , I did n't understand the power of certain words and how they can hurt . I thought it was OK to repeat hurtful words and jokes , but did n't realize at the time that it was n't funny and that in fact my actions were continuing the ignorance , " Bieber , now 20 , said in a statement . He added : "  I take my friendships with people of all cultures very seriously and I apologize for offending or hurting anyone with my childish and inexcusable mistake . I was a kid then and I am a man now who knows my responsibility to the world and to not make that mistake again . " The video is the latest in a string of troubles for the star , who shot to fame as a fresh-faced teen . There was a DUI arrest in Miami , an assault charge in Toronto and a felony vandalism probe in Los Angeles . Also , the Federal Aviation Administration is investigating allegations that Bieber and other passengers aboard a charter flight from Canada to New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport interfered with the flight crew . None of the criminal charges that Bieber faces appear to threaten his freedom . Probation sentences , fines , community service and counseling are routinely given in such cases . Opinion : Bieber , do n't argue with the lawyers CNN 's Ed Payne and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	TMZ posts video of 15-year-old Justin Bieber telling a racist joke Now 20 , he says he 's sorry for the "  childish and inexcusable mistake " Bieber : "  I was a kid then and I am a man now who knows my responsibility to the world "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military called radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr 's order to suspend his Mehdi Army militia for the next six months "  encouraging . " A Mehdi Army member holds a rocket launcher and the Quran during a parade in Baghdad in 2006 . In a statement issued Saturday , the military said al-Sadr 's order would enable the U.S.-led coalition and Iraqi security forces to "  intensify their focus on al Qaeda in Iraq ... without distraction from -LSB- Mehdi Army -RSB- attacks . " Al-Sadr 's suspension -- which one of his senior aides said would be a period for restructuring -- comes after nearly 60 people were killed and scores were injured during recent street fighting between armed Shiite factions in Karbala and Baghdad . "  Muqtada al-Sadr 's declaration holds the potential to reduce criminal activity and help reunite Iraqis separated by ethno-sectarian violence and fear , " the U.S. military said . The cleric , who emerged as a popular grass-roots Shiite leader after the U.S. toppled Saddam Hussein , has been staunchly opposed to the U.S. occupation . The U.S. military has tangled with his forces in Baghdad 's Sadr City and in southern Iraq and , through the years , his political clout across Iraq 's Shiite heartland has grown . The military believes rogue members of al-Sadr 's group have smuggled weaponry and received training from Iran . An end to Mehdi Army "  would also be an important step in helping Iraqi authorities focus greater attention on achieving the political and economic solutions necessary for progress and less on dealing with criminal activity , sectarian violence , kidnappings , assassinations , and attacks on Iraqi and coalition forces , " the military said . Al-Sadr has openly opposed violent actions before , and last week he called for calm and urged his followers not to attack rivals ' offices . But observers think that many Mehdi Army fighters are breakaway forces who are more radical than al-Sadr himself . Iraq 's government hopes the Mehdi Army 's hiatus will spur similar moves by other armed groups . "  This initiative is an encouraging step toward consolidating security and stability throughout the country and an opportunity for the suspension of the work of the rest of the militias in various political and ideological affiliations to preserve the unity , independence and sovereignty of Iraq , " Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's office said Thursday . The number of Iraqi civilians killed in violence across the country rose in August for the third consecutive month , the Iraqi Interior Ministry told CNN Friday . But the number of Iraqi soldiers and police officers killed dropped in August from last month 's totals . Using figures collected from Iraqi Interior , Defense and Health ministries ' records , the Interior Ministry said 1,773 civilians were killed in August , up from 1,653 in July . In June the number had dipped to 1,227 from May 's 1,949 . Twenty-one Iraqi soldiers were killed in August , compared with 79 in July and 31 in June . Sixty-six police officers were killed , down from 145 in July and 190 in June . U.S. troop deaths in August matched July 's number of 79 , the lowest toll since November 2006 . According to CNN daily counts , the number of unidentified bodies recovered in Baghdad also dropped in August , to 428 from 612 in July and 563 in June . Those deaths would be part of the overall civilian death figures supplied to CNN by the Interior Ministry . The number of people described as insurgents who died in August was 472 ; up from 428 in July and 416 in June . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Pentagon calls Shiite cleric 's decision "  encouraging " Military can focus on al Qaeda in Iraq , statement says Iraq government hopes other militias follow al-Sadr 's lead Iraqi civilian deaths rise for third consecutive month
A Louisiana man who spent 15 years on death row for a murder he did not commit was released Friday from prison in an exoneration brought about by the Innocence Project . "  It 's been a long journey , " Damon A. Thibodeaux , 38 , said during a news conference with his lawyers . "  It 's people like y' all who give people like us a chance . " Thibodeaux , who was convicted after falsely confessing to having raped and murdered his 14-year-old step-cousin , said he hopes law enforcement will learn from his case . "  Make sure you have the right person before you start a process of executing someone , " he said . "  Because it costs a lot of money to go back and look at all of these cases again . If it 's done right the first time , you should n't have to do that . " Thibodeaux described as "  surreal " his walk earlier in the day out of Louisiana State Penitentiary . "  It 's not something you can prepare yourself for , because you 've been living in those conditions for so long . " Asked how he felt , Thibodeaux did not hesitate . "  Free , " he said . "  I feel free . I feel free . " Former inmate exonerated in rape case joins pro football team Initially , he said , he felt like giving up , but resisted the temptation . "  The minute you give up completely is the minute you die , " he said . "  Period . " Thibodeaux said that he was looking forward to "  peace and quiet ... just concentrating on putting my life back together and moving forward . " His court-ordered release came after DNA and other evidence exonerated him . Jefferson Parish District Attorney Paul Connick Jr. agreed with Thibodeaux 's lawyers that he had confessed to something he did not do . Connick "  joined the Innocence Project and Thibodeaux 's other counsel in agreeing to overturn Thibodeaux 's conviction and death sentence after his confession to police was determined to be false , " the district attorney said in a statement . "  This is a damn good day at the office , " said Denise LeBoeuf , director of the ACLU Capital Punishment Project , who has represented Thibodeaux since 1998 . The case points to the need to abolish the death penalty , she said . "  It does n't make us safer ; it makes the pain of murder worse ; and if we ca n't figure out how to have a death penalty that does n't put innocent men on death row and innocent women on death row across the country , then we do n't deserve to have it . It is a human rights violation . We need to end it now . " Thibodeaux was convicted of killing his relative , Crystal Champagne , whose body was found on July 20 , 1996 , a day after she left her apartment to go to a nearby supermarket . More than 2,000 wrongfully convicted people exonerated in 23 years , researchers say He was among a number of people who were interviewed by police . After some nine hours of interrogation , "  he provided an apparent confession to raping and murdering the victim , " the ACLU said in a news release . Primarily on that basis , Thibodeaux was convicted and sentenced to death in October 1997 , it said . A decade later , his legal team gave evidence to the district attorney of Thibodeaux 's innocence and an investigation -- which wound up involving hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of DNA testing , forensic evidence and interviews -- got under way . "  The probe confirmed that Thibodeaux 's confession was false in every significant aspect , " the ACLU said . Since 2000 , six people have been released from Louisiana 's death row after being exonerated ; in that time , three people have been executed , it said . "  What we were doing was searching for the truth , " said Barry Scheck , co-director of the Innocence Project , which is affiliated with New York 's Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law . "  We hope that justice is done and we find the person who really committed the crime . " He said Thibodeaux was the 300th person exonerated through DNA testing . Asked what might have led Thibodeaux to confess , Scheck said , "  That is something that we 're studying and is part of the lessons to be learned here . That 's not one of the things that I think is probably appropriate for us to discuss at the moment . " The case points to the need for police to videotape interrogations , according to Scheck . Had that been done in this case , "  we would n't be sitting here today , " Scheck said . "  It 's a simple thing to do and it 's sweeping the country . " Exonerated inmate , 52 , wins professional boxing debut	"  It 's been a long journey , " says Damon A. Thibodeaux He was sentenced to death in 1997 for the rape and murder of his 14-year-old step-cousin "  This is a damn good day at the office , " his lawyer says
CNN  -- A lawyer for San Diego Mayor Bob Filner criticized the city for not providing sexual harassment training to the mayor , saying its failure to do so violated the law . In a letter to the city attorney , Harvey Berger wrote that Filner might never have been sued for sexual harassment had he been properly trained . "  If there is any liability at all , the city will almost certainly be liable for ` failing to prevent harassment , ' " Berger wrote in a letter dated Monday and obtained Wednesday by CNN from City Attorney Jan Goldsmith . Secrets that women of San Diego no longer keep about its mayor An intent of Berger 's letter was to urge the city to pay Filner 's legal fees associated with a sexual harassment filed against him by his former spokeswoman , Irene McCormack Jackson . The city is named as a co-defendant in that lawsuit . On Tuesday , the City Council voted 9-0 to deny the mayor 's request for taxpayers to pay his legal fees , according to Matt Awbrey , spokesman for council member Kevin Faulconer . Filner never received sexual harassment training while serving in Congress from 1993 to December 2012 , Berger wrote . He was set to get such training -- which is required within six months of one 's start date -- after becoming mayor , but the trainer canceled the session and never rescheduled , according to the lawyer . San Diego wo n't pay for mayor 's defense "  There is very , very good reason for mandatory sexual harassment training , " Berger said . "  If nothing else , it makes people think about the subject and how they interact with fellow employees . " While the mayor has admitted unspecified inappropriate behavior in the past , he denies the allegations against him by Jackson . "  This is not a request for the city to agree to pay any verdict ; it is simply a request for defense against unverified claims being brought against the mayor -- claims which are denied , " Berger said . San Diego mayor sued , called unfit for office Jackson is n't alone . Seven other women have said they were subjected to "  crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching -- including groping and kissing -- by Filner . Many of the alleged incidents of which he 's being accused took place during his five terms in a U.S. representative , before he was elected mayor last year . Berger contended that those alleged incidents took place so long ago that the accusers likely would n't be allowed to testify as part of Jackson 's lawsuit or in their own lawsuits . Nonetheless , the wave of accusations has put tremendous pressure on Filner . His chief of staff quit , the Democratic Party of San Diego voted to call for his resignation and even his fiancee left his side . Earlier this month , Filner admitted "  I need help , " adding , "  I 'm clearly doing something wrong . " The 70-year-old later announced he would take a two-week hiatus for "  intensive counseling . " Amid calls for resignation , embattled mayor to enter clinic Still , he has fought Jackson 's lawsuit and for the city to pay his legal fees . The City Council believes San Diego should n't be part of the Jackson lawsuit in the first place because it had no role in the mayor 's behavior and because of the city 's zero-tolerance policy against sexual harassment . In fact , the council decided Tuesday to file suit against Filner and seek from paying any damages should Jackson win her lawsuit . "  Bob Filner ca n't pay back San Diegans for the damage he 's done to our city 's reputation , but he can and should repay the city if there are any taxpayer costs as a result of this lawsuit , " Faulconer said in a statement . Opinion : No room for lecherous mayors	San Diego Mayor Bob Filner 's lawyer writes to city attorney about city paying legal fees He says Filner never got sexual harassment training as mayor , congressman Filner is being sued by a former spokeswoman for sexual harassment The mayor 's lawyer says the city would be liable if the ex-spokeswoman wins
Lake Geneva , Wisconsin  CNN  -- For years , Jennifer Cervantes struggled to make ends meet . She worked 30 hours a week at Wal-Mart , but her paycheck -- along with child support and disability payments -- never seemed to cover living expenses for her and her five kids . Despite her best efforts , she kept falling further behind . "  Paying the rent , electric and gas -- it takes everything I have , " she said . "  I do n't like digging up change ... so I can buy the kids ' food . I needed help somehow , somewhere . " Desperate , Cervantes decided to write a letter to Sal Dimiceli , whose newspaper column might be considered a "  Dear Abby " for the down and out . Within a few weeks , Dimiceli showed up on her doorstep . They talked for a while , and then he offered to pay one month 's rent as well as her outstanding gas and electric bills . He also went to the local grocery store and stocked the family 's empty refrigerator . "  I was shocked , " Cervantes said . "  I feel relieved . The kids are getting tired of macaroni cheese and Ramen soup every night . " It was just another day 's work for Dimiceli , a 60-year-old real estate broker whose weekly column in the Lake Geneva Regional News focuses on people in dire straits . Through his column and his nonprofit , The Time Is Now To Help , Dimiceli has provided about 500 people a year with food , rent , utilities and other necessities . "  I 'm just addicted to helping , " he said . "  I do n't have time to go to the show or golf . ... My fondness in life is helping my fellow Americans . " Dimiceli gets about 20 to 30 letters a week from people in the Lake Geneva area , and he investigates nearly all of them himself . He 'll often visit people 's homes to verify their circumstances . If someone appears to have a drug or alcohol problem , he refers them to other programs . And to make sure people are being honest about their situation , he 'll open their cupboards to see how much food is in the house . "  I do not want to give a hard-earned dollar to someone who is taking advantage , " he said . "  But once I verify that their need is genuine , my heart opens right up . " At that point , Dimiceli springs into action with his unique safety net . He 'll start by meeting immediate needs , perhaps providing a hot meal or moving someone without heat into a warm motel room . Within a day or two , he 'll take care of other basics , like paying overdue rent or turning on utilities . His rapid response is a point of personal pride . "  There 's not any bureaucratic red tape , " he said . "  I want to help people now . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes But Dimiceli does n't stop there . He also goes over each recipient 's budget and finds ways to stabilize their long-term situation -- maybe negotiating lower rent with their landlords , repairing their car or tapping his network of supporters to help find them a job . "  It 's not just a Band-Aid to feed them for that day , " Dimiceli said . "  We get them back on a track  so  that ... their pride is given back to them . They can catch up . " It 's a level of personalized assistance that 's almost hard to believe , but there are countless stories of Dimiceli 's good works throughout Wisconsin and Illinois . The vast majority of people he helps are never even mentioned in his column . For nearly a year , Val and Al Hyner had been unemployed , using their savings to pay for a small motel room . With almost no money left , Val pawned her jewelry , including her wedding ring . Dimiceli showed up and helped the couple with gas cards and rent . And when he heard about Val 's sacrifice , he dipped into his own pocket and made arrangements to get the ring back . "  Those that are in dire need , they 'll sell all their personal belongings to survive , " he said . "  I want to give them their self-esteem back . ... They need to hang onto parts of their life , and sentimental things are very important . " Such stories have become commonplace during the hard economic times of the past few years , and Dimiceli has been flooded with requests for help , even as his real estate business has taken a huge hit . He still gives away at least 20 % of his income -- he estimates that he has given away a few million dollars of his own money over the years -- but in the last decade he has begun to rely more on donations to his nonprofit , which he started in 1989 . He has also built a strong network of supporters to help him , along with his wife and four children . "  The movement has grown , " he said . "  As fellow Americans , we 're all together , helping each other . That 's what it 's all about . " Dimiceli is passionate about helping others because he knows what it 's like to be poor . Born on the West Side of Chicago to a beautician and a tool-and-die maker , he said his family struggled because of his father 's gambling habit . "  We moved like gypsies , being evicted a lot , " he said . "  I know how it feels to watch your mother cry when the electricity is turned off and you have no food . ... It was hard . " When Dimiceli was 12 , he got a job as a dishwasher so he could help out at home . Grateful , he promised God that if he ever became successful , he 'd always help others in need . He has spent nearly all of his adult life making good on that vow . After he first found success as a rock concert promoter in the 1970s , Dimiceli began to give money to various charities . But when he realized that much of their money was spent on overhead , he decided he could do a better job himself and started helping people on his own around the Chicago area . He eventually started his nonprofit , vowing that every penny would go to help others . Dimiceli 's philanthropy has gone through various phases . In the 1990s , he took an entire community in Illinois under his wing . But for the last decade or so , he has concentrated most of his work in the Wisconsin area where he now lives . Eight years ago , he was approached by a neighbor who knew about his work and asked him to write a column in the local paper . He agreed do it anonymously , adopting a pen name , W.C. , to stand for With Christ . In recent years , he was persuaded to reveal his identity so that people would be encouraged to donate to his foundation . His column has become so popular that it now appears in a number of area papers . Dimiceli says that when he sees a pile of new letters , he gets anxious thinking about all of the people who need his help . He 'll often work late into the night doing "  marathons of helping " that leave him physically and emotionally exhausted . But every morning , he ca n't wait to start again . "  When people are in need , they often feel alone , " he said . "  I want them to know someone cares about them . I want to  say  : ` Come on , I have a little extra strength I want to share with you . Let 's get you back on your feet . ' " Want to get involved ? Check out The Time Is Now To Help website at www.timeisnowtohelp.org .	For years , Sal Dimiceli has been personally helping people get back on their feet Many of those people have written to him through his local newspaper column Dimiceli grew up in poverty and vowed he would do his best to help others in need Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2011 CNN Heroes
In the aftermath of dramatic events like Monday 's bombing attack at the Boston Marathon , it 's a truth of our times that millions of people will get early bits of news via social media . To be sure , sites like Twitter and Facebook were used extensively by police , relief groups and governments to share important information about the bombings . But there 's also a more unfortunate side to how the Web responds to sudden bad news . Sometimes accidentally and sometimes maliciously , false information gets loose . And in the rapid-fire digital echo chamber , it does n't take long to spread . "  On days like this , Twitter shows its best & worst : loads of info at huge speed , but often false & sometimes deliberately so , " said Mark Blank-Settle , of the BBC College of Journalism , in a post on the site . As always , news discovered online  or anywhere else , really  should be double-checked before it 's passed along -- especially in times of tragedy . Here are some of the most widely shared untrue news items we 've found on social media in the past 24 hours . Man planned to propose , girlfriend killed Among the many gripping images to emerge from the bombing 's aftermath was one of a man in a red shirt , kneeling on the ground cradling a woman in his arms . It went viral -- with a heartbreaking , but fake , story attached . "  The man in the red shirt planned to propose to his girlfriend as he crossed the finish line of the Boston Marathon , but she passed away " it reads . "  Most of us will never experience this amount of emotional pain . " The image is , in fact , real . It comes from the Boston Globe and was shared through Getty Images . But the agency 's caption merely describes the scene as a man comforting an injured woman at the finish line . That did n't stop it from making the rounds in a big way . A somewhat misleading Facebook account pretending to represent actor Will Ferrell  it calls itself a "  parody " but has 385,000 likes  shared the post . By Tuesday morning , the picture had more than 448,000 "  likes " and had been shared over 92,000 times . Young girl died at finish line Another heart-wrenching image of a supposed victim went viral . In this one , a young girl running in a road race is pictured , with text saying she died in one of the blasts . As an added cruel twist , the post says she was "  running for the Sandy Hook victims . " But a quick look at the photo shows that her runner 's bib is from the Joe Cassella 5K in Great Falls , Virginia . Also , the Boston Marathon does not allow runners that young . On Google + , one of the users who shared the image followed it with "  poor little girl . . got killed in boston . .  : " By Tuesday , it had more than 500 comments and had become a "  What 's Hot " post on the site -- appearing in the feeds of all users who have n't turned off that feature . On Tuesday , organizers of that race shot down the tale on their Facebook account . "  We would like to clarify that the picture circulating on the web and Twitter of a little girl wearing a Joe Cassella 5K bib claiming to have been killed at the Boston marathon is being used fraudulently , " read the page for the Joe Cassella Foundation . The group raises funds for the families of children who are ill in the Washington area . Race organizers will donate for retweets A Twitter account sprouted up under the handle @_BostonMarathon . Posing as the organizers of the race , whoever is behind the account tweeted : "  For every retweet we receive we will donate $ 1 to the #BostonMarathon victims #PrayForBoston . " By Monday evening , the post had been retweeted more than 50,000 times . It was , of course , fake . And to its credit , Twitter disabled the account soon afterward . It was n't the only Twitter phony . Another widely talked-about account , @Hope4Boston , shared both the image of the 8-year-old girl who supposedly died and a photo of a young boy , running in a race , who was another supposed victim . Eight-year-old Martin Richard was one of three confirmed fatalities as of Tuesday morning . But he was watching the race , not running in it . The "  Hope for Boston " account was created on March 24 , according to the Web tool When Did You Join Twitter ? But account holders are able to change their handles and names on the site . Authorities shut down cell phone service Reports flew around social media , mainly Twitter , on Monday that police in Boston had shut down cellular networks to prevent an attacker from using a cell phone to detonate another explosive . At least one media report quoted an unnamed source with information to that effect , before later recanting . In truth , Boston 's wireless network was simply overwhelmed with the volume of calls and other communications in the aftermath of the attack . Service was slow and spotty , but never shut down . Verizon and other mobile carriers confirmed they 'd never been contacted by officials asking them to shut off service . Soon after the bombings , mobile carriers were beefing up their networks in the Boston area . AT&T made its Wi-Fi system publicly available for free to help take the load off traditional phone lines . Conspiracy theories We almost hate to even address this stuff . We 'll start with a bottom line : Anyone saying they know what happened at this point is making it up . But that did n't stop far-fetched imaginings , often based in political ideology , from flying almost immediately after the attack . One syndicated talk show host  who wo n't be named and whose content wo n't be linked here  tweeted that the attacks "  stink to high heaven " of a so-called "  false flag , " or staged attack . "  False flag " is an old naval term that 's come to be used for a military action that 's not what it appears to be . At least one Web user was ready for this . He registered a website -- bostonmarathonconspiracy.com -- on Monday . Clicking the link reveals a white page with black text reading : "  I bought this domain to keep some conspiracy theory kook from owning it . Please keep the victims of this event and their families in your thoughts . Thank you . "	On social media , untrue stories about the Boston terror attacks have gone viral quickly One photo falsely purported to show a man who had planned to propose to his girlfriend People believed cell phone service was shut down by authorities , but it was n't Tragedy shows "  best and worst " of Twitter , media professional says
Arizona spent two hours killing death row inmate Joseph Wood this week , an unusually long time for an execution . Wood 's death has reopened the debate about capital punishment and lethal injection . Lethal injection is used in all 32 states that have the death penalty . Some witnesses said Wood was gasping for breath and seemed to be in pain . Others said he was simply snoring . The state of Arizona said Wood did n't suffer . Either way , there are renewed concerns that executions , which are supposed to be quick and painless , are neither . Typically executions are performed using three drugs in stages . The first drug is an anesthetic . The second drug is called a paralytic and the third drug is supposed to stop the heart . For years , executioners used a drug called sodium thiopental as the first drug , the anesthetic , until the only U.S. producer of the drug stopped making it . Then the United States turned to European manufacturers , but they refused to sell the drug for use in executions . Since sodium thiopental was taken off the market for executions , states have turned to a drug called midazolam for the anesthetic . But experts believe there have been problems with the drug in at least three executions . The problems described by witnesses included gasping , snorting or choking sounds and , in one execution , the inmate was described as speaking . Wood was injected with midazolam on Wednesday , as well as hydromorphone , a narcotic painkiller that , with an overdose , halts breathing and stops the heart from beating . It is one of the new combinations that states have tried , with some controversial results . What would qualify as a botched execution ? Michael Radelet , a professor of sociology and law , said an execution is botched when it looks like the inmate endured "  prolonged suffering " for 20 minutes or more . Whether they 're "  botched " or not , plenty of executions do n't go by the book . Most of the executions listed here were compiled by Human Rights Watch . Dennis McGuire , executed January 16 , 2014 , in Ohio . Columbus Dispatch reporter Alan Johnson said the execution process took 24 minutes , and that McGuire appeared to be gasping for air for 10 to 13 minutes . He had been injected with midazolam and hydromorphone , a two-drug combination that had n't been used before in the United States . McGuire , 53 , was convicted in 1994 in the rape and murder of a 22-year-old pregnant woman . Clayton Lockett , executed April 29 , 2014 , in Oklahoma . Lockett was injected with midazolam , but instead of becoming unconscious , he twitched , convulsed and spoke . The execution was halted , but Lockett died after 43 minutes . A team that prepared Lockett for execution failed to set a properly functioning IV in his leg , according to preliminary findings of an independent autopsy . Lockett was convicted in the 1999 death of an Oklahoma woman who was buried alive after she was raped and shot . Jose High , executed November 7 , 2001 , in Georgia . This execution illustrates a common problem . The execution team had trouble finding a usable vein and spent 39 minutes looking before finally sticking a needle into High 's hand . A second needle was inserted between his neck and shoulder by a physician . Sixty-nine minutes after the execution began , he was pronounced dead . High was convicted in a 1976 store robbery and the kidnapping and murder of an 11-year-old boy . Claude Jones , executed December 7 , 2000 , in Texas . The execution team spent 30 minutes looking for a suitable vein , a difficult task because of Jones ' history of drug abuse . He was convicted in the 1990 murder of a liquor store owner . Joseph Cannon , executed April 23 , 1998 , in Texas . The needle popped out and Cannon said to witnesses , "  It 's come undone . " The needle was reinserted and 15 minutes later a weeping Cannon made his second final statement . He was convicted of murder . John Wayne Gacy , executed May 10 , 1994 , in Illinois . Lethal chemicals solidified and clogged in the IV tube leading to Gacy 's arm . A new tube was installed and the execution proceeded . Gacy , one of America 's most notorious killers , was convicted in 1980 of raping and killing 33 boys and young men he lured into his home . Charles Walker , executed September 12 , 1990 , in Illinois . The execution was prolonged because a kink in the plastic tubing stopped the flow of chemicals into Walker 's body and an intravenous needle pointed at Walker 's fingers , instead of his heart , said a Missouri State Prison engineer hired to assist in the execution . Walker was convicted of two counts of murder . Raymond Landry , executed December 13 , 1988 , in Texas . The catheter dislodged and flew through the air two minutes after injection of drugs into Landry 's body . The execution team spent 14 minutes inserting it again and Landry was pronounced dead 40 minutes after being strapped to the gurney . He had been convicted of murder .	Prolonged death of Arizona inmate sparks renewed concerns about capital punishment Professor 's definition of a bad execution : "  Prolonged suffering " for 20 minutes or more Lethal chemicals clogged tube leading to John Wayne Gacy 's arm Sometimes execution teams have trouble finding a suitable vein
CNN  -- National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden spoke out against mass government surveillance in a televised address on Wednesday . "  Together we can find a better balance , end mass surveillance and remind the government that if it really wants to know how we feel , asking is always cheaper than spying , " Snowden said in Channel 4 's annual Alternative Christmas Message to British viewers . It follows Queen Elizabeth II 's traditional Christmas broadcast . Channel 4 's alternative address tradition , begun in 1993 , has included addresses from Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , then the Iranian president ; Ali G , a character played by comedian Sacha Baron Cohen ; an injured Afghan war veteran ; and a survivor of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . In 2004 , the cartoon character Marge from "  The Simpsons " gave the greeting . Snowden , a former NSA contractor , is living in asylum in Russia after leaking U.S. surveillance secrets to the news media earlier this year . He is wanted in the United States on espionage charges . In his brief message , Snowden asserted that the types of surveillance imagined in George Orwell 's "  1984 " are "  nothing compared to what we have available today . " "  We have sensors in our pockets that track us everywhere we go . Think about what this means for the privacy of the average person , " he said . "  A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all . " "  The conversation occurring today will determine the amount of trust we can place both in the technology that surrounds us and the government that regulates it , " he said . 5 takeaways from Edward Snowden 's Washington Post interview	NSA leaker Edward Snowden delivers Christmas message on British TV Channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 Snowden : "  A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all "
Perth , Australia  CNN  In the Swan Valley on the outskirts of Perth , a petite , blonde woman opens the front door . Dressed in skinny jeans , a gray t-shirt and black heels , Danica Weeks welcomes us inside her family home . Her warm smile and sparkly green eyes briefly disguise the deep-seated grief and sadness that constantly envelops her . The mother of two young boys ca n't move on . Her life is stuck on March 7 , 2014 , when she kissed her husband Paul goodbye at Perth International Airport . He was heading to Mongolia , where he would begin work as a mechanical engineer at one of the mines . It was a big job with enormous opportunity that could set up his young family . Unable to wear jewelry at the work site , he gave Danica his wedding band saying that if anything was to happen to him , she should give the ring to the first son that marries . Wearing it on a simple chain around her neck , she touches it as she speaks . "  I 'm so glad that happened , that I 've got this for the boys , " she said . "  And for me , because I may never get anything . It may be the only piece of him that I have that is so close to us . " Paul Weeks , 39 , left Perth that day and flew to Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , for his flight on to Beijing . Just after midnight on March 8 , he boarded Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . Weeks had no idea about the plane 's disappearance until she got a call from a news reporter asking if her husband was on board the missing Boeing 777 . "  My life stopped that day , so that 's what I remember . I 'm purely now just existing . People say you 're coping . I would n't call it coping ; it 's existing . " She has yet to tell her eldest son Lincoln , 4 , that his father whom he adored will never come home . She ca n't make sense of it herself . How is a 4-year-old going to understand ? She tells him Daddy is working in Mongolia -- the truth is just too painful . "  You create your own scenarios in your head and you ca n't bear to think that someone -- your best friend , amazing husband , the father of my children -- went through any of that . I do n't want that for him . It 's the not knowing that really destroys you . " The past 12 months have been a roller coaster of emotions for Weeks . Initially she thought the plane had crashed but when no debris appeared she clung on to hope . When the "  pings " were discovered and authorities believed they would find the black boxes within days , she was told to prepare for her husband 's memorial service . When that turned out to be wrong , her heart sank once again . Now there are days when her grief paralyzes her and she ca n't get out of bed . There are other days when she affords herself the small luxury of daydreaming and imagines him walking in the front door . "  When I 'm alone and I think ` what if he comes back ? ' I see our wedding pictures and I think if he was to come back it would be amazing  for me  and for the kids . Jack has grown so much -- he was 11 months when Paul left . We 're coming up to his second birthday . "  We 've gone through all the 12 months of special days and I look at Jack and he 's the spitting image of Paul . He would be blown away by how much he 's grown . He should be here seeing all of that and the reason we do n't know why is so painful . "  I ca n't even explain the pain -- it 's unbearable . " We discuss the current search underway in the southern Indian Ocean more than 1,000 miles from where we are sitting in her home . Weeks looks deflated -- she 's physically , mentally and emotionally exhausted . "  They 're very optimistic about this latest search . I ca n't share in that anymore . I 've thrown my emotions and hopes into so many other searches . It 's too much for me now . I wo n't come back . Half of my soul was on that plane with Paul and now nearly a year on ... I do n't think I will ever find myself again . " Week 's eyes well up with tears as she talks about her husband whom she met at the Munich Beer Festival 15 years ago . Since then , they had been inseparable -- until now . Her greatest fear is if nothing is found in the 60,000 square kilometer priority search area -- due to be completed by May - the authorities will call off the search operation . No country has said this but it does n't stop Danica from thinking it . "  You know , that 's so unfair -- where does that leave us ? We ca n't move on beyond MH370 . They may be able to but they do n't come home to an empty house and 2 young children that should have their father here . They  the Malaysians  are legally and morally committed to bringing them all home and that 's what they should do " . When asked what she 'll be doing on March 8 -- one year since MH370 disappeared and since she last saw Paul -- tears stream down her face . "  Probably crying a lot . I never thought we 'd reach a year and not know . You go through every anniversary , Lincoln 's birthday , Paul 's birthday , Christmas . You think we 'll know by then and it 's a year on . " While her loss and pain is palpable , there is an incredible strength within Weeks . She has to remain strong , she says , for the sake of her boys . "  I will keep searching . I will never stop searching for him . He gave everything to us . He is amazing . I know that if the shoe was on the other foot , he would n't stop looking for me . "  And I will never stop looking for him either . "	Danica Weeks is raising her two young sons without her husband , who was aboard MH370 Paul Weeks was traveling to Mongolia to work in the mining industry The MH370 passenger gave his wife his wedding ring before he left , a keepsake for his sons
CNN  -- Four kidnapped Afghans who worked for a French aid agency have been released , the group said Tuesday . The staffers were abducted Monday in the Almar district of Faryab province in northern Afghanistan , said Adrien Tomarchio , press officer for a Paris-based non-governmental organization called the Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development . Tomarchio told CNN in an e-mail Tuesday that they were freed "  unharmed . " Ahmad Jaweed Bedar , the Faryab governor 's spokesman , said the Taliban kidnapped the four and took their vehicle , a Toyota Hilux Surf . Zeenat Garewal , ACTED country manager , said three of the staffers were community health trainers and one was a driver . ACTED says it has developed programs in many countries to help people affected by wars , natural disasters , economic problems and social crises . It says it has about 900 staffers , of whom 98 % are Afghan nationals . The group has been working in Faryab province for more than nine years and has been engaged in development and community health projects there . In a review of its 2010 work in Afghanistan , the group said five staffers had been abducted during that year but were "  released unharmed . " France has nearly 4,000 troops in the country , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said , and has lost 75 military personnel in the Afghan war . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report	NEW : The four were released unharmed Five staffers from the same group were kidnapped in 2010 but released The incident took place in Faryab province , located in the north
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Even though a Peruvian judge postponed a preliminary hearing for Joran van der Sloot Wednesday , it still was a dramatic day in court for the father of the young woman van der Sloot is accused of killing . Ricardo Flores said Wednesday was the first time he saw the alleged killer of his daughter face to face . "  It was a very tough moment , " he told CNN shortly after leaving a courtroom inside Lima 's Castro Castro prison , noting that it seemed van der Sloot was enjoying many privileges . "  I thought I 'd see someone skinny ... but no , he was fatter than when he first went to prison . " The judge rescheduled the closed-door hearing -- which involves some evidence in the case -- for next Tuesday , because van der Sloot did not have legal representation in the courtroom Wednesday , Flores said . His daughter , Stephany Flores , was found dead in a Lima hotel room registered to van der Sloot in May 2010 . Police say van der Sloot took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to Chile , where he was arrested a few days later . Earlier this month , van der Sloot 's defense attorney , Maximo Altez , resigned , citing unspecified differences in strategy . If van der Sloot does not have an attorney next week , the judge said he would appoint one , Flores said . The 23-year-old van der Sloot was once the prime suspect in the disappearance in Aruba of American Natalee Holloway , who vanished at age 18 while on a graduation trip . He was arrested twice but never charged in connection with her disappearance . Shortly after his 2010 arrest , a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges that he tried to extort $ 250,000 from the Holloway family . Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Natalee Holloway 's remains in exchange for the money , according to the indictment . Peruvian authorities have yet to file formal charges against van der Sloot . Once the discovery phase of the case ends , prosecutors will file charges and a trial date will be set . It could be weeks before the Peruvian trial begins . Ricardo Flores said the family hoped van der Sloot would be charged with robbery and homicide , which would carry a maximum sentence of life in prison . Before his resignation from the case , Altez told In Session his client attacked Flores after she found something on his computer that tied him to Holloway . He gave In Session a copy of a motion he filed asking that van der Sloot face a lesser charge for a crime of passion . "  My client ... admits having murdered the victim , but not with ferocity , for profit or pleasure , nor any of the other element  s  that make up this murder , but only by violent emotion that overtook him at the time he was attacked by the victim , " the motion read . However , Ricardo Flores and Edward Alvarez , an attorney representing the Flores family , argued that a police investigation indicated the last time anyone had searched for information about Holloway on van der Sloot 's computer was the day before Flores ' death -- suggesting the attorney 's explanation that van der Sloot attacked Flores after she read an e-mail on his computer was a lie . "  That hypothesis has already been defeated , " Ricardo Flores said Wednesday . Despite the latest delay in the case , he said he was confident that justice would prevail , and that he would be able to face van der Sloot in court again . "  I am confident that God will give me the strength , " he said . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Ricardo Flores says Wednesday was the first time he saw van der Sloot face-to-face Van der Sloot is suspected in the killing of his daughter in a Peruvian hotel A preliminary hearing has been rescheduled It could be weeks before a trial begins
CNN  -- A deal which would have seen English football club West Ham United move into the London 2012 Olympic Stadium collapsed on Tuesday , casting doubt over the future of the purpose-built venue . The British government announced the stadium , which is located in the Stratford area of east London and has the capacity to hold 80,000 spectators , will be kept in public ownership and rented out to a suitable tenant . "  The government and mayor of London have decided to end the current process to dispose of the Olympic stadium , " read a statement on the Department for Culture , Media and Sport 's website . "  The stadium will now be retained it  sic  as a public asset , and the Olympic Park Legacy Company  OPLC  has been asked to start a new process to secure tenants for the stadium . " The latest development also secures the future of the stadium as an athletics venue , with London bidding to host the 2017 World Athletics Championships . West Ham originally won the right to move into the stadium in February , beating off competition from rival London club Tottenham Hotspur , after their bid received the unanimous backing of the OPLC . But the decision has now been reversed amid concerns that a continued legal challenge from Tottenham could cause delays which would impact negatively on the future of the stadium . Another contributing factor is the time London would need to prepare for hosting the 2017 athletics showpiece , with Qatar also bidding to stage the championships in Doha . "  The government is committed to securing a legacy from the Olympic stadium , and wants to see it re-opening in 2014 , " British sports minister Hugh Robertson said . "  The process to sell the stadium has become bogged down . "  We are acting today to end the legal paralysis that has put that legacy at risk . Ending the current sale process and looking for a leasehold solution will remove the current uncertainty and allows us to help secure the future use of the stadium with more confidence . " Despite the setback , a statement from West Ham vice - chairman Karen Brady insisted the news was positive and the club would be interested in pursuing tenancy of the site . "  We would welcome a move by OPLC and government to end that uncertainty and allow a football and athletics stadium to be in place by 2014 under a new process . "  If the speculation is true , West Ham will look to become a tenant of the stadium while Newham Council will aim to help deliver the legacy . The stadium will be the center of global attention when London becomes the first city to host the Games for a third time next year , with the opening ceremony kicking off proceedings on July 27 , 2012 .	West Ham United 's move to the London 2012 Olympic Stadium has collapsed The stadium will now be retained as a public asset and rented to a tenant West Ham have declared their interest in renting the stadium Tottenham 's continued legal challenge cited as reason for proposed new arrangements
CNN  -- Venezuela expelled Israel 's ambassador to the country Tuesday and accused Israel of attempting to carry out "  genocide " against the Palestinian people . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez called the Israeli army "  cowards . " "  In this tragic and indignant hour , the people of Venezuela manifest their unconditional solidarity with the heroic Palestinian people , share in the sadness that overcomes thousands of families through the loss of their loved ones , and extends to them a hand by affirming that the government of Venezuela will not rest until it sees those responsible for these criminal atrocities severely punished , " the Venezuelan foreign minister said in a statement read by an anchor on state television . The statement added that the government "  condemns strongly the flagrant violations of international law " by Israel and "  denounces their planned utilization of state terrorism . " "  For the above-mentioned reasons , the government of Venezuela has decided to expel the ambassador of Israel and some of the personnel of the Israeli Embassy in Venezuela , " it added . In a news conference broadcast by state-run Venezuelan television , President Hugo Chavez blasted the Israeli military . "  They are cowards , " he said . "  It 's as though a boxing professional were to come here and challenge you to box . Well , how courageous ! How courageous is the Israeli army ! " It said that Chavez "  makes a fraternal call to the Jewish people throughout the world to oppose these criminal policies of the state of Israel that recall the worst pages of the history of the 20th century . "  With the genocide of the Palestinian people , the state of Israel will never be able to offer its people the perspective of a peace that is both necessary and long-lasting . " Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , was unswayed . "  I have n't heard the details yet , but you know the regime in Venezuela has been one of the few countries in the world that gives automatic support to the Iranian extremists , and it does n't surprise me that they have affinity with groups like Hamas and Hezbollah , " he told CNN . He predicted that other countries would not follow suit , even in the Middle East . "  I think , even in the Muslim and Arab countries , there is a fair amount of understanding for what Israel has had to do here , " he said .	Expulsion is in protest of Israeli strike against Palestinians , minister says Venezuelan government statement condemned "  flagrant violations " by Israel President Hugo Chavez calls Israeli army "  cowards " Israeli spokesman says Venezuela has given "  automatic support " to extremists
Demonstrators pack public squares . Flames shoot into the air . Tear gas sends crowds scrambling . Bodies are carried from the streets . Dramatic scenes are unfolding during anti-government protests in three disparate countries this week , on three different continents . The images are striking , and things are heating up quickly . What 's happening on the ground ? Here 's a cheat-sheet guide to the protests in Ukraine , Venezuela and Thailand : UKRAINE What are the protesters ' demands ? Who 's a better economic ally , Europe or Russia ? That 's the key issue at the heart of Ukraine 's protests . Demonstrators want the government to forge closer ties with Europe and turn away from Russia . But the dispute is also about power . Many in the opposition have called for the ouster of President Viktor Yanukovych and the ordering of new elections . And both on the streets and in parliament , they 've also pushed to alter the government 's overall power structure , feeling that too much of it rests with Yanukovych and not enough with parliament . Who 's protesting ? An opposition coalition has been leading the charge against Yanukovych and his allies . On CNN iReport , protesters and onlookers have shared more than 100 photos and videos of clashes between demonstrators and police . The nighttime images are especially striking -- figures are silhouetted against large bonfires set alight in the streets . When did the demonstrations start ? In November , thousands spilled onto the streets after Yanukovych did a U-turn over a trade pact with the European Union that had been years in the making -- with Yanukovych favoring closer relations with Russia instead . What 's the latest ? Long-simmering tensions exploded anew in Ukraine on Tuesday as clashes between police and anti-government protesters left more than 25 people dead and the capital 's central square on fire . A shaky truce agreed to late Wednesday disintegrated by the next morning , as gunfire erupted again in the square . At least 100 people have died and 500 have been injured since Thursday morning , the head of the protesters ' medical service told CNN . The Ukrainian government has not released an updated figure , but the Interior Ministry said earlier that one police officer was among the dead . Foreign ministers from Germany , France and Poland met with Yanukovych on Thursday and are to meet with opposition leaders too . European foreign ministers convened an emergency meeting in Brussels , Belgium , where they are considering sanctions against Ukraine . VENEZUELA What are the protesters ' demands ? Demonstrators are demanding better security , an end to goods shortages and protected freedom of speech . They blame Venezuela 's government , led by President Nicolas Maduro , for those problems . Maduro and other officials blame the opposition for the country 's security and economic problems . Who 's protesting ? Many demonstrators across the country are students . Prominent opposition politicians have also led protests and joined marches . Since February 13 , more than 1,100 images have been uploaded to iReport , CNN 's user-generated platform . Many of the videos and photos are gruesome and depict violent scenes between demonstrators and police . When did the demonstrations start ? Nationwide student protests started this month . On February 12 , the demonstrations drew global attention after three people were killed . What 's the latest ? As throngs of supporters chanted their support , opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez turned himself in to authorities Tuesday . Lopez remained in a military prison Thursday as the government pressed terrorism and murder charges against him , his wife said . Lopez has denied the charges , which are connected with violence during the protests . Maduro , meanwhile , has called members of the opposition fascists and compared them to an infection that needs to be cured . Officials have also accused the United States of plotting to destabilize the government . THAILAND What are the protesters ' demands ? Protesters in Bangkok have been calling for months for the ouster of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , who they allege is a puppet of her billionaire brother , the deposed , exiled former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Who 's protesting ? Opposition to Thaksin and Yingluck is strongest among the urban elites and middle class . That 's why the demonstrations have been concentrated in Bangkok . The protesters want to replace Yingluck 's government with an unelected "  people 's council " to see through electoral and political changes . Thailand residents and visitors have shared dozens of stories of unrest on CNN iReport over the past month . The latest approved photos show demonstrators sleeping in the streets in Bangkok as a form of peaceful protest . When did the demonstrations start ? Protests began in November after Yingluck 's government tried to pass an amnesty bill that would have paved the way for her brother 's return to the political fray . What 's the latest ? Deadly violence erupted in the heart of Bangkok on Tuesday as anti-government protesters clashed with police , and the country 's anti-corruption commission filed charges against the Prime Minister .	In Ukraine , demonstrators demand closer ties with Europe , want President 's ouster In Venezuela , protesters blame the government for shortages , security problems In Thailand , protesters call for the ouster of Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra
CNN  -- There are certain moments of parental pride you know are coming : their first words , first steps , first date . And then there are the ones that blindside you . Like this : The night before the Nelson Mandela memorial service , my 13-year-old son said , "  Dad , I 'm going to wake up at 4 to watch the Mandela memorial . " I was so proud that he was so inspired . He 's an all-star basketball player who mainlines ESPN . Now he wanted to get up in the middle of the night to watch CNN . Great success . And when President Obama spoke for our nation , I was grateful we 'd heard his remarks live . Obama captured President Mandela 's remarkable capacity to awaken activism . Across oceans , across continents , across racial divides , across generations , Mandela sparked what Robert F. Kennedy described to the South African people as "  ripples of hope . " One of those ripples of hope inspired a skinny college kid with a funny name who 'd been more interested in rebounds than revolution . "  Over 30 years ago , " Obama said , "  while still a student , I learned of Nelson Mandela and the struggles taking place in this beautiful land , and it stirred something in me . It woke me up to my responsibilities to others and to myself , and it set me on an improbable journey that finds me here today . " Same here . Unlike our president , I was always interested in politics .  As an athlete , I was small but slow .  But at the University of Texas , something deeper happened . The Black Student Alliance erected shanties on the West Mall . They challenged their fellow Longhorns to take responsibility for UT 's role in apartheid . The university 's endowment , flush with billions of petrodollars , invested in corporations that did business in South Africa . That meant my ridiculously cheap tuition was in some way subsidized by profits from propping up apartheid . I learned names like Biko , Tambo , Sisulu , Tutu and of course , Mandela . Most important , I learned , as the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. taught , that "  injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere , " that we are all tied into "  a seamless garment of destiny . " It was thrilling to be a part , however infinitesimal , of something larger than myself . Even then , with my government on the side of apartheid , I knew we students were on the right side of history . I saved my "  Free Nelson Mandela " t-shirt all these years . This week , I dug it out and showed my sons . I told them about the anti-apartheid movement and how , years later , I joined President Clinton in a White House meeting with Mandela , the prisoner-turned-president . We talked about the confidence that comes from knowing you 're on the right side of history . It is that same confidence that , I believe , was behind Obama 's decision to shake the hand of Cuban leader Raul Castro . Raul 's brother , Fidel , had been a steadfast supporter of Mandela 's African National Congress , even when the United States was on the wrong side of history . And Mandela never forgot a friend . That is not to excuse the horrendous human rights record of the Castro dictatorship . In his oppression , his censorship , his decades-long war on basic democratic rights , Fidel Castro was the anti-Mandela . I believe Obama shook Raul Castro 's hand for the same reason Reagan shook Gorbachev 's or Mandela shook that of F.W. de Klerk , the last president of an apartheid South Africa : because he knows he 's on the right side of history . Years ago , I accompanied Clinton to a meeting of the World Trade Organization in Geneva . Moments before the President was to speak , I peeked out into the audience , gasped and sprinted back to Clinton 's holding room . "  Mr. President , " I said gravely , "  Fidel Castro is on the front row . " No one had told us Castro would be there . Clinton was unflappable . "  Good , " he said . "  Maybe he 'll learn something . " Clinton stood before Castro and the other assembled world leaders and spoke confidently of "  a revolutionary idea : that freedom , freely elected governments , free markets , the free flow of ideas , the free movement of people  are  the surest route to the greatest prosperity for the largest number of people . " I doubt Fidel actually learned much from Clinton 's speech . And I am not naive enough to believe Raul Castro will emulate Mandela simply because Obama shook his hand . But I do believe in the transformative , unpredictable power of sending out a ripple of hope from the right side of history . And I was thrilled that Obama 's ripple of hope bobbed over a sleepy seventh-grader in the predawn darkness , watching the arc of the moral universe bend toward justice . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .	President Obama shook hands with Cuban leader Raul Castro at Mandela 's memorial Paul Begala : Like Reagan shaking Gorbachev 's hands , Obama 's act makes sense He says even a simple handshake can be potent and transformative Begala : It sends out a ripple of hope from the right side of history
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Celebrating the traditional Lantern Festival this week , many Beijing residents spent a lot of money dining out and setting off fireworks to mark the end of the Chinese Lunar New Year . "  For the rich the money they spend is mere peanuts , " says Mei Yana , a migrant from rural Henan province working as a restaurant waitress . Are n't Chinese getting battered with high inflation ? "  That 's the ordinary people 's worry , " she said . The annual "  Blue Book of China 's Society " compiled by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences noted that last year rising prices topped the list of the public 's concerns . The consumer price index , a gauge of inflation , hit 5.1 % last November , despite government pledges to rein it in at just 3 percent . Now hovering around 5 % , CPI may seem manageable , but its food component is around 10 % , with certain items soaring even faster . "  Prices of meat , fish and vegetables have gone way up , " complained Wang Rongfang , a 68-year-old pensioner shopping at the Xinyuanli market in Beijing . Sometimes inflation pinches in disguised ways . In local retail stores visited by a Chongqing Evening News reporter , prices of some instant noodle brands were unchanged , while the weight of their packages fell from 95g to 85g . Some residents make ends meet by scrimping , others with black humor . Jokes circulating on Chinese-language websites offer suggestions on how to save money in inflationary times . "  Tell disgusting jokes to stop your wife from eating , " says one . Another , in citing the soaring prices of meat , goes : "  My son has graduated with a PhD . He is considering whether to work for a software company or the pork business . " But inflation is no joking matter for China 's Communist Party rulers , as soaring costs could trigger social instability . "  The Communist Party came into power in 1949 in part due to hyperinflation after World War II that broke the back of the Chinese economy and the Nationalist regime , " says Patrick Chovanec , associate professor at Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management in Beijing . "  They know they nearly lost power in 1989 in part due to anger over rising inflation that fueled the Tiananmen protests . " The Chinese government has taken measures to curb inflation , from offering more subsidies for farmers to produce more essential goods to imposing price controls on scarce goods and government services . In recent months , China has tapped on the brakes to cool the overheated economy , albeit with limited success . Some analysts say prompt government measures are mitigating risks to avert a repeat of the Tiananmen Square unrest in 1989 , when Beijing witnessed massive street protests that ended in a bloody crackdown on June 4 . "  The current 5 % inflation rate is far below the 20 % in May 1989 , " said Wenfang Tang , a political science professor at the University of Iowa in the United States . "  Prices have been rising continuously in the past several years , so it is not a shock to most people in China . " Still , some economists say the CPI is only one measure of inflation and does not capture the full inflationary pressure in China 's economy today . China 's money supply , they say , has expanded by more than 50 % over the past two years -- the stimulus fueling China 's red-hot growth rates . With such monetary expansion , the question is n't why China is battered by inflation , but why China has n't seen more inflation sooner . One explanation : All the new money printed went mainly into an investment boom , not a consumption boom . State banks lent out new money , which went to bid up the price of land , the price of commodities -- into so-called "  asset inflation . " Asset inflation , experts say , does not feel like inflation . "  When the price of bread doubles , it feels like it 's getting harder to make ends meet , " says Chovanec of Tsinghua . "  When the price of high-end condos doubles , it feels like smart investors are getting rich -- it feels like a boom . " Eventually , the asset inflation spills into the general price level . "  In my view , that 's the real worry in China -- that what we 're seeing in terms of CPI rates could just be the tip of the inflation iceberg , " Chovanec added . By incrementally raising interest rates and reserve requirement ratio for banks , China has slowed down its inflation rate but only modestly . Ultimately , experts say , what China needs to do is tighten its money supply , which is still growing at nearly 20 % yearly .	"  Blue Book of China 's China 's Society " : Rising prices topped public 's concerns last year Inflation is no joking matter for China 's Communist Party rulers Soaring costs could trigger social instability , as history attests
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- He had a name that rang down through generations . Ted Kennedy , far right , with brothers Bobby , center , and Jack in 1948 . It was a gilded name in politics , but Ted Kennedy 's life was an almost impossible kaleidoscope of outstanding public service , astonishing personal failures and the heavy burden of the unfulfilled legacies and promise of three older brothers : Joseph , Jack and Bobby . "  It reminds me , there 's a great quote by Ernest Hemingway , who said , ` Everyone is broken by life , but afterwards , some are stronger in the broken places , ' " presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin said . Ted , the youngest of the Kennedys , became the patriarch of the family at 36 when Bobby -- whose 1968 presidential campaign championed the sick , the poor and the elderly -- was assassinated . "  Those of us who loved him , and who take him to his rest today , pray that what he was to us and what he wished for others will some day come to pass for all the world , " Kennedy said in the eulogy at his brother 's funeral . In the four decades since that day , the Kennedy legacy was Ted Kennedy 's to fulfill , and his to write . Watch more about Kennedy and the end of Camelot " It 's an imperfect story of an often reckless young man who lived hard and as a U.S. senator drove a car off a bridge after a party , killing a young campaign aide . He would never be president . The dream of Camelot -- as Jackie Kennedy once described her husband 's brief presidency -- was over the night Kennedy conceded the primaries to President Jimmy Carter . "  For all those whose cares have been our concern , the work goes on . The cause endures . The hope still lives , and the dream shall never die , " he said in his keynote address at the 1980 Democratic National Convention . So Kennedy returned to the Senate , and over the next 30 years he grew older , wiser and greatly admired . In the Senate was redemption . In the Senate , the dream came alive . In the Senate early in the morning , late at night , Ted Kennedy fought and cut deals for minimum wage increases , health care , education , immigration reform , and help for the poor , the elderly and the sick . "  There are millions of people who counted on this guy every day to stand up for them . And for decades to come , history will talk about his legislative accomplishments and the difference he made in public policy , " said Sen. Chris Dodd , D-Connecticut . Even before Kennedy 's death , colleagues on the right and left mourned his absence in the health care debate . Now they feel it acutely . "  Of all the times to lose Ted Kennedy , this is the toughest time , because we 're just in too many camps , it 's hard to reach across the aisle , and Sen. Kennedy made it easy to reach across the aisle , " said Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina . Eventually , someone will fill the Senate seat of Edward Moore Kennedy , but there 's pretty much universal agreement that nobody -- family or friend -- can take his place . A man has passed , taking with him a time and an era . The Kennedy legacy is written .	Ted Kennedy became the patriarch of the family at age 36 Kennedy had unsuccessful presidential career but found redemption in the Senate Even before his death , colleagues mourned his absence in health care debate
CNN  -- A top U.S. diplomat known for her expertise in genocide arrived in the violence-wracked Central African Republic on Thursday to gauge the growing sectarian unrest there between Christians and Muslims . Samantha Power , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , is leading a delegation to Africa , first visiting the Central African Republic , and then off to Nigeria and Chad . She will be inquiring into whether crimes against humanity have been committed , she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour from the capital , Bangui . "  I do n't think we even yet ... know the full scale of what has happened here in recent days , weeks and months , " she said . "  But I certainly agree that what appear to be crimes against humanity have been committed . " Power cited how both sides of the conflict are responsible for the violence : the Muslim Seleka militias that overthrew the president earlier this year and the rival Christian groups that sprung up in retaliation . "  We met with one 20-year-old woman today who watched her husband get stabbed to death right in front of her , " she said . He was "  then covered with kerosene and then lit on fire -- literally burned to a crisp before her very eyes . " That happened , she said , just last Thursday . Though the situation has calmed somewhat , Power still senses "  palpable fear on the ground and palpable mistrust , " she said . An expert on the issue of U.S. politics and genocide , Power is well-positioned to understand and respond to the outbreak in violence . She authored " ' A Problem from Hell , ' America and the Age of Genocide . " That 2002 book examines the U.S. reactions to genocides . The Central African Republic has seen violence and chaos since the Muslim-backed Seleka militia and other rebel groups from the marginalized northeast seized the capital , Bangui , in March . President Francios Bozize fled to Cameroon , and Michel Djotodia , who had been one of the Seleka leaders , made himself President . The U.S. mission at the United Nations said Power is meeting with government , U.N. , French and other officials "  to assess and support recent efforts of African Union and French forces to protect civilians , stabilize the country and restore humanitarian access . " In Nigeria and Chad , she 'll be meeting with officials "  to discuss cooperation on a range of issues from promoting human rights and good governance to coordinating on regional security . " Nigeria and Chad are joining the U.N. Security Council as nonpermanent members in 2014 . Power 's delegation includes Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Linda Thomas-Greenfield . France has sent 1,600 troops under a U.N. mandate into Central African Republic to assist African troops . The United States , though not contributing troops , is using its airplanes to ferry in troops from across Africa . Former French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner offered an impassioned plea for intervention . "  Were we supposed to let them die ? We were facing an eventual or the beginning of a bloodbath , " he told CNN on Tuesday . "  I agree , " Power said . "  It really could have descended very , very quickly into a bloodbath . " "  One of the reasons that the president asked me to take the trip here is to assess the situation up front , to try to look ahead and see what will be needed , " Power said . It is important , Power added , that "  we walk and chew gum at the same time . " In other words , "  deal with the crisis at hand " but also make sure that if "  it was deemed necessary to bring in a peacekeeping mission , that we be in a position to do that more quickly than otherwise , " she said . A group of independent U.N. human rights experts urged all parties "  to pull back from the brink of all-out war with the terrible consequences that this entails and to establish an immediate truce to enable dialogue and peace talks to begin , " they said in a statement . "  The current shocking violence in the Central African Republic threatens to descend into a full-scale sectarian conflict between Christian and Muslim communities , but it can and must be halted now , " said the special rapporteurs , which are honorary , unpaid positions appointed by the U.N. Human Rights Council . The surge of sectarian violence has been well-documented , and rights activists are urging quick and tough action to stop the violence . War crimes reported Amnesty International said former rebels in the Central African Republic killed almost 1,000 people in a two-day rampage this month . War crimes and crimes against humanity are being committed in the country , Amnesty International said . "  Crimes that have been committed include extrajudicial executions , mutilation of bodies , intentional destruction of religious buildings such as mosques , and the forced displacement of massive numbers of people , " said Christian Mukosa , Amnesty International 's Central Africa expert . Djotodia later officially disbanded the Seleka , but as many as 15,000 kept their arms and instead continued to wreak havoc in Bangui and elsewhere . They mainly targeted Christian communities , which in turn formed their own vigilante group , the anti-balaka  literally "  anti-machete "  . Anti-balaka forces staged an early morning attack in the capital on December 5 , going door to door in some neighborhoods and killing approximately 60 Muslim men , Amnesty International said . De facto government forces , known as ex-Seleka , retaliated against Christians , killing nearly 1,000 men over a two-day period , according to the rights group . A small number of women and children also were killed . In a statement , Amnesty International called for the deployment of a "  robust " U.N. peacekeeping force , with a mandate to protect civilians , and enough resources to do so effectively . "  The continuing violence , the extensive destruction of property , and the forced displacement of the population in Bangui are feeding enormous anger , hostility and mistrust , " said Mukosa . "  There can be no prospect of ending the cycle of violence until the militias are disarmed and there is proper and effective protection for the thousands of civilians at risk in the country . Residential neighborhoods must be made safe as an urgent priority in order to allow people to go back to their homes and resume their normal lives . " Violence in Bossangoa In a separate report , Human Rights Watch cited a surge in violence around the northern town of Bossangoa since September , adding that concerned countries should immediately bolster the African Union peacekeeping force in the country and support efforts by France to protect civilians . In the report , Human Rights Watch said Christian militias attacked Muslim communities , cutting the throats of children while forcing parents to watch . Muslim groups retaliated , setting fire to Christian homes and killing their occupants with the apparent approval of commanders present , Human Rights Watch said . The recent violence has created a humanitarian crisis . Both sides have burned down large swaths of villages in the northern Ouham province , the rights group said , adding that relief workers have found it difficult to provide help , particularly emergency medical aid , as aid workers have also been the targets of attacks . "  The brutal killings in the Central African Republic are creating a cycle of murder and reprisal that threatens to spin out of control , " said Peter Bouckaert , emergencies director at Human Rights Watch and author of the report . "  The UN Security Council needs to act quickly to bring this evolving catastrophe to a halt . " The Central African Republic is about the size of France and is rich in resources , including diamonds , gold , timber and ivory . The former French colony has rarely seen political stability or economic growth in the 53 years since it gained independence . CNN 's Susanna Capelouto , Dana Ford , Nana Karikari-apau and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	"  I do n't think we even yet ... know the full scale " of violence , Power says Former French minister urges an international intervention Human rights experts urges parties "  to pull back from the brink of all-out war " Samantha Power authored a book about the U.S. response to genocides
The boundary between Tennessee and North Carolina might be one of the loveliest border crossings ever : It 's the crest of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park . Hikers on the Appalachian Trail walk the line between the two states for most of the trail 's path through the park . Incredible biological diversity is one of the Smokies ' standout features . Animals and plants typically found in the northern United States are found at the park 's higher elevations , while at lower elevations , the flora and fauna of the Southern states are represented . Elevations reach 6,643 feet in the Smokies , which are among the oldest mountains in the world . Park stats : Great Smoky Mountains National Park is the most visited National Park in the country with 9.7 million visitors last year . It occupies 800 square miles in the Southern Appalachian Mountains . More than 17,000 species have been found in the park . The location : Great Smoky Mountains National Park is in North Carolina and Tennessee . If you go : Entry to the park is free . Camping costs range from $ 14 to $ 23 per night . Meet our ranger : A second-generation park ranger , Caitlin Worth knows her national parks well . Her father and mother met working for the Park Service at Washington 's National Mall . The family followed her father to his postings at Acadia National Park in Maine and the Great Smokies .  Her father retired as head of the Great Smokies ' public affairs office last year .  Worth did summer internships at the park while in college and graduate school , and she was hired permanently three years ago . Now Worth , her husband and new baby live just a mile from the park . "  I fell in love with this park when I worked here  as a seasonal intern  and could n't figure out why I 'd ever want to be anywhere else , " she says . "  There are so many historical resources here . There are so many places you could close your eyes and open them again and you 're in the past . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Cades Cove right after sunup  especially in the summer  to see the misty valley waking up and the wildlife at its most active . You might spend a few hours there . "  One of biggest mistakes people make , if they have only one day , is to start at 10 a.m. You 've already missed the best hours . It 's hot and busy , and they do n't see it the way they should . " If you have a little more time , drive up and over the mountain to Clingmans Dome , the park 's highest point . You can walk up to the observation tower and even walk a little bit of the Appalachian Trail . "  The Southern Appalachian mountains are pretty spectacular . " Favorite less-traveled spot : The hike to the Mount Cammerer Fire Tower is Worth 's favorite hike to see spring wildflowers and changing fall colors . But it 's not for novices . It 's a long hike -- about 11 miles round trip or 17 miles in a loop -- and it 's not flat . "  I like a hike that makes me feel like I worked for it , " she says . "  It 's a good challenge hike if you 're up for one . And it 's quiet , which is sometimes hard to find in the park . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : While Cades Cove is filled with people wanting to see bears , Worth loves to spot elk and spring bird migrations in the Oconaluftee Valley . The Oconaluftee River Trail runs through the valley , as does the road  in case you 're worn out at this point  . "  There 's something about that valley in the morning that 's spectacular , " she says . "  There 's an ethereal quality . " Most magical moment : Leading a group of second-graders to see Mingus Mill , Worth suggested the children pretend they saddle up on their imaginary horses with their imaginary bags to collect corn from the mill . Then everyone galloped up the hill to the mill . "  You can imagine a ranger galloping up the hill in full uniform ? " says Worth , laughing . "  The class wanted to ride their horses all day . And they asked if the horses could look like whatever they wanted . " Yes , of course , she told them . Her horse had purple stripes and sparkles . "  By the end of the day , the kids really fell in love with their horses . One girl came up to me and said , ` Thank you for letting us come to the park . Can we take our horses home with us ? ' " Another favorite national park : The Florida side of the Gulf Islands National Seashore  it also skips a state as part of it is also in Mississippi  was Worth 's annual beach trip as a child , and it 's the place she credits with making her want to be a park ranger . "  I saw my dad going to work in a uniform but I did n't get it , " she says . "  It was the junior ranger program  at Gulf Island  where I fell in love with the idea of being a park ranger  when I was 6  . I just loved it . " Gulf Islands is an "  amazing untouched beach park , where I feel like I 'm on a real Florida beach that has n't been manufactured or plowed flat , " she says . "  It 's also a neat historical park with fortifications on the islands " dating back nearly 150 years to the Spanish . What 's your favorite national park and why ? Please tell us in the comments section below .	Great Smoky Mountains National Park divides North Carolina and Tennessee Visitors to the park can spot bear , elk and spring bird migrations There are day hikes for the novice and longer hikes that will make you sweat
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe said Monday that he does not believe foul play was involved in a car wreck that killed his wife . The vehicle the couple were traveling in was left overturned off the highway . "  When something like that happens there is speculation , but I want to assure you if it was foul play , it is one in a thousand , " he said Monday . "  It was an accident that took her life . " Tsvangirai 's comments came amid widespread speculation that the wreck was caused by his political opponents aligned with President Robert Mugabe . Tsvangirai 's political party , the Movement for Democratic Change , has said the crash was an assassination attempt . It has called for an independent inquiry . Zimbabwe 's new prime minister was hurt in the wreck and returned home Monday from neighboring Botswana . "  Life has to go on and I 'm certain that if she was here she would liked life to go on , " he said . "  It will be difficult to fill the gap left by her . " Tsvangirai has long been a leading opposition figure in Zimbabwe , but he joined a coalition government with Mugabe last month . That seemed to resolve an impasse created by a disputed presidential election between Mugabe and Tsvangirai last year . Tsvangirai received the most votes in the March 2008 election , but he fell short of the 50 percent required to avoid a runoff . He withdrew as a candidate in the runoff , citing political violence and intimidation targeting his supporters . Negotiations between the two sides culminated in the power-sharing agreement that was implemented just weeks ago . Questions about the wreck surfaced shortly after it happened Friday on a busy two-lane highway between Tsvangirai 's hometown of Buhera and the capital city of Harare . On Saturday , members of Tsvangirai 's political party , the Movement for Democratic Change , told CNN that Tsvangirai believed that the driver of the truck that struck his car deliberately drove toward him in an effort to take his life . The party 's secretary-general , Tendai Biti , said police should have provided better security for Tsvangirai . The wreck might not have happened , he said , if a police escort been on hand . A former U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe , Tom McDonald , said the wreck raised suspicion . "  I 'm skeptical about any motor vehicle accident in Zimbabwe involving an opposition figure , " said McDonald , who was ambassador to Zimbabwe from 1997 to 2001 . "  President Mugabe has a history of strange car accidents when someone , lo and behold , dies -- it 's sort of his M.O. of how they get rid of people they do n't like . " McDonald , however , was quick to add that traffic accidents are common in Zimbabwe . The highway on which Tsvangirai was traveling is a two-lane road on which tractor-trailers are common , he said . Vehicles in the country are often in bad shape and many drivers are inexperienced , he said . "  It 's certainly plausible that this was just one of those tragic things , " he said . -- CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report .	Tsvangirai : "  It was an accident that took her life " PM returned home from Botswana and addressed mourners at his residence Much speculation the wreck was caused by his political opponents Former U.S. ambassador to Zimbabwe said the wreck raised suspicion
CNN  -- Andy Murray is focused on winning his first grand slam title , but the Olympic tennis champion is facing new distractions following his success at London 2012 . "  Yeah , it 's been a bit weird , with people hanging out in front of my hotel room , taking pictures , " the world No. 4 said after becoming the first player to reach the third round of the men 's draw at the 2012 U.S. Open . "  Some ask strange questions : What did I think of Prince Harry 's hotel photos ? What do I think about the Crown Jewels ? " "  I said , no comment . It 's a little different than what I 'm used to , but it 's fun . " Murray , seeded third in the absence of the injured Rafael Nadal , defeated Croatia 's Ivan Dodig on Wednesday for his second successive straight-sets victory in New York this week . Clijsters ' singles career ends after shock U.S. Open defeat The Scot will next face either 30th seed Feliciano Lopez or his fellow Spaniard Pablo Andujar . "  It was better than the first round , that 's for sure . I moved better than I did in the first match and served better , and I was able to dictate more of the points because of that . I was much happier with the way I played , " said Murray who lost in the 2008 final at Flushing Meadows . Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer won his opening match in three sets , beating big-serving world No. 34 Kevin Anderson of South Africa . Ferrer , who reached the semifinals in 2007 , faces into a second round meeting with 78th-ranked Dutch debutant Igor Sijsling . "  It was not an easy match with Anderson , " Ferrer said . "  He 's a really good player . He has very strong first and second serve . I 'm happy , because I played well in my first round . " American ninth seed John Isner won a tough first-round encounter with experienced Belgian Xavier Malisse , winning 6-3 7-6 5-7 7-6 in just under three hours as the fourth-set tie-break went to 13-11 . "  I wish I could make it easier on myself but I tend to not do that , as a lot of people know , " said Isner , a quarterfinalist last year . He will next face another seasoned campaigner in Finland 's Jarkko Nieminen , who also reached the last eight back in 2005 . Seventh seed Juan Martin del Potro booked a second-round clash with young American Ryan Harrison after defeating France 's Florent Serra . The Argentine , U.S. Open champion in 2009 , battled to a 6-4 7-6  7-4  6-4 victory in two and a half hours against his 116th-ranked opponent , who has never got past the second round in New York The 20-year-old Harrison , who lost his first-round match last year , matched his 2010 debut achievement by beating Germany 's Benjamin Becker in straight sets . Serbian eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic became the seventh man at this year 's tournament to win after dropping the first two sets , having faced a shock defeat at the hands of world No. 129 Guillaume Rufin . Tipsarevic , whose quarterfinal achievement last year was his best result at a grand slam , finally triumphed in three hours 37 minutes against the 22-year-old Frenchman . He will next face American Brian Baker , who continued his fairytale comeback by winning his first match at the tournament since his last appearance seven years ago . The former second-ranked junior player had multiple surgeries which wrecked his career , and had been coaching tennis at Belmont University when he decided to return to the professional tour this year . Baker , who made it to the second round at the French Open and the last 16 at Wimbledon , beat Czech Jan Hajek in straight sets in the opening match of his home slam . "  I had some nerves . I do n't think it was probably the prettiest match ever . A win is a win , " said the 27-year-old , now ranked 70th despite still studying for a business degree and continuing his coaching role at Belmont . "  I think just getting out and not having played the U.S. Open in seven years and having expectations and having a lot of friends and family just gives you ... I mean , it 's good nerves . "  I think it helps you focus a little bit more and want it a little bit more , but it was exciting time to be back after so much time off . " Veteran German 21st seed Tommy Haas , a three-time quarterfinalist , lost to Latvia 's Ernest Gulbis , while Russian No. 28 Mikhail Youzhny also blew a two-set lead as he was beaten by Luxembourg 's Gilles Muller . Muller , who reached the last 16 in 2011 , earned a clash with Australia 's former world No. 1 Lleyton Hewitt , who is expected to retire after the tournament . Hewitt , the 2001 champion and a three-time semifinalist , beat young German Tobias Kamke 4-6 6-2 6-1 6-4 .	Andy Murray becomes first man through to third round at the U.S. Open Spanish fourth seed David Ferrer eases through to second round Eighth seed Janko Tipsarevic recovers from two sets down to go through He next faces Brian Baker , who wins first U.S. Open match in seven years
Washington  CNN  -- In the days immediately following the presidential election , Martin Mendez was in a blue funk . A Latino Republican , he watched with dismay as poll after poll revealed that not only did President Barack Obama win a second term in office , but he did so with a sizable portion of the Hispanic vote . The loss was especially painful for Mendez , who spent hours knocking on the doors of Hispanics around Denver in an effort to convince them to give the GOP a try . "  Out in the field in Denver , the comments I got ... the feedback was Mitt Romney 's for the millionaires . We 're these poor Hispanics , so we 're going to vote for Obama because he 's for the little guy , " Mendez said , his voice full of exasperation . "  There is this class warfare game that Democrats play every single election cycle . We have to start now , reaching out now and not sit on the sidelines until the next cycle , " he said . The growing influence of Latinos , blacks , women and young people in America is not a new story . Demographers have known that at some point the country would become more non-white than white . Social scientists knew that the American landscape was changing , and that change would begin to have profound impact on the nation 's shifting identity . Seven ways religious diversity played in the election Earlier this year , even Romney , in the secretly-recorded video where he attacked the so-called "  47 % , " understood what was going on . "  So we can capture women 's votes , we 're having a much harder time with Hispanic voters , " he told a gathering of conservative donors . "  And if the Hispanic voting bloc becomes as committed to the Democrats as the African American voting bloc has in the past , why , we 're in trouble as a party and , I think , as a nation . " For generations , those who knew politics predicted this change would happen one day . On Tuesday , it did . For several election cycles now , women have represented more than half of the electorate yet have been an under-appreciated voting bloc . Add to that the explosive growth of and increased political activism among Latinos , many of whom are younger , under 35 . Then there is the generations-long fight for political gains among African Americans , helping culminate in the re-election of the nation 's first black president . The growing political power among other minority groups and vocal youth vote has meant that the party these groups largely back -- Democrats -- netted huge gains during this election cycle . The New America : What the election teaches us about ourselves The new American electorate , it seems , has arrived . And it may be spelling big trouble for Republicans . "  The minority groups that carried President Obama to victory are on track to become a majority of the nation 's population by 2050 , " researchers Paul Taylor and D'Vera Cohn wrote in an analysis piece for the Pew Research Center . Taylor added that those groups account for 37 % of the population , and cast "  a record 28 % of the votes in the 2012 presidential election . " For the first time in the nation 's history , women and minorities will hold the majority of the Democratic Party 's House seats , according to an analysis by Bloomberg News . However , the Republican side of the aisle will remain largely white and male . Opinion : GOP voter suppression fueled black turnout More women voted for Obama than Romney While it is too early to tell what type of long-term impact these newly powerful Americans will have on the nature of politics , exit polling suggests their impact was felt in both top of the ticket , down-ballot races and state initiatives across the country . According to CNN 's exit polls , 55 % of women and 45 % of men voted for Obama , while 44 % of women and 52 % of men voted for Romney . That level of female support for the president made an especially big impact in swing states like Ohio where the gender breakdown mirrored the national figures . Obama garnered 44 % of the Hispanic vote , numbers which likely helped him in places with high Hispanic populations such as Nevada , Colorado and Florida . Over the next several generations , the wave of minority voters -- who , according to U.S. Census figures released earlier this year , now represent more than half of the nation 's population born in the past year -- will become more of a power base in places like Alabama , Mississippi and Georgia . That hold will extend across the Southwest all the way to California , experts say . The coming political revolution could result in a massive changing of the guard on nearly every level of government , potential cultural clashes from big cities to rural towns , and the type of political alliances that are now considered rare . "  I do think that the era that began with Ronald Regan where there was a conservative dominance powered by conservative voters and Southern whites . That era is over , " said David Bositis , a senior political analyst , at the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies . "  Any candidate that wants to run a campaign -LSB- now -RSB- only at whites is going to lose . " GOP problem : ` Their voters are white , aging and dying off ' Obama failed to deliver on a first-term pledge to tackle comprehensive immigration reform . So moving forward , legislative battles over immigration will test the newfound political sway of minorities and the GOP 's ability to redirect on the issue , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University in Atlanta . "  This will be a test on whether or not Republicans get the message , " Gillespie said , adding , "  Strategically , Obama needs to identify pro-immigration Republicans and get them on board pretty quickly . He 's got to figure out which Republicans are hip and realize the game has got to change on immigration and help protect them  so  they feel comfortable enough to defect . " Both parties will also work with a Congress that has seen more women added to its ranks . How women ruled the 2012 election and where the GOP went wrong In Congress , a record 20 women will hold U.S. Senate seats next yearâ $ " including newly-elected Wisconsin Democrat Tammy Baldwin , the first openly lesbian senator . The New Hampshire congressional delegation will be all female and , in Obama 's home state of Hawaii , Democrat Mazie Hirono will represent the islands in the Senate . In Nebraska , Republican Sen.-elect Debbie Fischer will represent that state . However , there are still hurdles to overcome , said Jennifer Lawless , director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University . "  Because of very clear and specific targeting , Democrats were able to win women , " Lawless said . But , she continued , that "  does n't mean that is how they govern . Moving forward in the direction that will improve women 's social , economic and political autonomy takes time . " Analysis : Obama 's new Democratic majority Changes at the local level , too A mix of ballot initiatives across the country suggests that , despite the political power gains among women and minorities , those groups are not always united on issues . And in places where those groups are outnumbered , state and local laws may not always favor their causes . In Florida , voters rejected a proposal that would have blocked state employees from using their health insurance for abortions except in cases of rape , incest or when the woman 's life is threatened . In Montana , voters passed a measure requiring parental notification before a doctor can perform an abortion on a minor aged 16 or younger . In Maryland , voters overwhelmingly passed a state version of the DREAM Act allowing undocumented immigrants to pay in-state tuition . In Montana , roughly 80 % of voters approved blocking illegal immigrants from getting such state services as student aid and disability benefits . Maryland and Maine both passed marriage equality initiativesâ $ " a topic that polling suggests is broadly supported among young voters in particular . Opinion : How GOP can attract Latino voters The League of Young Voters , a group which targets non-college , minority youth and encourages them to vote , is especially excited by the demographic sea change . Over the next several election cycles , voters can expect to see topics such as immigration reform , climate change , marriage equality and improving juvenile incarceration rates become more of the public policy conversation , said the group 's executive director Rob "  Biko " Baker . "  Young people are extremely concerned about climate science and climate change ... . a smart elected official will try and connect that with jobs packages , Baker said . "  There needs to be a big conversation about marriage equality . Young people are more tolerant of marriage equality . " As for Mendez , he 's feeling a bit better following Thursday night 's Colorado Hispanic Republicans dinner designed to reach out to Latinos . After all , he was once a Democrat who switched to the GOP after realizing the party was most closely aligned with his own views on abortion , guns and taxes . He 's feeling a bit better that maybe others can be convinced to do likewise . "  The last two days , I 've been down in the dumps about this election , " he said . "  But today I 'm excited . We do n't have to move a mountain here , we just have to move a little bit . " Carville : GOP routed by reality	The demographic sea change in political power is here , experts say Political gains among women , youth , and minorities will help shape the political conversation Republicans say they will have to figure out how to work with , attract these newly powerful Americans
CNN  Want to take a self-portrait using your snazzy new selfie stick in front of London 's National Gallery ? That 's fine . But do n't try to use it inside the museum . The National Gallery has become the latest museum to ban the handy  or irritating , depending on your point of view  device . Selfies turn museums into playgrounds for a day The British museum joins the Smithsonian , New York 's Museum of Modern Art and a host of institutions around the world banning what the New York museum calls "  camera extension poles . " Before you pout that the ban is going to ruin your selfie for #MuseumSelfie Day next year , know that Mar Dixon , the day 's creator , supports the ban . "  I 'm all for photos in museums as that is a memory -- a personal memory -- of your visit , " Dixon wrote in an email . But not selfie sticks , which she says allow you to invade other people 's personal space . "  They 're just as bad IMO as tripods or opening an umbrella . "  There is also a risk , while lining up your shot with a selfie stuck inside a museum or gallery , of knocking other people around you or worse , the art , " Dixon wrote . "  Selfie sticks are brilliant , do n't get me wrong , but not inside museums and galleries . Outside and for other attractions they are perfect ! "	London 's National Gallery is the latest museum to ban the selfie stick Even the creator of #MuseumSelfie Day supports the ban
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Kenny Morrison soaked in life from his beachfront home . A top chef at a trendy L.A. restaurant , he served dinner to the Hollywood stars , including A-listers . Kenny Morrison got hooked on painkillers after getting dental work in 2003 . "  I lost everything , " he says . But within a couple years , he lost it all . He got hooked on pain medication after some dental work . His fix was codeine , Vicodin and OxyContin -- all prescription medications -- to help him get through the day . At one point , he even had a tooth removed unnecessarily so he could get a prescription for pain medicines . "  At the height , I was taking probably 20 , 25 a day , " he says . "  It got to the point where I lost the wife , the house , and I was living in a bad part of L.A. in my truck . And I went from taking a couple of codeine all the way to taking OxyContin . " Morrison did n't buy his drugs on a street corner or get them from a dope dealer . He got them mostly from dentists he had never met . He says he 'd scroll through the phone book calling dentist after dentist until one would prescribe him pain medication . "  I kind of found out on my own that a dentist will prescribe you painkillers over the phone , instead of a doctor who you would most likely have to go in and see , " he says . Watch addicts turn to dentists " Dr. Jay Grossman , a dentist in the Los Angeles area , says he routinely gets calls from people seeking painkillers . "  The moment somebody hangs up the phone on me , I know that they 're literally going down the book . They 're calling the next one in the Yellow Pages , hoping that someone will write them a prescription , " he says . "  If you 're an addict , one of your resources would certainly be a dentist . " Grossman sits on a disciplinary committee for the California Dental Association . He says the calls typically come at the end of the day . The user describes pain in his mouth and insists on medication fast . Red flags go up and Grossman says he begins asking a series of questions to "  put it back in their ballpark . " When he asks how many pills they need , sometimes the answer is : "  Forty or 50 should do just fine , " Grossman says . He tries to set up an appointment for the next day , so he can see the patient in person . Most times , they hang up after he grills them . "  I do n't think doctors of any sort -- whether it 's a dental professional or one of my medical colleagues -- should be doling out prescriptions in that quantity , like M&M s. That 's not what it 's there for , " he says . "  I would like to think the vast majority of my colleagues are doing the honest , ethical and moral thing . " According to the Drug Enforcement Administration , nearly 7 million Americans are abusing prescription drugs , more than the number who are abusing cocaine , heroin , hallucinogens and ecstasy combined . The number of painkiller addicts has nearly doubled from 2000 , when 3.8 million Americans were hooked , the DEA says . The misuse of painkillers represents three-fourths of the overall problem of prescription drug abuse . The DEA says addicts get the drugs from "  doctor shopping , " online pharmacies and other Internet sources , theft from pharmacies and , yes , traditional drug dealers . "  All DEA registered practitioners and dentists registered with DEA must adhere to state laws and regulations as well as federal laws and regulations when dispensing or prescribing a controlled substance , " says DEA special agent Gary Boggs . But the DEA says only one in every 10,000 doctors loses his or her controlled substance registration each year as a result of DEA investigations into improper prescribing . James Stillwell , the executive director of Impact Drug and Alcohol Treatment Center in Pasadena , California , says he believes it 's much more prevalent than authorities realize . He says dentists , doctors and veterinarians all become targets of addicts . "  It 's an easy way to get your hands on an opiate-based drug , a painkiller , for recreational use , " Stillwell says . "  If you have an addict that wants to get high , ... he 's going to find ways and means to do that . " There 's another troubling aspect of addicts on painkillers prescribed by doctors , he says . These addicts do n't think they have a problem because they have prescriptions in their hands . "  It helps you legitimize it -- not just in terms of family and loved ones , but what your head is saying to you , " Stillwell says . "  It 's a way to elude the stigma of being a drug addict . " Grossman says the DEA has done a good job in the last 12-18 months of cracking down on dentists who may be over-prescribing pain medicines . According to the DEA , 38 states have enacted legislation to create a database for physicians and pharmacists to prevent abusers from obtaining multiple prescriptions . Grossman says the DEA notifies dentists and questions them when their prescriptions for painkillers reach high numbers . "  They 're actually following up , " he says . But he says for a dentist to come before his local disciplinary board , the board first needs to be notified that a dentist may be acting out of line -- and a drug abuser typically is n't going to turn them in . Grossman believes the issue has come under scrutiny in the last year because "  of the celebrities that have been passing away due to drug overdose . " Heath Ledger and Anna Nicole Smith had each taken a lethal combination of prescription drugs . He said dentists , doctors and pharmacies constantly need to be on alert for people trying to use medical professionals as their drug dealers . "  Just writing a prescription for the pain is not the answer , " Grossman says . "  There 's a moral and ethical code that we have to follow . " As for Morrison , he says he has been clean for a year after going through Impact 's program . He 's now the head chef at the treatment facility that saved his life . It has been five years since his life fell apart . He 's trying to repair his relationship with his daughter and his ex-wife . He wants others to avoid the painful painkiller path he took . "  My body craved it , and I lost everything -- everything , " Morrison says . "  It 's hard to understand how big of a problem this is . My message is it 's a disease and it needs to be addressed . " CNN 's Traci Tamura contributed to this report .	Kenny Morrison learned he could get pain pills from dentists without seeing them He was taking as many as 25 pain pills a day , but has since gone clean DEA says 7 million Americans are hooked on pain pills , a trend that 's skyrocketing Dentist says , "  Just writing a prescription for the pain is not the answer "
CNN  -- This holiday season , families will gather by the fire -- or most likely by the television set -- to spend some quality time together , recording memories more valuable than any money could buy . Even during such precious moments though , the specter of materialism remains an ever present force . For as we all know , Christmas would n't be nearly as much fun without Santa paying us a fruitful visit . And come January , tempers fray when those eagerly awaited presents start to lose their shine and the bills need settling . That paradox was perhaps unwittingly highlighted by two of the world 's most influential characters this year : one was the Pope ; the other the Mayor of London . And just as the gap between rich and poor continues to yawn alarmingly wide , so too it seems does the difference in their approaches to money and the inequality it creates . Using the first peace message of his pontificate to preach against the cult of high finance , Pope Francis railed against huge salaries and bonuses . "  How can it be that it is not a news item when an elderly homeless person dies of exposure , " he asked , " but it is news when the stock market loses 2 points ? " Without "  rejecting the absolute autonomy of the markets and financial speculation ... . no solution will be found for the world 's problems , " he said . The 77 year-old pontiff 's criticism of the capitalist system has been so scathing of late that he has been forced to deny he is a closet Marxist after arguing today 's "  idolization of money " was n't just morally wrong , it was devastating for society . Make no mistake . "  Such an economy , ' he said , ` kills . " But does it really ? Or does it motivate rather than maim ? Boris Johnson , who granted is n't always mentioned in the same sentence as His Holiness , told Londoners recently to embrace the worship of wealth . Not only was greed good , he suggested in echoes of Wall Street 's famous corporate raider Gordon Gekko , but the need to "  keep up with the Jones 's " was a powerful social stimulant for those who managed to maintain their place on life 's treadmill . And for those who lost their footing ? In Johnson 's usual semi-serious view : charity -- not God -- would provide . "  Inequality is essential for the spirit of envy , " he said , "  stimulating brain activity , " and countering falling wages elsewhere . While the extreme views of London 's Mayor may have shocked many outside the capital 's affluent postcodes , a quick survey of my Twitter followers threw up the surprising revelation that even during these days of hardship , Johnson 's unique brand of trickle down economics was n't quite as unpopular as expected . Many called him a realist . In fairness , Johnson 's speech was a calculated power play for the UK 's hardline Conservative base , who have the luxury of planning how to build upon their net worth . By contrast , Pope Francis 's words offer a thought provoking appeal for altruism to counter an increasingly selfish world . Perhaps predictably , they come from the heart of a man who has experienced hardships first hand , as a son of poor immigrants in Argentina , who when elected to lead the Catholic Church chose the name of a saint who turned his back on a life of riches . The two messages -- one cruel , the other caring -- if anything are evidence of today 's increasingly polarized views on the importance of fortune and fate in today 's post-austerity era . That 's a debate which will become more prominent in 2014 as the economy flourishes once more and electorates ask themselves what they have learned from the last boom-and-bust cycle . Either way , if there is one thing these two statements do show it 's that money -- however idolatrous it may be -- is just as important for bringing people together as much as tearing them apart . As we probably learn every holiday season as we sit down to unwrap those parcels ...	Even during the holiday season , the specter of materialism remains , writes CNN 's Nina Dos Santos Pope Francis argued today 's "  idolization of money was devastating for society , she says Dos Santos : Boris Johnson , however , told Londoners to embrace the worship of wealth Both messages are evidence of today 's polarized views on fortune and fate , she writes
Newtown , Connecticut  CNN  -- The center of Newtown could n't be more decked out for the holidays . It seems like there are ribbons and wreaths for every lamppost and door . Lights sparkle from trees , and a big wood sign calls residents to the local firehouse to pick up even more holiday sprigs . That same firehouse is where parents ran in panic after receiving robocalls and texts about a shooting Friday at Sandy Hook Elementary School up the street . Now , the high spirits of the holidays have been darkened . Signs in storefronts have stopped declaring holiday cheer and are calling instead for prayer and mourning . The firehouse is ringed by first responders greeting members of the community coming to drop flowers and notes . A sign pointing to the entrance of the local grade school now marks the scene of a massacre of young children . A day that started like any other Since the shooting , tears fall easily in this town , especially after police released the sober list of names of the dead . It was striking as much for the birth dates as for the length . The column "  DOB " listed 20 born in the years 2005 and 2006 . Then six names of female educators young and middle-aged . The 7th birthday of a little girl named Josephine Gay happened last week . Another named Charlotte Bacon would have turned 7 in February . Remembering the victims "  I do n't think there are words , " said a woman as she broke down in tears when she came to leave flowers for the dead . Her daughter also went to the elementary school . She had listened to the robocall about the shooter , feeling anything but calm . Like a lot of mothers in the area , she had been swept by panic wondering which school had an unfolding crime and whether her child might be among those injured or killed . Another woman , Miriam Espinoza , fell to the grass and wept when she saw the flowers around the elementary school sign post . She clutched her third-grader , recounting her later relief as she discovered her child was not among the victims . "  But those other mamas , " she said in Spanish , "  how did they go forward ? " It was as if an entire town suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder . No one was left unmarked since those harrowing minutes Friday of sorting out who had and had not survived , and the many hours since of figuring out how close danger had touched their lives . Was their child OK ? What about their neighbor 's child or the teacher who once taught their teen ? Laura Phelps and husband Nick have a first and third-grader at the school . They rushed to Sandy Hook Elementary to see if their children were among the injured or dead . "  When we got our children and I saw my son 's teacher , they were like ghosts , but they were incredibly composed ; they were calm ; they had their sheets with them checking off , making sure each child went with their parent , " she said . "  They did everything possible to keep our kids safe , and I wish I had known when I looked at their faces just to say thank you because I have my children . " Teacher : ' I wanted to be the last thing they heard , not the gunfire ' As mourners placed flowers for the dead , their friends could barely put together words . Alexander Galinsky walked with his head dipped as he thought of a friend who lost a son . "  Last night we felt something unusual because they did n't respond on the phone calls , messages , " he said of his friend . "  Last night they basically called us and  there were  just a few words .  Their son is  not with us anymore . " This family had come from England two years ago but quickly fit into a tightly knit community . Galinsky said he began considering them close friends almost overnight . "  We can not comprehend with our minds and our hearts , " he said . Some parents ' voices still rattled as they uttered that awful word "  lockdown , " something children practice with their teachers . It is a modern addition to a fall season of fire drills and other safety lessons for the littlest of schoolchildren . But the word shocked adults when it took on real-life meaning . Library clerk Mary Ann Jacob fell into the arms of her husband as she recounted hearing crackling over the school 's public address system . "  I thought they 'd left it on so I just called the office to tell them we could hear them , " she said . A member of the office staff told her about the shooter so she and some other staff hustled the kids into a storage closet . "  We practice these lockdowns ; we have to have several by a certain date , " she said . She handed out pieces of paper and crayons to the cluster of 6-year-olds to keep them quiet . Latest developments Jacob said the door was kept locked while the principal and other staff were in the halls fighting off an attack . They were so scared of what was unfolding that they did n't even open the door for police when they finally came knocking . "  I made him show his badge , " she said . The town 's initial trauma has turned to mourning as churches opened their doors for counseling and services , and a vigil for one teacher drew hundreds . On Sunday , there were even more services as well as a planned visit by President Barack Obama , all as the investigation unfolds into how a day that began with promises of some first-graders building gingerbread houses after school had ended this way . One woman who came with flowers said she was there because she did n't know what else to do . Her friend could only offer this response : "  I think it 's coming to these memorials , I think it 's being close from one family to another . And just being there . You know just hugs ; I do n't think there are any words . " How you can help	Signs of holiday cheer replaced with calls for prayer and mourning Initial trauma turns to grief as Newtown families come together Parents begin to face the new reality in Newtown , Connecticut
CNN  -- A property dispute between family members apparently led to a shooting in which a man killed two people in the central Virginia town of Louisa before he was shot by police , authorities said . Four others were wounded when the man began shooting outside a home Sunday afternoon , police said . "  This was part of a property dispute , " Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller said Monday . "  Due to a death in the family , there was a dispute over who owns the property , and who has rights to it . " The shooter , Charles "  Zeke " Sponaugle Sr. , had been living at the property recently , Geller said . The incident began when deputies responded to a report of an argument at the home , police said . Believing the situation had been resolved , the deputies left the home . But shortly before 5 p.m. , authorities received another call about an active shooting at the residence , said Maj. Donnie Lowe of the Louisa County Sheriff 's Office . When officers arrived , a man was shooting at people in the front yard . Two people were killed and four were wounded , said Sgt. Thomas Molnar of the Virginia State Police . The man then directed his gunfire at police and released a pit bull terrier on them , authorities said . "  Based on evidence at the scene , as soon as deputies arrived they were in an active shooting situation , " Geller said . She said authorities believe that return fire from deputies killed both the suspect and the dog . No deputies were wounded . "  Since 2000 , deputies have been to this property 23 times , " Lowe said . "  The calls were pretty much all the same -- family arguments , people not getting along -- nothing really violent , mostly verbal . " He added , "  You ca n't predict something like this . " The four wounded people were taken to the University of Virginia Hospital in Charlottesville , Molnar said . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : Shooting was result of a property dispute , police said Police : The man was killed by sheriff 's deputies after turning his gun and a dog on them No deputies were wounded in the shooting Sunday afternoon in Louisa , Virginia
CNN  -- European nations could be penalized by being stripped of some powers if they fail to manage their budgets , according to a memo from European Commission President Herman Van Rompuy leaked Tuesday . The confidential memo , sent out to leaders ahead of the final European Council meeting of the year at the end of the week , comes only a day after the leaders of Germany and France agreed in Paris on a new fiscal pact they say will help prevent another debt crisis . But Van Rompuy 's proposals , details of which were obtained by CNN , are perhaps even stricter than those of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy . The five-page memo proposes that the European Commission could perhaps be given the right to strip voting rights within the European Union from some countries who have been bailed out but are still not meeting their deficit targets For "  member states that are under an assistance program and have consistently failed to meet the conditionality , the  European  Commission could receive exceptional power such as ex-ante approval of all major economic reforms , " the document says . As such , the executive arm of the EU could force bailed-out countries , such as Greece , Ireland and Portugal , to comply with deficit regulations , which for the entire EU currently stand at 3 % of GDP . Those rules have been in place for many years but EU leaders are looking for a way to have them more tightly enforced in order to restore confidence in eurozone debt . Van Rompuy 's proposals indicate continuing differences of opinion with other key decision-makers in Europe over how to handle the region 's debt crisis . The proposed change of protocol Van Rompuy has put forward would not need to be fully ratified by all the member states , a person familiar with the plans told CNN . Merkel and Sarkozy , heads of the two largest economies in the 17-nation eurozone , said Monday that their pact , to be presented in detail Friday , would involve amending or rewriting the treaties that govern the EU to force members to manage their budgets in a more structured and coherent way . They are expected to write to Van Rompuy on Wednesday to find out whether their initiative would be embraced by all 27 EU countries or just the 17 that share the single currency . Ahead of that move , Prime Minister David Cameron warned Tuesday he would not sign any reworked EU treaty that does not protect British interests . "  What I 'm saying is that if -- and eurozone countries do need to come together , do need to do more things together -- if they choose to use the European treaty to do that , Britain will be insisting on some safeguards , too , and as long as we get those , then that treaty can go ahead . If we ca n't get those , it wo n't , " he told the BBC . Resolving the eurozone crisis is a priority , Cameron said , but he would be going to Brussels to "  defend and promote " British interests , including the U.K. financial services sector . As the head of the European Commission , Van Rompuy is expected to steer discussions between the member states as they meet for the final EU summit of the year . Both Merkel and Sarkozy ruled out Monday the concept of pooling eurozone debt under so-called "  eurobonds , " saying such discussions were premature . However , Van Rompuy 's memo appears to open the door to such an idea further down the line . He recommends leaders consider "  opening up the possibility in a longer term perspective of moving towards common debt issuance in a staged and criteria-based approach , " according to the leaked memo . Sarkozy said Monday in Paris that the debt crisis , which has shaken markets around the world , must be resolved by March next year . Meanwhile , Standard and Poor 's placed 15 members of the euro currency union on review for a possible downgrade Monday , as the debt crisis in the eurozone continues to worsen . The warning applies to AAA-rated nations such as Germany , France , the Netherlands , Austria , Finland and Luxembourg , the U.S.-based credit rating agency said in a press release . A downgrade of France or another of the region 's top-rated nations would have serious consequences for the European Financial Stability Facility . The EFSF , a government-backed bailout fund , could lose its AAA rating if the nations that stand behind it are downgraded .	NEW : British PM warns he may not sign a new EU treaty if British interests are at risk Leaked memo sets out tough measures for countries that fail to manage budgets It comes a day after the leaders of France and Germany agreed to a new fiscal pact European leaders are in Brussels later this week for their last summit of the year
CNN  -- Elections have consequences . That 's the message of Monday 's rulings from the Supreme Court -- and , indeed , all decisions by nine justices whose ideologies reflect , with considerable precision , the views of the presidents who appointed them . Both the Hobby Lobby case -- which concerned the intersection of women 's rights , religious freedom , and Obamacare -- and the Harris case , about the future of labor unions , were 5-4 decisions . Five Republican appointees for the owners of Hobby Lobby  and against the unions  . Four Democratic appointees for the Obama administration  and for the unions  . Notably , too , three of those four Democratic appointees are women .  Of 112 people who have served on the Supreme Court , four have been women . As in so many cases before the justices , the legal issues in these cases were as much political as legal . Indeed , just like politicians , the justices try to frame the questions before them in as politically appealing ways as they can . In Hobby Lobby , the issue was whether a privately held company , whose owners have strong religious convictions against abortion , can refuse to pay for certain forms of birth control which they regard as immoral . "  The owners of many closely held corporations could not in good conscience provide such coverage , " Justice Samuel Alito wrote for the majority , and to force them to do so would violate federal law . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , for the dissenters , framed the issue in an entirely different way . She and her colleagues saw Hobby Lobby as asking for -- and receiving -- a license from the court to discriminate against women . What , she asked , about companies that have religious objections to treating African-Americans equally -- or gay people ? And , she asks , "  how does the Court divine which religious beliefs are worthy of accommodation , and which are not ? " The same kind of conflict undergirds the union case . In that case , home care workers who are covered by a union contract demanded the freedom to refuse to pay dues -- which the conservative majority granted them . Is this , as Alito  again  held , simply a matter of preserving the freedom of speech rights of these employees ? Or is it , as the dissenters , led by Justice Elena Kagan , said , a vehicle to starve unions of the dollars they need to survive -- and negotiate precisely these kinds of contracts ? Toward the end of this year 's term , there were more unanimous opinions than usual -- including rulings about the right of police officers to search the personal electronic devices of persons under arrest , and about the legitimacy of the use of recess appointments by the Obama administration . But no one should be misled . When it comes to the most fundamental issues before the court , the most important factor is not the legal arguments but the identity of the judges -- and the presidents who appointed them . Republicans vote one way , Democrats another . It 's true in Congress , and it 's true on the other side of First Street as well -- in the marble temple of the United States Supreme Court .	Jeffrey Toobin : Court rulings reflect ideology of presidents who appointed each justice Toobin : 5 GOP appointees for Hobby Lobby , 4 Democratic appointees against it Toobin : All 3 women on court ruled against Hobby Lobby ; union ruling fell along same lines Toobin : Dissent said Hobby Lobby got a license to discriminate . What 's next ?
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Iraqi leaders Monday as radical Sunni militants continue their march toward Baghdad during the country 's tensest time since the U.S. withdrawal of troops in 2011 . "  The future of Iraq depends on decisions made in the next few days and weeks , " Kerry said after meeting with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , the man who some observers say needs to step down . Al-Maliki has agreed to a July 1 deadline to begin the process to form a new government , a requirement for U.S. assistance in fighting the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , Kerry said . "  Our support will be intense , sustained , " and will be effective if Iraqi leaders unite to face the militant threat , he said . With al-Maliki 's Shiite-led government losing more ground to ISIS , Kerry implored the leader to rise above "  sectarian motivations " to become more inclusive and make the government more representative of Iraq 's population . Map : On the ground , who controls what ? Kerry also met with Iraq 's foreign minister as well as Shiite and Sunni leaders . Al-Malaki 's office issued a statement after his meeting with Kerry , saying the Prime Minister told Kerry the current situation "  poses a threat " not only to Iraq but the region as well . Al-Malaki "  called on the countries of the world , especially countries in the region , to take it seriously , " the statement said . But outside the rooms of high-level talks , parts of Iraq are falling by the day . Here 's the latest on the crisis that is spilling far beyond Iraq 's borders : Where is Iraq 's military ? The United States believes "  multiple Iraqi military divisions " outside Baghdad have dissolved and are plagued by problems in morale , leadership , training and equipment , according to a senior U.S. defense official . "  The readiness outside of Baghdad is certainly in question as they have ceded multiple towns . Forces in Baghdad seems to be holding today , " the official said . The United States believes there are around 10,000 fighters who are either affiliated with ISIS or members of the group , the official said , and while they are stretched thin over vast territory , they are getting support in the Sunni areas they increasingly control . Kerry said Monday in Baghdad that President Barack Obama has prepared "  a range of options for Iraq , " including enhanced intelligence , joint operations centers , military advisers and "  steady supplies of munitions . " But the United States is being more careful about sending additional weapons and ammunition to Iraq , because of a lack of confidence in the Iraqi troops , the defense official said . ISIS captures more ground Militant fighters believed to be ISIS have seized the Baiji oil refinery , the largest in Iraq , three Iraqi security sources told CNN Monday . Earlier in the day , an Iraqi military spokesman had said that an attack was under way , but had been repelled by security forces . CNN can not independently confirm either claim . The Baiji refinery is a key strategic resource because it refines much of the fuel needed for internal consumption . There are already long lines at many gas stations across the country . ISIS militants also advanced toward Baghdad over the weekend from the north and the west . At least 70 % of Anbar province is now under the control of ISIS , two security officials in the region told CNN . ISIS is on a mission to create an Islamic state across Sunni areas of Iraq and in Syria . Militants have taken over the Tal Afar airbase in northern Iraq as well as the city of Tal Afar , officials said . On Monday , Iraqi troops prepared to recapture the airbase , Iraqi Maj. Gen. Abu al-Waleed said . "  At least 1,000 Iraqi troops have amassed to the north of Tal Afar and are firing rockets at militants in control of the city , " he said . The fighters also seized the western Anbar town of Rutba , 70 miles  113 kilometers  from the borders of Jordan and Saudi Arabia , security sources in Baghdad and Anbar told CNN on Sunday . Then there 's Qaim . ISIS captured the city along the Syrian border Saturday , and the militants now enjoy a stronghold and a number of other towns in Anbar province . The fighters have a direct line to the western outskirts of Baghdad , where tension simmers just beneath the surface . Checkpoints in the capital seemed to pop up overnight , particularly the closer one got to central Baghdad . Security forces appeared to be controlling access to neighborhoods through a mix of checkpoints and road closures . Dozens of prisoners , five police killed At least 71 prisoners and five police officers were killed Monday when militants attacked an Iraqi police convoy transferring inmates from one prison to another , police said . Five militants were also killed . It was not immediately clear whether ISIS was behind the attack . The convoy was traveling from Hilla , a predominately Shiite city south of Baghdad , to another prison north of the city . Police did not provide further details about the attack . Iraq 's military is accusing ISIS of carrying out massacres . "  Hundreds of Iraqi soldiers have been beheaded and hung and their bodies have been desecrated , " said Iraq 's military spokesman , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta . "  Why has the U.N. not decried these atrocious crimes , which are among the biggest crimes against humanity ? " Sharia law spreads One of ISIS ' biggest victories came when it took over Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , this month . On Sunday , witnesses said militants paraded around the city in vehicles , announcing on loudspeakers that they have decided to form Islamic Sharia courts in Mosul . Sharia law covers religious and nonreligious aspects of life , and ISIS has begun imposing Sharia law in the towns it controls . Boys and girls must be separated at school . Women must wear the niqab , or full veil , in public . Music is banned , and fasting is enforced during Ramadan . The military denies huge losses But Iraq 's military said it 's not losing as much ground to ISIS as some may think . The military made a "  strategic withdrawal " in some areas , Atta , the military spokesman , told reporters . He said the withdrawals were part of a campaign to "  open all these fronts so we can strengthen our positions . " But Atta did not detail the specific locations . Two security officials told CNN that Iraqi forces have withdrawn from Haditha , 168 miles  about 270 kilometers  northwest of Baghdad . But even if some withdrawals were strategic , it 's unclear when or how Iraqi forces could retake areas now in the hands of well-armed ISIS fighters . The military said it has fought back against militants with airstrikes . Officials showed reporters footage of airstrikes they said took place in Tal Afar . Atta said the video showed a "  large number of ISIS forces fleeing these strikes " that left up to 50 people dead . Recruiting station gets pummeled Apparently , those trying to join Iraqi forces are at risk before they even enlist . In the Shiite-dominated Hilla , at least four people were killed in a shelling attack on a recruiting station . Another 34 people were wounded . Hundreds of predominantly Shiite men went to the recruiting station to answer a call to arms to protect Iraq . U.S. sends more help The U.S. will have a greater presence in Iraq aside from Kerry 's visit this week . About 300 U.S. military advisers will arrive , a senior defense official said . They will not be deployed all at once . The United States has reached an agreement with the Iraqi government over legal protection for those advisers , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Monday . "  We believe these protections are adequate to the short-term assessment and advisory mission our troops will be performing in Iraq . With this agreement , we will be able to start establishing the first few assessment teams , " he said . In addition , some U.S. military personnel already at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad will be reassigned and become advisers . The first military advisers will focus on assessing the strengths and weaknesses of Iraqi security forces , U.S. officials said . The advisers will also assess what Iraqi military equipment and weapons may now be in the hands of ISIS , and try to get better intelligence on ISIS strategy , weapons , and movements of its fighters . But Obama said there 's only so much the United States can do . "  Part of the task now is to see whether Iraqi leaders are prepared to rise above sectarian motivations , come together , compromise , " the President told CNN 's Kate Bolduan . "  If they ca n't , there 's not going to be a military solution to this problem . There 's no amount of American firepower that 's going to be able to hold the country together , and I 've made that very clear to Mr. Maliki and all the other leadership inside of Iraq . " How has ISIS become one of the richest ever militant groups ? Political Chatter : The new Iraq debate View from Baghdad : Answering your questions about Iraq	Militant fighters believed to be ISIS seize the Baiji oil refinery , sources say United States , Iraq reach agreement over legal protections for U.S. advisers John Kerry says Iraqi leaders agree to form a new government by July 1 U.S. defense official says Iraq 's military is plagued with morale , training problems
CNN  -- Whether you 're flying or driving to your destination , traveling during the holidays can be tiring , confusing and stressful . What did you do with your flight confirmation ? Where is the nearest public restroom ? How long are you going to have to wait in this bumper-to-bumper traffic ? Luckily , travel apps can help answer these questions and relieve some of the holiday travel tension . These five apps for air travelers and five for drivers are on the iTunes App Store popular list in the travel category . All are available for iPhone and some are available on additional plaforms . Air travel apps Flight Status No matter the airline or the destination , Flight Status allows you to get real-time updates on all aspects of your flight . The travel app provides you with information about delays , expected arrival times and baggage claim numbers . If you 're not the one flying , this app also helps you pick up relatives from the airport at the right time . GateGuru If you 've got a long layover , GateGuru can help you navigate the airport . The app provides a comprehensive listing of airport amenities in 86 locations in the United States . Search within your terminal for the closest gift shop or a certain type of food you 're craving . GateGuru even provides real-time user ratings and reviews . Tripit Do n't fumble with all those pieces of paper -- simply forward all of your travel confirmation e-mails to plans@tripit.com and the Tripit app will organize your trip for you . It even includes maps , directions and links to hotels and restaurants . In addition to iPhone , the app is available for download on Android and BlackBerry . TSAwait Use TSAwait to calculate how much time you 'll spend at security . The app pulls statistics from TSA and shows the average and maximum wait time -- though the averages do change depending on holidays , weather and local events . Still , the app should give you a basic idea about the good and bad times to try to go through security . OnTheFly If you 're a frequent flier during the holidays , OnTheFly can help you search for the best airlines , dates and airports . While you ca n't book a flight through the app , the interface allows for easy navigation to finding the best rate . You can change the search parameters to specify times , cabin class and number of passengers , among other things . This is also great for helping your un-savvy relative find a great deal on airfare . OnTheFly is also available on the Android . Complete coverage on holiday travel Road trip tools Where To ? In a matter of seconds the Where To ? app can direct you to any type of place you 're looking for -- be it a sushi restaurant or a bank branch . The app uses your location to search for close-by destinations and repeatedly reloads new points of interest while you 're moving . Cheap Gas ! Depending on how many times you need to fill up , Cheap Gas ! can save you time and money . The app shows you how to find the cheapest gasoline nearest to your current location , with information provided by Gasbuddy.com . You can sort the gas stations by distance or by price and get directions to the one you choose . Gasbuddy.com also has an app for the Android . AAA Roadside If you 're an AAA member , AAA Roadside lets you contact the company by app and avoid being put on hold . Using your iPhone 's GPS feature , AAA will notify a local technician for the quickest response possible . For less urgent car troubles , the app provides information on nearby AAA Approved Auto Repair shops . SitOrSquat On long drives , you 'll inevitably need to use a public restroom . SitOrSquat helps you find the closest and cleanest bathrooms complete with reviews , ratings and even pictures of the toilets . It also lets you know if and when a restroom is open , which are handicap accessible and which have changing tables and vending machines . The app is also available on the Blackberry and by SMS -- just text the world sitorsquat to DOTCOM and follow the instructions to find the nearest bathroom . Traffic.com Holiday travel means holiday traffic , and the Traffic.com app provides you with real-time traffic flow maps . If the traffic is slow , the app will give you information about accidents , construction , events and weather . Traffic.com also provides calculations to inform you of the severity of your traffic situation . Though the service is n't available everywhere , it does deliver information within a 50-mile radius of most big cities , courtesy of where.com . The app is also available on the Blackberry , through the mobile site mobi.traffic.com , a toll-free traffic hotline  1-888-MY-TRAFFIC  or by SMS .	Some travel apps make holiday travel more enjoyable -- whether in the air or on the road Apps such as GateGuru and TSAwait provide services you can use in the airport Cheap Gas ! and SitOrSquat pinpoint good locations for cheap gas and clean bathrooms
CNN  -- What is President Obama up to ? When it comes to immigration , it 's usually no good . After all , this is the same president who ran for re-election packaged as a kinder and gentler alternative to cold-hearted Republicans who wanted illegal immigrants to "  self deport " while , back at the ranch , the Department of Homeland Security was removing illegal immigrants 24/7 at a record pace . In the 2012 fiscal year that ended September 30 , an unprecedented 409,849 people were deported . This was an increase from the previous year and it occurred despite policy changes -- i.e. , those spelled out in the March 2011 memo by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton urging prosecutorial discretion -- that were supposedly going to limit removals to hardened criminals . In four years , the administration has removed a record 1.5 million illegal immigrants . And while administration officials may insist that many of them were guilty of felonies and thus less sympathetic , they leave out that under current law , a nanny or gardener who is deported and simply re-enters the country is a felon . But there are two bright spots in Obama 's immigration record . Last summer , the White House announced a policy change that lets undocumented young people avoid deportation by applying for deferred action and two-year work permits . And last month , in a much more obscure change , the administration said it would ease requirements to help undocumented immigrants who seek permanent residency and must return to their home countries to do so . These folks currently have to wait up to 10 years outside the United States before being able to legally re-enter . But there is a waiver that gives them permission to return to the United States sooner if their U.S.-based families would suffer an extreme hardship from the separation . Under the change , immigrants can remain in the United States while applying for that waiver . Now Obama wants to go further . According to the New York Times , Obama plans to finally make good on a 2008 campaign promise and push Congress in the next few months to move quickly on comprehensive immigration reform . His plan , which he is expected to unveil in the State of the Union address on February 12 , includes a path to citizenship for most of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the United States . Opinion : Dispel the immigration myths It wo n't be easy . For one thing , there is the politics . As immigration reform advocates have learned over the last 12 years , there is no magic formula . From 2001 to 2007 , Republicans controlled the White House and both houses of Congress ; from 2009 to 2011 , it was Democrats who controlled both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . And either time , nothing got done on immigration . And there is always a deal breaker . In 2005-2007 , the last time that Congress took up this debate , the big obstacle was guest workers . Republicans insisted on language that would have brought in a few hundred thousand guest workers to do jobs that Americans are n't doing . Under pressure from labor unions , Democrats objected . The result was a stalemate . This time , the major sticking point is likely to be citizenship . Democrats , including Obama , have said they wo n't budge on their demand that undocumented immigrants get not just legal status , but also a pathway to citizenship . Naturally . The GOP brand is so toxic with Latino immigrants right now that we could be talking about millions of new Democratic voters , which is precisely why the GOP wo n't go along with immigration reform if a direct path to citizenship is in the mix . As for whether it should be , I do n't think so . Here are three reasons why not : -- Illegal immigrants do n't care about citizenship nearly as much as politicians do . Their concerns are practical , not ideological . They want driver 's licenses , the freedom to go to work without living under the threat of being picked up and deported and the ability to go back and forth between the United States and their home country ; -- As long as Republicans are dead-set against citizenship , we 'll never get a deal on immigration reform because -- unlike the health care debate -- this issue does n't unite Democrats . Many of those in the Midwest and South remain adamantly opposed to legalizing the undocumented . So without Republican votes , it 's back to square one ; and -- U.S. citizenship is something special , and it has great value . It ought not to be bartered away in a round of horse-trading . By all means , those who are legalized should be allowed to become citizens , but only by their own effort and on their own steam . There should not be a roadblock to citizenship , but nether does there need to be a direct pathway . Opinion : Both parties must lead on immigration Politicians always play the same game when it comes to immigration . Democrats ask for the moon and stars , and the Republicans go into orbit . They want away from the table , and Democrats do n't have the votes to do anything without them . So nothing gets done . Each side blames the other . Back to the drawing board . The status quo is preserved . See you in 10 years . But , when that happens , the people who lose are the very ones who many people say they want to help -- those 11 million undocumented immigrants who live in the United States and contribute to our economy . They 're caught in suspended animation , not belonging to one country or another . They deserve a pathway to legal status , and a final resolution to a debate that really is n't as difficult as some make it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Immigration reform on Obama agenda , but deportations are his main record Obama also allowed deferred action for young people ; eased re-entry rules Politics over path to citizenship will stall reform again ; why not take it out of the mix , he says Navarrette : Undocumented immigrants , who help economy , deserve path to legal status
CNN  -- Taking inspiration from the teenage exploits of Michelle Wie , already admired by the most successful player of her generation Annika Sorenstam and with a bucketful of talent , New Zealand 's Lydia Ko has the world of golf at her feet . Still only 17 years of age , Ko is in her rookie season as a professional -- the LPGA waiving their age limit of 18 on account of her talent and maturity -- and duly collected her first tournament win at the Swinging Skirts Classic in California Sunday . It was not her first success at this level , Ko had already claimed the 2012 and 2013 Canadian Open crowns while still an amateur , but it was an important milestone at a $ 1.8 million tournament . The South Korean-born Kiwi carded a final round three-under-par 69 at Lake Merced to hold off Stacey Lewis of the United States by a shot . Not only did she pocket $ 270,000 but the victory has lifted her to number two in the world rankings , just three days after her 17th birthday . Wie fan Wie 's exploits , even before she reached her teenage years , are well-documented and Ko , who first picked up a golf club at just five years of age , quite naturally was a fan . "  I really look up to Michelle , " she told CNN . "  She had a lot of success and attention at a young age . I have been very lucky to spend some time with her on and off the golf course over the last two years and she has been really gracious to me , " she added . Ko 's latest triumph has already lifted her level with Wie for all-time career LPGA Tour wins on three and it 's not hard to predict that there will be many more . Sorenstam , who won 93 events , including 10 majors , is so impressed with Ko that she endorsed the teen phenom for inclusion in Time Magazine 's lists of the most 100 influential people on the planet . She was one of just five from the world of sport , the others gay NBA icon Jason Collins , Super Bowl champion Richard Sherman , tennis ace Serena Williams and FIFA World Player of the Year Cristiano Ronaldo . It is heady company but her inclusion in the Pioneers section is , according to Sorenstam , thoroughly deserved . "  Lydia Ko is exceptionally talented , mature beyond her years and well liked by golf fans and competitors alike , " the Swedish legend wrote in the published citation . "  She is responsible for sparking increased interest in our sport not just in her native South Korea and adopted homeland of New Zealand but also among juniors across the globe . Fantastic job "  Her early , record-breaking success brings with it incredible pressure â $ " and she 's doing a fantastic job handling the many responsibilities that accompany stardom . " Quite a compliment and Ko admitted that Sorenstam and another retired former world number one Lorena Ochoa were her idols as she honed her game . "  For a long time , I looked up to Annika and Lorena . They did so much for the game and I hope one day I can be remembered like them , " she told CNN . To be mentioned in the same breath , Ko will have to claim her share of golf 's majors and came close to claiming her first when runner-up in the Evian Championship in France last year . Few have any doubt that it is only a matter of time and Ko is prepared to be patient in her quest . "  I think it 's important not to put too much pressure on myself at the majors , though , and continue to approach them in the same manner I always have . "  Last year , aside from Evian , I came away from the majors feeling a bit disappointed so there is definitely room for improvement , " she said . Ko was coached from the start by New Zealander Guy Wilson , only ending her full-time association with him because of the need for full-time help while playing a full schedule on the LPGA Tour . Historic wins She won her first professional golf event -- a tournament on her home circuit while still 14 and the following year became the youngest winner of an LPGA Tour event when she won in Canada aged just 15 years and four months . It broke the record set by American Lexi Thompson , but the winners check for $ 300,000 went to South Korean runner-up Inbee Park because Ko was still an amateur . Inbee Park also trailed Ko in fourth place at this weekend 's tournament but is now the only player ahead of her in the world rankings . Park is only 25 years old and has held the number one status for a year , surely to come under challenge from Ko , who was born in Seoul before her parents emigrated to New Zealand while she was a toddler . Sporting stars are getting ever younger and Ko admits that getting to the top at such a tender age has not been without sacrifices . "  Golf has been my number one priority from a young age so I have certainly missed out on some things back home , " she said . Missing friends "  I do enjoy spending time with my friends and I miss them when I am gone . I keep in touch with them over Facebook and we hang out when I am home . " She is hoping her own incredible exploits will encourage others to follow in her footsteps . "  On a global stage , particularly in women 's golf , the game is really growing and I think many more girls are exposed to golf at a younger age . "  I just hope I can be a small inspiration to girls in New Zealand and elsewhere . " That much is certainly assured but Ko 's level-headed and mature approach is what has so impressed the likes of Sorenstam and other expert observers . "  I have been very fortunate to achieve success at a young age in golf . I realize how lucky I am to pursue the game I love . "  From a young age , I have had very high expectations of myself on the golf course and while I am proud of the success I have achieved , I know I have a long way to go , " she said . Hall of Famer Sorenstam sums it up succinctly . "  She 's leading golf 's youth movement . "	Lydia Ko wins first LPGA Tour event as a professional 17-year-old had won Canadian Open twice as an amateur Ko claims inspiration for original golfing teen Michelle Wie Annika Sorenstam nominates her for Time Magazone 's 100 most influential people
CNN  -- The scourge of racism within football has reared its head once again , with Inter Milan charged by UEFA over "  racist behavior " of its supporters during last week 's Europe League contest against Tottenham Hotspur . The Italian club has also been charged with "  insufficient organization " and "  throwing of missiles and/or fireworks . " Inter supporters are alleged to have taunted the English team 's Togolese striker Emmanuel Adebayor and other black players with monkey chants -- actions which were reported to European soccer 's ruling body by the match delegate . The case will be heard on April 19 . Inter won the match 4-1 but was eliminated from Europe 's second-tier competition on the away goals rule with the aggregate score tied at 4-4 . Last month , Inter was fined $ 65,500 by the Italian football authorities after its fans were found guilty of racially abusing former players Mario Balotelli and Sulley Muntari , who now play for rival AC Milan . The club was also fined $ 22,700 after fans sang racist chants about Balotelli during a Serie A game against Chievo . Fellow Italian club Lazio was hit with a $ 52,000 fine last month by UEFA for several offenses , including a fourth charge of racist behavior this season . Lazio had already been fined a total of $ 230,000 for racist abuse and other fan offenses during two group-stage matches with Tottenham and another against Slovenia 's Maribor . In January , the president of football 's world governing body FIFA insisted that a more hard-line approach should be taken in dealing with racism . Sepp Blatter advocated punishments such as point deductions and relegation for clubs found guilty . "  It is not enough to give a fine , " he told FIFA 's website . "  Playing a game without spectators is one of the possible sanctions , but the best would be the deduction of points and the relegation of a team , because finally the club is responsible for their spectators . " Since AC Milan forward Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch in a friendly match in January following racist abuse , both FIFA and UEFA have faced criticism over their reactions to such incidents . Blatter 's stance has changed in recent months given that just two years ago he said racism did not exist in football and that any problems could be solved with a handshake . But the 77-year-old , who has spent the past 15 years in charge of FIFA , has changed his view following a number of recent unsavory incidents . He will be meeting Boateng at FIFA headquarters in Zurich this Friday to discuss the problem of racism in football . "  It is a phenomena where football is a victim of our society , " Blatter said in January . "  Discrimination and racism is everywhere in our society . We in football can not be made responsible for what happens in our society . "  It is now up to us to take the adequate steps . What I feel we should do is give instructions to our national associations and the confederations -- specifically to the disciplinary committees -- to be very strong . "	Inter Milan charged with "  racist behavior " by European soccer 's ruling body Investigation follows allegations that Inter fans racially abused Tottenham players Italian club recently fined by its domestic authorities following racist chanting FIFA president to meet Milan 's Kevin Prince-Boateng to discuss racism Friday
CNN  -- We may finally be able to put this whole "  twerking " thing to rest . Though it 's been around for years , it was n't firmly a part of the Zeitgeist until Miley Cyrus unleashed it upon the world . So we can probably thank Cyrus for a video of 68-year-old Helen Mirren twerking . Yes , you read that right . Dame Helen Mirren , Oscar winner , star of stage and screen and one of the most venerable actresses of our time , apparently does n't mind dropping it like it 's hot . On Thursday , Mirren was honored at Harvard University with the Hasty Pudding Woman of the Year award . The Hasty Pudding group is the oldest undergraduate drama troupe in the U.S. Every year , it salutes -- and mocks -- performers who have made a lasting and impressive contribution to the entertainment industry . During the ceremonies to honor her , Mirren was presented with the task of twerking , and so she did . She later admitted that it was not her first twerk . "  I 've tried in my bedroom in private in front of the mirror , very unsuccessfully , " she said . "  Absolutely humiliating to have to do it in public in front of a whole load of people . " Twerk on , Helen Mirren . Twerk on .	Mirren twerked while receiving an award The actress was honored by Harvard 's Tasty Pudding drama group She admits she 's twerked before
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton believes his chances of ending Sebastian Vettel 's grip on the world championship will be greatly improved when Formula 1 's new rules come into force next season . Some of the most significant changes will involve the engines , with cars having to switch from their current 2.4-liter engines to a 1.6-liter turbocharged V6 engine . There will also be adjustments to both aerodynamics and energy systems , and Hamilton is relishing the potential consequences . "  I 'm really excited about next year , " the 2008 world champion told CNN World Sport . "  We have new rules , new engines and the cars are going to be a lot different . We 're hoping it will make the playing field more level and that it gives us the chance to race . "  I just want to race and have a chance to fight for the championship . " In his first season with Mercedes , Hamilton lies fourth in the drivers ' standings , trailing recently-crowned champion Vettel by 172 points with just two races of the season left . Yet the Briton has the chance to help his team finish second in the constructors ' world championship , even if Mercedes still have plenty to do in both Austin and Interlagos with Ferrari and Lotus hot on their heels . The 334-point tally of Hamilton and teammate Nico Rosberg is just 11 more than Ferrari , while Lotus are also a threat with 297 points . Wherever Mercedes do finish , Hamilton will consider it a major improvement on last year when the team finished fifth in the constructors ' standings , trailing fourth-placed Lotus by a wide margin . "  I really want to help this team finish second in the constructors ' championship , " explained a driver who left McLaren to sign a three-year deal with Mercedes in September 2012 . "  We 've had some tough races this season but we are growing race by race . We have achieved something just incredible this year , to go from where the team was n't really so successful last year to becoming the ones that are competing with Ferrari and Red Bull . "  What motivates me is the chance to be world champion again in future -- and I know I have to put the work in now for what will hopefully be future success . " So will the Mercedes mechanics who face an anxious start to the season , as all the teams will , given the potential for early reliability problems because of the new rules . In addition to the introduction of a new powertrain , further changes include narrower front wings , a reduction in nose height and the prohibiting of exhaust blowing . Nonetheless , a belief exists within Hamilton that an initial year of learning can help both team and driver next season , so giving him a platform to build on his solitary win -- in Hungary -- in 2013 . "  There 's every chance that Red Bull will have just as competitive a car next year as this , but what I 'm really confident in is the guys who are building my car , " the 28-year-old rallied . "  They have done such a great job with this year 's car , and I just feel like we 've really built a foundation this year which we can use next year to put ourselves in a position to fight with them . "  Going into my second year , hopefully I 'll really have my thumbprint on the new car so it 'll be a little more comfortable for me to drive . "	Lewis Hamilton is relishing the new rules that will kick in with the 2014 season Former world champion desperate for chance to compete for the title again Briton targets second place in 2013 constructors ' championship for Mercedes
Djerba , Tunisia  CNN  -- Four more U.S. military flights were headed to Cairo from Tunisia on Sunday , evacuating Egyptians fleeing the Libyan conflict , a U.S. official said . One flight left early Sunday and three others will do so by Sunday afternoon , said Adam Lefringhouse , a defense attache at the U.S. Embassy in Tunis . On Saturday , U.S. military planes carried out similar evacuations , returning passengers to Egypt . There are a few thousand Egyptians left in Tunisia awaiting evacuation after more than 40,000 were taken home , said Firas Kayal , a spokesman for the United Nations refugee agency , on Saturday . Many countries , such as India and China , put in place well-organized evacuation operations for their citizens . But others , including Egyptians and Bangladeshis , have been left to fend for themselves . Kayal said Saturday more than 10,000 Bangladeshis are awaiting transport in Tunisia . Many of them have had to walk to the border because their money was stolen by soldiers and they could not pay for transportation costs . One man suffered a heart attack and died , aid officials confirmed . On Sunday , the British government said it will provide emergency evacuation flights to repatriate 500 stranded Bangladeshis . Three commercial charter planes will take the Bangladeshis home from Djerba airport later Sunday , the British government said . "  I have seen for myself the scale of the humanitarian situation on the Libyan border with Tunisia , " said Andrew Mitchell , the International Development Secretary . "  I vowed that we would do everything possible to give those stranded shelter and get them back home as quickly as possible . " Meanwhile , three people died and 14 were missing when they tried to get off a ship headed from Libya 's capital , Tripoli , to Crete , the Greek Ministry for the Protection of Civilians said Sunday . The ship was carrying about 1,280 passengers , mostly Bangladeshis . "  From the evidence gathered so far , it appears the passengers were trying to disembark the ` Ionian King '  Cypriot flag  using a rope , " the ministry said in a statement . The violence in Libya has generated an exodus out of the North African nation . Almost 200,000 people , a majority of them foreign workers , have fled Libya -- nearly 100,000 to Tunisia and a similar number to Egypt -- according to the office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees . The numbers of people entering Tunisia daily from Libya dropped to 1,800 Thursday and Friday and stood at 3,000 Saturday . Previously , they averaged 10,000 to 15,000 people . Hovig Etyemezian , a field officer for the U.N. refugee agency , attributed the drop in part to fear and the manipulation of the flow of refugees by Libyan authorities . "  A lot of them were scared from leaving because of the fighting so they were staying in their houses , " he said Saturday . "  We fear the regime might be blocking refugees from the border . " The U.S. State Department said Saturday it would donate $ 3 million to the International Organization for Migration  IOM  as part of a joint U.S.-IOM partnership to help get home thousands of Egyptians and other nationals from Africa , South Asia and Southeast Asia . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report	Many countries have well-organized evacuation operations But some nationals , such as Bangladeshis , have been forced to fend for themselves The British government says it will repatriate 500 Bangladeshis Ministry : Three people die and 14 are missing from a ship headed to Crete from Tripoli
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department discussed plans to transport non-U.S. citizens infected with Ebola to the United States for medical treatment , but decided to shelve the proposal and insists it was never considered at senior levels . But Congressional Republicans are seizing on an internal State Department memo outlining a possible joint State-Homeland Security department program to provide Ebola care at U.S. hospitals for non-Americans . They say the memo is evidence the Administration was working on a new plan but was n't being transparent about it . The memo , obtained by CNN , is labeled "  SENSITIVE BUT UNCLASSIFIED - PREDECISIONAL " and drafted by State Department officials . It recommends that the two federal agencies come up with a system to admit into the United States non-citizens "  as long as they are otherwise eligible for medical evacuation from the Ebola affected countries and for entry in the United States . " It outlines the steps the U.S. government would need to take to contract with a commercial aviation company that specializes in bio containment . It also mentions other non-governmental agencies the U.S. is working with to assist with medevacing health care workers out of West Africa to European countries . Why U.S. Ebola patients seem to be recovering faster In one section the memo says the U.S. has "  an obligation to assist non-citizen employees and contractors of U.S. agencies and programs , as well as NGOs and private firms based in the U.S. " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki dismissed the memo on Wednesday as drafted by a "  mid-level official , but not cleared by senior leaders . " Saying there are "  no plans " to transport non-Americans who contract Ebola in West Africa to the United States , Psaki said the U.S. has "  discussed allowing other countries to use our medevac capabilities to evacuate their own citizens to their home countries or third countries , subject to reimbursement and availability . But we 're not contemplating bringing them back to the United States for treatment . " House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte wrote a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson last week asking if the Administration was developing any plans related to non-U.S. citizens , but complained on Wednesday he has n't received a response yet . On Wednesday he issued a written statement about the "  leaked memo , " suggesting the Administration was trying to hide something . "  It 's alarming that senior Obama Administration officials so vehemently denied the existence of any plans to transport non-U.S. citizens infected with Ebola to the United States for treatment when a leaked State Department document shows that such a proposal indeed exists and was approved by Obama Administration officials , " Goodlatte said . Obama hits governors for ` hiding under the covers ' from Ebola But Psaki said the proposal never reached senior officials for their approval . The copy of the memo obtained by CNN does not include the final page that would show specifically which officials from the State Department signed off on the plan . Iowa Republican Senator Chuck Grassley also cited the memo as counter to the Administration 's emphasis that stopping the spread of the virus means focusing on the source in West Africa . "  The Obama administration memo describing possible efforts to skirt the immigration laws and fast track the admission of people with Ebola fails to consider the risk to Americans and adds to the absurd refusal of the President to institute common sense travel restrictions that would better protect the homeland . " Complete coverage on Ebola	Republicans say a draft State Department memo shows the government could import foreign Ebola patients The State Department said the memo was just for planning
CNN  -- Do n't be confused , Las Vegas . You did not wake up in a fraternity house . You are not still in college . Those celluloid-ball-throwing , beer-chugging patrons invading the Flamingo Hotel and Casino are not trying to scare you . They are probably just members of Seek and Destroy -- Wednesday night 's winners of the annual World Series of Beer Pong . Matt White and Ross Hampton came out on top after 22 games to take home the $ 50,000 prize , money that the recent Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville graduates will certainly be able to use . "  It 'll get me by for now , " Hampton said after the win . He said the secret to his team 's success in the tournament was "  staying sober to play well consistently . " Not always an easy task in a game with "  beer " in it name . Beer pong , or Beirut as it is called on many college campuses , is played with two teams standing at opposite ends of a table . At each end of the table , ten 16-ounce cups , filled with roughly 4 ounces of beer or another liquid , are placed in a bowling-pin formation . Each team takes turns tossing beer pong balls  similar to table tennis balls  at their opponent 's cup formation . If a ball goes into a cup , the cup is removed from the game , and its contents are usually imbibed by the opponent . The first team to knock out all of their opponent 's cups wins . White and Hampton learned to play beer pong the same place most people do -- in college . It was n't until recently that the two started playing competitively and realized they were actually pretty good . Their move from casual beer pong players to tournament competitors mimics that of National Beer Pong League co-founder Duncan Carroll 's decision to establish a competitive beer pong league . But he insists he and his business partners were n't the first ones to think of organizing it . "  We 're just the only people to actually carry it out , " he said , laughing . The world series , in its seventh and largest year , has drawn more than 1,000 players  450 teams  from 48 U.S. states and 14 countries . Organization of a sport which for many college students is nothing more than a mindless drinking game may sound a little far-fetched , but Carroll said it actually came quite easily to him and his college buddies , all members of the Carnegie Mellon swim team in the late 1990s . "  We played a ton of beer pong , " he said . Despite the popularity of the game on his campus and others , Carroll said there was never really any way to measure a player 's skill level . "  There were no organized tournaments , " Carroll said , "  We figured a lot of people thought they were pretty good , but might wonder , ` How good am I really ? ' " After graduating from college with a history degree , Carroll said , his desire to become an entrepreneur paired with the game 's widespread popularity made for a perfect fit for the formation of a National Beer Pong League . The league established rules for the game , a regulation-size beer pong table , as well as a national ranking system similar to that for chess . Competitors can move up and down in the rankings based on the ranking of those they beat . No surprise to Carroll , his friends think his job is "  pretty cool , " but overcoming stereotypes about the game has proved to be one of his greatest challenges . "  People who did n't play beer pong in college do n't really get it , " he said . "  It 's tricky trying to convince them it 's something that people take seriously . " Even his own parents have mixed emotions . "  My dad loves it , " Carroll said . "  My mom thinks it 's debauchery . " Carroll said the tournament attracts a "  mixed bag " of people who all "  happen to be good at beer pong . " The National Beer Pong League 's latest development is an app for the Android smart phone that he says will bring competitive beer pong to even larger crowds . The most casual backyard beer pong player can log on and track their wins on the league 's website . At the end of the day , Carroll said , "  It 's really just a sport that happens to involve alcohol . "	Matt White and Ross Hampton win 22 games to take home the prize The college sport is stepping into the big time The World Series of Beer Pong is an international event
CNN  -- Arriving in New York City at the age of 19 to study music , Hafez Nazeri knew he wanted to do big things . Now , little more than a decade later , the young Iranian classical composer is riding high with a chart-topping album featuring 38 Grammy Award-winning musicians . "  I left Iran with the hope of maybe one day creating music that can connect with the entire world , music that can show another dimension of my culture , and my history , " Nazeri says . "  I came to New York with the hopes of integrating two cultures , and creating a new product that is no longer Eastern or Western . " It appears he is well on his way to accomplishing that goal . Nazeri 's debut album , "  Untold : The Rumi Symphony Project , " hit number one twice on Billboard 's Classical chart -- a first for an Iranian musician . "  To be number one , this means the world is now listening , " Nazeri says . "  It is an amazing honor for me , but I feel like it 's not about me alone . The success is for Iran , not for me . " Growing up in Iran , Nazeri says he was fortunate enough to be part of a family with strong musical roots . "  I had the opportunity to grow up in a house which was sort of the center for all the great musicians , poets and philosophers , and musical instruments were my toys , " he says . Nazeri 's father Shahram Nazeri , who also performs on the album with his son , is one of Iran 's most beloved and famous classical singers , and Nazeri says , one of his greatest teachers . "  My father , the tone of his voice , the style of his singing is unique . He broke a lot of Persian classical singing rules and he created his own style by incorporating Rumi 's poetry in Persian classical music for the first time 40 years ago . " Rumi , is Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi , the 13th century Sufi mystic , poet and philosopher , whose works have been translated into many of the world 's languages and whose influence has transcended ethnic and geographical boundaries . Much of Rumi 's poetry focuses on love -- more specifically love for the Divine . And for Nazeri , like his father before him , that love finds a perfect home in musical expression . "  I think music is the sound of God , the sound of the universe for me . Music also has the power to go inside the heart . If you really hear music , " says Nazeri . "  No matter what it is , if it touches you , you will love it , no matter what background you are from , or what religion you practice . " "  One of my ultimate goals , " he says , " is to make sure that one day Rumi is as popular as Shakespeare . " And his album is merely the beginning , Nazeri says . Following in his father 's footsteps , he brings not only the essence of Persian culture -- but also Rumi 's message to an even wider audience than ever before . "  I want to create a revolution with music , " the young musician says , "  with love rather than hate , or chaos and bloodshed . " "  There is another more powerful force in this universe , " he continues , "  and that force is love , and it 's music . And I would love for that message to be the sound of us in this modern time . "	Iranian musician Hafez Nazeri creates music that crosses cultures Latest album has contributions from 38 Grammy Award winners Album draws on ancient Persian poetry by Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi ' I want to create a revolution with love , ' says Nazeri
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Madame Tussauds unveiled a wax figure of Michael Jackson on Thursday , showing the late entertainer in a pose from the concerts he had planned to hold this month . The new waxwork of Michael Jackson -- only Queen Elizabeth II has been portrayed more times by Madame Tussauds . Sculptors at the wax museum started working on the figure four months ago . They had intended to display it this month , to coincide with the start of Jackson 's "  This is It " comeback tour in London . The new figure is modeled on a Jackson pose from the concert poster , the museum said . It shows him "  arms outstretched , pelvis thrusting and tip-toed , with his trademark trilby angled forward , " the museum said . It is the 13th Jackson waxwork by Madame Tussauds , the museum said . Only Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II -- who has been on the throne for almost 60 years -- has been portrayed more often . "  It is extremely unusual for a personality to have been portrayed so many times , " said Madame Tussauds spokeswoman Liz Edwards . "  But Michael Jackson was totally unique and his iconic status made him one of the most popular stars here . " The London museum has two other Jackson waxworks -- one in a pose from "  Thriller " and another from his "  Dangerous " album . The other 10 Jackson waxworks are in other Madame Tussauds museums around the world . The museum said it decided to proceed with the figure after Jackson 's death last month "  as a tribute to one of the greatest musicians of all time and to celebrate his amazing 40-year career . "	Waxwork is the 13th of Jackson unveiled by the London tourist attraction Model had been commissioned before singer 's death to coincide with London concerts Only Queen Elizabeth II has been portrayed more often by the museum
As chairman and CEO of DuPont since 1999 , Charles  Chad  Holliday is the 18th executive to lead the company in the past two centuries since it was founded . Charles  Chad  Holliday , CEO of DuPont since 1999 After receiving a Bachelor of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from the University of Tennessee , he joined DuPont as an intern engineer in the summer of 1970 at DuPont 's Old Hickory site . In 2004 , Holliday was elected a member of the National Academy of Engineering and became chairman of the Business Roundtable 's Task Force for Environment , Technology and Economy . He is also past chairman of the World Business Council for Sustainable Development  WBCSD  , The Business Council and the Society of Chemical Industry -- American Section . While chairman of the WBCSD , Holliday co-authored the book "  Walking the Talk , " which details the business case for sustainable development and corporate responsibility . Today , Chad Holliday is chair of the Board of Directors of Catalyst , chairman of the U.S. Council on Competitiveness and a founding member of the International Business Council . Under Holliday 's executive direction , DuPont established the mission to achieve sustainable growth by increasing shareholder and societal value while decreasing the company 's environmental footprint . As a result , DuPont has moved from being a chemical company to being a science-based products and services company . dupont.com	DuPont 's CEO joined company at Old Hickory site in Texas as engineer in 1970 He co-authored book on sustainable development and corporate responsibility Has moved DuPont from chemicals to science-based products and services
A billionaire who jointly controls Asia 's biggest property development company and a former No. 2 official of Hong Kong were found guilty of conspiracy to commit misconduct in the city 's biggest corruption trial . The tycoon , Thomas Kwok along with his younger brother , Raymond Kwok were accused of bribing Rafael Hui , the government official , in offenses spanning nearly a decade . The Kwok brothers , who rank 86th on the 2014 Forbes list of the world 's richest people , are co-chairs of the developer giant Sun Hung Kai , which is responsible for many of Hong Kong 's most iconic skyscrapers . The main question during their trial was whether the brothers had bought the allegiance of Hui , Hong Kong 's former chief secretary . After five days of deliberation , a Hong Kong High Court jury found the older Kwok guilty of bribing Hui between 2005 and 2007 . Immediately after the verdict , Thomas Kwok resigned from his position at Sun Hung Kai , and his son , Adam Kwok was named the company 's next executive director . Meanwhile , his younger brother , Raymond Kwok was cleared of all charges . Hui is the highest-ranking former official to face trial in Hong Kong . The court looked into whether Hui received monetary and housing benefits worth at least $ 4.3 million from the Kwoks in return for government decisions favorable to the company . The charges related to accepting rent-free apartments , unsecured loans and a consultancy agreement with the property company . The jury found him guilty on three counts of misconduct in a public office , conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office and conspiracy to offer an advantage to a public servant . The jury also found Thomas Chan , who was responsible for land acquisition at the company and Francis Kwan , a former Hong Kong Stock Exchange official , guilty for making a series of payments to Hui . The sentencing hearing for the four who were convicted will be held Monday . Raymond Kwok was released from custody after his arrest in 2012 . As he left the court , Kwok said he had mixed feelings that he was free , but his brother had been found guilty . The case caused a media frenzy in the city , where real estate is a local obsession . Sun Hung Kai , which helped to build some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline , contributed to the Kwok brothers ' estimated $ 18.3 billion fortune . Hong Kong , a special administrative region of China , is considered to be one of the world 's least corrupt territories . According to Transparency International 's 2013 Corruptions Perceptions Index , Hong Kong is the 15th least corrupt territory in the world -- with the United States , by comparison , ranked 19th .	Property tycoon Thomas Kwok found guilty on misconduct charge His brother , also co-chair of famous Hong Kong property company cleared of all charges Their company , Sun Hung Kai , built some of the tallest buildings in the city 's celebrated skyline Former Hong Kong government official convicted on several counts of misconduct in public office
Gannett  -- Obsidian Entertainment 's "  Alpha Protocol " looked promising in concept and presentation , especially with the slickly produced trailers posted to YouTube . But it fell short due to a subpar shooting and cover system , anything-but-intelligent artificial intelligence and outdated graphics . It 's too bad , really , because underneath it all is an interesting espionage , role-playing game -- one in which consequences are tied to your actions . But it 's difficult to get past the game 's shortcomings . "  Alpha Protocol " is a suspense thriller in which you play as a young operative named Michael Thornton , part of a top secret U.S. agency known as Alpha Protocol . Thornton must traverse the globe and execute dangerous missions . But how you go about tackling a major conspiracy -- whose participants include fanatical terrorists , corrupt politicians and ruthless businessmen -- is up to you . For example , you can choose to be stealthy and hide in the shadows , enter each scene with guns blazing or use persuasion to achieve your goals . At the start of the game , you can choose what kind of an agent you want to be : Soldier  heavy weapon use  , Field Agent  stealthier spy  , Tech Specialist  good hacker  , Freelancer  customize your starting skills  or the challenging Recruit option , who has no starting skills and little equipment . Then , as you progress through the missions , you can upgrade your skills by applying XP -- or "  experience points " -- in nine skill areas . These include martial arts , stealth , pistol use , sabotage or technical aptitude , just to name a few . Many of the situations in this third-person adventure have a time limit , too , which some players will love and others will loathe . Sure , it adds thrill to the task at hand , but it can be frustrating when you run out of time quickly , such as in some of the puzzle-based mini-games that require a lot of repetition to successfully complete . Conversations are often timed , too , so you 'll need to press a button on the controller to respond in a certain way . There are no bad choices , but choosing to be suave over aggressive , or vice versa , might help you get what you want easier , depending on whom you 're talking to . Problems with "  Alpha Protocol " include inaccuracies in aiming  the enemy can be square in your crosshairs , yet you somehow miss when you fire  ; glitches when taking cover behind objects  Michael 's body gyrates when he gets too close to a corner  ; a camera system that proves more frustrating than helpful ; enemies who just stand there and wait to be shot ; and graphics that look a few years out of date  though some of the locations are well-designed , including memorable levels in Saudi Arabia , Russia and Taiwan  . With more time and polish , "  Alpha Protocol " could have been one of the more interesting summer blockbusters , but its numerous flaws dampen the overall experience . That said , those looking forward to buying this single-player game might consider renting it for the weekend .	Game has subpar shooting and outdated graphics But at base , "  Alpha Protocol " is interesting espionage role-playing game Problems include inaccuracies in aiming , glitches when taking cover Reviewer gives the game 2.5 of 4 stars
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Embattled Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi flatly denied Monday the existence of the protests threatening to end his 41-year rule , as reports of fighting between government forces and rebels raged another day . In a joint interview with ABC News ' Christiane Amanpour and the BBC , Gadhafi also denied using force against his people , Amanpour reported . Excerpts of the interview were posted on the networks ' websites . "  No demonstration at all in the streets , " he said , speaking at a restaurant in Tripoli . Told by the BBC 's Jeremy Bowen that he had seen demonstrators in the streets that morning , Gadhafi asked , "  Are they supporting us ? " "  They love me , all my people with me , they love me all . They will die to protect me , my people , " he said . Government forces have repeatedly clashed with demonstrators over the past two weeks in Libya , fired on crowds and at times shot indiscriminately at people in the streets , numerous witnesses have told CNN . The death toll has topped 1,000 , according to an estimate from U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Soon after Gadhafi 's interview , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice said the Libyan strongman sounded "  delusional . " "  And when he can laugh in talking to American and international journalists while he is slaughtering his own people , it only underscores how unfit he is to lead and how disconnected he is from reality , " she said . Gadhafi 's regime has lost control of parts of the country to rebel forces , and with each passing day more Libyan officials around the world have defected , joining calls for his ouster . The use of the term "  rebel " to describe the anti-government forces is apt , said Kurt Volker , former U.S. ambassador to NATO and now a senior fellow at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Forces . "  In Egypt , you did n't have a force that was developed ; you had protesters who were demonstrating against the government and the government relented , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  Here , you actually have a government that retains force at its disposal and you have demonstrators joined by elements of the military that have forces at their disposal . So it really has become an armed rebellion . " Even as Gadhafi sought to project confidence Monday , reports came in that a military jet bombed a military base in an area controlled by rebel forces . The base is near Ajdabiya , 90 miles south of Benghazi , a stronghold of government opponents . Some bases in the area have fallen into the hands of protesters as more members of the military have abandoned Gadhafi 's regime and joined demonstrations . Several soldiers told CNN they switched their allegiance after refusing to use weapons against peaceful demonstrators . CNN saw the military jet fly overhead and heard the sounds of explosions . Witnesses reported a bombing at the base . But Libyan state television later denied any such bombing had occurred . The Temporary General Committee for Defense said reports that the Libyan air force conducted strikes on the ammunition depots in the cities of Ajdabiya and Rajima were false , state TV reported . While CNN has staff in some cities , the network can not independently confirm reports for many areas in Libya . CNN has gathered information through telephone interviews with witnesses . Pro-Gadhafi forces also tried to attack a radio station in Misrata , a city controlled by protesters , a witness said . A military chopper with soldiers on board has tried to land a couple of times over the past three days , but the opposition fired at the soldiers and kept them away , the witness said . The international community , meanwhile , launched new efforts Monday to pressure Gadhafi to halt the violence . "  He has lost his legitimacy when he declared war on his people , " Secretary-General Ban said about embattled Libyan leader , urging him to heed the call of his people . Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan said the United States is "  repositioning " naval and air forces in the region to be prepared for any option that it may need to exercise . He would not comment on whether any ground forces are being put on alert or having leaves cancelled because of Libya . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said at a meeting in Geneva , Switzerland , of the U.N. Human Rights Council that the United States is exploring "  all possible options , " and that "  nothing is off the table so long as the Libyan government continues to threaten and kill Libyan citizens . " "  Colonel Gadhafi and those around him must be held accountable for these acts , which violate international legal obligations and common decency . Through their actions , they have lost the legitimacy to govern . And the people of Libya have made themselves clear : It is time for Gadhafi to go , now , without further violence or delay , " she said . Asked at a news conference whether the U.S. planned an imminent military response , Clinton said , "  No . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Monday that "  exile is certainly one option " for Gadhafi . Carney also said the U.S. government is considering the possibility of imposing a no-fly zone over Libya . Also Monday , the United States became the latest country to announce it had frozen Gadhafi-related assets . The U.S. government froze at least $ 30 billion in Libyan government assets under U.S jurisdiction after enacting sanctions on Friday , a Treasury official said . It marked the largest amount ever blocked under a sanctions program , according to Acting Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David Cohen . In Tripoli , protesters stayed off the streets , telling CNN they feared violence . Government officials spread word that thousands of people could die if the popular uprising continues . On the 14th day of protests , there appeared to be a stalemate . Some in Tripoli told CNN they feared their protest movement was losing momentum . But around the world , support for the protests was growing . Yet another prominent Libyan official , the country 's ambassador to South Africa , added his voice to the calls for Gadhafi to end his nearly 42-year grip on power . Gadhafi "  should take the ultimate decision to step down in the interest of Libya , " Abdullah Alzubedi told reporters in Pretoria . The European Union 's high representative for foreign affairs , Catherine Ashton , said the U.N. Human Rights Council "  has a grave responsibility to ensure that our often-stated intentions are translated into real actions and real progress . " Speaking at the meeting in Geneva , Ashton said , "  What matters in the end is not the number of resolutions passed but results in the real world . " In an interview with CNN , Ashton said stopping the violence means trying "  to persuade the people concerned that they will be held to account , that there will be the International Criminal Court , that we will stop their assets being moved , that we will hold them to account for their actions . That 's what we do as an international community . That 's what we have to make clear . And there 's no doubt in my mind that actually they do listen to what 's being said . " The U.N. Security Council over the weekend voted for tough restrictions and possible war crimes charges against the Libyan regime . The Security Council measures -- which include an arms embargo , an asset freeze and travel bans for Gadhafi and members of his family and associates -- also referred the situation unfolding in Libya to the International Criminal Court . On Sunday , Gadhafi criticized the Security Council resolution , telling private Serbian station Pink TV by phone that council members "  took a decision based on media reports that are based abroad . " He added , "  If the Security Council wants to know about something , they should have sent a fact-finding committee . " The protests , which began February 15 , have been fueled largely by people demanding freedom and decrying high unemployment . As the 68-year-old Gadhafi has appeared increasingly cornered , some Libyan officials have begun to discuss openly what a post-Gadhafi Libyan government would look like . Over the weekend , Libya 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations , Ibrahim Dabbashi , indicated he and fellow diplomats support "  in principle " a caretaker administration under the direction of former Justice Minister Mustafa Abdul Jalil . Jalil quit February 21 to protest the "  bloody situation " and "  use of excessive force " against unarmed protesters , according to Libyan newspaper Quryna . Dabbashi told CNN Monday that Gadhafi has asked for a change in Libya 's U.N. representation , though the diplomat vowed to stay on to represent the people . About 100,000 people have fled Libya to Tunisia or Egypt in roughly the past week , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees said Sunday , citing reports from the Tunisian and Egyptian governments . The evacuees include Tunisians , Egyptians , Libyans and many from Asian countries . Tunisia and Egypt are the two countries that have seen their leaders overthrown in the wave of protests that has swept through the Arab world over the past several weeks . Tunisians on the border with Libya waved pre-Gadhafi-era Libyan flags in support of the opposition . The Tunisian army , charities and ordinary Tunisians were trying to help Libyans on the border . Refugees said Tunisians were offering them food , water and the use of phones . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Nkepile Mabuse , Eve Bower , Ben Wedeman , Salma Abdelaziz , Talia Kayali , Richard Roth , Tom Watkins , Jack Maddox and Whitney Hurst contributed to this report	NEW : U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations says Gadhafi is "  slaughtering his own people " Gadhafi denies there have been protests and use of force U.S. Secretary of State Clinton : Libyans have made clear Gadhafi must go Protesters in Tripoli say they fear demonstrating will bring violence
CNN  -- On a day when opposition forces in Libya suffered battlefield losses , President Barack Obama made clear in interviews Tuesday with the three major U.S. television networks that he was open to arming the rebel fighters . "  I 'm not ruling it out , but I 'm also not ruling it in , " Obama told NBC in one of the separate interviews he gave the day after a nationally televised speech on the Libya situation . "  I think it 's fair to say that if we wanted to get weapons into Libya , we probably could , " Obama told ABC . "  We 're looking at all our options at this point . " The president also signaled a willingness to negotiate a settlement to the conflict with Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , but only based on the condition that Gadhafi would relinquish power as called for by the United States and its allies . Asked about the chances of Gadhafi fleeing or losing vital support from his family and top aides , Obama said that he believes those close to the Libyan leader likely feel what he called a tightening noose . "  I think that Gadhafi 's camp , people around him , are starting to recognize that their options are limited and their days are numbered , and so they are probably reaching out to a range of different people , " Obama told CBS . "  But that information may not have filtered to Gadhafi yet and I think it 's too early for us to start having formal negotiations . " Gadhafi "  knows exactly what he needs to do to stop the constant bombardment that he 's under , and it may at some point shift to him to figuring out how to negotiate an exit , but I do n't think we 're at that point yet , " Obama continued on CBS . On ABC , the president said that "  the first step is for Gadhafi to send a signal that he understands the Libyan people do n't want him ruling anymore , that 40 years of tyranny is enough . " "  Once he makes that decision , I think the international community will come together and make a determination as to what the most appropriate way of facilitating him stepping down will be , " Obama said . The interviews continued the determined tone of Obama 's Monday night speech , which detailed the strategic and moral reasons for committing U.S. troops to the Libyan mission while also promising the U.S. role would be limited in time and scope . Initially led by U.S. forces due to their "  unique capabilities " for taking out Libya 's anti-aircraft and communications stations to establish a no-fly zone , the mission shifts to NATO control this week so allied nations share the responsibility and costs , Obama said . He pointed out to CBS that coalition airstrikes on Gadhafi forces threatening civilian populations "  will continue for some time " despite the transfer in mission leadership . "  One of the questions that we want to answer is , do we start getting to a stage where Gadhafi 's forces are sufficiently degraded , where it may not be necessary to arm opposition groups ? " Obama said on CBS .	The president gives interviews to all three major U.S. television networks Moammar Gadhafi can end the coalition bombardment by stepping down , Obama says Obama says pressure is increasing on Gadhafi 's inner circle to end the conflict
CNN  -- Travel warnings from the U.S. Department of State did n't stop Faith Hentschel , 65 , from venturing to Iran this May to visit the rustic sites in ancient Persepolis and the colorful bazaars in Tehran . A photo of Khaju Bridge in Isfahan , Iran , taken by an American traveler . "  I had no idea what to expect , " said Hentschel , who spent two weeks in Iran after booking the trip through a private tour operator and applying for a visa . "  I was stunned with the friendliness of all the Iranian people . That alone makes me want to go back . " Iran is still a relatively rare destination for Americans , creating a niche market for only a handful of tour operators across the nation that organize group trips for travelers once or twice a year . And with news of the arrest of three American backpackers , along with the June election riots and government crackdown , Iran may be an even harder sell , some travel companies said . "  It really depends on the political climate and the perception of Iran , " said Mike McDonnell , who operates the site BestIranTravel.com in San Francisco , California . The site books trips for non-Iranian travelers interested in visiting . His site saw a decline in booking travel to Iran this summer . "  It 's already really hard to get to Iran in the first place . " Officials at the U.S. Department of State say travel warnings have been implemented on Iran since the hostage crisis in 1979 , when militants captured 52 American diplomats and staff . The Americans were held for 444 days . Since then , the two countries have had no diplomatic relations . U.S. passports are valid for travel to Iran and visas are required to enter the country , according to the State Department Web site . Going with an organized tour group is the easiest way to attain a visa . Travelers who do visit Iran run the risk of being denied entry , U.S. officials say . In some cases , Iranian officials have prevented American citizens , academics , scientists and journalists from leaving the country , and even detained , interrogated and imprisoned some on unknown or various charges , the Web site said . "  It 's made well-known that the destination -LSB- Iran -RSB- could be perilous for American citizens , " said Darby Holladay , spokesman at the State Department . Last week , three Americans were detained after crossing into northern Iran during a hiking trip . The two men and one woman , said to be seasoned travelers , began their trip in Turkey and went into Iraq before crossing the unmarked border into Iran . The U.S. State Department and the Australian and British government warn against traveling into the border zones . "  Obviously , we are concerned , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday to reporters . "  We want this matter brought to a resolution as soon as possible . " Mudhafer Mohammed , owner of the Miwan Hotel , told CNN that the hikers said they had come to the area because they heard it was safe . Mohammed said he tried to discourage them from going to Ahmed Awa , a popular tourist destination in the northern Kurdish region of Iraq . "  I told them , ` Do n't go there because it is unsafe for you because you 're American and Ahmed Awa is very close to the Iranian border , ' " Mohammed told CNN . It is unclear whether the three wandered into Iran accidentally or intentionally entered the country . Pauline Frommer , creator of the Pauline Frommer 's Travel Guides , said it 's safer when visiting countries in conflict to use travel companies and tour operators that rely on local accommodations and guides . She warned against staying in big hotel chains , which have been targets in recent terrorist attacks in Indonesia and India . "  When it 's an iffy destination , it 's always a good idea to try and travel under the radar , " she said . "  You do n't want to be a target . " Despite worries about safety , demand for visiting Iran has grown in recent years . Last May , travel writer Rick Steves shot a 10-day video of his visit to Iran in a one-hour special that launched on PBS . The project cleared up misconceptions about Iran and sparked Americans ' interest in traveling there , travel experts said . At Geographic Expeditions , a luxury travel company that organizes trips to Iran , the number of participants doubled from 25 in 2007 to 50 in 2008 . Spiekermann Travel Service , Inc. , one of the oldest travel agencies that specializes in Iranian travel , has booked more than 350 tours to the country since it began operating there in 1995 . "  My path is known , " said Ihab Zaki , owner of Spiekermann , which is based in Michigan . He said he began offering tours after he visited the country himself and was awed by its history and art . "  We send all our paperwork to local governments and they know we are coming . I do n't let my people roam around in the middle of nowhere . It 's very safe . " But the recent uncertainty in Iran has caused interest to wane . Spiekermann 's bi-annual trips to Iran , limited to 14 travelers , usually sell out . But only four have signed up for the fall trip . Far Horizons Archaeological & Cultural Trips , Inc. in San Anselmo , California planned a second trip to Iran for October after their first trip in May sold out . But owner Mary Dell Lucas said the trip maybe be canceled because travelers are withdrawing . "  What 's happening most recently is scaring people , " she said . "  Those three Americans made a mistake , but with us , it 's very different . We are taking a group , and we are invited . " Lucas ' firm and other tour companies say they take precautions . Participants are required to abide by Iranian law , which means women must dress conservatively and cover their heads with scarves . A professor and a local guide , who are familiar with the country , accompany the American travelers . Barbara Bailey , a 73-year-old from rural Ohio , went on a two-week vacation to Iran last April with a tour group . Her favorite part of the trip was talking to the Iranian women at the local restaurants . "  I went because nobody has really been before , and I know they have a wonderful history , " Bailey said . "  If you can get past the government , the people there are great . " If travelers ca n't afford to spend between $ 6,000 and $ 10,000 on organized excursions of two or three weeks and decide to backpack , they still need to follow the rules , said Jon Dorn , editor in chief of Backpackers Magazine . "  If you 're going to a place that 's not like America , then do your homework on what 's appropriate , " said Dorn . Backpackers Magazine , an online and print publication specializing in backpacking , hiking and travel , reaches 2.5 million readers in the U.S. Dave Stevenson , who oversees the Web site www.travel-security-and-safety.com , said hikers should be equipped with GPS systems , satellite or cell phones and maps when traveling in border areas , especially in conflict zones . They should also notify relatives back home where they are hiking abroad . "  The world is a big place , " Stevenson said , "  And there are always plenty of places to hike that are n't dangerous or war zones . " CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Three American hikers were detained last week by Iranian officials A handful of tour operators provide tours for Americans to visit Iran A U.S. passport is valid in Iran ; visitors need a visa Travel warnings for Iran have been in place since the 1979 hostage crisis
CNN  -- Authorities believe at least one person not in custody may have information about the deaths of eight people in a Georgia mobile home , Glynn County Police Chief Matt Doering said Sunday . Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in a mobile home park in Brunswick , Georgia . "  I 'm confident to say that there 's somebody , at least an individual , that we would like to know about that 's not at the scene , " whether or not they were directly involved in the case , Doering said . Seven people were found dead Saturday at a residence in the New Hope mobile home park in Brunswick , Georgia . Two others were hospitalized in critical condition , and one of them died Sunday , authorities said . Police have "  no known suspects , " Doering told reporters Sunday afternoon . "  We are not looking for any known suspects . That does n't say that there are no suspects . They 're just not known to us . " One person , 22-year-old Guy Heinze Jr. , was arrested Saturday night , Doering said . Heinze is related to one of the victims , he said , and was the one who called 911 . He told police he discovered the bodies when he arrived home . Heinze was being held on suspicion of having a controlled substance and marijuana , as well as evidence tampering and making false statements to a police officer , Doering said . He told reporters Heinze has been cooperative . "  We 're still looking for anybody and everybody that may be related to this , " he said . "  That naturally includes -LSB- Heinze -RSB- . Of course we 're looking at him . " He stopped short , however , of calling Heinze a suspect in the deaths . Autopsies on the victims were taking place Sunday in Savannah , Georgia , Doering said . Police have tentative identifications for the victims , who ranged from children to adults in their mid-40s , he said . Police have been called to the home before , Doering said , but would not say why . Doering remained tight-lipped Sunday about many aspects of the case , refusing to say how the victims died or to give a breakdown of male and female victims . All nine victims lived in the mobile home , he said , and police do not believe any of them conducted the assault . He said police are making progress , and have narrowed down the timeline for when the deaths occurred . Brunswick is about 300 miles southeast of Atlanta , on the Georgia coast . Volunteers conducted an extended search of the area around the mobile home , but nothing was found , Doering said . Meanwhile , police removed additional evidence from the mobile home . Authorities are examining surveillance video from nearby areas , but are not aware of any surveillance system in the mobile home park , he said . "  There is cause for concern , " Doering said . "  We just simply do n't have a whole lot to go on , and I 'm not going to sit there and tell everybody not to be cautious , because people need to be . "	Police : Someone not in custody may have information about the deaths Seven found dead Saturday at mobile home park residence in Brunswick , Georgia One other victim died Sunday , 9th victim still in critical condition Sunday Police said they have been called to the home before , but would not say why
Time.com  -- There are lots of experts who have lots of opinions about New York City 's new plan to encourage breast-feeding in new moms by urging hospitals not to give them baby formula . Advocates praise the move as a way to limit the influence of formula manufacturers on new mothers . Skeptics wonder whether the policy will shame women who choose not to breast-feed . As for my sister-in-law , Rachel , who recently gave birth in a Manhattan hospital to her first child , she knows first-hand how nurses pushing formula can impact an inexperienced mother . After her C-section , a nurse offered to give her newborn a bottle "  to make it easier on you . " Exhausted and uncertain , she agreed -- even though she 'd intended to breast-feed . "  I was a new mom , " she said . "  I did n't know what I was doing . " Those are exactly the sorts of moms that Mayor Michael Bloomberg hopes to influence with his voluntary Latch On NYC initiative . When it goes into effect in September , nurses in participating hospitals will be instructed not to give formula to babies unless there 's a medical reason to do so or unless moms specifically request it  they 'll first have to listen to a mandatory speech about why breast is best  . Formula will be locked away like medication , and staff will be required to sign it out , track its distribution and report those figures to the Health Department , which presumably wants to know whether the new policy will cut formula use citywide . Twenty-seven of the city 's 40 hospitals have agreed to participate . Time.com : What Mitt Romney has to do with breast-feeding and infant formula Sound extreme ? Not to Melissa Bartick , an internist who is on the board of the U.S. Breastfeeding Committee . "  I ca n't even get an alcohol wipe without swiping my badge , " says Bartick . "  Hospitals lock up just about everything from Band-Aids to gauze . The question we should be asking is , why are n't they locking up formula ? The reason is because they get it for free . " Typically , formula manufacturers stock hospitals with free samples of their products to encourage brand-name adoption . Many hospitals across the country still give away diaper bags packed with formula samples to new moms , despite increasing awareness that the practice may stymie breast-feeding . Moms need more support to breast-feed exclusively That practice is changing , though : many hospitals nationwide have voluntarily banned the bags , and in July , Massachusetts became the second state to go "  bag-free , " with all 49 of its maternity hospitals pledging to spurn the formula freebies .  Rhode Island was first in 2011 . The American Academy of Pediatrics  AAP  advises moms to breast-feed exclusively for about six months , then continue breast-feeding while offering new foods . In July , an annual gathering of state AAP leaders voted to support a resolution entitled "  Divesting from Formula Marketing in Pediatric Care " that would call on pediatricians "  not to provide formula company gift bags , coupons and industry-authored handouts to the parents of newborns and infants in office and clinic settings . " The resolution , which now must be considered by the academy 's board of directors , is proving controversial as it demands the organization decide how far to push its support of breast-feeding . "  We 're not going to argue about the benefits of breast-feeding because we all know that , " says AAP President Dr. Robert Block , who has two adopted daughters who relied on formula . "  We stop short of saying if you do n't breast-feed , you 're a terrible mother . "  There are a lot of babies who need to be formula-fed . Breast-feeding advocates would disagree with this . They say any baby can be breast-fed by any mother . But there are legitimate reasons for babies to need formula . " Time.com : Can a formula company really promote breast-feeding and fight child obesity ? But there are also "  booby traps " -- what breast-feeding advocacy group Best for Babes terms the obstacles keeping women from breast-feeding success . Those include lack of support from employers , communities , hospitals and doctors who care for moms and babies . Pediatricians , suggests Best for Babes , should take continuing education courses on the basics of lactation management . "  Pediatricians need to be as proficient in this area as they are in diagnosing a heart murmur , pneumonia or the common flu , " wrote Best for Babes co-founder Bettina Forbes in an e-mail . Opinion : Breast-feeding is intuitive and easy ? No ! In New York City , 90 % of moms start out breast-feeding , but more than two-thirds stop or incorporate infant formula by two months . To try to shift that number , Latch On NYC is rolling out a full complement of subway ads , with three posters comparing formula  unfavorably  to breast milk , and featuring a racial cross-section of mothers . A press release about the campaign explains the relationship between formula and breast-feeding success : If the baby is not given anything but breast milk , especially in the first month after the baby is born , almost every mother will make enough milk for her baby . Using baby formula during this time can decrease the production of milk , and consequently make the mother reliant on formula . Time.com : What the U.S. can learn from Indonesia about breast-feeding But the International Formula Council -- which represents formula manufacturers and marketers -- maintains that restricting access to formula is n't the key to boosting breast-feeding rates . "  A way to help mothers is to be supportive of the feeding choice they make for their infants regardless if they choose breast-feeding , formula feeding or a combination of both , " Mardi Mountford , the council 's executive vice president , wrote in an e-mail . "  For infants who are not breast-fed , infant formula is the only safe , nutritious and recommended feeding option . " Mountford is right , of course , about formula being the only widely available alternative to breast milk  there 's donor milk too , though not enough to nourish all formula-fed babies  . She 's right too about the need to support a mom 's choice . But she 's not necessarily right when she says that limiting formula does n't impact breast-feeding rates . NYU Langone Medical Center , which has already restricted access to formula , has seen its breast-feeding rate increase from 39 % to 68 % by doing so . "  New York City is definitely ahead of the curve , " Eileen DiFrisco , a parent education coordinator in the hospital 's mother-baby unit , told the New York Post . In my sister-in-law 's experience -- and in the experience of dozens of mothers who shared their stories of feeling undermined when they were offered formula in the hospital -- New York City 's policy seems to make sense . Time.com : Moms say it 's hard to breast-feed for the recommended six months It does to Stephanie Rodriguez , who had read what felt like every breast-feeding book imaginable in preparation for her daughter 's arrival . "  I was ready , " wrote Rodriguez in an e-mail . But then her daughter had a hard time latching on and instead of offering help , a nurse offered formula ; Rodriguez took it . She kept working at breast-feeding and things improved , so they went home -- free formula gift bag in tow . At home , "  feeling alone and confused , " Rodriguez gave her daughter some of the free formula . "  My daughter had serious nipple confusion after that and the hospital bottles , and it took several weeks of hard , time-consuming work and dedication ... to get her to take the breast again . " Rodriguez has since become a board-certified lactation consultant in Missouri , inspired by her personal struggle to feed her child . "  In my work , I regularly see clients that tell me that they were n't going to give bottles , but , you know , that can was there and it seemed like it would be easier . ... It 's a real problem that is keeping moms from attaining their own breastfeeding goals , " says Rodriguez . "  It 's not the entire issue , but it certainly does n't help . " Time.com : Why most moms do n't reach their own breast-feeding goals This story was originally published on Time.com . Bloomberg 's breast-feeding plan : Will locking up formula help new moms ? & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	New York City is discouraging providing formula to new moms The Latch on NYC initiative takes effect in September Restricting formula is n't the way to boost breast-feeding , council says
The head of the Ramadi Awakening Council was killed Tuesday in a suicide bombing in Iraq 's Anbar province , police officials told CNN . Mohammed Khamis Abu Risha was on a joint patrol with Awakening Council members and Iraqi security forces when he was killed by a suicide bomber , the officials said . At least four others were also killed in the blast , they said . Abu Risha has been among those leading the fight in Ramadi against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , a rogue al Qaeda group know by the acronym ISIS . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . But ISIS has claimed to have carried out several failed assassination attempts against him in recent months . Abu Risha is the nephew of Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha , head of the Anbar Awakening Council -- a group composed primarily of Sunni Arab fighters who turned on al Qaeda in Iraq in late 2006 and joined forces with the U.S.-led coalition . The sheikh took over as head of the province 's Awakening Council after his brother Sheikh Abdul Sattar was assassinated in 2007 . While a number of the members of the council , also known as the Sons of Iraq , have been integrated into Iraq 's security forces , the sheikh has said he maintains a militia of about 80,000 . Iraq 's government has put the number at 50,000 , according to published reports .	Mohammed Khamis Abu Risha was head of the Ramadi Awakening Council He was on patrol with Iraqi security forces in Ramadi when he was killed He is the nephew of Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha , head of the Anbar Awakening Council
CNN  -- Christina McHale , energy sapped and unable to train properly , knew something was wrong last year . Exercises she once did easily were becoming harder and getting through matches was proving difficult , too . It was a surprise , since the young American prospect was considered a player with good stamina and has already earned a reputation for wearing down her opponents , not vice versa . After a first-round victory at the French Open , McHale felt particularly exhausted . "  I won 6-4 in the third set , but I remember saying to my coach that I feel like I 've just been hit by a bus , " the 21-year-old recalled . At first she thought it was a sinus infection . Then a couple of months later , following the Olympic tennis event at Wimbledon , McHale picked up a stomach bug and had to go to hospital . Her ordeal dragged on . "  I kept going back to the doctors because I was n't getting better , " McHale said . "  I was still feeling very low on energy and they were like , ` No , you should already be over the stomach virus . ' So then they started doing more tests , and that 's when they found out what it was . " The diagnosis was mononucleosis , a viral illness that can linger for weeks , months or even years . It has earned the nickname of the "  kissing disease " because it can get passed from one person to another through saliva . Fortunately for McHale , her bout was coming to an end . McHale , though , is n't the only tennis player in recent years to be afflicted with mono or the name it 's also known by , glandular fever . Others on the list Top men 's players Roger Federer , Andy Roddick , Robin Soderling , Mario Ancic and John Isner have been struck down , while Heather Watson , like McHale a player with promise , revealed she had mono in April . Jarmila Gajdosova , another promising player on the women 's tour , announced last week on Twitter that she had mono . Soderling and Ancic were n't as lucky as the likes of Federer , McHale and Watson , who hopes to return to action at the French Open , which starts this weekend . Indeed the severity of cases varies , as does an individual 's capacity to fight off and cope with infections . Soderling , the French Open finalist in 2009 and 2010 , has n't played since 2011 and it is looking increasingly likely that he wo n't ever come back . The Swede with the massive forehand -- who handed Rafael Nadal his only defeat at Roland Garros -- started to feel unwell in the spring of 2011 and later said it was a mistake to compete at Wimbledon that year . Ancic , hailed as a potential winner at Wimbledon after reaching the semifinals in 2004 , attempted to play through his flu-like symptoms during a Davis Cup series against Germany in 2007 . He said he felt so dizzy in his singles opener he missed a ball completely , but he still contested the doubles a day later . He was ready to play the deciding fifth rubber if needed , although with Germany already clinching the tie he was replaced by a young Marin Cilic . "  God saved me , " Ancic , known for his work ethic and willingness to play through injuries , said in an interview in 2007 . Ancic re-emerged on the tour but was never the same and a teary-eyed Croatian had to retire two years ago aged 26 . Andy Murray , the current world No. 2 , feared he had mono four years ago , and it 's an illness he 's still wary of , telling the Daily Telegraph in March : "  You can get run down and end up missing two or three months of the year because of an illness . "  Your immune system gets run down and then you lose weight . It 's happened with a lot of guys with glandular fever the last few years so it 's something everyone has to look into . " Continuous travel , training Former pro Justin Gimelstob is n't surprised that tennis players are susceptible . The players have to , at times , switch continents on a weekly basis , and they travel 10-11 months in a year . Unlike golf , cricket or Formula One , others sports that require continual global travel , the players also push themselves to the limit physically . The career of Gimelstob , who now commentates and serves as a player representative on the ATP World Tour 's board of directors , was blighted by a back injury . "  I think that 's the thing people do n't understand -- the heightened intensity does damage to your body , immune system , energy levels , on the fitness of your muscles , ligaments , tendons , " Gimelstob said . "  It 's just a very tough sport . I truly believe that Nadal , Murray ,  Novak  Djokovic and Federer , these guys are n't only the best tennis athletes in the world , they are some of the best athletes in the world . "  There 's a whole culture of being tough and strong and pushing through pain and being a warrior . "  But I can tell you right now at 37 years old walking my dog , my body feels the brunt of probably doing a lot of things and pushing through barriers I probably should n't have . That 's the product of an individual sport . " At first Leslie Findley , a consultant neurologist in England who has treated marathon runners , footballers and tennis players with mono , said it was a "  myth " that those involved in tennis are more vulnerable than other athletes . But he subsequently acknowledged that when factoring in their travel , the severity of the illness can intensify . "  We know people with fatigue illnesses related to the effects of viruses travel badly , " he said . "  If you take someone with a chronic fatigue syndrome and stick them on an airplane at  London 's  Heathrow to the United States they 'll do an eight-hour flight . That can have a devastating effect on them for days afterwards . " Preventing mono can be difficult , but Findley said it 's important that players heed warnings . If they suddenly develop a cold , fever , sore throat or stomach issues , it 's vital to rest instead of continuing to train and play matches . Stopping not easy As Gimelstob pointed out and Findley knows through his own experience in working with sportsmen and women , that is n't always easy . "  When you and I have the flu , we go to bed and within a week or two we 'd be back to normal , " Findley said . "  Why these people get symptoms that go on for weeks , months and years is usually because -- and I 'm now generalizing -- they do n't stop when they have the first symptoms and tend to push through , and they 're under stress . " Diagnosing mono is n't simple , either , said Findley . He said there is a lack of specialists and that doing a battery of tests at the outset may not be efficient . He will usually spend nearly two hours talking to patients in a first consultation before making a clinical diagnosis . "  Then there are a limited number of blood tests that need to be done to make sure there is nothing else contributing to it , " Findley said . The women 's tennis tour said in an email that player health and well being was a "  priority . " But the age of many of its pros is another reason why tennis players would appear to be at risk . "  Mononucleosis most commonly occurs in people between the ages of 15 and 24 , which is our athlete population , " said Kathleen Stroia , senior vice president , sport sciences and medicine & transitions , with the WTA . The men 's tour said in an email that mono "  has not been of unusual concern for the players or the ATP Medical Services . " "  Professional athletes are not immune to illnesses which affect the general public in general , " said Gary Windler , medical advisor to the ATP World Tour . "  While we are concerned about and take all injuries and illness seriously , and although some high profile players have suffered from glandular fever in recent years , the incidence of this particular illness amongst our players in general has not been unusually high . " McHale did n't think her tour needed to do more to help players . "  I think we 're probably more susceptible to getting it because our bodies are more run down from traveling so much , " she said . "  Also sometimes I take a water bottle -- they all look the same -- to the court and all of a sudden I 'm like , ` This was n't my water bottle . ' Sometimes it gets transferred like that . "  I know a lot of my friends have gotten it . They 're not athletes . For them it was n't a big issue . It 's amplified when you 're an athlete . " Tough comeback for McHale Her road back has n't been smooth . McHale , like others before her , did n't stop playing for a while . But after losing five straight matches , she finally decided to sit out the remainder of 2012 and not contest the European indoor swing . The losing streak rose to eight by the time this January 's Australian Open ended . As high as No. 24 in the world last summer , her health issues largely contributed to her ranking sliding to 55th . She has resumed training fully and played for nearly three hours against 2012 French Open finalist Sara Errani in Rome on Wednesday but knows she must be careful . "  They did tell me there 's a chance I could get a relapse , so I have to take it easy if I 'm feeling extremely exhausted , " she said . "  But I think I 'm past that point . I do n't feel any side effects of what I had . I feel like I 'm fully over it now . I was lucky my case was n't extremely bad like some others . "	Some of tennis ' biggest names , including Roger Federer , have been felled by mono Extensive training , matches and traveling may make players more vulnerable Diagnosing the illness can be difficult , says an expert who has worked with athletes with mono The men 's tennis tour says cases of mono have n't been unusually high
CNN  -- The man suspected of robbing banks and killing a police officer was convicted of threatening President Barack Obama in 2010 , the Secret Service said Sunday . A nationwide manhunt for the suspected bank robber -- identified as 40-year-old Mario Edward Garnett by Phoenix police -- ended when a Phoenix police detective shot and killed a man after a new bank robbery on Saturday . Secret Service spokesman Max Milien said that Garnett is the same individual arrested in 2010 in Oklahoma City for threatening the President . Court records show Garnett pleaded guilty to those threats , was sentenced to eight months in federal prison and ordered to get mental health care upon his release . He was not allowed to own a gun . Garnett admitted that he wrote a rant on the official White House website that included this line : "  If you order a strike on Iran , I 'm going to come up there and blow your brains out on national TV , " the documents said . His prison term , including three years of supervised release , ended in July , records show . Garnett 's last heist took place Saturday morning in Phoenix . After leaving the bank with a bag and gun , Garnett was approached by a police officer and started shooting . The officer retreated , but an undercover detective was nearby and shot Garnett in the upper body , said Phoenix police spokesman James Holmes . "  This is a situation where we had a detective on the street doing a follow-up on an unrelated incident who heard a radio call . He was close by , so he responded . " Holmes said . Garnett was pronounced dead near the scene . "  It chills me to think what might have happened had he not responded , based on the information we have now , " Holmes added . Using cell phone records , the FBI confirmed that Garnett was in the area of two other holdups . Garnett apparently started his crime spree across the country nearly a week ago when he tried to rob a bank Monday in Atlanta but failed and ended up robbing a customer at the bank 's ATM . Hours later , authorities believe , Garnett robbed a bank about 300 miles away in Tupelo , Mississippi . That robbery escalated to a gunfight with police , and two officers were shot . One of those officers , Gale Stauffer , died . After hearing the news of Garnett 's death , Stauffer 's wife , Beth , said : "  We can truly begin the healing process . " Tupelo Police Chief Bart Aguirre said Stauffer 's death may be the first in the department 's history . The second officer shot , Joseph Maher , is recovering in a Tupelo hospital . CNN 's Alison Harding , Stephanie Goggans , Janet DiGiacomo , Scott Thompson and Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	NEW : Records show Garnett was not allowed to own a gun Secret Service says Garnett was arrested in 2010 for threatening the president Phoenix police identify suspect as 40-year-old Mario Edward Garnett The FBI believes Garnett shot two officers in Mississippi , tried to rob a bank in Atlanta
CNN  Michael Peres is obsessed with photographing snowflakes with a microscope . He catches the snowflakes on a piece of black velvet , runs into his garage and places the delicate flakes on a microscope slide with a dissecting needle before they melt . Using envelopes or newspapers as background , he captures colors reflected in the magnified flakes . His hobby began 13 years ago , when the photography professor at Rochester Institute of Technology first began tinkering with how to capture the fleeting beauty of individual flakes before they melted . "  I have a love-hate relationship with winter , " said Peres , who has lived in Rochester , New York , for 30 years . "  I hate shoveling and cleaning my car off , but there 's no other way to photograph snowflakes if you 're not in a place where it snows . " Peres shares his photos of snowflakes and other objects on his Instagram account with the hashtag #tinythings .	Michael Peres loves photographing "  very small things " He mounted his camera to a bellows to shoot images through a microscope Peres has 30 seconds to 2 minutes to shoot , depending on the temperature
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has long banned the sale of certain books , but now it has banned media reports on the opening of a Taiwanese book chain in Shanghai . The Eslite bookstore -- which in Taiwan stocks titles banned on the mainland -- announced this week it had signed a letter of intent to lease 6,500 square meters spanning three floors in the Shanghai Tower , a new development that will be China 's tallest when it opens in 2015 . A source at the Shanghai Labor Newspaper confirmed to CNN that the paper 's editor-in-chief on Thursday received a terse directive from the Shanghai Municipal Propaganda Department not to report the deal . "  The matter about Taiwan Eslite Bookstore -LSB- intending -RSB- to open a branch in Shanghai should not be reported anymore , " Hong Kong 's South China Morning Post reported the message as saying . The source , who asked to remain anonymous due to the sensitivity of the issue , said the message was communicated by SMS text message , an unusual medium for propaganda directives to the media , which are typically delivered in writing . The directive did not provide a reason for the media blackout and a spokesman at the Shanghai Municipal Propaganda Department told CNN he was "  not aware " of the matter . Eslite 's deputy communications manager , Jessie Lu , declined to comment on whether the media blackout would affect the bookstore in any way . "  Eslite respects the rules and regulations in mainland China , including those on the book market , " she said . The bookstore chain also would not comment on which titles would be available at the new Shanghai branch although Lu acknowledged that the retailer would not be able to sell books banned by China at its mainland locations , including Taiwanese public intellectual Lung Ying-tai 's book about the Chinese civil war , "  Big River , Big Seaâ $ " Untold Stories of 1949 . " Founded in 1989 , Eslite is Taiwan 's largest bookstore chain , with more than 40 locations , including a 24-7 branch in the capital of Taipei . Its multi-story flagship in Taipei , located a block from the iconic Taipei 101 tower , is wildly popular among locals and tourists . It opened its first overseas branch in August 2012 in Hong Kong , where titles banned on the mainland are freely available . While Hong Kong falls under Chinese sovereignty , the special administrative region enjoys a high degree of autonomy and is not subject to China 's regulations on banned material .	China banned media coverage of opening of Shanghai bookstore by prominent Taiwan retailer Eslite Propaganda department did not provide reason for media blackout Ban follows Eslite 's announcement that it will lease space in what is slated to be China 's tallest commercial tower
CNN  -- Three-hundred fifty-seven . That 's the number of women it took for Australia on Sunday to seize the record from the Cayman Islands for the largest bikini parade . The women , in tiny two pieces and pink visors , paraded around Surfers Paradise beach on the Gold Coast as throngs of onlookers whooped , hollered and snapped pictures . A electronic sign kept count as the women filed past : 329 , 330 , 331 . At 332 , a cheer went up as the crowd realized the parade had broken the previous record : 331 , set in Grand Cayman on the Cayman Islands in June 2010 . Yet , more women sauntered past . In the end , a new record was set : 357 . "  And so , the record you were going for stood at 331 . It was broken in the Cayman Islands last year , " Australian Guinness World Records adjudicator Chris Sheedy told the crowd . "  And unfortunately , they have had their record smashed . " The number would have been higher . Four women were disqualified for overdressing .	The old record was set last year in the Cayman Islands Australia breaks the record with 357 bikini-clad women Four women are disqualified for overdressing
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A killer bug is spreading like wildfire . Armed guards stand outside the Mexico City Respiratory Hospital to control the flow of people . Streets of one of the world 's biggest cities are eerily empty . Bars and restaurants have been shuttered for days . The president goes on TV to tell workers to stay at home for their own safety . Those who venture outside are clad in surgical masks . Once healthy people are suddenly falling sick and dying from a new disease , H1N1 swine flu . The government swears the situation is under control . But down at the hospital , medics scurry around behind the glass door of an isolation ward . They 're clad from head to toe in biohazard suits , goggles and two pairs of gloves . At the airport , officials set up a barrage of thermal imaging machines . If the picture flashes up red or orange , would-be passengers are whisked off to medical facilities . See where the virus has been confirmed " It may sound like a sci-fi movie . It 's not . Welcome to Mexico City . It 's a nightmare scenario and despite twice-a-day news conferences featuring Mexican Health Minister Jose Angel Cordova , people on the streets fear the virus may be out of control and that the real death toll may be greater than anyone is letting on . Watch how the city has been shut down " "  The measures we 're taking are working and are helping us to slow the spread of the virus . But the situation continues to be serious , " Cordova said at a news conference this week . Government orders to its citizens are clear : wash frequently , do n't shake hands or kiss , and stay away from crowded places . That 's easier said than done . The doors on the subway car snap open at Hidalgo station . Dozens more passengers clad in surgical masks stream on . It 's rush hour deep below the streets of downtown Mexico City . The subway system is the veins of the capital , ferrying millions of people from all social classes to and from work . It 's hot and humid down there and there 's little fresh air . It 's just the kind of crowded place that Mexican authorities say could be a prime breeding ground for swine flu . "  I 'm pretty nervous of this whole virus thing , " welder Frontino Valdez mumbled through one of the masks . Watch passengers packed onto trains trying to protect themselves " Sitting one carriage down , Berta Hernandez , a product demonstrator , tries not to show her panic and applies eyeliner like any other morning . But today she has a problem , she has no intention of lifting her mask to paint on lip gloss . "  I 'm nervous of those people who are n't wearing masks . Maybe they will suddenly sneeze or cough , " she said . In these days of swine flu paranoia , just coughing , or worse sneezing , in the subway , or "  metro " as they call it here , brings black looks from fellow passengers . This has been a strange epidemic since the outset . So far , the Mexican government has been unable to pinpoint where or when this outbreak started . Authorities admit there was an outbreak of influenza in a village in the Gulf Coast state of Veracruz in early April . But only one patient -- 5-year-old Edgar Hernandez -- was diagnosed as having swine flu . Watch Dr. Sanjay Gupta ask the boy about his symptoms " The international media have taken to calling him "  Patient Zero . " He made a full recovery . So far there 's no evidence a pig farm near his home reported any problems with its livestock . The family has n't explained how little Edgar could have infected a capital city let alone the world . The authorities have n't drawn up a genetic map of Edgar 's illness nor compared it to the lethal strain that swept through Mexico City and other parts of the country . Lethal it is . But getting to the truth of who has really died from the virus is tough . Since midweek , the government abandoned its initial reporting and began to speak only of confirmed swine flu cases and confirmed deaths due to the H1N1 virus . Previously it had also tallied suspected cases and others under observation . In practice , it is taking days for the government to get test results from autopsies and tests . By the time a case is confirmed the patient may be long buried . One afternoon this week , at a cinder block home perched on a hillside in a poor northern neighborhood of Mexico City , a coffin was mounted on the living room table . A steady stream of neighbors filed in to pay their final tribute to a dead 24-year-old . Biting back tears , a young man said his brother had died of "  respiratory problems . " When asked what kind of a person his brother was , he said simply : "  He was an honest man . He never got in any trouble . " The man seemed to be feeling an underlying sense of shame . Suddenly there was a huge stigma attached to swine flu -- like in the early days of AIDS-related deaths -- and Mexican families were keen to dispel notions their loved ones had died of the mutant virus . They did n't want the prying eyes of the media near their home . We wanted to tell their story , observe the wake and follow the funeral . But death is a rite of passage . They had a right to mourn in private . The following day came a tip-off that a 5-year-old girl , Maria Fernanda Garcia , had died . The modest side street outside her home in eastern Mexico City was swarming with police , health workers and civil protection officials . Watch how armed guards were part of Maria Fernanda 's funeral " Little Maria Fernanda 's father appeared briefly and told us we were n't welcome . He was curt when he told us his daughter had died from pneumonia . A medic confirmed the specific cause of death was indeed pneumonia . But he added the hospital was still waiting for test results to confirm whether the underlying cause was swine flu . He conceded that process could take days . But judging by the heavy security , local authorities certainly feared this was another case of the virus . "  These are the prevention measures we must take . This case is still not confirmed but we must take these steps to protect citizens , " said Victor Luna , a member of the public security detail for this district of Mexico City . A few minutes later , the hearse with Maria Fernanda 's body pulled out of the housing complex where she lived . Her dad was clutching a Winnie Pooh cuddly toy as he rode up front . Police and health officials shadowed the funeral cortege to the graveyard . Police guards only permitted immediate family and close friends through the iron gates . Through the bars silent , tearful mourners could be seen weaving through a labyrinth of headstones . Later that afternoon , the family had left Maria Fernanda 's grave -- a tiny patch of newly dug dry earth , not much more than 3 feet long . It was covered with sweet-scented white flowers . The plaque on the grave was a simple hand-painted affair : "  Maria Fernanda . 2004 to 2009 . We love you . "	Every aspect of life has been hit by the spread of H1N1 in Mexico City Citizens told not to shake hands or kiss Even a tragic death of a child brings suspicion , paranoia
CNN  -- With his quicksilver speed and ability to score breathtaking tries , Carlin Isles is blessed with a god-given talent . But the "  fastest man in world rugby " is looking for divine inspiration as he weighs up the most difficult decision of his life . Isles is a standout for America 's rugby sevens team , which is one of the sport 's growing forces and has a realistic chance of qualifying for its Olympic debut in Rio in 2016 . But he is also being courted by the NFL -- after training with the Detroit Lions he has signed a practice contract , the first step towards gaining a full-time place on the roster . So ultimately Isles will have to choose . Either a shot at Olympic gold or the chance to earn untold riches as a wide receiver or running back in American football . The 24-year-old from Ohio professes to be not influenced by money , but told CNN that he is being guided the power of prayer in making the toughest of choices . "  When it comes down to the Olympics vs. the NFL I have to choose wherever God wants me to go , " he says . "  I have to listen to my heart and do things for the right reasons . " Isles ' value to the American Eagles squad was no more apparent than at the HSBC Las Vegas Sevens last weekend , where his electrifying pace helped the United States team to win the Shield competition with a 31-0 rout of Spain to finish ninth overall . He suggested after the tournament that Vegas might have been his last sevens outing , but he has been included in the U.S. team for this weekend 's event in Wellington , New Zealand . A former collegiate track and field star with a personal best of 10.13 for the 100 meters and the ability to run 40 yards in 4.2 seconds , he is relatively new to rugby union , but since finding a spot on the American team in 2012 has terrorized the defenses of even the top nations such as New Zealand . Collections of his best tries have gone viral on YouTube , but may also have alerted the scouts from gridiron that a very special talent was under their noses . Lions impressed As well as his track and field exploits , Carlin played college football as a wide receiver for Ashland University , a NCAA Division II school , and did enough in his week with Detroit to persuade them to take a further look at him as he signed a reserve/futures contract on January 10 . "  When I went there to train it was a lot different . There 's a lot of rest time , I can tell you that much , " he says . "  They were impressed with my stamina and very impressed with my speed , I must say , which is a big key . "  But for me , my work ethic and my stamina from playing rugby sevens played a big factor . " While clearly flattered to have the chance to play in one of the most lucrative sporting leagues in the world , the dilemma for Isles is there for all to see . "  Even thinking about it I 've been stressed , " he admits . "  You know because it 's a big decision , both of them are both blessings because rugby has been the biggest blessing to me in my life and I love rugby to death . "  To juggle the two is going to be a little difficult , but I thank God I have the ability to focus and always stay hungry . " Ultimate goal Under young coach Matt Hawkins , the American squad has been training full-time at the U.S. Olympic facility in San Diego with a constant reminder of the history and tradition of the Summer Games . Every day the drive through the gates with the Olympic rings above acts as a prompt of the importance of the ultimate goal and Isles knows that the 2016 Games is getting ever closer -- almost within touching distance . "  Yeah it 's coming up fast because this season is almost over and then 2015 's about to come , so two years is going to come quick , " Isles acknowledges . By a quirk of Games history , the United States , hardly a rugby superpower in the intervening years , would be defending the title it won back in 1924 in Paris when rugby was last part of the Olympic program . Then it was the full 15-a-side game , but when the IOC voted to reintroduce rugby for the Summer Games , it opted for the seven-a-side version of the game . With less players on a big pitch , players with the pace and trickery of Isles are literally worth their weight in gold and it offers nations such as the United States the chance to compete on more equal terms with the likes of world champions New Zealand and other traditional powers such as Australia , South Africa and England . Calendar clash Hawkins has gone on record to say he will support Isles whatever he ultimately chooses to do with his talents . "  We understand that we ca n't hold on to everyone , and for some people our program is a stepping stone to other goals and achievements , " Hawkins told CNN . "  We have enjoyed our time with Carlin and wish him all the very best for his new venture and we will be watching closely to see how he progresses . " If his star player does eventually make the breakthrough to the NFL , the calendars of the respective sports will collide -- the HSBC Sevens World Series stretches from October to May . "  If I end up choosing just to do football , of course I wo n't be able to play as many tournaments and basically I 'd have to focus on football , " Isles admits . "  I 'm just trying to work out things and figure out what 's going to be the best for me . " Lions coach Jim Caldwell will be hoping the gamble of his sacked predecessor Jim Schwartz on the slight but lightning quick Isles -- who at 5 foot 8 inches  1.72 meters  and 159 pounds  72 kg  would be dwarfed by some of imposing physiques in the NFL -- does indeed provide a winning return . For Eagles coach Hawkins , ahead of next year 's Olympic qualifying program where Canada is likely the main opposition for a place in Rio , the decision Isles eventually makes could also influence his future . "  The door is always open for Carlin , " he said .	Carlin Isles is one of the stars of the HSBC Sevens World Series American speedster has impressed despite his inexperience NFL team Detroit Lions have signed him to a practice contract Isles faces choice between NFL career and playing in 2016 Olympics
CNN  -- It looks like 2013 is going to be the year of the severe physical transformations for actors . For his upcoming project "  Nightcrawler , " Jake Gyllenhaal has not only grown his hair long enough to sport a "  man bun , " but he 's also become remarkably thin . "  I 've lost  probably a little over 20 pounds so , " Gyllenhaal told CNN at this week 's Hollywood Film Awards . "  I 'm playing a character that is hungry literally and figuratively . " Written and directed by Dan Gilroy , "  Nightcrawler " is a crime drama that stars Gyllenhaal as an ambitious young man who becomes enmeshed in Los Angeles ' underground scene of crime journalism . "  He is very driven , " Gyllenhaal says of his character , "  and does n't have very much time to think about anything  else  . It 's an amazing script . " The 32-year-old is n't the only star who felt the need to transform himself physically to get into character . "  How I Met Your Mother " star Jason Segel has become almost unrecognizable after slimming down for the comedy "  Sex Tape , " and both Matthew McConaughey and Jared Leto became severely thin for "  Dallas Buyers Club . " Not everyone loses weight for their characters though . In David O. Russell 's anticipated December release , "  American Hustle , " Christian Bale -- already no stranger to transforming himself physically -- packed on some pounds . CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	Jake Gyllenhaal has lost a little more than 20 pounds The actor is getting into character for "  Nightcrawler " In the movie , he says he 's playing someone who 's "  hungry literally and figuratively "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States Mint launched a new coin Tuesday featuring jazz legend Duke Ellington , making him the first African-American to appear by himself on a circulating U.S. coin . The District of Columbia coin honoring Duke Ellington was introduced Tuesday in Washington . Ellington , the composer of classics including "  It Do n't Mean a Thing If It Ai n't Got That Swing " appears on the "  tails " side of the new D.C. quarter . George Washington is on the "  heads " side , as is usual with U.S. quarters . The coin was issued to celebrate Ellington 's birthplace , the District of Columbia . U.S. Mint Director Ed Moy introduced the new coin at a news conference Tuesday at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of American History . Members of Ellington 's family were present at the ceremony , and the jazz band of Duke Ellington High School performed . Ellington won the honor by a vote of D.C. residents , beating out abolitionist Frederick Douglass and astronomer Benjamin Banneker . Also on the coin is the phrase "  Justice for all . " The Mint rejected the first inscription choice of D.C. voters , which was "  taxation without representation , " in protest of the district 's lack of voting representation in Congress . Edward Kennedy "  Duke " Ellington received 13 Grammy Awards and a Pulitzer Prize , among numerous other honors . His orchestra 's theme song , "  Take the A Train , " is one of the best-known compositions in jazz . Ellington was born in the district in 1899 and composed more than 3,000 songs , including "  Satin Doll , " "  Perdido " and "  Do n't Get Around Much Any More . " "  It Do n't Mean a Thing If It Ai n't Got That Swing " helped usher in the swing era of jazz . Ellington performed with other famous artists , including John Coltrane , Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald , and he traveled around the world with his orchestras . He died in 1974 at the age of 75 . The first African-American to appear on a circulating coin was York , a slave who accompanied Lewis and Clark on their "  Corps of Discovery " adventures across America at the dawn of the 19th century . The 2003 Missouri quarter features the three men together in a canoe on the obverse . The U.S. Mint distinguishes between circulating coins , which are intended for daily use , and commemorative ones , which mark special occasions . African-Americans including Jackie Robinson , who broke baseball 's color barrier , have appeared on commemorative coins . Educator Booker T. Washington , botanist George Washington Carver and the first Revolutionary War casualty , Crispus Attucks , all of whom were black , have also appeared on commemorative coins , according to the U.S. Mint .	Duke Ellington featured on reverse of new quarter honoring District of Columbia Coin introduced at Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History African-Americans have appeared on commemorative coins or as minor figures Ellington was born in D.C. and composed several jazz standards
CNN  -- Celebrated Norwegian artist Edvard Munch 's life was fraught with anxiety and hallucinations . The painter , who died 70 years ago today , created one of the most recognized masterpieces in history , "  The Scream " , which came to him in a sinister vision as he stood on the edges of Oslofjord . "  The sun began to set - suddenly the sky turned blood red , " he wrote . "  I stood there trembling with anxiety - and I sensed an endless scream passing through nature . " The painting is thought to represent the angst of modern man , which Munch experienced deeply throughout his life , but saw as an indispensable driver of his art . He wrote in his diary : "  My fear of life is necessary to me , as is my illness . They are indistinguishable from me , and their destruction would destroy my art . " Munch may be one of the most high profile artists to walk the line between extreme talent and torment , but he is not the only one . Vincent van Gogh , who cut of his ear after an argument with his friend Paul Gauguin , and later killed himself , swayed heavily between genius and madness . In a letter to his brother Theo in 1888 he wrote : "  I am unable to describe exactly what is the matter with me . Now and then there are horrible fits of anxiety , apparently without cause , or otherwise a feeling of emptiness and fatigue in the head ... at times I have attacks of melancholy and of atrocious remorse . " These painters ' personal struggles still echo in popular culture today , and have given rise to the belief that artists are more susceptible to a range of mental illnesses , including bipolar disorder and schizophrenia . A growing body of research suggests that there is merit to that popular assumption . Madness may lurk where creativity lies . The dark side of creativity Psychologists have been fascinated by the potential link for decades . The earliest and most rudimentary studies examined eminent people across fields including literature and the arts . These studies found that creatives had an unusually high number of mood disorders . Charles Dickens , Tennessee Williams , and Eugene O'Neill all appeared to suffer from clinical depression . So too did Ernest Hemingway , Leo Tolstoy and Virginia Woolf . Sylvia Plath famously took her own life by sticking her head in an oven while her two children slept . Critics rightly pointed out that these studies focused on very specific groups of high-achievers , and that they relied on anecdotal evidence . Subsequent studies have cast the net wider . Simon Kyaga led a team of researchers at Sweden 's Karolinska Institute . Read more : Life of a muse : What is it like to inspire art for a living ? Using a registry of psychiatric patients , they tracked nearly 1.2 million Swedes and their relatives . The patients demonstrated conditions ranging from schizophrenia and depression to ADHD and anxiety syndromes . They found that people working in creative fields , including dancers , photographers and authors , were 8 % more likely to live with bipolar disorder . Writers were a staggering 121 % more likely to suffer from the condition , and nearly 50 % more likely to commit suicide than the general population . They also found that people in creative professions were more likely to have relatives with schizophrenia , bipolar disorder , anorexia and autism . That is significant . Earlier studies on families have suggested that there could be an inherited trait that gives rise to both creativity and mental illness . Some people may inherit a form of the trait that fosters creativity without the burden of mental illness , while others may inherit an amped-up version that stokes anxiety , depression and hallucinations . There is anecdotal evidence supporting the connection . Albert Einstein 's son lived with schizophrenia , as did James Joyce 's daughter . Keri Szaboles , a psychiatrist at Semmelweis University in Hungary , has studied the role genes may play more directly . Szaboles gave 128 participants a creativity test followed by a blood test . He found that those who demonstrated the greatest creativity carried a gene associated with severe mental disorders . Method in the madness ? Psychologists have established a link between mental illness and creativity , but they are still piecing together the mechanisms that underlie it . In September neuroscientist Andreas Fink and his colleagues at the University of Graz in Austria published a study comparing the brains of creative people and people living with schizotypy . Read more : Art and fashion , new BFFs ? Schizotypy is a less severe manifestation of schizophrenia . People with the condition may demonstrate odd beliefs  like a belief in aliens  or behavior  like wearing inappropriate clothes  . Unlike schizophrenics , they do not have delusions and are not disconnected from reality . Fink and his team recruited participants demonstrating low and high levels of schizotypy . They then slid them into a functional magnetic resonance imaging machine , and asked them to come up with novel ways of using every day objects . They later assessed the originality of their responses . An interesting pattern emerged . Among those high in schizotypy and those who scored highest on originality , the right precuneus - a region of the brain involved in attention and focus - kept firing during idea generation . Normally this region deactivates during a complex task , which is thought to help a person focus . Put more simply , the results suggest that creatives and those with high levels of schizotypy take in more information and are less able to ignore extraneous details . Their brain does not allow them to filter . Scott Barry Kaufman , an American psychologist and writer for Scientific American , has summed up the results this way . "  It seems that the key to creative cognition is opening up the flood gates and letting in as much information as possible , " he writes . "  Because you never know : sometimes the most bizarre associations can turn into the most productively creative ideas . " Clearly some people suffer for their art , and clearly some art stems from suffering . But it would be inaccurate to say that all creatives run the risk of mental illness . Kyaga , the Swedish academic , points out that dancers , directors , and visual artists demonstrated mental illnesses less frequently than the general population . Read more : Life imitating art : Astonishing ' 2D ' makeup transforms model 's face into famous paintings Read more : Jameel Prize for art inspired by Islam awarded to female fashion duo	Psychologists have explored the link between creativity and madness for decades Great artists such as Vincent van Gogh and Edvard Munch suffered from mental illness Recent studies found that people in creative professions were more likely to be bipolar Research also shows there could be an inherited trait that gives rise to creativity and mental illness
Buenos Aires , Argentina  CNN  -- A former Argentinian dictator and an ex-army chief are scheduled to go on trial this week on charges of human rights abuses during the nation 's right-wing rule from 1976-83 , the government 's Judicial Information Center said . Jorge Rafael Videla was among the coup leaders who overthrew then-President Isabela Martinez de Peron in March 1976 . He ruled as dictator until 1981 . Also scheduled to go on trial this week in a separate proceeding will be Luciano Benjamin Menendez , former head of the Third Army Corps . He is accused of violating the human rights of four people . There are 31 defendants in the two trials , the Judicial Information Center said on its website Tuesday . Another former dictator , Gen. Reynaldo Benito Bignone , was sentenced in April to 25 years in prison for kidnapping and torturing 56 people . He ruled Argentina from June 1982 until the nation 's return to democracy in December 1983 . Bignone , 82 , faces two other trials : in the abduction and disappearance of doctors and nurses at the Hospital Posada and of two soldiers when he was head of the Military College . Up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the nation 's eight-year "  Dirty War . " In the trials that start this week , the proceedings for Menendez are slated to begin Thursday in the city of Mendoza . Six other defendants will go on trial with him . The trial against former dictator Videla is scheduled to start Friday in Cordoba . He will be joined by 24 other defendants , the Judicial Information Center said . Videla and the others face charges related to abuses committed at a penitentiary in Cordoba and in the kidnapping and torture of six people , the information service said . Videla , 84 , has previously been found guilty of other human rights abuses , including kidnapping , torture and homicide . He was sentenced to life in prison in 1985 but released in 1990 under a pardon issued by then-President Carlos Menem to many former members of the military dictatorship . Argentina 's congress and courts have struck down the pardons and amnesty laws of the 1980s , clearing the way for rights trials to be held again .	Jorge Rafael Videla accused of kidnapping and torture Former army corps head also will go on trial Right-wing dictatorship ruled from 1976-83 Up to 30,000 people were tortured or killed during "  dirty war "
Gaza  CNN  -- Nafoz Mohammed is living in a cramped two-room apartment with 16 other people , including several children , who spend the day - and nighttime hours holed up in fear . "  All the children feel so scared when they cut the electricity , " said Mohammed , who shares the tight space with others whose homes were hit by artillery . "  They just keep holding their mothers . " For the more than 1.8 million people squeezed into a territory about twice the size of Washington , chaos has always infringed on the daily rhythms of life . But the latest conflict with neighboring Israel has compounded the misery of many . Since Tuesday , residents have been without electricity . Without television . Without refrigeration . Without water pumps and sewage systems . For the fortunate few who can afford them , buzzing generators provide some relief . At the main hospital , already stretched by weeks of fighting that left more than 1,500 people dead and thousands wounded , a pair of mega-generators powered crucial life-support equipment . Days after Gaza 's only power plant was hit , the latest attempt at a cease-fire fell apart Friday after Israel said that one of its soldiers was captured by Palestinian militants . Gaza residents were left with the anxiety of an uncertain future . ` Killing civilian life in Gaza ' As has happened with so many aspects of the conflict , the principals blamed each for the power plant 's demise . Palestinian officials pointed at an Israeli airstrike . Israel insisted that the power plant was not a target . By early Tuesday , at least 40 % of Gaza 's fuel had been burned , according to Fathi al-Sheikh Khalil , deputy chairman of the Palestinian Energy and Natural Resources Authority in Gaza . The plant , which will have to be rebuilt , will not operate as it did for at least a year . "  This is a disaster , " he said . He said a 300,000-liter fuel tank -- which supplied about a day of electricity in Gaza -- was hit and burst into flames . Heavy shelling delayed firefighters from responding , allowing the fire to spread to other fuel tanks . "  We can not supply electricity to hospitals or water pumps or sewage treatment or for domestic use , " Khalil said . "  People have to pump the water to the residential tanks but do n't have electricity . " Jamal Derdsawoi , a representative of Gaza 's electric company , also pointed at Israel . "  By attacking the power plant and cutting the electricity , they 're killing the civilian life in Gaza , " he said . An Israeli military spokeswoman said after checking with ground , air and naval forces in the area of the power plant that there was "  no indication that  Israel Defense Forces  were involved in the strike . ... The area surrounding the plant was also not struck in recent days . " Plant workers said the facility took fire for three days before Tuesday 's strike . On Sunday , they said , the plant 's administration building took a direct hit . The United Nations has said that a deliberate strike on the plant would be a violation of humanitarian law . Before the fighting , most of Gaza 's power actually came from Israel , but transmission lines on both sides of the border have been damaged by either Israeli missiles or Hamas rockets . Repairs on the lines could take a week , but no agreement has been reached on when that work can begin . Last month , one Israeli politician called on the government to permanently cut electricity to Gaza , especially since the Palestinians owe tens of millions of dollars in electric bills . Darkness and isolation of war Many Gaza residents have seen their neighborhoods hit hard and loved ones killed or wounded since Israel began Operation Protective Edge against Hamas on July 8 . About a quarter of a million people in the small , impoverished territory have been displaced by the conflict , according to the United Nations . That 's about 14 % of Gaza 's population of 1.8 million . Those killed include 327 children and 166 women , the Gaza health ministry reports . UNICEF said that about two-thirds of the children killed were 12 or younger . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % of the more than 1,500 Palestinians killed have been civilians . More than 150 were members of armed groups , the U.N. said . Israel blames Hamas for civilian deaths , saying militants encourage people to stay in their homes despite Israeli warnings that strikes are coming . Militants also use civilian facilities such as houses , schools , mosques and hospitals to launch attacks on Israeli civilians and store weapons . Three civilians have been killed in Israel since the conflict began , while many more have been forced to take shelter as rockets rained overhead . Sixty-one Israeli soldiers have been killed during the hostilities , with five of those deaths occurring Thursday evening . Yasmeen El Khoudary , a 24-year-old woman who lives in Gaza City , said she 's had no power for two days . She has not left her house in a week . There is enough food available to residents , El Khoudary said , but safety was a bigger concern . "  We only eat when we remember to eat , " she said . She added , "  We have seen that the bombings are not precise . " Her Internet service was restored Thursday , El Khoudary said . In the darkness and isolation of war , she blogs about life . "  My thoughts are interrupted by an Israeli bombing that shakes our two story house like a rattle in the hand of a little baby , " she wrote . "  To my surprise , my brother is still awake . He comes to wish me a ` good ' night before he goes to sleep . Stuck to his ear is a small radio that bewitches his face as he tells me that 20 people from Al Najjar family were collectively murdered in Khan Yonis . Good night , Omar . " She never wants to see that small radio again . "  It bears nothing but news of death and has the ability to bewitch the face of its holder  often holding it like they 'd hold a cellphone  to fuming with anger , torn with sadness , ridden with fear , and rarely , filled with hope , " she wrote . CNN 's Jessica King and Kareem Khadder contributed to this story .	Conflict with neighboring Israel compounds misery for many of Gaza 's 1.8 million inhabitants Since Tuesday , residents have been without electricity Gaza resident Yasmeen El Khoudary , 24 : "  We only eat when we remember to eat "
CNN  -- Lawmakers in Moscow moved Friday to ban Americans from adopting Russian children , passing a bill that imposes a series of sanctions on U.S. interests , state media reported . Russia is one of the top countries of origin for international adoptions in the United States . The State Duma , Russia 's lower house of parliament , adopted the bill on its third reading , the state-run RAPSI news agency reported . The measure will now move to the Federation Council and , if approved there , will go to President Vladimir Putin to be signed into law , the news agency said . Read more : Russian lawmakers eye adoption ban to U.S. . The legislation could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Russian children . It also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States , if such activities may affect Russian interests , the news agency said , and imposes sanctions against U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights . The move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation for a law that U.S. President Barack Obama signed December 14 . That bill , called the Magnitsky Act , imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . "  The United States is concerned by measures in the bill passed in the Russian Duma today that , if it becomes law , would halt inter-country adoptions between the United States and Russia and would restrict the ability of Russian civil society organizations to work with American partners , " U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said . The Magnitsky act is named in honor of Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . Magnitsky died in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center , apparently beaten to death . Russian leaders have criticized the bill , which also places sanctions on those involved in the tax fraud Magnitsky uncovered and those responsible for his detention , abuse , and death . The bill passed by the State Duma is named in turn after Dima Yakovlev , a 2-year-old boy who died while in the care of a U.S. adoptive family , RAPSI said . Its implementation would nullify a recent agreement between the United States and Russia in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in inter-country adoptions . "  American families have welcomed more than 60,000 Russian children into American homes over the past 20 years , " Ventrell said . "  Just last month we implemented a bilateral adoptions agreement with Russia to improve safeguards for adopted children and their families . If Russian officials have concerns about the implementation of this agreement , we stand ready to work with them to improve it and remain committed to supporting inter-country adoptions between our two countries . " Only China has more adoptions to the United States than Russia . Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing 19 deaths of Russian children by their adoptive parents since the 1990s , according to local media . In 2010 , an American woman caused outrage after she sent her adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight , saying the boy , then 7 , had violent episodes that made the family fear for its safety . Amnesty International called on Russian lawmakers Thursday to reject their measure , which it said would "  have a chilling effect on human rights defenders and civil society " and end adoptions to the United States . "  There is a huge risk that the vaguely worded provisions in this bill will be used to clamp down on government critics and exposers of abuses . Indeed this would appear to be its real purpose , " said John Dalhuisen , Amnesty International 's Europe and Central Asia program director . "  This bill is frankly a childish response to the Magnitsky Act , " he said . "  The Duma should be focusing its efforts on how it can strengthen Russian civil society and not weaken it . " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	NEW : The United States expresses "  concern " about the measures in the bill The State Duma approves a bill barring U.S. adoption , state media says The measure also imposes restrictions on NGOs and U.S. officials If approved by the Federation Council , the bill will go to Putin to be signed into law
CNN  -- Former Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr will reunite on stage next month to raise money to teach transcendental meditation to children around the world to "  help provide them a quiet haven in a not-so-quiet world , " McCartney said . Paul McCartney  above  and Ringo Starr are teaming up for a fund-raising concert . The star-studded list of performers who will join them include two musicians who were with the Beatles when they journeyed to India 's Himalayan foothills in 1968 to learn transcendental meditation from Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . "  In moments of madness , it has helped me find moments of serenity , " McCartney said in the concert announcement . Profits from the April 4 show at New York 's Radio City Music Hall will fund the David Lynch Foundation 's program , which has already taught 60,000 children around the world how to meditate , foundation spokesman Steve Yellin said . The goal of the project -- which is called "  Change Begins Within " -- is to teach the meditation technique to a million at-risk children so they have "  life-long tools to overcome stress and violence and promote peace and success in their lives , " Yellin said . Schools across the United States have asked the group to bring the classes to their students , he said . "  I would like to think that it would help provide them a quiet haven in a not-so-quiet world , " McCartney said . Singer-songwriter Donovan and musician Paul Horn , who studied at the Maharishi 's ashram with the four Beatles , will also perform in the show . "  How great to be playing with Paul , Ringo , and Paul Horn again -- as we did in India in 1968 , " Donovan said . "  It 's a real reunion after 40 years of Donovan , Paul Horn , Ringo and Paul McCartney , " Yellin said . "  It 's quite an interesting thing that they are still talking about transcendental meditation . " Ringo left the ashram after just 10 days -- explaining the food was too spicy for his taste -- and McCartney stayed for six weeks , according to journalist Lewis Lapham in his book "  With the Beatles . " McCartney and John Lennon wrote many of the songs for the Beatles ' White Album while there , but the group disbanded within two years . The list of performers also includes Sheryl Crow , Eddie Vedder , Ben Harper , Moby , Bettye LaVette and Jim James . Tickets go on sale Monday , March 9 , through Ticketmaster .	Paul McCartney , Ringo Starr participating in fund-raising concert Show to benefit David Lynch Foundation program teaching meditation to kids Also on the bill : Donovan , Paul Horn , Sheryl Crow , Eddie Vedder
CNN  -- Russia said it does not plan to use the International Space Station beyond 2020 , casting a shadow on U.S. plans to continue cooperation with the country and extend the life of the orbiting laboratory until at least 2024 . Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin told reporters Tuesday that Russia is looking to redirect its attention to other projects after 2020 . His comments come as tensions mount over U.S. sanctions on Russia for its role in the crisis in Ukraine . NASA released a statement saying that the U.S. space agency "  has not received any official notification from the Government of Russia on any changes in our space cooperation at this point . " NASA added that cooperation in space has been a hallmark of U.S.-Russian relations , even during the Cold War , and it pointed to the past 13 years of continuous human presence on the orbiting outpost . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki echoed that the United States and Russia have a long history of cooperation in space and that the United States hopes it will continue . At present , the U.S. space program relies on the Russian program . Ever since NASA retired its aging shuttle fleet in 2011 , the only way for astronauts to reach the space station is aboard a Russian Soyuz craft . Private industry has filled a gap by ferrying cargo in low-Earth orbit , and NASA has awarded cargo resupply contracts to the California-based SpaceX and the Virginia-based Orbital Sciences Corporation . SpaceX did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Rogozin 's statements . Orbital spokesman Barron Beneski told CNN that the company did not have an immediate reaction to the Russian reports , and he noted that the company 's contract calls for the delivery of cargo to the space station through 2016 . The United States , Russia , Europe , Japan , and Canada are the principal entities involved in the operation of the International Space Station . The history of human spaceflight NASA to end most activities with Russia CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Greg Seaby and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Russia to stop using orbiting laboratory in 2020 , deputy prime minister says U.S. depends on Russian spacecraft to get to the station with end of shuttle program NASA says it has not received notification , notes longstanding cooperation
CNN  -- The world 's top two players will battle it out for the French Open title on Saturday , but their route to the Roland Garros final could not have been more different . Relief was evident on the face of defending champion and world No. 2 Maria Sharapova who survived a third-set comeback from Victoria Azarenka to nail down a hard-fought 6-1 2-6 6-4 victory . Conversely , Serena Williams , the world No. 1 , was so dominant against Sara Errani that the Italian ironically celebrated the only game she won in a match that lasted just 46 minutes and ended 6-0 6-1 . Sharapova must now try and arrest her poor record against the American , having won just two of their 15 encounters . Saturday 's meeting will be the first time since 1995 that the top two seeds have faced each other in the final . Sharapova , from Russia , had been coasting in the first set but her Belarusian opponent battled back to exert similar dominance over the second . But a delay for rain allowed Sharapova to regroup and when she returned to Court Philippe Chatrier the 26-year-old fought off a late Azarenka charge to book a second successive final . "  I really had to play to the end today and I am extremely happy to be back in the final , " Sharapova told reporters at a press conference . "  The rain delay  gave me a little bit of time to think of what I did well in the first set and try to get that back again for the third . " Azarenka agreed the short rain break had stalled her comeback and played into her opponent 's hands . "  I think the break kind of changed the momentum , for sure , " she said . "  When we got back out I kind of did n't start the same way I was playing in the second set . "  I was just trying to make things happen too quick and started missing the ball . You know , it was a little bit unfortunate and inconsistent in that particular moment . " There were no such twists and turns in the other semifinal as Williams punished Errani , the No. 5 seed , right from the first point to reach only her second final in Paris . Williams hit 40 winners while Errani could only manage two . The Italian managed to claim just five points on Williams ' serve . "  I told myself : ` Serena , just concentrate ' and that 's what I did , " Williams , who beat sister Venus to win the 2002 French Open , said in an on-court interview . "  Against Maria , I will have to prepare slightly differently . She 's a great player . But it 's magnificent to be back in the final after 11 years . " Errani , a losing finalist to Sharapova last year , was philosophical after her sixth straight defeat to her American opponent . "  I enjoyed it , " she told reporters . "  It was a great court , great weather . What she did today was unbelievable . She is so strong and is an unbelievable player . " "  It was a great day . I tried but that 's sport . Sometimes you lose , but you have to stay in there and try until the last point . I gave it my all , but there was nothing I could do . "	Maria Sharapova will face Serena Williams in the women 's French Open final Russia 's Sharapova holds her nerve to beat Victoria Azarenka in three sets Williams destroys Italian Sara Errani by winning 6-0 6-1 in just 46 minutes
London , England  CNN  -- Passengers on Monday vented their fury at Eurostar management as train services between England and France were canceled for a third day , leaving thousands stranded . The cross-Channel operator said a partial train service would resume Tuesday but that was little comfort to many . "  It 's shameful , they gave you 36,000 incorrect pieces of information to get us to leave , " one passenger named Catherine told Agence France-Presse . "  Each time you speak to someone from Eurostar , they tell you something different . " Catherine was one of roughly 75,000 passengers stranded on either side of the English Channel on one of the busiest travel weekends of the year . "  We have to do everything ourselves , we have to pay for everything and hope we will be reimbursed , but some could not get the money together , " 27-year-old Deborah told AFP . Tell us about wintry weather near you Government officials in both France and the United Kingdom also criticized Eurostar . British transport minister Sadiq Khan called the experience terrible for thousands of passengers . "  I am angry that passengers have still not been told what is going on and I have told Eurostar this morning that they must tell the public immediately what their plans are , " Khan said . "  This has been a terrible experience for thousands of passengers , both those stranded on the trains and at the stations . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy called the disruptions "  unacceptable . " There was some good news though for stranded passengers , as Eurostar said they would resume a partial service Tuesday . "  We 're planning on running at two-thirds our normal service tomorrow and we 'll take it from there , " a Eurostar spokesman told CNN . Eurostar runs the high-speed rail service directly linking London to Paris and Brussels via the Channel Tunnel . A later statement from Eurostar said tests on winter weather devices on trains had been successful and that if further trials went well Monday the operator hoped to have 26,000 seats available . However , Nicolas Petrovic , Eurostar chief operation officer said a full service would not resume until after Christmas , according to AFP . Eurostar rail services remained suspended for a third day on Monday as the operator worked to fix a fault that caused a series of breakdowns blamed on winter weather . Following a series of test runs on Sunday , the company said work was under way to "  enhance the snow screens and snow shields in the power cars of the trains . " "  We now understand the cause of the disruption over the weekend and have identified the modifications that are required . As we suspected , the acute weather conditions in northern France have caused the disruption , " Eurostar said . "  We sincerely regret having to take this decision and we understand how frustrated and disappointed travelers will be , particularly those who have been waiting to travel for the last two days , " Eurostar said . Five trains with about 2,000 passengers stopped running Friday night inside the tunnel . A sixth train broke down Saturday in Kent , southern England , with about 700 people aboard . "  We were prisoners in this train for like 18 hours , " one passenger told CNN . The trains that broke down in the tunnel malfunctioned because the air inside was warmer than that outside the tunnel entrance in France , Eurostar spokeswoman Amelle Mouhaddib said . "  It 's a bit like taking a bottle of beer out of the fridge into a warm room -- within minutes it 's covered in condensation , " said Eurostar CEO Richard Brown . "  We think that was the principle cause of the electrical failures on the trains . " Brown called the number of breakdowns "  completely unprecedented . " Passengers affected by the breakdowns are being offered a full refund , another return ticket and # 150 in compensation . The company is not taking any new bookings until after Christmas . The Channel Tunnel is two tunnels separated by a third and smaller service tunnel , so the trains that remained stuck inside did not mean the entire tunnel was blocked . It is 50.5 kilometers  31.4 miles  long , 38 kilometers  23 miles  of which are underwater . CNN 's Paula Newton , Melissa Gray and Phil Han contributed to this report .	Passengers angry as train services between England and France canceled for third day Thousands stranded in England and France after services under English Channel suspended since breakdowns Friday Company hopes to resume two-thirds service Tuesday Work under way to "  enhance snow screens , snow shields in power cars "
CNN  -- Community organization ACORN is fighting back after allegations that it is trying to register voters fraudulently and to swing the presidential election for Democrat Barack Obama . ACORN Executive Director Steve Kest announces the group 's lawsuits and television spot Wednesday . The group this week released a 30-second TV ad calling on Republican candidate John McCain to stop "  attempts at voter suppression across the country . " It also said it was filing several lawsuits around the country to halt the alleged suppression . Republicans have "  challenged election officials , and they 've filed lawsuits in an effort to thwart these new voters -- our citizens -- from casting their votes on Tuesday . This effort must be stopped , " Delaware ACORN board member Hugh Alleyne said during a news conference Wednesday . Watch ACORN , conservatives spar " ACORN contends it tried to help authorities head off election fraud . "  In nearly every case that has been reported , it was ACORN that discovered the bad forms and called them to the attention of election authorities , putting the forms in a package that identified them in writing as suspicious , encouraging election officials to investigate , and offering to help with prosecutions , " ACORN said in an October 9 news release . On Friday , a Pennsylvania judge rejected state Republican Party demands to obtain lists of voters registered by ACORN . The judge , Robert Simpson , said the Pennsylvania Republicans failed to convince him of the need for a preliminary injunction that would have required immediate action in the final days before the election . The state GOP accuses ACORN of widespread fraud in helping register some 140,000 voters in Pennsylvania . "  This kind of manufactured crisis is masking -LSB- Republican -RSB- efforts to keep voters from voting , " ACORN spokeswoman Ali Kronley told CNN . The top lawyer representing the Pennsylvania Republicans said they were "  disappointed . " But , Heather Heidelbaugh added , the wording of the court order indicates the judge thinks ACORN has problems . Simpson said he would favor "  expedited discovery " should someone want to pursue "  evidence that in Pennsylvania practices of ACORN Outreach Workers can encourage duplicate voter registration . " In Lake County , Indiana , nearly half of the 5,000 registrations ACORN submitted in early October were not good . Indiana 's Republican Secretary of State Todd Rokita has requested a criminal investigation , and federal law enforcement officials are considering whether to open a federal investigation based on state reports . During the October 15 presidential debate , McCain said ACORN "  may be destroying the fabric of American democracy . " Officials for ACORN -- which stands for Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- calls such statements hysteria , but acknowledge that some of their hires have turned in improper voter registrations . On its Web site , the group contends that those employees were lazy and did n't want to work for their pay , making ACORN , not the public , the victim . Those workers have been fired and some even prosecuted , and the false registrations have not led to voter fraud , the group contends . "  Even the general counsel of the RNC -LSB- Republican National Committee -RSB- has acknowledged that he can not cite a single example of an improper vote having been cast as a result of alleged voter registration fraud , " ACORN Executive Director Steve Kest said . Former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell , who headed up President Bush 's 2004 campaign in Ohio , has said that Obama once was an organizer and trainer for ACORN . Obama 's campaign says that 's not true . As an attorney , Obama represented ACORN alongside the U.S. Justice Department in suing the state of Illinois to force state compliance with a federal voting access law , the campaign 's Web site says . And ACORN was not involved in Project Vote , a voter registration drive that Obama ran in Illinois in 1992 , according to the Web site . ACORN , founded in 1970 , calls itself "  the nation 's largest grassroots community organization of low - and moderate-income people . " It says it has more than 400,000 member families organized into more than 1,200 neighborhood chapters in 110 cities . Besides voter registration , the group focuses on issues such as predatory lending , minimum wage and funding for public schools , according to the Web site . It also provides free tax-return preparation for low-income people and screening for state and federal benefit programs . Republican hostility for ACORN goes back a long way . Former U.S. Attorney David Iglesias said the Bush administration fired him and eight other federal prosecutors in 2006 for political reasons , among them his refusal to pursue election fraud charges against organizations like ACORN . "  It 's easy to make accusations , but ultimately a prosecutor has to prove that case beyond a reasonable doubt in federal court , " Iglesias said . Officials with the McCain campaign maintain that the dumping of thousands of phony registrations on local election boards makes it harder for those boards to do their job , opening the door to voter fraud on Election Day . CNN 's Carol Costello and Paul Courson contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge denies Pennsylvania GOP request for ACORN voter list Group denies facilitating election fraud through false registrations ACORN accuses Republicans of trying to suppress votes Republican hostility toward group goes back a long way
Most anyone who has snacked on a Samoa or thrown down a Thin Mint knows they can be hard to resist . But selling them ? One Girl Scout in Oklahoma has found that she , too , just ca n't get enough . Having broken her state record for cookie sales two years running , Katie Francis did herself -- and everyone else , ever -- one better this year by selling more than 18,000 boxes of Girl Scout cookies . "  I 'm really , really happy , " the sixth-grader told CNN affiliate KOCO . "  I can go around knowing that I now hold a world record . " The Girl Scouts , of course , are about more than baked goods . Since its founding in Savannah , Georgia , in 1912 , the group has grown in its mission to give millions of young women a forum to build "  courage , confidence and character , " according to its website . That said , especially in recent decades -- and perhaps especially for those not directly involved in scouting beyond buying a box -- the Girl Scouts have also become synonymous with Do-si-dos , Tagalongs , Trefoils and other popular cookies . Selling them is important to local councils , bringing in money that 's used to offer scouting opportunities for some , maintain camps and the like . Cookie sales ' importance is one reason why , every year , you can reliably see Girl Scouts out and about asking you to buy a box . Katie Francis , though , officially took salesmanship to a whole new level . "  Katie is an example of the entrepreneurial spirit and can-do attitude that exemplifies Girl Scouts , " the organization 's CEO , Anna Maria Chavez , said Tuesday . In her four years as a cookie-selling scout , the member of Troop No. 3469 has always been a big-time seller . This time around , she decided to go even bigger -- aiming for not just a state record , but a world record . Why ? Her mother , DeLee Francis , told KOCO admits , "  It 's very time consuming , and it takes a lot of energy , and a lot of adrenaline . " Thankfully , the northwest Oklahoma City resident does n't seem to be lacking in the energy or eagerness department . "  Cookie selling is just so much fun for me , " Katie said . For three weeks , every day after school and on weekends , she pitched her products door to door . After that , Katie set up booths at hot spots and stores around Oklahoma City . Every step was monitored , such that if the hourly sales goal was n't met , she and her mother would head somewhere else . Sometimes the cookies practically sold themselves . But the 12-year-old also offered incentives , like drawings for prizes , and a little song and dance to lure customers . Katie recalled : "  Some people bought cookies only because they saw me singing . " When she found out she 'd broken the record dating to the 1980s , Katie said she was the one dancing , she was so excited . What this achievement did not do , however , was break her cookie-selling groove . In fact , she 's still at it . Katie hopes to smash the 20,000-cookie mark before the official end date for cookie sales on Sunday , March 30 . To put this milestone in perspective , nationally each Girl Scout sells 150 boxes a year on average . She and her mom have wagons and a hatchback car packed with shortbread cookies and Savannah Smiles , looking for customers . They 're also keeping in mind what Katie says are the three ingredients for cookie-selling success . As she explained : "  It takes a lot of time , commitment and asking everybody that I see . "	Katie Francis sells more than 18,000 boxes of Girl Scout cookies , and she 's still going She broke the organization 's world record set in the 1980s "  Cookie selling is just so much fun for me , " Katie says Some "  bought cookies only because they saw me singing , " she adds
CNN  -- The editor of the Irish Daily Star resigned Saturday "  as a result of the publication on 15 September 2012 , " which revealed topless photos of the duchess of Cambridge , according to a statement from the paper . The images showed Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , sunbathing , igniting a firestorm of controversy in the British media and stern comments from Buckingham Palace . Michael O'Kane had been suspended earlier , following the publication . Angry royals take topless photo battle to court Palace officials quickly blasted the images and their publication in what they called a "  grotesque " invasion of privacy . The grainy pictures appear to have been taken with a long camera lens while the duchess and her husband Prince William were staying at a private chateau in Provence in southern France St. James 's Palace officials said in September that they "  believe a red line has been crossed . " The palace confirmed that the couple is taking legal action . When to publish , when not ...	Images showed duchess sunbathing with Prince William in southern France The grainy pictures appear to be taken with a long camera lens Palace officials quickly blasted the images , calling them a "  grotesque " invasion of privacy
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea is considering hunting whales in the waters off its shores for what it says are scientific purposes , drawing criticism from environmental groups and countries around the Pacific Rim . Citing calls from fishermen for a resumption of limited whaling , the head of the South Korean delegation to the International Whaling Commission , Kang Joon-suk , said Wednesday that Seoul was working on a proposal to hunt minke whales migrating off the Korean Peninsula . Korean fishermen complain the whales are disrupting their fishing activities and eating fish stocks , Kang said at the commission 's annual meeting in Panama . Nonlethal measures are not enough to assess the whales ' numbers and feeding habits , he said . But environmental organizations were skeptical about the South Korean explanation . "  We believe this move is a thinly veiled attempt by Korea to conduct commercial whaling under the guise of scientific research , similar to hunts conducted by Japan in the Southern Ocean whale sanctuary , " said Wendy Elliott , head of World Wildlife Fund 's delegation to the whaling commission . ` Whale Wars ' captain freed on bail from German jail Japan hunts whales each year despite a worldwide moratorium in place since the 1980s , utilizing a loophole in the law that allows for killing the mammals for scientific research . Environmental activists like the organization Sea Shepherd track the Japanese hunters , facing off with them in a high seas drama that has led to collisions of ships , the detaining of activists and the firing of smoke bombs . South Korea intends to pursue a similar approach to Japan by submitting a proposal to the Scientific Committee of the International Whaling Commission . Other countries in the region reacted to Seoul 's plans with dismay . "  I am very disappointed by this announcement by South Korea , " Prime Minister Julia Gillard of Australia said Thursday . "  We are completely opposed to whaling ; there 's no excuse for scientific whaling . " Gillard said she had instructed the Australian ambassador to South Korea to take the matter up "  at the highest levels of the Korean government . " Save the whales ? There 's an app for that New Zealand intends to take similar action over the situation , Foreign Minister Murray McCully said , suggesting that South Korea 's plans could undermine the standing of the International Whaling Commission . The announcement "  will put further pressure on an organization that already has significant difficulty sustaining itself as a credible international institution , " he said . The United States also opposes Seoul 's proposal , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said in a statement . "  We are extremely concerned about South Korea 's push to kill whales in the name of research , " said Russell Smith , deputy assistant secretary for international fisheries at the agency . "  Legitimate research can be done without killing whales . " The minke whales that would be the target of South Korea 's proposed hunt are considered endangered by the whaling commission 's Scientific Committee , WWF said in a statement . But Seoul is suggesting that the number of minke whales in the north Pacific has "  recovered considerably . " In his statement to the whaling commission , South Korea 's Kang said that his country 's "  whaling history dates back to prehistoric times , and whale meat is still part of a culinary tradition of some of Korea 's local areas such as Ulsan . " Before the international moratorium came into effect in 1986 , Koreans were catching about 1,000 minke whales each year in the waters around the peninsula , he said . But his claim that the whales were now making life difficult for fishermen failed to impress environmental groups . "  Blaming whales for declining fish populations is like blaming woodpeckers for deforestation , " Greenpeace said in a statement . "  Whales do not cause declines in fishing stocks , over fishing and mismanagement by humans do . " Japan ends whaling season 70 % below quota CNN 's K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	The U.S. , Australia and New Zealand express opposition to the plan South Korea says whales are disrupting fishermen 's activities Official raises the prospect of hunting minke whales off the Korean Peninsula Environmental group says the move is a "  thinly veiled attempt " to carry out commercial whaling
How do you solve the problem of choking road traffic in one of the world 's bustling megacities ? You bring in the robot cops . In Kinshasa , the sprawling capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo , two humanoid robots have been installed in high-traffic areas to regulate the flow of vehicles and help drivers and pedestrians traverse the roads safely . Read this : The daily grind of commuting in Africa 's economic hubs The goal is to ease the traffic woes of commuters and cut the number of road accidents in the center of Kinshasa , a city of some 10 million people . "  It is an innovation about road safety , " Vale Manga Wilma , president of the DRC 's National Commission for Road Safety  Commission Nationale de Prevention Routiere  , told CNN . "  The traffic is a big problem in the rush hours , " he explained . "  With the robots ' policemen intelligence , the road safety in Kinshasa becomes very easy . " Read this : Megacity 's ambitious plans Standing eight feet tall , the robot traffic wardens are on duty 24 hours a day , their towering -- even scarecrow-like -- mass visible from afar . They are powered by solar panels and are equipped with rotating chests and surveillance cameras that record the flow of vehicles . The humanoids , which are installed on Kinshasa 's busy Triomphal and Lumumba intersections , are built of aluminum and stainless steel to endure the city 's year-round hot climate . Featuring green and red lights , Kinshasa 's robot cops are designed to merge some of the functions of human officers and traffic lights . The anthropomorphic robots can raise or bend their arms to stop passing vehicles or let others pass , and are also programmed to speak , indicating to pedestrians when they can cross the road . Manga Wilma said that this is a DRC-made technology , designed and built by a team of local engineers called WITECH ONG . READ MORE : Africa 's ` new cities ' - Urban future or utopian fantasies ? READ MORE : Africa 's giant infrastructure projects	Two talking robots have been installed in the DRC capital Kinshasa to regulate traffic They are powered by solar panels and are equipped with surveillance cameras The aim is to cut accidents and help reduce traffic in Kinshasa 's busy streets
CNN  -- In January 1999 , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced on live television that he was firing his defense minister , Yitzhak Mordechai . The minister , Netanyahu argued , had colluded with his political rivals and was aiming to undermine the Prime Minister 's authority . Mordechai would go on to lead a centrist party and play a pivotal role in the victory of Ehud Barak and the Labor Party over Netanyahu . Fifteen years later , and Netanyahu has again taken to the airwaves , announcing the firing of two senior Cabinet members . Is history set to repeat itself ? On Tuesday , Netanyahu accused Finance Minister Yair Lapid and Justice Minister Tzipi Livni , the main centrist leaders of his center-to-far-right coalition , of disloyalty and of undermining his authority , publicly criticizing his policies and conspiring to form an alternative coalition . As a result , Israel now heads to elections , tentatively scheduled for March . If you 're scratching your head and wondering , "  Did n't Israel hold elections recently ? " then you 're not alone . This Knesset , the 19th , will be one of the shortest serving parliaments in Israel 's 66-year history . As a result , just two years after they last headed to the polls , Israeli voters and politicians are wondering aloud why these elections are necessary . But will the outcome of the elections resemble those of 1999 , which prompted Netanyahu to take a hiatus from political life ? Netanyahu is a leader with remarkably few confidants , and has never excelled at the art of personal politics . After three terms as prime minister , "  Netanyahu fatigue " has set in across the political spectrum and even within his own party , and some have already suggested the election is effectively a referendum on the country 's leader . And in some ways , Netanyahu really is vulnerable . Livni and Netanyahu had clashed over a "  basic law "  akin to a constitutional amendment  to reaffirm Israel 's status as the nation state of the Jewish people , a bill that attracted scathing critiques from , among others , President Ruvi Rivlin  of Netanyahu 's own Likud party  , and his predecessor Shimon Peres . Lapid and Netanyahu clashed over measures to deal with the politically explosive issue of the high cost of living and a growing wealth gap between Israelis . But perhaps most importantly , security issues -- especially the dramatic erosion of Israelis ' sense of personal security over the past six months -- have undermined Netanyahu 's position . After all , he has long prided himself on the relative calm during his years as Prime Minister . And , though hawkish , Netanyahu had been far more hesitant to go to war than some of his more dovish peers . Yet in the aftermath of the lengthy conflict in Gaza last summer , some Israelis were disappointed with Netanyahu 's decision not to topple Hamas , which strengthened the political hand of right-wing leaders like Minister of the Economy Naftali Bennett of the Jewish Home party , a former aide of Netanyahu 's who left the Prime Minister 's office amid acrimony , and Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , another former aide and ally of Netanyahu whose relations with the Prime Minister have seen several ups and downs . This has occurred against the backdrop of a wave of terrorist attacks against civilians , most notably a gruesome attack on a synagogue in Jerusalem , midprayer , which left five dead . A palpable sense of personal fear is apparent and , naturally , nothing motivates voters more . All this said , this is not 1999 . When then-Defense Minister Mordechai left the Likud , he joined a cascade of respected , veteran leaders who had broken with the young , brash and inexperienced Prime Minister . Fast forward to today , and it is the veteran Netanyahu , a steady hand and a known commodity  for better or worse  who is firing a brash , inexperienced Lapid in the name of proper governance . The reality is that while public opinion currently holds Netanyahu at fault for the political crisis , it remains at a loss as to who might replace him . In general , in democracies , incumbents lose more than challengers win ; when leaders are replaced it is usually because the voters are fed up with their reigning leaders . And yet , for a change of leadership , there must be a credible challenger there to pick up the pieces . Instead , today -- by attrition and political longevity -- Netanyahu has found himself seemingly alone as a major player in the political sphere . The challenge for the opposition is therefore formidable . The Israeli public has moved to the right and , with every terrorist attack , the hawkish camp solidifies its advantage . The most likely outcome , at present , would be a new Netanyahu government with a stronger right wing and religious base , including the ultra-Orthodox parties that were shunned from this coalition at Lapid 's demand . Netanyahu may even bring weakened centrist figures back into the coalition , having lost their veto power in parliament . Indeed , even those dismissed this week by Netanyahu have so far refused to promise that they will not join another Netanyahu coalition . And yet , a Netanyahu defeat is not out of the question . He is the clear front-runner , but the campaign has barely begun , and party alignments are still unclear . Livni may well join forces with either Lapid or with Labor ; a new party of former Likud minister Moshe Kahlon has yet to truly form but already shows considerable promise . In addition , several new entrants are expected in the political sphere as well , some of whom have impressive resumes in security , diplomacy and academia . It is by now a clichÃ © to call an Israeli election the most important ever . Instead , it is most likely that the outcome will be a continuation , or even accentuation , of current Israeli policy . But with the dramatic challenges Israel faces , domestically , regionally and internationally , expect the sense of malaise in Israeli politics to deepen . These elections may simply be a prelude to a deeper political crisis .	Natan Sachs : Benjamin Netanyahu more vulnerable than he seems Poll to come after Netanyahu fired two ministers Growing concerns over security could hurt PM at poll : Sachs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama will rack up plenty of frequent flyer miles this summer with planned trips in Africa , Russia and Italy . President Obama will travel to Ghana for two days after the G8 Summit in July . Obama , along with his wife , Michelle , will visit Accra , Ghana , on July 10 and July 11 , the White House said Saturday . It will follow Obama 's trip to the G8 summit in L'Aquila , Italy , from July 8 to July 10 . Obama will address various bilateral and regional issues with Ghanaian President John Atta Mills , the White House said in a news statement . "  The President and Mrs. Obama look forward to strengthening the U.S. relationship with one of our most trusted partners in sub-Saharan Africa , and to highlighting the critical role that sound governance and civil society play in promoting lasting development , " according to the statement . Obama announced a week ago that he will visit Egypt on June 4 to deliver a speech on America 's relationship with the Muslim world . Egypt is "  a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said at the time . Gibbs deflected several questions at his daily briefing about whether Egypt is a wise choice given President Hosni Mubarak 's resistance to making his government more democratic . Obama originally promised to deliver the speech during his first 100 days , but senior administration officials say the date slipped in part because of security and logistical issues . Obama has visited Africa before as a senator . In 2006 , he received a hero 's welcome in his father 's native Kenya . Before the G8 summit , the president is scheduled to travel to Moscow from July 6 to July 8 at the invitation of Russian leader Dmitry Medvedev . The G8 is made up of Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , England and the United States .	Obama to visit Ghana after his trip to Italy 's G8 Summit in July Obama also planning to visit Egypt , Russia this summer Obama last traveled to Africa in 2006
Two men , Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale , were found guilty Thursday of the murder of British soldier Lee Rigby near a military barracks in southeast London in May . Their slaying of Rigby , whom they mowed down and hacked to death in the full view of horrified onlookers in the capital 's Woolwich neighborhood , shocked the nation . Cellphone footage replayed in court at the trial showed Adebolajo , still clutching a meat cleaver in his bloody hands , ranting that the killing was "  an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth " for British soldiers killing Muslims overseas . The two were found not guilty of attempted murder of a police officer , in a verdict that took about 90 minutes to come at the Old Bailey court in London . Adebolajo , 29 , and Adebowale , 22 , had pleaded not guilty to both charges . The two men are expected to be sentenced in January . Adebolajo used the opportunity of a not guilty plea to defend himself in court and declare himself a warrior for Allah . He saw himself as much of a soldier as Rigby , who had previously served in Afghanistan , and said he saw al Qaeda as his "  brothers in Islam . " As he was led out of court after the verdict , Adebolajo faced the media and kissed the Quran he carried . Rigby 's family and widow , who were in court to hear much of the harrowing evidence , cried after the verdicts were read . In a statement outside the court , read by Detective Inspector Pete Sparks , the soldier 's family gave their thanks for the "  overwhelming support " they 'd received and said they were proud of how Rigby had served his country . "  This is the toughest time of our lives . No one should have to go through what we 've been through as a family . We are satisfied that justice has been done but unfortunately no amount of justice will bring Lee back , " it said . "  These people have taken him away from us forever but his memory lives on in all of us and we will never forget him . " The family , asking to be left alone to grieve in private , said they would now focus on the future of Rigby 's young son , Jack . Domestic terrorism threat The brutal attack , recorded on closed-circuit TV and by bystanders , brought the consequences of British support for wars in Afghanistan and Iraq after September 11 , 2001 , to London 's suburbs . Like attacks on U.S. soldiers by Islamist extremists on American soil , the attack on Rigby caused political concern about the implications of domestic terrorism in a country that has fought al Qaeda and Islamic terrorism and also has a significant Muslim population . However , although tensions were heightened in some areas after the attack , determined efforts by community leaders helped to prevent them from escalating . "  This horrific attack and murder , which took place in broad daylight on the streets of London , shocked the whole country , " said Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick , of London 's Metropolitan Police , following the verdict . "  It was intended to divide our communities . It has had largely the opposite effect , and in fact brought people together . " Dick said the force supported the court 's decision to find the two men not guilty of the attempted murder of a police officer . "  But I would also like to pay tribute to those firearms officers who were faced with a terrifying situation and displayed extreme courage and professionalism , " she said . The prosecution had argued that when they ran toward the police vehicle that responded after Rigby 's murder -- with Adebolajo holding a knife and Adebowale a gun -- they intended to kill a police officer . However , the defense argued that the two men wanted to be killed by police . The gun was not loaded . Sue Hemming , head of the Crown Prosecution Service 's counterterrorism branch , said it would ask for the court to "  find that this murder was motivated by terrorism when the defendants come to be sentenced , so that all options under counterterrorism legislation are available to the judge . " She added , "  As a soldier , this young father had dedicated his life to keeping people safe , including from the threat of terrorism . That dedication to his country cost him his life , and was in stark contrast to the appalling conduct and extremist views of the men who murdered him . " Home Secretary Theresa May said the "  sickening and barbaric murder " of Rigby had "  united the entire nation in condemnation . " "  Violence and extremism of any kind have absolutely no place in our society and can not be justified , " she said . Protesters who gathered outside the Old Bailey criminal court Thursday demanded capital punishment for the two defendants . Britain does not have the death penalty . They ` seemed very proud ' Summing up the case Thursday morning , Judge Nigel Sweeney reminded jurors of what happened in the 13 minutes between Lee Rigby 's body being dragged into the middle of a road near the Woolwich barracks and the arrival of police . The judge quoted from statements made by witnesses who watched as the two men lingered at the scene . One described the defendants as "  posing " and said they "  seemed very proud of what they had in their hands . " Another said : "  They looked pleased with what they had done . " Other statements quoted by the judge recounted how Adebolajo spoke to bystanders , telling them "  women and children are safe but keep back when the police and soldiers get here . " They recalled him talking about "  Muslim lands . " The judge also referred to the statements made by police who shot and disabled the defendants when they arrived at the scene . One described how a female officer who was driving the police vehicle feared she was going to die when Adebolajo ran at the car and then again when Adebowale aimed a gun at her . The judge also cited details of Adebolajo 's police interview and witness testimony , including that he loved al Qaeda , and that he had tried to cut off Rigby 's head because it was the proper method under Allah . ` Moral conviction ' In his closing argument Wednesday , lawyer David Gottlieb described Adebolajo as intelligent , totally sincere in his beliefs and as someone who has shown "  absolute honesty and moral conviction . " Adebolajo had told the court he killed the soldier because he was fighting a war . While Adebolajo took to the stand earlier this month , Adebowale did not give evidence at the trial . Adebowale 's lawyer , Abbas Lakha asked jurors to set aside their prejudice and emotion in the case . He echoed Adebolajo 's testimony regarding their intent . When he was asked earlier this month what his defense to the charge of murder was , Adebolajo said : "  I am a soldier . I am a soldier of Allah . " Both defense lawyers argued that was not the same as intent to murder . But the judge told the jury that the defense argument that the killing of Rigby was an act of war or of retaliation did not apply in this case .	Relatives say Lee Rigby has been taken away from them , but his memory lives on The jury finds Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale guilty of Lee Rigby 's murder Both are found not guilty of the attempted murder of a police officer Michael Adebolajo kisses his Quran as he is led out of court after the verdict
CNET  -- When it comes to 3D television , I do n't see it . Literally . The technology that 's supposed to convince me that a 3D image exists when I look at a 2D screen does n't work for me . Nor does it work for a small but significant percentage of the population -- 4 percent to 10 percent , depending on which expert you ask . Me , and millions of people like me , are being left behind by content and hardware companies as they move to 3D . I do n't mean to complain . It 's not the end of the world . Flat-viewers , like me , can watch 2D versions of 3D content . I saw "  Avatar " in the non-3D version . As a bonus , the theater was nearly empty -- the 3D showing down the hall was more crowded . Plus , we did n't have to wear those dorky glasses . Of course , we are social beings , and not being able to view 3D means that group or family outings to 3D showings are awkward for the flat viewers , who may have to sit through a showing that will cause headaches or just look bad to them . But the flat-viewer 's experience with 3D imagery can vary . While I find viewing 3D imagery uncomfortable , Daniel Terdiman , another person at CNET who ca n't see 3D , saw the 3D version of Avatar and wore the 3D glasses . It looked fine to him , just not 3D . Manufacturers are mute At CES this year , the trend toward 3D in home television sets was unmissable , but there was no mention by the manufacturers of how this move would affect flat viewers . I was curious how the hardware companies , which fight for every point of market share jealously , could cavalierly ignore the large number of us who wo n't like this new direction . It 's a lot of market . How are they planning to deal with losing it ? Oddly , none of the HDTV manufacturing companies I reached out to could provide a direct comment on this topic , but I did talk with people familiar with the industry and with an optometrist who has a vested interest in promoting the growth of 3D content viewing . Bruce Berkoff of the LCDTV Association and formerly a marketing executive at LG , noted that for all the hype around 3D , the television manufacturers are not really investing much in putting products on store shelves , nor are they expecting consumers to pay for it yet . Adding the capability for televisions to display alternating images for stereoscopic viewing through electronic shutter glasses is not expensive . It 's the glasses themselves that are , and only a few 3D-capable sets actually come bundled with them . So consumers will be able to soon buy televisions ready for 3D without spending much . Berkoff , and everyone else I talked to about 3D TV , reminded me that a good 3D TV is also a good 2D TV . You should be able to turn off the 3D display features and view content designed specifically for 3D but in 2D : You just show the view for only one eye . If the refresh rate of the program is high enough , you should not notice much of a difference in picture quality . Get your eyes examined From the optometrist 's perspective , the inability to process stereoscopic imagery is , for many people , a treatable condition . Dr. Brad Habermehl , president of the College of Optometrists in Vision Development , told me , "  You do n't have to be a 3D refugee if you get to the root of the problem . The majority of stereo-blind people really can be helped . " Habermehl says that there are methods to teach people to see in 3D . Using graduated methods and physical aids  lenses  as "  training wheels , " he says , people can eventually learn how to "  point both eyes to focus on the same space . " It 's like riding a bike . Once you learn , the training wheels come off and you ca n't imagine not doing it . "  Vision is definitely learned , " he says . "  That 's what vision training is . " The doctor sounded to me suspiciously like a spokesperson for the 3D television manufacturers , or at least a recipient of some marketing dollars from them . But he 's not . "  It would be nice if they would fund us , " he said . But after reminding me that "  Avatar " had already made $ 1 billion in box office receipts , he added , "  I do n't think the industry is worried about this . " Personally , I have no interest in undergoing medical treatment just so I can spend more money on consumer electronics . Although Dr. Oliver Sacks , in a compelling New Yorker article , did make me wonder what my kind is missing . And regardless of whether you see in 3D or not , the technology is inexorably changing the visual language of movies and television shows . When directors create shows for 3D , they ca n't rely on cinematic methods viewers are used to in 2D for conveying action , depth , and movement . Hard cuts and swooping camera moves can disorient viewers new to 3D . The new standard of practice is to lock down the camera and move the action around it , instead of the reverse , which is the case in today 's 2D movies . Good 3D movies today will appear subtly more stately and cinematic than 2D shows . The future of the 3D feature For all the hype at CES , 3D for the next few years is likely to be a "  feature " in the new crop of TVs , according to Gary Merson of the HDGuru3D site . "  It 's not black-and-white to color , " Merson says . "  It 's a feature , like Internet connectivity and stereo . " He also points out that the content is not there yet , and that many consumers have only recently upgraded their tube televisions to HD flat screens . For people like me , for whom the world is flat , this feature can not roll out slowly enough . © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	The author 's eyes will not let him see 3D images on a TV or movie screen A small but significant percentage of the population can not see 3D images They may be left behind by Hollywood and TV makers ' rush to 3D technology TV makers say users can turn off 3D display features and just view content in 2D
CNN  -- Why are some people amazingly successful -- and other people with the same intelligence or abilities just part of the crowd ? Malcolm Gladwell tries to find out why some people are successful in his new book , "  Outliers . " Malcolm Gladwell , the New Yorker writer who 's made a living dissecting questions such as how small trends become major movements  "  The Tipping Point "  and the value of snap judgments  "  Blink "  , was curious about that subject , and -- typically -- set out to find some answers . The result is his new book "  Outliers "  Little , Brown  , which finds parallels between the Beatles , Bill Gates and Canadian hockey players -- as well as reasons why planes operated by members of particular cultures have a greater likelihood of crashing . John Roberts of CNN 's "  American Morning " spoke to Gladwell on Friday . The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : We always think that it 's the smartest people that become the most successful . You postulate in this new book -LSB- that -RSB- it 's not always intelligence that leads to success . You say "  it 's not the brightest who succeed , it 's rather a gift . Outliers are those given opportunities who have the strength and presence of mind to seize them . " But there are also some commonalities with these outliers . Malcolm Gladwell : Yes . I 'm really interested in things like the effects of generation . So what does it mean ? I have a chapter that looks at some of the most powerful people in Silicon Valley . And almost all of them are born in 1955 : Steve Jobs at Apple , Bill Gates at Microsoft , Bill Joy -- who is one of those famous programmers -- a bunch of guys at Sun Microsystems . The argument there is that they were 21 when the computer revolution hit , and that 's how old you want to be when you 're confronted with a new revolution . That 's the kind of pattern that you see , over and over again , when you look at the lives of very successful people . That it 's not just their own abilities , it 's being in the right place at the right time , it 's coming from a certain kind of culture , it 's having certain built-in advantages . CNN : There were also some happy accidents along the way . For example , if Bill Gates had n't been put into a private school , which actually had a computer -- one of the first schools to ever have a computer -- perhaps he may not have become the mogul that he was . Gladwell : Yes , he has this incredible childhood . ... I talked to him , and he was going through the extraordinary one-in-a-million lucky breaks that characterized his childhood . He got to start programming on a computer in 1968 as a 13-year-old when nobody was programming . So he was way ahead of the crowd by the time he starts Microsoft . CNN : You and I both lived in Canada , developed a love for Canadian hockey , and you found by looking at Canadian hockey teams that there 's a certain commonality between all of the best players , at least in the junior hockey league system , which I imagine translates to the pros as well . Gladwell : Oh , absolutely . An extraordinary number of hockey players who are professionals are born in January , February and March . And that 's because the cutoff date for age-class hockey is January 1st . So when they go to ... recruit kids for all-star teams when they 're 8 or 9 years old , they think they 're choosing the most talented ones , but actually they 're choosing the biggest ones . Because if you 're born in January and you 're 8 , you 're a lot taller , more mature and taller and bigger and stronger than someone born in December . CNN : Because development is much faster there -- Gladwell : At that age , and so that advantage you get as an 8-year-old , you get plucked out and given proper coaching and more games and more practice -- and by the time you 're 18 , you actually are better . CNN : Another fascinating finding is that you are more likely to be in a plane crash if the pilot comes from a particular country . What 's that all about ? Gladwell : Yes . That 's a fascinating thing . The single most important variable in determining whether a plane crashes is not the plane , it 's not the maintenance , it 's not the weather , it 's the culture the pilot comes from . Planes are flown safely when the pilot and co-pilot are in open and honest communication . And in cultures where it is difficult for a junior person to speak openly to a superior , you have lots of plane crashes . CNN : And you said the Avianca crash here in -LSB- New York 's -RSB- Oyster Bay ... is a very clear example of that . Gladwell : Where the co-pilot was so intimidated by air traffic control , he could not tell them they were running out of fuel , and they crashed . They just go around and crashed . CNN : Some of the ideas of this book were criticized by The New York Times , which said the book "  is glib , poorly reasoned , thoroughly unconvincing . Much of what Mr. Gladwell has to say about superstars is little more than common sense : that talent alone is not enough to assure success , that opportunity , hard work , timing and luck play important roles as well . " What do you say about that ? Gladwell : I do n't think -- I start from a very common-sense premise , but it takes you in all kinds of interesting areas . I would n't say that you know the stuff about pilots , the stuff about hockey players being born in January , it does n't sound like common sense to me . So you know , I think what 's interesting about this book is I take a series of ideas which we all know , and then I say , look , it 's more complicated and more interesting and more fascinating than we would have ever imagined . CNN : Anything we can do to try to employ some of these techniques ? Gladwell : Well , the end of the book talks about what we should be doing as a country . It 's less about what we can do . When we understand that success is so much a part of the world of which we 're a part , we move away from this idea that 's about self-help and we move towards this idea that it 's time for us to be providing opportunities to a group .	Malcolm Gladwell 's new book , "  Outliers , " studies reasons for success Successful people are n't just smart ; they 've had timing , contacts in their favor Book also touches on role of culture in creating  or blocking  success
CNN  -- If Marco Lavoie had not been rescued when he was , the Quebec man probably would have perished within 48 hours . He was hypothermic , dehydrated and near starvation in the unforgiving cold of northwestern Quebec when police rescued him Wednesday . Lavoie 's survival might be called miraculous , as he had been in the wilderness for more than three months . The 44-year-old is an experienced outdoorsman , but an encounter with a bear changed his luck , Quebec police said At some point during a planned two-month canoe trek in the Lake Matagami area , a bear attacked Lavoie 's campsite , eating his food and ruining his equipment , police spokeswoman Christine Coulombe said . The bear did not injure Lavoie but left him without the tools or resources to survive . Police say they have yet to speak with Lavoie to get details . Minnesota hiker falls from cliff to his death near Yosemite waterfall "  In these parts , there 's a subculture of people who go on these long trips into the middle of nowhere , but sometimes we forgot how dangerous it can be , " Gerald Lemoine , mayor of a small town near Matagami , told the Montreal Gazette . The rescued canoeist began his adventure July 16 , Coulombe said . It was n't until three months later , on October 21 , that his family called authorities because too long had passed without Lavoie 's return . Police conducted searches for eight days , weather permitting , with no luck . Rescuers in a helicopter finally spotted Lavoie on Wednesday , but they could not safely land at that spot , Coulombe said . So officers had to hike in to pick him up and carry him more than a mile to the chopper . Lavoie 's condition was such that he was barely able to speak and at first could n't even drink water , the Gazette reported . Had he spent another day or two in the elements , he would have starved to death , police spokesman Ronald McInnis said . The man had lost half of his body weight , he said . It was Lavoie 's German shepherd who scared the bear away on the day of the attack , but the dog did not survive the ordeal , McInnis said . "  Up there , in the Canadian shield , there 's little plant life to live off , so he would have been slowly , painfully dying when they found him . It 's an amazing feat that he was able to keep himself alive this long with almost no equipment , " survival instructor Caleb Musgrave told the Gazette . "  When you start to go hungry , you get mood swings , your mind breaks , and you cramp up all over your body . Eventually , your body will start cannibalizing itself , eating away at the fat in your organs and then in your muscles . It takes someone who wo n't give up in the face of that , " he added . Woman carries stranded , wounded pit bill down mountain	Bear attacked Marco Lavoie 's campsite , leaving him without tools for survival The bear ate his food and ruined his equipment Police found him near death three months after he began trip
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Voters dealt major blows to Greece 's two most established parties in parliamentary elections Sunday , leaving no party with anything approaching a majority and the politically and economically volatile nation even more in flux . With 97 % of votes counted early Monday by the Interior Ministry , the right-leaning New Democracy -- part of the present ruling coalition -- finished first with 19 % support to capture 109 seats . That figure is barely half the percentage that it won in elections in 2009 and well short of what party leader Antonis Samaras admitted it hoped for entering this weekend . "  I asked for a strong mandate , but people chose differently . I respect their message , " Samaras said in remarks carried live on state television . "  Today 's result expresses people 's disappointment towards the implemented dead-end economic policy that tested their limits and did n't include the necessary development policy . " In an apparent backlash against austerity measures , no party came close to a majority , and the two parties that spearhead the current coalition government earned far short of 50 % of all 300 parliamentary seats . That means a new coalition government will again have to be formed . Politicians have until May 17 to come up with a new working alliance or , if they can not , set a date for another round of elections . Samaras acknowledged the results were disappointing to his party , but said that as the first-place finisher and "  only pillar of political stability in Greece , " New Democracy now has even more responsibility . If a coalition government can be formed , he said its two priorities would be to remain in the eurozone and alter existing policies , including stringent austerity measures , to "  achieve development and offer people relief . " "  I understand people 's rage , but I will not let the country  exist  without a government , " Samaras said . The other party to see its support plummet was left-leaning PASOK , New Democracy 's coalition partner . Three years after beating out all other parties with 44 % of the vote , PASOK took 13.3 % this time -- giving it 41 spots in parliamentary , compared to 160 after the previous election . PASOK 's leader , Evangelos Venizelos , said in a speech carried on state TV that he favored the formation of a unity government that is "  EU-oriented , regardless of what their take is on " previously implemented measures . The tribulations of New Democracy and PASOK were matched by triumphs of a number of other parties that were also-rans and in some cases nonexistent just a few years ago , propelled by voters angry about stringent austerity measures . Elections in Europe : Socialist wins French presidency The radical leftist coalition Syriza passed PASOK with a strong second-place showing . Exit polls predicted it would garner 10 % support , but instead Syriza garnered 16.7 % support , according to the all-but-final results . That more than triples its parliamentary representation to 51 seats . "  This is a message of a peaceful revolution , " said Syriza party leader Alexis Tsipras . "  European leadership and especially  German Chancellor Angela  Merkel have to understand that austerity policies have suffered defeat . " The fourth-place finisher , the Independent Greek party , was founded in February by ousted New Democracy parliamentarian Panos Kammenos . With 10.6 % backing , this right-wing nationalist party , which opposes Greece 's agreement with the European Union and International Monetary Fund , will now have 33 seats in parliament . The Communist Party , which wants Greece to leave the single-currency eurozone , also saw gains in winning 8.5 % support . And the far-right Golden Dawn party , which got 0.3 % of votes the previous election , ended up with 7 % support on Sunday . That equates to rise from zero to 21 parliamentary seats . Its leader , Nikos Michaloliakos , gave a rousing speech after Sunday 's vote saying Golden Dawn would "  fight so that Greece wo n't be a slave of the memorandum and of the social jungle that illegal immigrants have brought in this country . " "  Everyone who betrays Hellenism should be afraid . We are coming , " he said . Katerina Sokou , financial editor of the Greek daily newspaper Kathimerini , called what happened Sunday "  a protest vote  against  the main two political parties of Greece . " Yet Sokou added that she expects New Democracy and PASOK again will be part of the ruling coalition government , even though there may be notable policy changes and challenges to come , including a "  renegotiation " of already approved austerity measures . "  I believe that these electoral results ... show that people need a coalition government , " she said . "  They also want the parties to cooperate . " One young mother interviewed by CNN said her aim Sunday , before the voters were counted , was to "  punish " pro-austerity politicians and "  get rid of them for good . " Austerity is "  the wrong path , " said the woman , who did not give her name . "  Austerity measures just make people poorer and the situation does not get any better in the long term or in the short term either , " she said . But another voter at the same polling station said politicians have been doing the right thing . "  We do n't have an alternative , " he said , saying he backed "  whichever party actually understands that and wants to deal with it and wants to take these hard measures . " He also did not give his name . The country 's national debt threatened to force it to drop Europe 's common currency , the euro , prompting the European Central Bank and other lenders to swoop in with emergency funding last year . In exchange , they demanded that the government slash spending brutally . Austerity measures already enacted have led to cuts in jobs , wages , pensions and benefits , and have negatively affected many people , especially pensioners and those who get state assistance . Taxes have gone up and the national unemployment rate for January , the latest month for which figures are available , was just under 22 % . Among 25 - to 34-year-olds , it was nearly 29 % , leading many young people to leave the country in search of work . Furthermore , for the past two years , the country 's massive amount of debt has threatened the stability of the 17-country eurozone . Greece pushed through a huge debt swap in March to save it from disorderly default and clear the way for it to receive a second bailout from the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund , worth â ‚ ¬ 130 billion  $ 171.5 billion  . The debt restructuring deal gave some breathing space to the eurozone bloc , where fears that Greece might collapse had increased pressure on other debt-laden nations such as Spain and Italy . But the outcome of Sunday 's vote raises fresh questions as to whether Greece will stick with the painful path of austerity . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	No one party comes close to a majority ; established parties suffer setbacks New Democracy finishes first , though it 's leaders say it did n't win a "  strong mandate " Several parties see their support soar , fueled by those upset with austerity measures A far-right party leader says , "  Everyone who betrays Hellenism should be afraid "
CNN  -- Augusta National Golf Club in Georgia has played host to the Masters since 1934 . The former fruitland nursery was transformed into a 365-acre golfing paradise by Scottish golf architect Alister MacKenzie and tournament co-founder Bobby Jones . Click on the flashing white discs to find out more about some of the club 's most famous landmarks , holes and traditions .	Augusta National hosts the 78th Masters tournament starting on April 10 Australia 's Adam Scott is defending champion following dramatic play-off win in 2013 Course is one of the most picturesque and challenging 18 holes in the world
CNN  -- It looks like Kanye West 's new wife is rubbing off on him . In the August issue of GQ magazine , the rapper talks about everything from his design ambitions -- he 'd like to build amusement parks -- to his next album to his home life , including the relationship he 's built with uber-celebrity Kim Kardashian . According to West , his reality star bride , whom he married in May , has helped him acquire a unique set of skills : "  Kim K skills , " if you will . "  One of the reasons why I think that me and Kim are very powerful together is n't just the concept of celebrity or this mega rap star and this mega-beautiful pop star , " West said . "  What I had to learn from Kim is how to take more of her advice and less of other people 's advice . There 's a lot of Kim K skills that were added . In order to win at life , you need some Kim K skills , period . " And that 's just one of things we now know about Yeezus . Here are eight more : 1 . Kanye is a blowfish "  People have me pinned as a shark or a predator in some way , and in no way am I that . I would n't want to hurt anyone . I want to defend people . I want to help people . ... I 'm not a shark , I 'm a blowfish . " 2 . He gave a 45-minute toast at his own wedding And he freely admits this . "  In the speech , I talked about the idea of collaboration and all the people involved working together and being able to change things . ... I said , "  Wow , Carine  Roitfeld  is seven seats down from Kim  Kardashian  . Farnaz  Farjam  , the producer of the Kardashians and the producer of ` The Real World , ' is four seats down from  director  Steve McQueen . And four seats , because in between them is Hosain  Rahman  from Jawbone . This is what I talked about . That was not a forty-five-minute speech to myself . Do you realize what that means for those people to be in that close of a proximity to each other ? " 3 . He does n't care that Jay Z and Beyonce were n't there It may have been Kim and Kanye 's wedding , but all anyone wanted to know was whether Jay Z and Beyonce were going to be there . They ended up not attending -- although Beyonce gave her congratulations via Instagram -- and ` Ye seems fine with it . "  All that , I would n't even speak on . It does n't even matter to me whatsoever , who would show up . Because the most important person to show up there , to me , was Kim . " 4 . He feels like he 's constantly fighting Even in the GQ interview . "  I 'm sitting right here , it 's a fight . I 'm fighting with the way I line my words up together and the way I place a sweater on top of a T-shirt . At this point , people know what 's up . People know I 'm smart . And people know that , whether it 's SNL or Jimmy Kimmel , it 's a trend to take the piss out of celebrity -- just as much of a trend as wearing a gray hoodie or driving a Prius . " 5 . Especially for celebrity rights In his wedding toast , "  I talked about the idea of celebrity , and celebrities being treated like blacks were in the '60s , having no rights , and the fact that people can slander your name . I said that in the toast . And I had to say this in a position where I , from the art world , am marrying Kim . And how we 're going to fight to raise the respect level for celebrities so that my daughter can live a more normal life . She did n't choose to be a celebrity . But she is . So I 'm going to fight to make sure she has a better life . " 6 . He also fought for Kim "  I had to fight for that for seven years . " 7 . He 's actually not that sad Despite what the #sadKanye meme would lead you to believe , he 's feeling pretty good . "  W  e got the Vogue cover , Steve McQueen won the Oscar , we finally got married ... You know ? We have a child . We 're a family now . I am an arbiter of taste , and people think that I have the ability to make things cool -- or if I 'm doing it , it should be cool . And I feel that this stuff 's starting to be cool . And that feels good to me . Because I do n't like walking around with people thinking I 'm doing uncool s ** , because there 's nothing I 'm doing that 's uncool . It 's all innovative . You just might not understand it yet . But it 's cool . Family is super cool . Going home to one girl every night is super cool . Just going home and getting on the floor and playing with your child is super cool . Not wearing a red leather jacket , and just looking like a dad and s ** t , is like super cool . 8 . He 's also really happy about this "  Having someone that I can call Mom again . That s *** is super cool . " North West 's earrings spark social media debate Kim and Kanye turn Instagram into wedding album	Kanye West gives a wide-ranging interview to GQ He discusses his career goals , family and life as a celebrity He feels like he 's fighting for celebrity rights He also says he 's acquired "  Kim K skills "
Oranjestad , Aruba  CNN  -- Crews searching for an American woman have looked in Aruban phosphate mines , authorities there said Saturday . Articles of clothing were found Friday in one mine , but authorities had not determined whether they are related to the disappearance of Robyn Gardner , Aruban Solicitor General Taco Stein told CNN . FBI agents on Friday night searched the Maryland home of the suspect in the Gardner case , an agent said . The search occurred in the Gaithersburg residence of Gary Giordano , who is being held in an Aruban jail , FBI Special Agent Rich Wolf told CNN . Agents wearing vests that said FBI and carrying empty cardboard and plastic boxes arrived about 8:40 p.m. Friday . About 15 unmarked cars could be seen on the street , as well as a Montgomery County police vehicle . Supervisory Special Agent Philip Celestini , who was at the residence , declined to comment further on the search , citing the active investigation . Stein said earlier Friday that the suspect will appear in court Monday , where an investigating magistrate could order him held for at least eight more days , order him to remain on the island or release him outright due to a lack of evidence . Giordano was arrested by Aruban police on August 5 , three days after Gardner , 35 , was last seen near Baby Beach on the western tip of the Caribbean island . Giordano told authorities that he had been snorkeling with Gardner , also from Maryland , when he signaled to her to swim back , according to a statement . When he reached the beach , Gardner was nowhere to be found , Giordano allegedly said . The area that Giordano led authorities to is a rocky , unsightly location that locals say is not a popular snorkeling spot . Although prosecutors have continued to identify the 50-year-old American man by his initials , GVG , they also released a photo of a man who appears to be Giordano . His attorney , Michael Lopez , also has said that his client is being held as a suspect in Gardner 's death . Lopez has not returned telephone calls seeking comment . Giordano is no longer cooperating with authorities in the investigation , Stein has said . Authorities are concerned for Gardner 's welfare because she has not stepped forward despite all the publicity surrounding the case , Stein said . But they have no evidence that she is dead , he said . Although officials have stopped actively searching for Gardner , they are continuing to seek evidence in the case , Stein said . According to Aruban prosecutors , the missing woman and the suspect arrived July 31 from the United States . Lopez said Tuesday that his client came to Aruba on vacation with a female friend he had met on a dating site and has known for years . The Aruban prosecutor 's office has declined to say what evidence led authorities to suspect Giordano 's involvement in Gardner 's disappearance . Richard Forester of Maryland said he and Gardner have been dating for the past seven or eight months . He told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Wednesday evening that Gardner was n't the type to go into deep water , and she would more likely stay by the pool . "  It 's just not her to go out and snorkel , " Forester said . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Kim Uhl contributed to this report .	Authorities search phosphate mines in Aruba FBI agents search the Maryland home of Gary Giordano , an FBI official says Aruba 's solicitor general says there 's no sign of missing woman , no evidence she is dead Gary Giordano is being held in connection with Robyn Gardner 's disappearance
New York  CNN  -- Jeremy Lin , the 23-year-old point guard of Taiwanese descent who has come out of nowhere to guide the New York Knicks to seven straight wins , has left many wondering if he can also help his team gain ground among Asian consumers . "  Jeremy Lin is a marketing dream come true , " said Ronn Torossian , chief executive of New York-based 5W Public Relations . "  If somebody had a checklist of what a brand should be , Jeremy Lin hits every one . " It has been only 10 days since the Harvard graduate was called off the bench , immediately becoming the Knicks ' unlikely savior . In his first game , he scored 25 points to help his team beat the New Jersey Nets , and last Friday , his 38 points outscored Kobe Bryant of the Los Angeles Lakers for another Knicks win . New York media have dubbed the phenomenon "  Linsanity , " and the previously unknown economics major has exploded on social media , reaching more than 300,000 followers on Twitter . His last-second heroics Tuesday , sinking a game-winning 3-point shot against the Toronto Raptors , have only added to the buzz . On Wednesday , Lin had a career-best 13 assists to lead the Knicks past the Sacramento Kings . "  He 's made the Knicks relevant again , " said Larry Dimitriou , manager of a Modell 's Sporting Goods store in Manhattan . Dimitriou started selling Lin 's No. 17 jersey last week and said he has since had trouble keeping them in stock . "  We constantly get Lin jerseys every day , " he said . "  I put one in the window to show people we have them . A short time later , they 're gone . " President Barack Obama is also apparently "  very impressed " with the NBA 's new star , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Wednesday . But some say Lin 's appeal and market potential are n't unique . Chinese national Yao Ming , who at 7 feet , 6 inches burst onto the scene during the 2002-03 NBA season , helped his Houston Rockets expand merchandise sales and viewership in Chinese markets over his eight seasons with the team , analysts say . Whether Lin could fill the void left by Yao 's retirement is unclear , though some appear cautious . "  We have to remember , it 's only 10 days in , " noted Roman Garcia , director of digital strategy at Taylor Strategy , a public relations firm . "  We know Lin is really good at pushing the ball down the court but we have yet to see if he 's good at pushing a brand , or a community . " What 's most important , Garcia said , is whether Lin has that potential .	Lin is a "  marketing dream come true , " one PR executive says The former unknown has guided the Knicks to seven straight wins New York media have dubbed the phenomenon "  Linsanity " President Barack Obama is also apparently "  very impressed " with the unlikely star
Editor 's note : A nationally syndicated columnist , Roland S. Martin is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says America 's history with Iran has not been a happy one . CNN  -- Critics of President Obama , mostly Republicans , have seethed that he has not been more forceful in ripping the theocratic leadership in Iran for their brutal handling of protesters angry with what they see as a stolen election . In Tuesday 's press conference , the president toughened his talk , saying , "  The United States and the international community have been appalled and outraged by the threats , beatings and imprisonments of the last few days . " Still , Obama 's measured and calm approach has been right on target , while his critics have been totally off base . What these shortsighted naysayers should do is pick up a history book , or take a quick trip to Langley , Virginia , and let the CIA tell them our own sordid past with Iran . Whenever U.S. relations with Iran are raised , everyone seems to want to refer back to 1979 , when our embassy was overrun by militants and Americans were taken hostage for 444 days . The nation , and the world , was captivated by the drama , and many consider the affair the chief reason why President Carter lost to Ronald Reagan in the 1980 presidential election . The Iranian revolution of that era is what led to today 's theocratic rule in Iran , where the clerics hold sway over every facet of the country . They replaced the Shah of Iran , Mohammad Reza Pahlavi , himself a dictator who ruled with an iron fist with the help of his CIA-trained death squads . How did he come to power ? The United States helped overthrow a democratically elected government in Iran . To understand the hatred of the United States in Iran , we have to go further back than 1979 -- to 1953 , when Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh had the gall to care more about his country than what the British and the United States wanted . The two superpowers were angry that he nationalized oil interests -- at the time Anglo-Iranian Oil , now known as British Petroleum , was receiving 93 percent of oil proceeds and the Iranians were getting 7 percent . So with the CIA leading the charge , along with British intelligence , the United States helped destabilize the country , blocked the importing of goods , spread leaflets around the country blasting Mossadegh for a lack of leadership , and used local goons to lead protests . It was this effort that led to the installation of the Shah of Iran , who subsequently had Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini exiled . Khomeini was a revolutionary leader who used his voice to label the United States the "  Great Satan " for its actions . Nice history lesson , you might say , but what does it have to do with today ? Everything . Khomeini rose to power by blasting the United States for intervening in the affairs of Iran . It was the younger voices in Iran who responded to his criticism of the United States , and they cast their lot with a revolutionary figure rather than the pro-Western Shah of Iran . One of those young men who cared more about their own country than the interests of the United States ? Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , now the president of Iran  A fascinating account of our sordid history with Iran is detailed in Stephen Kinzer 's "  Overthrow : America 's Century of Regime Change from Hawaii to Iraq "  . President Obama knows that every word uttered by U.S. leaders can be turned right around and used against the protesters who are in the streets . He also understands how deep resentment of the United States is in Iran , and if the clerics can successfully get people to believe that the United States is behind the protests , they have the possibility of using America as the scapegoat . Is n't it ironic that the president 's conservative critics want him to stand up for democracy in Iran , when it was the United States that chose to destroy democracy and install a dictator we could control more than 50 years ago ? Folks , democracy can never be imported . It must be homegrown . If we look at our own Civil Rights Movement , the democratic movement in Poland and all of Eastern Europe , they were all driven by the people at the bottom , not the top . We are seeing a remarkable amount of courage in Iran . The people there are tired of being treated like children , and are putting their lives on the line to demand change in the country . Instead of inflaming tensions , the United States should continue to issue tempered comments , and allow the people in the streets to drive this issue . This should not become a U.S. vs. Iran discussion . If the focus remains on those demanding change in the streets of Iran , especially if the beatings and oppression continues -- remember Selma , Alabama , and Bloody Sunday ? -- then those who are silent in Iran will be silent no more , and other countries will begin to weigh in on the brutality . The change we desire in Iran will not happen with a press release or a comment by the president of the United States or even a congressional resolution . We must show support , but from a distance . The United States played a direct role in the mess we see in Iran today . It 's best that we shut up and allow Iran to determine Iran 's fate . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin : Obama 's critics wrongly accuse him of being too cautious on Iran He says critics do n't understand the tangled history of the U.S. and Iran Martin : America helped oust democratically elected government in 1953 He says that coup helped lead to Iranian revolution and years of conflict
Washington  CNN  -- For those who worked the Beltway sniper case in Washington a little more than a decade ago , the manhunt for a highly trained gunman suspected of targeting cops and their families in Southern California has some startling similarities and clear differences as well . In the California case , the mood is tense among police officers as they continue the search for Christopher Dorner , who is suspected of killing three people to settle a score for what he called an unjust firing from the Los Angeles Police Department . Similar fear gripped the Washington-area for nearly a month in October 2002 , when John Allen Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo terrorized the city and its suburbs during the sniper case . They operated out of an old sedan , firing from a hole in the trunk , and struck in broad daylight and at night . They randomly gunned down 13 people , killing 10 and wounding three , going about their daily routine -- never suspecting for a second that they were in the sights of a killer . They were each felled by a rifle shot while at a gas station , doing yard work , going to school , or heading into a shopping center . Police bulletins , road blocks , and false leads and sightings around the notorious shootings fueled drama and tension in a region already on edge over the drumbeat of threats of another al Qaeda attack on the capital . Police were methodical and eventually caught a break , arresting the pair at a rest stop in Maryland . The Los Angeles case offers some similarities . - It involves a manhunt originating in a major metropolitan area with reported sightings in different communities raising fears . - The case involves multiple victims in multiple attacks . - Dorner was in the Navy and served in the Persian Gulf . Muhammad , who was executed in 2009 , was in the Army and also served in the Gulf region , many years before . - Dorner is a trained marksman as was Muhammad . - Schools in some areas where California searches are concentrated are closed . In the sniper case , outdoor public events were canceled . LA cops stalked by suspect , and a brutal history But differences between the two cases are clearer and , in some ways , should set the broader public at ease , say former detectives , law enforcement officials and a forensic psychiatrist familiar with both cases . "  During the D.C. sniper shooting the public had no idea who was doing it . ... The public saw this as random victimization without rhyme or reason , " said Park Dietz , a forensic psychiatrist . Dietz worked on the Washington sniper case as well as the "  Unabomber " mail-bomb case . "  In contrast , in the California matter , the public understands his targets are much more focused . They consist of certain named individuals and their families , " he said . Dorner , 33 , is wanted in the killing of two people in Irvine , California , on Sunday and in the shooting of three Los Angeles-area police officers on Thursday , which killed one of them . One of the victims in Irvine was the daughter of a retired Los Angeles police officer who Dorner knows , authorities said . The technical details of the California case may differ , but the level of fear people feel as they listen to accounts of the manhunt for a well trained suspect who authorities say has a vendetta is similarly acute , said Jim Trainum , a former homicide detective with the Washington Metropolitan Police Department who worked on the sniper case . "  Crime in general is nebulous or out there but when it strikes next to you , you think ` it could be me , ' " Trainum said . Neighbors have echoed that sentiment . Opinion : In rampages , it 's about revenge "  It 's too close to home . It 's kind of scary , " Dorner 's neighbor , Dan Gomez told , KLAS . Dorner , authorities said , is bent on vengeance against Los Angeles Police Department officers he claims ruined his life by forcing him out of his dream job . He detailed his rage in an 11-page manifesto . In that letter -- provided to CNN by an LAPD source -- he vowed to violently target police officers and their families , whoever and wherever they are . The motives in the D.C. sniper case were never entirely clear . Muhammad and his accomplice , Lee Boyd Malvo , then 17 , taunted police with written messages , phone threats and demands during the rampage . During two trials and in years of appeals , Muhammad had professed innocence . Malvo remains in prison . Another difference is what authorities already know about the suspect in California . In the early days of the D.C. case , there were few clues and many false leads about who was behind the shooting , the type of vehicle involved , and where the suspect or suspects might have been . "  I was manning the e-mail tip line and there would be hundreds of them , " Trainum said . "  There was one where they had the shootings mapped out on an upside constellation of Orion . We had people going around copying down the numbers of white vans and e-mailing them . There 's always that concern that they 'll miss that crucial tip because there is so much static . " That static complicated matters , Trainum said . "  In the D.C. case , everyone speculated that he had sniper training and that he was a police officer . In fact , we got tips about police officers who we had to put under surveillance . In D.C. , anybody could have been a target . Out there  the California suspect  has a target list but it is obvious that he will kill anyone who gets in his way . " Alleged cop-killer 's manifesto details threats CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Similarities but important difference between the L.A. manhunt and the D.C. sniper case Suspected L.A. gunman is targeting cops and their families ; D.C. sniper victims were random Both the L.A. suspect and the lead D.C. sniper were military veterans , trained marksmen
Hailey , Idaho  CNN  -- The FBI is investigating threats against the parents of Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , the latest development in a case that has put the spotlight on the circumstances surrounding his capture in Afghanistan and release by the Taliban . "  We are working jointly with our state and local partners and taking each threat seriously , " FBI Special Agent William Facer told CNN in an e-mail on Saturday . Facer declined to detail the nature and severity of the threats , and a military spokesperson for the Bergdahls declined to comment . Bergdahl 's parents have not been seen publicly since the announcement last week that the soldier had been freed from five years in captivity at the hands of the Taliban in exchange for the release of five detainees at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base . Bergdahl 's release raises questions The news comes as a fallen soldier 's mother and a former member of Bergdahl 's unit continued to assert that troops were killed while searching for the soldier in eastern Afghanistan . Pentagon and Army officials have looked at such claims , and "  right now there is no evidence to back that up , " a U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity , has told CNN . But former Sgt. Matt Vierkant , a member of Bergdahl 's platoon , told CNN 's Michael Smerconish that "  men were injured and killed in the search for him . " "  The mission was to find Bergdahl , " Vierkant said . In the week since Bergdahl was released by the Taliban , a controversy has grown over whether troops were killed , directly or indirectly , in the search . Former soldiers involved in the operations asserted to CNN this week that at least six soldiers were killed in the search for Bergdahl . The six soldiers at the center of the Bergdahl debate How did 6 die after Bowe Bergdahl 's disappearance ? Also making claims of troop deaths in the Bergdahl search is Sondra Andrews , the mother of 2nd Lt. Darryn Andrews , who was killed in September 2009 . She endorsed accusations by former unit members that Bergdahl deserted and caused U.S. troops to die in the search for him -- though Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel has said it 's "  unfair " to Bergdahl and his family to presume anything about his disappearance . Andrews said she believes her son and other troops "  were strictly on a mission looking for Bergdahl . " That information is "  based on the men that served with Darryn , " she told Smerconish . Andrews said that military should give her family information "  on what Darryn was doing and why they lied to us . " "  I 'd like to see Bergdahl given an opportunity to tell his story , be on trial , have the witnesses come forward and tell their story and get the truth through that , and then I would like to see the full measure of the law followed for his punishment , " Andrews said . Watch : Obama defends Bergdahl swap Bergdahl went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . An Army fact-finding investigation conducted in the months after his disappearance concluded that Bergdahl left his outpost deliberately and of his own free will , according to the official , who was briefed on the report . The Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials could n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . See Jake Tapper 's special on Bergdahl 's time in captivity , life before the Army and what happened the night he disappeared The Bergdahl Files : A custom magazine Ed Lavandera and Devon Sayers reported from Hailey , Idaho , and Azadeh Ansari reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	The FBI is " taking each threat seriously , " an FBI agent says Bowe Bergdahl 's parents have received threats , the FBI says Former member of Bergdahl 's platoon says troops were killed in search Bergdahl should be put on trial to "  get the truth , " mother of killed soldier says
Washington  CNN  -- Remembering Wilma Mankiller , who died this week , is n't hard , because first of all , who can forget a name like that ? Wilma Pearl Mankiller . What a perfect name . Perfect , that is , after you 've won two terms as leader of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma and a Presidential Medal of Freedom , traveled the world , acquired celebrity friends like Gloria Steinem and become one of the most famous American Indians on the planet . Not so perfect in 1969 , when you 're 25 years old and a soon-to-be-divorced mother of two living in San Francisco . Try making a dentist appointment with a name like Mankiller or Crow Dog or Pretty Shield : half the time people would think it 's a crank call and hang up on you . But that was the least of her problems . Wilma Mankiller 's biggest problem was being an Indian in 1969 . We were so square , and so invisible . Why was she in San Francisco then , instead of Oklahoma ? She had moved there with her family  she was one of 11 children  because the United States said there was n't any future in Indians living on reservations . So it began a program imaginatively called Urban Indian Relocation , which moved Indians to cities . It was n't a terrible idea , just a bad one , at least for most Indians . Was life better in Cleveland or Dallas or San Francisco than life in Mescalero , Tahlequah , or Wanblee ? Sometimes yes , usually no . The thing is , it was n't clear where any of this was going . What was even the point of being Indian , anyway ? Why ca n't there be a future back home ? Why is being an unemployed aerospace worker in California better than being unemployed in Montana ? Mankiller may have been pondering these questions when something amazing happened . In a daring nighttime invasion , a few dozen Indian college students took over the abandoned federal prison on Alcatraz Island and reclaimed it on behalf of a group they had just invented , called Indians of All Tribes . This was electrifying because Indians in those days did not stage daring nighttime invasions and break laws and trespass on federal property -- any property , for that matter . That occupation of Alcatraz in November 1969 lasted for 19 months . Mankiller visited the ragtag settlement frequently , and said it changed her life . She was n't the only one . I moved to San Francisco in 1977 , and met Mankiller and other "  veterans " of Alcatraz . The occupation was endlessly debated -- so many good and bad things happened during those months -- but nobody argued how important it was , and how much had changed . We were n't so boring , and we were becoming visible . More than anything else , Alcatraz signaled new possibilities . Wilma Mankiller saw them clearly and seized every one . She finished college , divorced , moved with her two daughters back to Oklahoma , and began her own series of audacious takeovers : running and revolutionizing community development projects for the tribe , then successfully running for principal chief of the Cherokee Nation . She served two terms and became an icon . Just like Alcatraz , none of this was supposed to happen . Did I mention she was a woman ? We Indians in the U.S. talk a good game about being matriarchal and so forth , but it was no accident that in the 20th century no woman had lead a major tribe before her .  The unofficial logo of the American Indian Movement was the Playboy bunny . Ha ha !  So she had no chance to lead her Nation , but did so anyway . The other reason none of this was suppose to happen is her near-fatal car crash in 1979 , her kidney transplant , her battles with breast cancer , lymphoma , and numerous operations . She beat them all -- all except pancreatic cancer . The health disasters were horrible and unrelenting , but I bet you dollars to donuts Mankiller would tell you it was n't nearly as bad as the tribal politics . Alcatraz feels like a million years ago . We have profitable Indian casinos and a Smithsonian museum and many strong women leading our tribes and communities . Indian college students are getting Ph.D. 's instead of criminal records . Some people , including me , wonder if we 've lost the kind of daring that would lead college kids to break into an abandoned prison seeking some kind of justice , and a woman to find a calling there that would change a piece of the world . And this is where I write she was tough as nails and one of a kind , and we wo n't see the likes of her ever again . It 's all true , but there 's something more . Her life made a new future possible one that is still unwritten . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Chaat Smith .	Paul Chaat Smith says Wilma Mankiller was one of the most accomplished , famous Indians She was inspired by the Alcatraz occupation in 1969 to become politically involved He says she endured health disasters , other challenges and persevered Smith : Her life made a new future possible
CNN  -- Scientists have captured antimatter atoms for the first time , a breakthrough that could eventually help us to understand the nature and origins of the universe . Researchers at CERN , the Geneva-based particle physics laboratory , have managed to confine single antihydrogen atoms in a magnetic trap . This will allow them to conduct a more detailed study of antihydrogen , which will in turn allow scientists to compare matter and antimatter . Understanding antimatter is one of the biggest challenges facing science -- most theoretical physicists and cosmologists believe that at the Big Bang , when the universe was created , matter and antimatter were produced in equal amounts . However , as our world is made up of matter , antimatter seems to have disappeared . Understanding antimatter could shed light on why almost everything in the known universe consists of matter . Antimatter has been very difficult to handle because matter and antimatter do n't get on , destroying each other instantly on contact in a violent flash of energy . In a precursor to today 's experiment , in 2002 scientists at CERN produced antihydrogen atoms in large quantities , but they had an incredibly short lifespan -- just several milliseconds -- because the antihydrogen came into contact with the walls of their containers and the two annihilated each other . In this latest experiment the lifespan of the antihydrogen atoms was extended by using magnetic fields to trap them and thus prevent them from coming into contact with matter . The researchers created 38 antihydrogen atoms and held on to them for about a tenth of a second , which is long enough to study them says Professor Jeffrey Hangst , one of the team of CERN scientists who worked on the program . Hangst and his colleagues produced a magnet field which was strongest near the walls of the trap , falling to a minimum at the center , causing the atoms to collect there in a vacuum . "  We could have held them for much longer ... I am just full of joy and relief , it 's taken us five years to get here , this is a big milestone , " Hangst told CNN . To trap just 38 atoms , they had to run the experiment 335 times , says Nature which published the report findings . Hangst added : "  This was ten thousand times more difficult than creating untrapped antihydrogen atoms . "  This will help us understand the structure of space and time . For reasons that no one yet understands , nature ruled out antimatter ... this inspires us to work that much harder to see if antimatter holds some secret . " Malcolm Longair , professor of natural philosophy at Cambridge University , told CNN that CERN 's results were a considerable achievement . "  At the Big Bang we believe the temperatures were very very high and we understand in theory why antimatter disappeared but there is no physical theory to back it up . " Antimatter was first predicted in 1931 by the British physicist Paul Dirac , who theorized that antimatter is ordinary matter in reverse . CERN 's next ambition is to create a beam of antimatter which they hope will allow them to unpeel more of the mysteries surrounding it .	Antihydrogen atoms were trapped in a magnetic field Matter and antimatter annihilate each other on contact "  It 's taken us five years to get here , " says Professor Jeffrey Hangst CERN 's next ambition is to create a beam of antimatter
