CNN  -- Since December 2010 , I have lived with death threats because I have documented and revealed corruption at the highest levels in the Mexican government . My family has been attacked , I have to live with bodyguards and some of my sources have been killed or are in jail . But my case is just one of many . A large number of journalists and human rights activists -- as well as those who denounce corruption in Mexico -- receive similar threats or have been killed . And the biggest danger is not in fact the drug cartels , but rather the government and business officials that work for them and fear exposure . My new book "  Narcoland " is the result of five grueling years of research . Over this time I gradually became immersed in a shadowy world full of traps , lies , betrayals , and contradictions . The data I present is backed up by numerous legal documents , and the testimony of many who witnessed the events first-hand . I met people involved in the Mexican drug cartels and spoke to police and army officers , U.S. government officials , professional hit men , and priests -- figures who know the drug trade inside out . From this I found complicity at the heart of Mexican government , business , police and drug cartels . Read more : Security forces responsible for disappearances -- report The worst , and most violent , face of corruption in Mexico is drug trafficking -- an industry that is estimated to have left more than 60,000 people dead , and more than 26,000 missing in the last six years . And things are getting worse . Between January and July this year it is estimated that 10,000 people in Mexico have died at the hands of the drug cartels . Read more : Mexico reports more than 26,000 missing The business of producing , trafficking and selling illicit drugs has become increasingly attractive to people around the world -- a lucrative market considering that consumption is increasing globally . Mexico is now the world 's second largest cultivator of opium poppy and , according to the CIA Factbook , in 2007 was the largest foreign supplier of marijuana and methamphetamine to the U.S. market . The story of how Joaquín "  El Chapo " Guzmán Loera -- a man widely considered as the most powerful drug trafficker in the world -- became a great drug baron , the king of betrayal and bribery , and the boss of top Federal Police commanders , is intimately linked to a process of decay in Mexico where two factors are constant : corruption , and an unbridled ambition for money and power . Read more : Forbes drops ` El Chapo ' from billionaires list I read avidly the thousands of pages of evidence in the case of El Chapo 's "  escape " from jail . Through dozens of statements given by cooks , laundry workers , inmates , detention officers , and prison police commanders it was confirmed to me that in 2001 El Chapo did not escape from Puente Grande in that famous laundry cart : instead , high-ranking officials took him out , disguised as a policeman . Semi-illiterate peasants like El Príncipe , Don Neto , El Azul , El Mayo , and El Chapo would not have got far without the collusion of businessmen , politicians , and policemen , and all those who exercise everyday power from behind a false halo of legality . Read more : Are Obama , Romeny ignoring Mexico 's drug war ? We see their faces all the time , not in the mug shots of most wanted felons put out by the Attorney General 's Office , but in the front-page stories , business sections , and society columns of the main papers . All these are the true godfathers of Narcoland , the true lords of the drug world . Currently , all the old rules governing relations between the drug barons and the centers of economic and political power have broken down . The drug traffickers impose their own law . The businessmen who launder their money are their partners , while some local and federal officials are viewed as employees to be paid off in advance , for example by financing their political campaigns . The culture of terror encouraged by the criminal gangs through their grotesque violence produces a paralyzing fear at all levels of society . Finishing this book demanded a constant battle against such fear . They have tried to convince us that the drug barons and their cronies are immovable and untouchable , but this book offers a modest demonstration of the contrary . As citizens or as journalists , we must never allow the state and the authorities to give up on their duty to provide security , and simply hand the country over to an outlaw network made up of drug traffickers , businessmen , and politicians . Since its publication in Mexico , "  Narcoland " has sold more than 200,000 copies -- astounding in a country with high levels of poverty and incredibly low levels of literacy compared to the American-European book-buying market It seems to me that the tide of public opinion is changing in Mexico ; people no longer accept the view that the Mexican government are at war with the drug cartels . The levels of violence , murder , trafficking , child pornography and kidnapping in Mexico at the moment is simply catastrophic . In line with the increase in drug consumption across the world , the cocaine business has become more powerful than anyone could have imagined . The money created from this has allowed drug cartel criminals to buy whatever they want -- whether that is people , governments , police , land or impunity . This corruption spreads across the world ; Europe has become on the biggest importers of Mexico 's trafficked drugs . It is important that people in London , Paris or New York understand that when they buy a gram of cocaine they have blood on their hands . The world needs to work with Mexico to combat this 21st-century form of warfare ; fight against drug trafficking and organized crime has to be global . * In response to CNN 's request for comment on this article , the Embassy of Mexico to the U.K. said the Mexican government was fully committed to upholding the rule of law . "  President Enrique Peña Nieto prioritizes a Mexico in peace as the first national goal , " the embassy said . "  The National Security Strategy has been raised to the level of State Policy , and is underpinned by a multidimensional security focus that puts the wellbeing of citizens and the forefront of its concerns , by emphasizing prevention and the reduction of crime . "  This new focus is not only designed to enforce the law and , if need be , for the State to make use of force in order to guarantee safety , but also to counteract the vulnerabilities created by consumption and violence through the implementation of social programs . " Read more : Kofi Annan -- Stop ` war on drugs ' The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anabel Hernandez .	Anabel Hernandez says she has lived with death threats since revealing corruption in Mexico She says Mexico 's drug traffickers impose their own law , encouraging terror Mexico 's narcotics industry is estimated to have cost more than 60,000 lives in six years Hernandez argues that people no longer view the government as being at war with the cartels
CNN  -- Christopher Columbus has long been the poster boy Renaissance explorer who found fame and fortune by sailing from the Old World to the New . Crossing the great unknown waters between Spain and the Caribbean in 1492 , he became one of the most renowned -- and pivotal -- Europeans to set foot in America . But more than five centuries later , a British adventurer plans to show that the New World could have been reached by another seafaring nation 2,000 years before Columbus . Former Royal Navy officer Philip Beale hopes to sail a replica Phoenician boat 10,000 kilometers across the Atlantic in an ambitious voyage that could challenge maritime history . By completing the journey , Beale aims to demonstrate that the Phoenicians -- the ancient Mediterranean civilization that prospered from 1500BC to 300BC -- had the capability to sail to the U.S. ; a theory disputed by historians . "  It is one of the greatest voyages of mankind and if anyone could have done it -LSB- before Columbus -RSB- , it was the Phoenicians , " said Beale . "  Of all the ancient civilizations they were the greatest seafarers -- Lebanon had cedar trees perfect for building strong boats , they were the first to use iron nails , and they had knowledge of astronomy and currents . " The prospect of sailing a 50-ton wooden vessel identical to those built 2,600 years ago across the Atlantic might appear foolhardy , had Beale not already challenged maritime history two years ago . Beale sailed the replica boat -- aptly named The Phoenician -- around Africa in 2010 , in a bid to demonstrate the ancient civilization had the capability to circumnavigate the continent 2,000 years before the first recorded European ; Bartolomeu Dias , in 1488 . Setting sail from Syria in 2008 , The Phoenician covered 32,000 kilometers over two years , battling everything from six-meter waves off the Cape of Good Hope to Somali pirates . "  We had run the gauntlet of pirate-infested waters , overcome numerous technical problems and traveled deep into the Indian and Atlantic Oceans , " Beale says in a new book on the incredible voyage ; ` Sailing Close to the Wind . ' "  I had proved she was an ocean-going vessel and when she was coasting along the waves , her sail billowing in the wind ; to captain her had been an unforgettable experience . " Beale based his ambitious quest on a quote by Greek Historian Herodotus , who claimed the Phoenicians circumnavigated Africa in 600BC . Along with their sophisticated seafaring skills , the Phoenicians were renowned as an intellectual and industrious civilization who helped develop the alphabet we still use today . Highly skilled in metalwork , ivory carving and glass-making , the name Phoenician derives from the iconic purple color they used to dye their superior textiles . Dr Julian Whitewright , maritime archaeologist at the University of Southampton , added that a Phoenician voyage around Africa was "  quite a plausible undertaking , based on the capabilities of the vessel of the period and historical material stating it took place . " The boat was modeled on an ancient 19-meter Phoenician shipwreck excavated off the coast of Marseille . Using locally-sourced materials , shipbuilders stayed true to the original down to the exact thickness of the planks and position of the mast . The crew of volunteers ranged from six to 15 people at any time , with 53 sailors from 14 different countries taking part over the entire journey . "  We did n't have any mechanical winches and the anchor had to be pulled up and down by hand -- it was back-breaking work , " Beale said . "  There was just one traditional toilet which dropped straight into the ocean , so you literally had to step out on the side of the boat to use it . When you had big waves coming at you in the middle of the night it could be quite scary . But at least there was no cleaning . " The final leg of the journey took them wide out across the Atlantic and a mere 965 kilometers off the coast of Florida . It was here Beale got his inspiration for the journey to the U.S. "  Archeologists have found Egyptian mummies with traces of tobacco and cocaine which could only have come from the New World , " Beale said . "  It indicates there was something going on across the Atlantic . " Dr Mark McMenamin , professor of geology at Holyoke College , also points to evidence of Phoenician coins bearing maps of the Old and New World . He said copper coins with Phoenician iconography have also also been discovered in North America . "  The available evidence suggests that the Carthaginians  the western tribe of the Phoenicians  had the ability to cross the Atlantic at will , " he said . Many historians however , remain doubtful . "  If the Phoenicians got to England -- which we think they did -- I would n't be surprised if the boat could get to America physically . But whether they could have done it without running out of food is a different matter , " maritime historian Sam Willis said . "  If you 're circumnavigating Africa you can always stop along the way . But you ca n't when you 're going to America -- it 's a massive stretch of sea and that 's the difference . " Setting off from Tunisia , the modern-day Phoenician vessel is expected to take two to three months to reach America -- granted Beale can raise Â # 100,000  $ 156,000  for the expedition . New York 's Metropolitan Museum of Art has already invited him to display the boat as part of their upcoming exhibition on the Phoenicians , opening in September 2014 . "  The conventional wisdom is that Christopher Columbus discovered America . But anyone who looks a little closer will see the Vikings were there around 900AD . They 've found Viking settlements in Newfoundland , it 's undisputed , " Beale said . "  So Columbus was definitely second -- at best . I put forward the theory that the Phoenicians could have been first and I hope to prove that was the case . "	British adventurer aims to sail replica Phoenician sailboat across Atlantic Journey could prove ancient civilization capable of reaching America Could challenge theory Christopher Columbus first discovered New World Historian dispute likelihood Phoenicians landed in America
Some 50 million Americans still lack health insurance . That will change for the greater majority when the Affordable Health Care Act , or Obamacare , as it 's more commonly known , rolls out over the next couple of years . While the bulk of the law goes into place in 2014 , you 'll see a few changes this year . However , much of 2013 will be dedicated to health facilities and government offices getting ready for the larger changes coming down the road . On Thursday , the Department of Health and Human Services conditionally approved eight more states ' plans to set up their own health insurance exchange programs . The conditional approvals mean a total of 19 states plus the District of Columbia have the initial thumbs-up on their plans . Two others , Arkansas and Delaware , have the go-ahead to run an exchange in partnership with the federal government . Decision day for states on health insurance marketplaces States can decide to set up an exchange at any time , but the clock is ticking . States that plan to partner with the federal government need to do so by February 15 . People not living in a state with an exchange have access to a federal program . All the exchanges are supposed to be up and running by October 1 of this year . In a conference call with reporters Thursday , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said she was encouraged by the progress states have made so far . "  From the beginning , this process has been guided by our belief that states know their own needs better than anyone else , " Sebelius said . "  That 's why we have worked so hard to give states the flexibility and resources to create and participate in marketplaces that work best for their citizens , and it 's encouraging to see so many states moving forward to do just that . " What these exchanges will do is give the uninsured a better chance to shop for insurance in a way that 's supposed to take the mystery out of buying a plan . Think of it like an online travel site that pulls information from hundreds of companies , allowing customers to compare the costs of flights or hotels on one easy-to-read screen . Another advantage to the exchange may be a lower cost for health insurance , according to Jay Angoff . He is the former director of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight at HHS , the office responsible for implementing Obamacare . "  The key issue is not if the state or the fed runs the exchange , " Angoff said . "  The key is : Will it be a strong or weak exchange , and will it use the bargaining power that it has to standardize the benefit packages and establish a real competitive bidding process that can really drive down rates ? "  If the exchanges allow insurance companies to sell whatever they want , if  the state  does n't negotiate or establish competitive bidding process , it 's another case , " he said . Obamacare to flesh-eating bacteria : Top 2012 health stories Here are some other parts of Obamacare taking effect in 2013 : Preventative services The federal government is sending more money to state Medicaid programs that offer preventative services for free or at little cost . Services include tests for high blood pressure , diabetes , and high cholesterol ; many cancer screenings including colonoscopies and mammograms ; counseling to help people lose weight , quit smoking or reduce alcohol use ; routine vaccinations ; flu and pneumonia shots ; and others . Increased Medicaid payments Doctors that take Medicaid patients get a pay raise . Starting January 1 , Medicaid payments in every state were brought up to the same level Medicare pays doctors . Some experts say the Medicare rate is too low , but Medicaid paid even less . While it varies from state to state , primary care physicians see on average a 73 % pay bump according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . A pilot program for bundling services The law sets up a national pilot program that will encourage medical providers to coordinate patient care . Rather than have each service billed separately under Medicare , a flat rate would be paid for an episode of care . Justices wo n't block Obamacare 's required emergency contraception coverage Medicare tax increase The wealthy face a 0.9 % tax increase on the income they earn in excess of $ 200,000  for couples filing jointly , it will hit those that make in excess of $ 250,000  . This will help boost the Medicare trust fund . Medical device tax A new 2.3 % tax goes on the price of medical devices . This does n't include hearing aids or corrective lenses , but does include devices like defibrillators , pacemakers , artificial joints and others . Medical deductions Up until now , Americans got a tax deduction if all their total medical expenses added up to more than 7.5 % of what they earn  minus deductions and exceptions  . Those expenses now will have to add up to 10 % or more for most tax filers . Cap on FSAs Flexible Spending Accounts now have a cap . Up until now , employers set the limit on how much employees could set aside from their paychecks tax free to pay for medical expenses not covered by their insurance . The majority of companies set an FSA limit of around $ 5,000 . The government is now limiting FSA 's to $ 2,500 . Health benefits spelled out W-2 tax forms issued this year for wages paid in 2012 must now include a line on the form showing the benefit employees receive from their employer-sponsored health care . This is supposed to help you understand your benefits better and make health care spending more transparent .	8 more states conditionally approved for health insurance exchange programs All the exchanges should be up and running by October 1 Changes in 2013 include preventative services , medical deductions and a cap on FSAs
CNN  -- Last March , when the people of America were drooling at the thought of winning a record $ 656 million Mega Millions jackpot , we poured an icy bucket of mathematical reality over your head : You were n't going to win . And you did n't . Three winning tickets were sold , but you were n't involved . It was never going to happen . As we wrote then , you stood a better chance at hitting two consecutive holes in one than winning that jackpot . How winning could change your life Now , with a record $ 550 million Powerball jackpot up for grabs Wednesday , we figured it was a great time to , once again , dash your dreams . We know , we know -- someone will win at least a share of the prize , if not Wednesday , then in some subsequent drawing . But it wo n't be you . Why you keep playing the lottery The chance of a ticket winning a Powerball jackpot is 1 in 175,223,510  slightly better than the chance of winning a Mega Millions jackpot , which is 1 in 175,711,536  . Here are a few unlikely scenarios that , we 're sorry to say , are much more likely than you taking home this jackpot . From the Harvard School of Public Health : -- Dying from a bee sting : 1 in 6.1 million . -- Dying from a lightning strike : 1 in 3 million . From U.S. Hole in One , which insures golf prizes for holes in one : -- An amateur golfer making a hole in one on a par-3 hole : 1 in 12,500 . -- A golfer hitting a hole in one on consecutive par-3 holes : 1 in about 156 million . From a 2011 State Farm study on collisions between vehicles and deer : -- Hitting a deer with a vehicle in Hawaii , the state where State Farm says deer-vehicle collisions are least likely : 1 in 6,267 . From the National Weather Service : -- Being struck by lightning over an 80-year lifetime : 1 in 10,000 . From the Florida Museum of Natural History , based on U.S. beach injury statistics : -- Drowning and other beach-related fatalities : 1 in 2 million . -- Being attacked by a shark : 1 in 11.5 million . But if you did win ... What do you think about your chances of winning on Wednesday ? Weigh in below , or on Twitter using #whataretheodds .	Chance of a ticket winning a Powerball jackpot is 1 in 175,223,510 You have a better chance of hitting two straight holes in one A record $ 550 million Powerball jackpot is up for grabs Wednesday
CNN  -- A second suspect in the killing of British soldier Lee Rigby was charged Saturday with murder , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Michael Adebolajo , 28 , also was charged with attempted murder of two police officers and possession of a firearm , police said . Police said Rigby was killed in a daylight attack a couple of hundred yards away from the Royal Artillery Barracks in the southeast London district of Woolwich on May 22 . Rigby was run over by a car and then knifed in the daylight attack , authorities said . Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale , 22 , were hospitalized after the attack . Adebolajo was released from the hospital into police custody on Friday . Adebowale was charged with murder after he was released from the hospital Tuesday . Adebolajo is scheduled to appear in Westminster Magistrates ' Court on Monday , police said . The killing has sparked an intense investigation by police . They announced two other arrests in the case Friday , of men seized on suspicion of supplying illegal firearms . Authorities also moved a man arrested on the suspicion of killing Rigby from a hospital to a police station . The charges against Adebolajo follow news of an inquest into Rigby 's death . The inquest opened Friday at Southwark Coroner 's Court and was quickly adjourned . Detective Chief Inspector Grant Mallon , the senior investigating officer into the death , said two men were incapacitated and detained at the scene of Rigby 's death . Slain soldier was a machine gunner , royal palaces drummer , father In all , 12 people have been arrested , including Adebolajo and Adebowale , in connection with the killing . • Two men , ages 42 and 46 , have been taken to a south London police station . One was arrested Friday in north London and the other in east London on suspicion of supplying illegal firearms . • Six others have been freed on bail , the most recent a 50-year-old man arrested Monday night on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . • Two were released without charges . Separately , a man who was arrested after he spoke in an interview about Adebolajo on BBC 's "  Newsnight " has been charged with two counts of dissemination of terrorist publications and one count of encouragement of terrorism . He is Ibrahim Abdullah-Hassan , also known as Abu Nusaybah . The charges are not connected to the Rigby murder investigation , police said . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report	Michael Adebolajo , 28 , has been charged with the murder of a British soldier Adebolajo also faces charges of the attempted murder of two police officers Police say the soldier , Lee Rigby , was killed on May 22 in southeast London
San Diego  CNN  -- On Election Day , Latinos stood up to the Republican Party that has tormented them for years and said : "  No mas ! " They gave the GOP , in state after state , a merciless beating and helped re-elect President Obama . They also sparked a family feud within the party -- about where to go from here . Convinced that Democrats have a record with Latinos that is n't much better , and that Obama -- because of his immigration enforcement record -- did n't deserve their support any more than Mitt Romney did , I advised Latinos to skip the line and vote for every office on the ballot except the one at the top . Instead , about 11 million Latinos voted for president . According to exit polls , Obama got 71 % of the Latino vote , compared with just 27 % for Romney . And they delivered three critical battleground states -- Colorado , Florida and Nevada . Although both parties need to be taught a lesson , I 'll settle for half a loaf . The Democrats got some votes they did n't deserve , but the Republicans got exactly what they deserved . Opinion : GOP voter suppression fueled black turnout It 's a punishment that was a long time coming . It was in 1994 , after California voters approved Proposition 187 , a ballot initiative that sought to deny services to illegal immigrant , that Republicans learned that they could scare up votes and win elections by tapping into fear over changing demographics and offering shelter to racists and nativists who were anti-Latino . More recently , it was Republicans who gave us those do-it-yourself immigration laws in states like Arizona , Alabama , Georgia and South Carolina that require local police to enforce federal immigration laws and make likely the ethnic profiling of Latinos . And , finally , it is Republicans who , when they 're running for president , compete to see who can be toughest on illegal immigrants . Latinos watch all these dramas play out . They take notes . And they do n't forget . And , in more bad news for the GOP , this is no small tribe we 're talking about . With Latinos making up 16 % of the U.S. population and projected to reach 30 % by 2050 , and with Latinos now representing 10 % of the U.S. electorate and adding 2 million more voters in every presidential election , Republicans can either make peace or march toward extinction . Politics : What the election teaches us about ourselves Personally , I hope they choose the former . Democrats have it too easy with Latinos , and Republicans have it too hard . And , the result is that these voters do n't get good service from either . But you ca n't fix something until you know why it 's broken . Republicans are n't sure . After Romney 's defeat , radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh scoffed at the idea that the only way for the GOP to have a shot with Hispanics is to turn itself inside out and embrace a full amnesty for illegal immigrants . In fact , Limbaugh 's fellow radio talker Sean Hannity and conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer both say that they now support that view . Yet Limbaugh is n't sold . Backtracking on immigration would only backfire on the GOP , he argued on his radio show , by leading conservatives to desert the party . Wrong , wrong , wrong . When it comes to Latinos , Limbaugh knows nada . Worse , he jumped to all the wrong conclusions . He insists that the real reason that Latinos vote for Democrats is n't because of immigration but because they like government handouts and do n't want to work hard . Latinos do n't want to work hard ? Is he kidding ? My Take : 7 ways religious diversity played in the election Besides , I thought the nativist complaint du jour was that Latino immigrants take jobs from U.S. citizens . How do they do that while standing in a welfare line ? Here are three things that help explain where Republicans went wrong with Latino voters to begin with . And following that , here are three things that they can do right to start making amends and live to fight another day . What Republicans do wrong : -- They pander to racists and nativists . At the very least , they remain silent when extremists in their party go off the rails by comparing illegal immigrants to dogs , insects or pigs . All of which has been done by Republican elected officials . -- They fall into what has been the familiar pattern in this country of portraying immigrants , illegal and legal , as inferior , defective , dishonest or predatory . One popular narrative is the one advanced by Limbaugh : immigrants as takers . -- And they do n't ask for advice or take it when it 's offered . Republican Latino consultants report being turned away by the Romney campaign , which either did n't care about getting Latino votes or were confident they could do it without any help . What Republicans could do right : -- They need to learn to talk about immigration as an economic issue and not a cultural one , and channel their anger and frustration over a broken system at the system itself and not at desperate human beings who come here for a better life . Opinion : Both parties must lead on immigration -- They need to support and help advance the careers of the GOP 's current crop of Hispanic rock stars : Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , Texas Senator-elect Ted Cruz , Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval , and New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez . -- And they need to turn the tables and put the other party on the defensive on those issues , such as education reform and expanding trade in Latin America , where Republicans are more in sync with Latinos than Democrats are . Or they could do nothing . They could write off Latino votes and declare that things are fine the way they are . They could remain rigid in their thinking , and declare that a small tent is roomy enough . They do n't have to change . They do n't have to seek out Latinos ; they can just wait for Latinos to come to them . That seems to have been the Republicans ' strategy in this election . How 'd that work out ? Politics : The new American electorate has arrived The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	On Tuesday , President Obama received 71 % of the Latino vote , says Ruben Navarrette The Republicans got exactly what they deserved , he says Republicans can either make peace or march toward extinction , he says GOP must learn to talk about immigration as an economic , not a cultural , issue , he says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- An employee of a luxurious New York hotel has been arrested in connection with the slaying of a woman in one of the hotel 's residential condominiums , police say . The Jumeirah Essex House is a landmark on Central Park South in New York . Derrick Praileau , 29 , faces second-degree murder charges in connection with the death of Andree Bejjani , 44 . Police said Bejjani , who was originally from Lebanon , had moved to New York from Dubai , United Arab Emirates , and had been staying in a residential condominium at the Jumeirah Essex House since August . Bejjani 's nude body was found Saturday afternoon on the 10th floor of the hotel on Central Park South . Her throat was slashed , authorities said . Police have not revealed a suspected motive for the slaying . "  This incident occurred in one of the private condominiums at The Essex House complex , " the hotel said in a statement provided to CNN . "  Our sincere condolences go out to the victim 's family and we have offered our full support during this difficult time . " The statement continued : "  We understand that a hotel employee has been arrested pending charges in conjunction with this incident . We continue to fully cooperate with the police throughout their investigation . " A message left with Praileau 's defense attorney was not returned . The hotel referred to Praileau only as an employee , but the New York Daily News said he was its housekeeping manager , citing Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . The 44-story Essex House opened in 1931 , a landmark Art Deco building . It recently underwent a $ 90 million renovation . The hotel has more than 500 luxury rooms and suites , along with several privately-owned residences . One six-room unit is currently on the market for $ 8.25 million .	Lebanese native Andree Bejjani , 44 , found dead in condo Saturday Derrick Praileau , 29 , faces second-degree murder charges Police commissioner tells newspaper that Praileau was housekeeping manager Authorities have not revealed suspected motive
CNN  -- Motorsport 's governing body has ended uncertainty over the Bahrain Grand Prix by issuing a statement confirming that the Formula One race will go ahead next weekend . The Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  on Friday acted to end weeks of speculation amid continuing protests and civil unrest in the Gulf kingdom . "  Based on the current information the FIA has at this stage , it is satisfied that all the proper security measures are in place for the running of a Formula One World Championship event in Bahrain , " the FIA said following a meeting between F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone and the 12 competing teams in Shanghai . "  Away from the public eye , the FIA has received regular security briefings from the most senior diplomatic officials based in the Kingdom as well as from other independent experts , " the statement continued . F1 chief Ecclestone : Sport and politics should not mix "  The FIA must make rational decisions based on the information provided to us by the Bahraini authorities and by the Commercial Rights Holder . In addition we have endeavored to assess the ongoing situation in Bahrain . " Ecclestone said he welcomed the statement after all the recent speculation . "  I understand that the problems in Bahrain are nothing to do with Formula One . Quite the opposite , we have a lot of support , " the 81-year-old told CNN . "  There are other issues , I believe , in Bahrain , but nothing to do with us . We do n't go into the country and interfere with the politics of the country anywhere , wherever we go . " Schumacher - Bahrain is safe FIA president Jean Todt visited the island on a "  fact-finding mission " last November , the statement says , consulting "  a large number of decision-makers and opinion formers " including the Crown Prince , King Hamad bin Issa al-Khalifa and ambassadors of European Union countries . "  All expressed their wish for the grand prix to go ahead in 2012 , and since then , the FIA has kept in close touch with all these stakeholders , " the FIA said . The race , which was canceled twice last year because of concerns about safety , is due to run on April 22 . The owner of the host track , Bahrain International Circuit , said that the race should be trouble-free . "  The BIC has been clear throughout recent weeks and months that the security situation in Bahrain is suitable for the staging of a major sporting event , " it said in a statement . Red Bull 's team principal Christian Horner said he respected the FIA 's decision . "  The confusing thing has been the uncertainty . So I think for everybody here in the paddock now it 's clear that there will be a race in Bahrain next week , " Horner told reporters in China ahead of the third race of the 2012 F1 season on Sunday . "  The FIA have obviously done their research and come out with a clear statement that as a team entered into the championship we respect . " Red Bull driver Mark Webber , who publicly opposed last year 's race in Bahrain said Thursday that he wanted to race , but it was a difficult decision . "  I have tried to watch the news to get the most balanced view that I can possibly get without getting too corrupted by false information , " Webber told reporters . "  It has been a little quieter , but this is Mark Webber sitting here -- I have as much information as anyone else . "  If we had a choice would we go ? I want to race . That is what I would like to go there and do . "  But saying that you can not ignore the fact that all of us , in the backs of our minds , want it to go down smoothly and do n't want it to be involved in the unrest . " But seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher , now in his second season at the Mercedes GP team , said he would feel safe racing in Bahrain and trusted the FIA 's decision-making . Former world champion Damon Hill , who had previously expressed concerns about the staging of the race this year , says he was "  100 % behind " the FIA 's decision . "  All the arguments have been made for and against . Human rights organizations have had their cases heard . No one is under any illusions about the situation . But the less vocal majority of Bahrainis also have a right to get on with their lives and we also have a responsibility to our F1 fans in the region , " Hill , the 1996 champion , said in a statement . "  I hope that F1 can be seen as a symbol of all that is possible if we can work together peacefully , " Hill added .	World motorsport 's governing body say Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead on April 22 FIA says it is "  satisfied that all the proper security measures are in place " Race was canceled in 2011 due to unrest in the Gulf Kingdom Recent continuing civil unrest has put this year 's race in doubt
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- North Korea has positioned what is thought to be a long-range missile on its launch pad , a U.S. counter-proliferation official said on Wednesday . A North Korean soldier stands guard in the border village of Panmunjom on December 1 , 2004 in South Korea . The official confirmed a Japanese media report . North Korea recently informed a pair of U.N. agencies that it plans to launch a satellite . The launch is slated for sometime between April 4-8 , according to Yonhap , South Korea 's state-sponsored news agency . North Korea is technically capable of launching a rocket in as little as two to four days , according to Kim Taewoo , an expert at the Korea Institute for Defense Analyses , but who doubts a launch will come that soon . It would not make sense for Pyongyang to make such a move after going through official channels with its plans , Kim said . "  The North could delay the launch if they experience problems with the weather , or within the leadership , but I do n't see any reason why they would fire it ahead of time , " Kim said . North Korea 's announcement has triggered international consternation . U.S. and South Korean officials have long said the North is actually preparing to test-fire a long-range missile under the guise of a satellite launch . Watch what might motivate Pyongyang to pursue missile tests " Japan said this month that it could shoot down the satellite that North Korean officials said they plan to launch . What the North Koreans would be testing may not be known until an actual launch . A U.N. Security Council resolution in 2006 banned North Korea from conducting ballistic missile activity . Japanese officials said they could shoot down the object whether it is a missile or a satellite . "  As the U.N. resolutions prohibit  North Korea  from engaging in ballistic missile activities , we still consider it to be a violation of a technical aspect , even if  the North  claims it is a satellite . We will discuss the matter with related countries based on this view , " Japanese Foreign Minister Hirofumi Nakasone said this month . The United States has no plans to shoot down the North Korean rocket , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday , but will raise the issue with the U.N. Security Council if Pyongyang carries out a launch . "  We are doing our best to dissuade the North Koreans from going forward , because it is provocative action , " Clinton said . "  It raises questions about their compliance with the Security Council Resolution 1718 . And if they persist and go forward , we will take it up in appropriate channels . " South Korea echoed Clinton 's statements . "  The South Korean government believes that if the North conducts its launch despite continuous warnings of the South Korean government and the international community , it is a provocative action that constitutes a serious threat to the security of northeast Asia and the Korean peninsula , " said Foreign Ministry spokesman Moon Tae-Young . "  The launching of the long-range rocket is a clear violation of the U.N. Security Council Resolution No. 1718 , and we strongly urge North Korea to immediately stop such measures . " The North Korean Taepodong-2 missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles  6,700 kilometers  that -- if true -- could strike Alaska or Hawaii .	NEW : U.S. Secretary of State Clinton says U.S. has no plans to shoot rocket down N. Korea positions what analyst is believes is long-range missile for launch Taepodong 2 rocket could launch either a warhead or a satellite North Koreans have said they intend to launch a communications satellite
New York  CNN  -- It took four trips by a state police helicopter , but 21 people who had been stranded by post-Irene floodwaters in a Prattsville , New York , house were rescued Monday without incident , a local official said . The group included four young children and a woman who appeared to be about five months pregnant , according to Greene County Administrator Shaun Groden . The group was stranded at a house that was cut off when all the bridges near it were washed out after torrential rains flooded homes and businesses and left the Catskill Mountains town of Prattsville largely cut off from the outside world . Another group of some 60 people took shelter during the storm at the Huntersfield Christian Training Center in Prattsville , and about 40 people remained there Monday night . Some in the group were able to head home on Monday , according to George Williams , youth leader at the center , but for others such a return would have to wait . "  We 're in safe ground so that 's why we 're a refuge for those , " Williams said . "  We have a number of people that have gone back to their homes , but we understand that there is a lot of , at your own risk , where people are entering their homes and they believe that they 're sound ... but some homes have shifted ... and there 's just a lot of cleanup to do , " he added . "  There are some here that have nothing to go back to , so they do n't know how long it 's going to be . " The shelter , which Williams said was about five or six miles from Prattsville 's main street , had power generators and enough water for those there to swap it for food from nearby residents . People from the neighboring town of Windham brought food and clothes for those at the shelter , Williams said . Emergency workers rescued 87 people from the Prattsville area on Sunday , including 25 people who were stranded at a motel for hours after 70 mph wind gusts grounded aircraft . The area flooded when Schoharie Creek rose more than 15 feet in less than 12 hours and intense rainfall shedding off the Catskills sent a volume of water greater than that of Niagara Falls -- both the American and Canadian sides -- crashing through town , Groden said . Elsie Stuppert , an employee of the Hideaway Hotel in Prattsville , said Monday the situation was dire . "  People ca n't go home . They have nothing , floors all mud , car on top of the deck . They 've lost everything , " she said . The hotel sheltered about 35 or 40 people Sunday night , and also served as a makeshift command post for rescue personnel . The town had been filled with vacationers , as well as people who headed to vacation homes in the area as they heeded warnings to evacuate parts of New York that forecasters had expected to bear the brunt of Irene 's impact , said Williams , from the Huntersfield center . "  They had come up to escape the storm only to find its worst here , " he said . CNN 's Nina Golgowski , Maria P. White and Katie Silver contributed to this report .	NEW : Police helicopter rescues 21 people stranded in a house cut off by floodwaters NEW : Others find shelter at a Christian center NEW : "  There are some here that have nothing to go back to , " a center official says County official : 87 people stranded in Prattsville were rescued Sunday
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Toyota 's president apologized profusely Tuesday as he announced the global recall of more than 400,000 of the automaker 's 2010 hybrid models , including the popular Prius , for problems in their anti-lock braking systems . "  We do apologize for the inconvenience and concerns we 've given to the customers , " President Akio Toyoda said in making the recall announcement from the automaker 's headquarters in Tokyo . "  Quality is our lifeline for Toyota . " The company will work to recover its customers ' trust , Toyoda said . The automaker filed recall papers early Tuesday afternoon with the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport . Recall papers will be filed in the United States sometime Tuesday . The recall adds to the woes of the beleaguered automaker , which had previously recalled more than 8 million cars in recent months . This latest recall was the first of Toyota vehicles sold in the domestic Japanese market . The worldwide recall involves 437,000 vehicles , including the Toyota Prius and Sai , along with the Lexus HS250h . The Sai is sold primarily in Japan . Sales of the Sai and Lexus HS250h will be halted until a fix is in place . The announcement was made by Toyota President Akio Toyoda and Shinichi Sasaki , vice president of quality control , at the Toyota offices in Tokyo . U.S. officials will be notified of the recall on Tuesday morning . This was Toyoda 's second press conference apologizing for Toyota problems since Friday . Toyoda had widely been criticized for remaining silent as recall problems mounted in North America , Europe and China . Last week , the company admitted a problem with the software that controls the anti-lock braking system of the 2010 model of the car and said it had found a solution for cars that started to roll off of the assembly line in Japan last month . It has yet to find a solution for the estimated 37,000 cars already on U.S. roads or the more than 200,000 of the 2010 model year vehicles that have been sold worldwide , but the company said Friday that a solution was "  near . " Jim Lentz , president of Toyota Motor Sales in the United States , during an online video interview Monday evening , declined to say when -- or if -- Toyota would recall the car . "  We 're going to do whatever it takes to make sure our customers feel secure and safe with our products , " Lentz said of the Prius issue . When the problem was originally brought to light last week , Toyota executives initially described it as a momentary delay in braking when the car was driving over slippery or bumpy surfaced such as ice or rutted roads . Lentz , speaking about the problem on Digg.com Monday , described it as a change in braking feel , a description that Toyota has begun using more recently when talking about the issue . The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced last week that it was opening a formal investigation into braking problems with the 2010 Prius . Nearly 125 Prius owners had lodged complaints about the problem . A spokeswoman for the highway safety agency said Monday that Toyota had not confirmed any recall plans . Separately , the total number of vehicles Toyota Motor Corp. has had to recall for gas-pedal related issues now comes to 8.1 million . The 8.1 million figure includes a total of 5.8 million vehicles recalled , around the world , for an issue in which accelerator pedals could become stuck in floor mats . Of those , 5.3 million are being recalled in the United States . A total of 4.5 million vehicles , worldwide , are being recalled for a problem in which gas pedals , as they wear , can become sticky and not come all the way back up when the driver takes his foot off the pedal . Of those , 2.3 million are under recall in the U.S. Toyota officials estimate the total cost of the global recall could be as much as $ 2 billion , including the loss of 100,000 vehicle sales in the United States and Europe . Last week Toyota posted a $ 1.7 billion profit for the quarter ending December 31 . The company also upgraded its forecast and is projecting to end the fiscal year in March to an $ 880 million profit . The company previously forecast a $ 2.2 billion loss this year . In the wake of the recalls , Toyota 's share value has dropped about 20 percent . CNN 's Kyung Lah , Kevin Voigt and CNNMoney 's Peter Valdes-Dapena contributed to this report .	Toyota will recall more than 400,000 hybrid vehicles worldwide for brake problems This latest recall will include the Toyota Prius and Sai , along with the Lexus HS250h More than 8 million Toyota cars have been recalled globally due to accelerator problems
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Perhaps Ryan Seacrest said it best at the top of the "  American Idol " Tuesday night when describing Adam Lambert and Kris Allen , the show 's final two contestants . In this corner : Kris Allen , the guy next door . "  It is the battle of the acoustic rocker versus the glam rocker . Conway  Arkansas  versus California . The guy next door versus the guy-liner . " After three performances apiece and plenty of judge feedback , it seems that the Southern California glam-rocker Adam Lambert has the edge -- but it did n't look that way early in Tuesday 's show . In the first round , where the contestants chose a song from a favorite past performance this season , Simon Cowell declared Kris Allen the winner after his rendition of "  Ai n't No Sunshine " on piano . Watch Allen and Lambert talk after the show " Lambert chose to sing "  Mad World " while wearing a long black coat and walking around a stage filled with white smoke , all of which Cowell found "  over-theatrical . " "  I think ` Mad World ' is kind of symbolic , " Lambert told reporters after the show . "  It talks about people who do n't feel like they fit in . " Round two featured a tune hand-picked by "  American Idol " creator Simon Fuller , where Lambert ditched the black overcoat and belted out Sam Cooke 's "  A Change Is Gon na Come " while sporting a shiny silver suit . Paula Abdul told Lambert "  it was the best I 've ever heard you sing , ever ! " Allen 's feedback after singing Marvin Gaye 's classic "  What 's Goin ' On " in the second round was much less flattering . See the best and worst performances from season eight " "  I thought it was too laid back for a night like this , " said Cowell . He then gave round two to Lambert . Round three featured a bit of a twist -- both contestants had to sing a song co-written by judge Kara DioGuardi called "  No Boundaries . " Lambert went first and had little difficulty with the ballad . Cowell told the 27-year-old afterward that "  you have been one of the best , most original contestants we 've ever had on the show . " Allen , however , struggled to stay in tune during the entire performance ... but the judges were less harsh this time . "  You have thoroughly , thoroughly deserved to be standing on that stage tonight , congratulations , " said Cowell . Watch anchors debate "  Idol " finalists " After the show , Lambert told reporters that they did not have a lot of time to work on "  No Boundaries " and it was kind of a "  rush job . " "  There was a lot of lyric , and it was a big song , " said Lambert . "  But it 's a beautiful song . " It almost seems appropriate that these two are facing off in the finale . According to Allen , he and Lambert were once roommates during the competition . They even critique each other 's rehearsals . "  He 's always giving me stuff to change about mine ... to make it better , " Allen told reporters . iReport.com : Who should win : Kris or Adam ? A little over an hour before the show began , a magnitude 4.0 quake aftershock hit 10 miles southeast of downtown Los Angeles . Tuesday night 's telecast was held at the Nokia Theater , which is in downtown Los Angeles . A 4.7-magnitude earthquake struck the area shortly before 8:40 p.m. Sunday . But , to Allen 's disappointment , neither of the contestants felt the jolt Tuesday . "  I was totally upset , too , because I 've never been to California  except for ` American Idol '  , and I was like , ' I want to feel an earthquake . ' " Allen and Lambert will return to the stage Wednesday night and find out , along with the rest of the world , who will be crowned the next "  American Idol " at the two-hour finale .	Final two "  American Idol " contestants battle it out in song for the title Tuesday Californian Adam Lambert has developed a glam-rock persona Arkansas resident Kris Allen has a guy-next-door appeal Who will America choose ? Results show starts at 8 p.m. ET Wednesday
Guatemala City , Guatemala  CNN  -- The two top candidates in Guatemala 's presidential race are headed for a runoff after tallies Monday revealed neither had secured enough votes to win the election . Otto Perez Molina , a retired army general who pledged to take a tough stand on crime , garnered the most votes in Sunday 's elections . With almost all of the ballots counted Monday night , Perez Molina had 36 % of votes -- far short of the more than 50 % needed to win outright . His closest competitor , businessman Manuel Baldizon , had 23 % of votes , said Guatemala 's election authority . Observers from the Organization of American States criticized Guatemalan election officials ' apparent disorganization and slow vote-counting after Sunday 's election , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The watchdogs said they hoped the process would improve in the second round of voting , scheduled for November 6 . Dealing with widespread violence and the growing threat of organized crime figured heavily in the campaigns of all 10 candidates vying for the presidency . Baldizon championed a crime-fighting plan called "  Security Now ! " Campaign posters for Perez Molina , who led in polls before Sunday 's election , featured a clenched fist . The 60-year-old retired general pledged to bring a "  mano dura " -- firm hand -- to Guatemala 's highest office . In a debate co-hosted by CNN en Español last month , Perez Molina called for "  elite units of the army " to play a larger role in the nation 's battle against gangs and drug cartels . But that proposed approach -- and Perez Molina 's high rank in the military during Guatemala 's decades-long civil war -- worries human rights groups both in Guatemala and abroad . "  These groups have begun questioning his military past and his participation in the war against the insurgents during the armed conflict . Undoubtedly , this issue will be present during his presidency if he wins the elections , " said Miguel Castillo , a political analyst at Guatemala 's Francisco Marroquin University . Concerns stem from the fact that the Guatemalan military committed multiple atrocities during the civil war , though Perez Molina has never been directly implicated in any of them , Castillo said . Perez Molina is campaigning for president for a second time . He was defeated in 2007 by incumbent President Alvaro Colom . "  We would have liked to win in the first round , but we are prepared with a revision of plans and strategy to face the second phase of this electoral process , " he said early Monday , according to AGN . First-time candidate Baldizon , 41 , also said he was ready for the next round , AGN reported . The businessman and attorney , who is running under the banner of the Leader Party , has energized young people . His campaign slogan was "  Only the people can save the people . " The youngest of all the candidates , Baldizon espouses a concept he calls "  renewed democratic liberty " in which all members of society have a role to play in seeking solutions to common problems . "  In order to change Guatemala , we need a president who 's really committed to our nation , with a calling for service , and who truly wants to change Guatemala , " Baldizon said . Poverty is endemic in Guatemala , and the country has one of the worst crime rates in Latin America . Forty-three percent of children under 5 are chronically malnourished . And the murder rate last year was 42 per 100,000 people -- one of the highest in the world . In a Vox Latina national survey in July , more than two-thirds of Guatemalans said violence was the issue that concerned them most , far outpacing the combined totals for the economy , unemployment , poverty and lack of education . This is only the fourth time that Guatemala has held presidential elections since peace accords were signed in 1996 , officially ending a civil war that devastated the Central American country for 36 years . The conflict left more than 100,000 people dead and a million refugees . The new president will take office in January . CNN 's Fernando del Rincon , Rafael Romo and Arthur Brice , and journalist Patzy Vasquez contributed to this report .	Retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina gets the most votes , but must face a runoff Businessman Manuel Baldizon is poised for a second-place finish The Organization of American States criticizes slow vote-counting Dealing with widespread violence has figured heavily in the campaign
A much anticipated encounter between President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , came on the sidelines of a lunch held Friday to mark the 70th anniversary of D-Day . But a conversation between Putin and Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko may have been more fruitful . "  We believe it 's a good thing they were able to speak , but it 's not a substitute for the steps it  Russia  needs to take to deescalate things , especially violence , " a senior administration official said . "  It 's a positive thing that they spoke , but more needs to be done . " The official said Putin has publicly voiced support for Poroshenko , but "  he 's not taking steps to back that up . " Putin and Poroshenko 's conversation included plans to discuss a cease-fire in the coming days , the office of French President Francois Hollande said . "  It would have to be mutual , " the administration official said of the cease-fire . "  Not just on the part of the people of Ukraine , but also the Russians . " During their informal aside , Obama told Putin that to reduce tensions in Ukraine , Russia must recognize Poroshenko as the country 's legitimate leader and stop supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine . Obama also told Putin that Russia must stop the flow of weapons across the border into Ukraine , Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said . Working with the Ukrainian leadership is the only way to reverse Russia 's increasing isolation , Obama said , according to Rhodes . "  We did n't think it was the right time , place or circumstances to have a discussion , " the senior administration official said . "  We believe they have n't legitimately recognized Poroshenko . " The talk lasted 10 to 15 minutes . Speculation had been brewing that the American and Russian leaders would meet , despite apparently elaborate steps taken by Hollande to avoid a tense encounter . On Thursday , he dined with Obama before hosting a separate dinner with Putin . The pair were also seated well apart for the D-Day lunch . With Hollande and the queens of Britain and Denmark between them , the two seemed unlikely to have to converse unless they wanted to . The World War II commemorative events also brought Putin and Poroshenko together in their first face-to-face meeting . They talked briefly before the leaders went to the D-Day lunch . German Chancellor Angela Merkel stood with them as they spoke . Putin and Poroshenko shook hands before their informal exchange , Hollande 's office told CNN . No interaction was seen between Obama and Putin at that point . ` Lane of international law ' Speaking Thursday in Brussels , Belgium , Obama said he and Putin were likely to cross paths in France , although no formal meeting was planned . Obama said then that if they spoke , he would give Putin the same message on Ukraine that he has given him in phone calls over past weeks and in his public statements . Putin "  has a chance to get back into a lane of international law , " he said . Obama said Putin could start by recognizing Poroshenko , stopping the flow of weapons over the border into Ukraine and ceasing Russian support for pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine . Putin , in an interview with French television station TF1 , did not discount the possibility of meeting with Obama . "  As for my relations with Barack Obama , I have no reason whatsoever to believe he is not willing to talk to the President of Russia , " he said . "  But ultimately , it is his choice . I am always ready for dialogue , and I think that dialogue is the best way to bridge any gaps . "	Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin speak on the sidelines of a D-Day lunch Russia 's Putin and Ukraine 's Petro Poroshenko shake hands , talk briefly French President Hollande dined with Obama on Thursday before a separate dinner with Putin Obama said he would reiterate comments on Ukraine if he and Putin met
CNN  Recently , the new on-demand economy met U.S. employment law , and the encounter left both sides dazed and confused . In San Francisco , one federal district judge speculated that the ride-sharing company Uber may have to treat its drivers as employees rather than independent contractors . In another courtroom in the same city , a different judge , hearing a lawsuit brought by drivers for Uber 's rival , Lyft , opined that U.S. employment laws actually may not cover the drivers as employees . Neither court has yet issued a final decision , but when they do , both judges will be right . Work -- both its structure and its very nature -- is undergoing rapid change in our country . Major corporations are increasingly using subcontracting structures , like outsourcing jobs , hiring workers through staffing agencies , and franchising . By calling workers "  independent contractors , " companies hope to divest themselves of their legal responsibilities as employers . At the same time , companies retain enormous control over when , where and how workers do their bidding and build their profits . Companies like Uber and Lyft fit squarely within this paradigm , forcing their drivers  or "  partners , " in Uber-speak  to bear all of the risk of running their own businesses -- investing in cars , paying for maintenance , insurance and gasoline , but without any guarantee of steady work -- while sending much of the rewards to the company . Uber alone is valued at over $ 41 billion . According to Uber 's own survey , the company is comprised of largely part-time drivers making roughly $ 300 to $ 400 a week , before paying off their expenses . In the new on-demand economy , companies are turning the Internet into the equivalent of a street corner hiring site and turning workers into day laborers . Hundreds of thousands of people work days-long or hours-long "  gigs " -- housecleaning for Homejoy , stocking shelves through Wonolo , or running errands as Taskrabbits . Some gigs last only minutes , and pay as little as a penny per task , including those posted on Amazon 's Mechanical Turk . These piece-rate workers do the jobs that computers ca n't do  yet  . They tag online images , write copy for websites or match performers to labels on CDs . Like the Uber and Lyft drivers , workers who take on these kinds of jobs through online platforms are on their own . Unless the courts rule otherwise , they will continue to be treated as independent businesses . That means they will have no access to basic legal rights like minimum wage , overtime pay , workers ' compensation , unemployment insurance , employer-provided benefits and most critically , the formal right to come together and bargain with the companies for better wages and working conditions . While some workers will , like taxi drivers already have , organize and win fair treatment independent of what the courts rule , that task will be a hard one for workers who work in isolation , cut off from one another . Experts say this is just the beginning of a brave new world in which most workers will have a "  portfolio " instead of a job . Even now , Uber claims 160,000 drivers use its application to find customers and earn money . Mechanical Turk claims 500,000 "  turkers " across the globe . PriceWaterhouseCoopers estimated last summer that the sharing economy as a whole , valued at $ 15 billion in 2013 , could reach $ 335 billion globally by 2025 . It 's not hard to see who wins and who loses in this scenario . More people , working in what former U.S. Department of Labor Secretary Robert Reich calls the "  sharing the scraps " economy , will have less to live on , no ability to progress in a job and nothing to live on at the end of their work life . As the San Francisco judges recognize , these developments have implications not only for the way in which work is organized , but for whether or not work delivers decent pay and working conditions , the right to join with other workers to improve jobs and the social safety net on which workers rely when they are between jobs or ready to retire from the world of work . If this is our future , we have to get it right . And we can get it right . We can deliver a decent standard of living for a decent day 's work to these workers and those who will follow them . The jury may still be out on whether companies like Uber , Lyft , and Wonolo and platforms like Mechanical Turk may be employers in the traditional sense . Some of them certainly are , and some companies will have to treat their workers as employees . But we have other policy solutions close at hand , because we have seen these structures before . The new platforms operate just like the traditional labor brokers in the agriculture and garment industries , who recruit workers , match them with jobs , and make a tidy profit for themselves in the bargain . Why should n't Uber , Lyft , and their kin be required , just like other labor brokers are , to register , pay their workers minimum wage and overtime , limit the commissions they are allowed to keep from each job they arrange and pay the payroll taxes that ensure workers have access to basic benefits like workers ' compensation when they are injured and Social Security when they retire ? Given the kind of huge revenue being generated in some of these companies , it 's not a lot to ask . For the sake of our economic future , we need to make sure that these companies treat workers fairly . America can not thrive off of a nation of freelancers who are sharing the scraps .	In the new on-demand economy , companies like Uber are turning workers into day laborers By calling workers "  independent contractors , " companies reap profits but bear few responsibilities
In the early 1960s , a young postdoctoral student stumbled onto something that puzzled him . After reading the literature on cannabis , he was surprised to see that while the active compound in morphine had been isolated from opium poppies 100 years before and cocaine isolated from coca leaves around the same time , the active component of marijuana was still unknown . This simple observation launched his life 's work . That young Israeli researcher , Raphael Mechoulam , is now a heavily decorated scientist , recently nominated for the prestigious Rothschild Prize . More than 50 years ago , however , he had trouble starting his scientific journey . For starters , he needed cannabis to study and did n't know how to obtain it . Eventually , he obtained his research supply from friends in the police department . The young scientist was in a hurry , and did n't want to wait to cut through the red tape required by Israel 's Health Ministry . "  Yes , I broke the law , " he told me when I met with him in Tel Aviv last year , "  but I apologized and explained what I was trying to do . " It 's a good thing the Israeli government did n't stall his progress , because Mechoulam was moving at breakneck speed . Dr. Sanjay Gupta : "  Doubling down " on medical marijuana By 1963 , he determined the structure of cannabidiol  CBD  , an important component of marijuana . A year later , he became the first person to isolate delta-9 tetrahydrocannabinol  THC  , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana . Over the ensuing decades , Mechoulam and his team continued to isolate numerous compounds from the cannabis plant . Their work also went a long way toward illuminating how the drug works in the brain . When Mechoulam 's team identified the first known endogenous cannabinoid , a chemical actually made by the brain itself , he named it "  anandamide . " In the Sanskrit language , ananda means "  supreme bliss , " which gives us some insight into what Mechoulam thinks of cannabinoids overall . It was halfway through our long afternoon discussion that Mechoulam , now 83 , pulled out a paper he had written in 1999 , describing something known as "  the entourage effect . " Think of it like this : There are more than 480 natural components found within the cannabis plant , of which 66 have been classified as "  cannabinoids . " Those are chemicals unique to the plant , including delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol and cannabidiols . There are , however , many more , including : -- Cannabigerols  CBG  ; -- Cannabichromenes  CBC  ; -- other Cannabidiols  CBD  ; -- other Tetrahydrocannabinols  THC  ; -- Cannabinol  CBN  and cannabinodiol  CBDL  ; -- other cannabinoids  such as cannabicyclol  CBL  , cannabielsoin  CBE  , cannabitriol  CBT  and other miscellaneous types  . Other constituents of the cannabis plant are : nitrogenous compounds  27 known  , amino acids  18  , proteins  3  , glycoproteins  6  , enzymes  2  , sugars and related compounds  34  , hydrocarbons  50  , simple alcohols  7  , aldehydes  13  , ketones  13  , simple acids  21  , fatty acids  22  , simple esters  12  , lactones  1  , steroids  11  , terpenes  120  , non-cannabinoid phenols  25  , flavonoids  21  , vitamins  1  , pigments  2  , and other elements  9  . Minister 's daughter : Cannabis "  a gift from God " Here is the important point . Mechoulam , along with many others , said he believes all these components of the cannabis plant likely exert some therapeutic effect , more than any single compound alone . While science has not yet shown the exact role or mechanism for all these various compounds , evidence is mounting that these compounds work better together than in isolation : That is the "  entourage effect . " Take the case of Marinol , which is pure , synthetic THC . When the drug became available in the mid-1980s , scientists thought it would have the same effect as the whole cannabis plant . But it soon became clear that most patients preferred using the whole plant to taking Marinol . Researchers began to realize that other components , such as CBD , might have a larger role than previously realized . To better understand the concept of the entourage effect , I traveled to the secret labs of GW Pharmaceuticals , outside London . In developing Sativex , a cannabis-based drug to treat multiple sclerosis , the company 's chairman , Dr. Geoffrey Guy , told me the company ran into some of the same obstacles that Marinol faced . More than a decade of experiments revealed that a whole plant extract , bred to contain roughly the same amounts of THC and CBD in addition to the other components in the plant , was more effective in reducing the pain and spasms of MS than a medication made of a single compound . It could be that multiple individual compounds play a role , or it could be due to their interaction in the body ; it could also be combination of both , Guy said . Now , maybe this all sounds obvious . After all , eating real fruits , vegetables and other plants provides better nutrition than just taking vitamin pills with one nutrient or mineral in each . Science is showing us that we can likely say the same about cannabis . As we move forward with creating medicines , like Charlotte 's Web , for the patients who can benefit from cannabis -- this is an important point to keep in mind . Unlike other drugs that may work well as single compounds , synthesized in a lab , cannabis may offer its most profound benefit as a whole plant , if we let the entourage effect flower , as Mechoulam suggested more than a decade ago . "  This was our only hope " : Medical marijuana refugees	Scientist Raphael Mechoulam has made studying marijuana his life 's work There are more than 480 natural components in the cannabis plant "  The entourage effect " means those components may work best together
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Two men are being sought for questioning in the brazen daylight robbery of a jewelry store last week , in which some $ 65 million in merchandise was stolen , authorities said Tuesday . Security camera footage shows images of the men wanted by police . Detectives released surveillance camera photos of the two , in addition to images of some of the rings , bracelets , necklaces and watches taken from Graff Jewellers on central London 's New Bond Street . A total of 43 items were taken , with a value of about # 40 million , or about $ 65 million , Scotland Yard said . The heist occurred Thursday , when two men walked into the jewelry store at about 4:40 p.m. and threatened employees with handguns . As the robbers were leaving the store , they brought a female worker outside with them before leaving in a blue BMW , Scotland Yard said . A shot was fired outside the store , but no one was injured . The men abandoned the BMW nearby , firing a second shot into the ground , Scotland Yard said . Police believe they switched to a silver Mercedes , then later to a black vehicle , possibly a Ford or Volkswagen . "  This was a well-planned robbery with a number of vehicles used to help the robbers escape , " Detective Chief Inspector Pam Mace said in the statement . "  These men are extremely dangerous and fired at least two shots in busy London streets as they made their getaway . Watch how robbers rip off London jewelers " "  Someone knows who these men are , " she said . "  They would undoubtedly have spoken about  the robbery  before or boasted about it afterwards . I would urge anyone who recognizes them , knows the whereabouts of the jewelry or has any other information to contact us . " The images show the two men dressed in suits and ties . One man is white , about 30 , police said . The second is a black man believed to be in his 30s with short hair . Both men are thought to have spoken with London accents , Scotland Yard said . The robbery is the latest in a spate of daytime thefts at jewelry stores and designer shops in London 's exclusive shopping areas of Bond Street , which includes New Bond Street . Groups of men or teenagers typically stage "  smash and grab " robberies , in which they break the windows and steal anything they can get their hands on before speeding away in waiting cars or motorbikes . A CNN camera crew filming in March on Oxford Street , near Bond Street , caught a group of thieves speeding away on motorbikes from a jewelry store they had just robbed . The thieves choose to strike during the day when a store 's security system is typically disarmed , even though the store and sidewalk may be crowded with people .	Two men sought over brazen daylight robbery of a jewelry store in London 43 items were taken , with a value of about # 40 million , or about $ 65 million Both men said to have London accents
Washington  CNN  -- The grounds outside the U.S. Supreme Court have long been a place for protests , rallies , and other "  expressive events . " But exactly just what could be said and where the public could assert its First Amendment rights was a source of contention -- at least until Thursday . That 's when court officials issued new rules . The regulations clarify a 60-year-old law blocking any demonstrations on court property , including the marble plaza that serves as the dramatic gateway to the building itself . "  The term demonstration includes demonstrations , picketing , speechmaking , marching , holding vigils or religious services and all other like forms of conduct that involve the communication or expression of views or grievances , engaged in by one or more persons , the conduct of which is reasonably likely to draw a crowd or onlookers , " says the revised Regulation 7 , which was effective Thursday . "  The term does not include casual use by visitors or tourists that is not reasonably likely to attract a crowd or onlookers . " The changes follow a federal judge 's ruling on Wednesday tossing out as unconstitutional the previous anti-demonstration rules . Judge Beryl Howell said those laws were overly broad and vague , and could implicate any "  group activity " on the grounds , including students wearing t-shirts with the name of their school , or tourists gathering on the plaza for a group photo . Federal law gives individual buildings and agencies , including courts , discretion to set their own security and access procedures . Harold Hodge , Jr. , had challenged the regulations in court . The Maryland college student was arrested in February 2011 for silently carrying an anti-racism sign on the plaza , although court records show he did so peacefully . A court police officer approached Hodge and three times asked him to leave the plaza , but he refused . He was then handcuffed and taken into custody . The charges were dropped after Hodge agreed not to return to the court for six months . He later sued , claiming his free speech rights were being violated and that he had a right to protest on government property . A Virginia-based civil rights group , the Rutherford Institute , defended Hodge in his case . The group 's president , John Whitehead , called the high court 's new rules set by its Marshal 's office "  repugnant " to the guarantees enshrined in the Constitution . Protests , rallies , speeches , and marches in front of the court often number in the hundreds of people , and are traditionally held on the public sidewalk on First Street , NE , between the court and the Capitol . Demonstrators gathered for days during the 2000 Bush v. Gore case over the disputed outcome of the presidential election . And those on both sides of the abortion debate rally yearly in front of the court on the January anniversary of Roe v. Wade decision . The Supreme Court had no comment on the rule changes .	Court revises 60-year-old regulation after man silently holding sign challenged rules Law clarifies protests on grounds ; still ca n't demonstrate on plaza or inside Protests usually held on sidewalk outside court steps opposite Capitol New rules exempt casual behavior not likely to attract a crowd or onlookers
Tokyo  CNN  After the deaths of two Japanese citizens at the hands of ISIS , Tokyo has stopped a journalist from traveling to Syria by confiscating his passport . It 's the first time the Japanese government has taken such a step . But the journalist , Yuichi Sugimoto , has suggested it 's a breach of his rights . "  Ministry officials and police officers told me that unless I returned my passport , I would be arrested , " he told Japanese television . Sugimoto , a 58-year-old freelance photo journalist , said he challenged the officials over whether the confiscation conflicted with freedoms of expression , movement and the press . The Japanese Foreign Ministry said its officials , accompanied by police officers , visited Sugimoto 's home in the city of Niigata on Saturday night . They asked him to surrender his passport , citing a provision in the passport law that refers to the protection of citizens ' lives in emergencies . Japanese media reported that Sugimoto had been planning to leave Japan for Turkey later this month and then head across the border into Syria . The Foreign Ministry said that before Saturday 's visit , officials had repeatedly asked Sugimoto to refrain from traveling to Syria , warning of the risk of capture by ISIS militants . "  We understand that the freedom of reporting , news gathering and travel should be respected as much as possible , " Japanese Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Monday . "  But at the same time , the government has the extremely important duty to ensure the safety of Japanese citizens who travel or live abroad . " Suga cited ISIS ' recent brutal killings of two Japanese hostages it was holding , the journalist Kenji Goto and Haruna Yukawa , an aspiring security contractor . ISIS has "  warned it will try to kill more Japanese , " he said . The Islamic extremist group , which controls large areas of Syria and Iraq , has killed some of the other international hostages it has held , including two American journalists . Japan : ` We will never ever forgive ' ISIS CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Journalist says he was told he would be arrested if he did n't surrender passport Japan says it has a duty to ensure the safety of its citizens abroad ISIS has "  warned it will try to kill more Japanese , " government official says
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama proposed nearly doubling the child care tax credit for middle-class families Monday , the latest administration initiative meant to reassure Americans nervous about the slow pace of the economic recovery . The proposal is one of five new recommendations from the president 's Middle Class Task Force , which was established one year ago this week . It comes as an increasingly populist White House struggles to regain the political advantage among swing independent voters who have flocked to the GOP in recent elections in Massachusetts , New Jersey and Virginia . "  The middle class has been under assault for a long time , " Obama said in remarks delivered near the White House . "  None of these steps alone will solve all the challenges facing the middle class , " he said . "  But hopefully , -LSB- they -RSB- will re-establish some of the security that 's slipped away in recent years . " Specifically , Obama will push to increase the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate from 20 percent to 35 percent for families making under $ 85,000 a year . Families making from $ 85,000 to $ 115,000 also would see an increase in their tax credit , the statement said . At the same time , lower-income families would receive a $ 1.6 billion increase in child care funding , the largest one-year increase in two decades . In addition , the White House will propose limiting federal student loan payments to 10 percent of a student 's income above a basic living allowance . The administration also will push for the creation of a system of automatic workplace individual retirement accounts , requiring all employers to give workers the option of enrolling in a direct-deposit IRA . The "  saver 's tax credit " would be expanded , with a government match of 50 percent of the first $ 1,000 of contributions for families making $ 65,000 or less . Fourth , the White House will propose expanding tax credits to match retirement savings , while also enacting new safeguards to protect retirement savings . Fifth , the administration will push to expand federal support for families caring for elderly relatives , "  helping them manage their multiple responsibilities and allowing seniors to live in the community for as long as possible , " a White House official said . Since its establishment , the Middle Class Task Force has held 11 meetings around the country and at the White House , according to the statement . All five task force recommendations will be included in Obama 's proposed fiscal year 2011 budget , which is set to be unveiled February 1 . The president is also widely expected to stress middle-class economic themes in Wednesday 's State of the Union address . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Plan is one of five Middle Class Task Force recommendations White House to also propose limits to a student 's federal loan payments Automatic workplace IRAs , retirement savings protections , elder care also to be addressed
CNN  -- India captain MS Dhoni believes his team are peaking at the right time as they prepare to battle Sri Lanka for the Cricket World Cup . Dhoni believes the lengthy format of the competition , which started on February 19 , has suited his side , who secured their place in the final with a win over Asian rivals Pakistan . With Mumbai set to host the showpiece event on Saturday , cricket-mad India is buzzing with anticipation at the tantalizing prospect of their team securing their first world title since 1983 . And Dhoni , who has been praised for his leadership skills during the tournament , thinks his side are hitting top form just at the right time . "  The format has really helped us . We have had quite a few close games where we were tested , " he was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . "  Some of the youngsters were tested . They were at the crease at a time when a big performance was needed from them . Slowly they are getting into the groove . "  It was important that we peaked at the right time . We 've chased some decent scores and we have won batting first . "  We 've been tested more often than not in the games we have played so I think it will be a very good final . Sri Lanka is a very good team and we will have to do our best to beat them . "  It 's not about what your rating is but how good you are on the day . You have to be at your best . " Going to the World Cup ? Send videos , photos to CNN iReport . Sachin Tendulkar is bound to be the main focus of the build up to the game as the record-breaking batsman known as ` the little master ' goes in search of his 100th century . But Dhoni insists the Indian effort is a group one and that the close knit nature of his squad has contributed to their success . "  Everybody 's giving more than 100 percent on the field , so we 're ready for the final , " Dhoni said . "  The team unity , the way we are backing each other and not criticizing any player has been great . If somebody is having a bad time on the field we are making sure he is wanted and everybody is helping each other . "  That 's what really counts in team sport . Individuals have stepped up and said ` OK I will be the person who will perform in this particular game ' but overall everybody has contributed so far in bits and pieces . "	India captain MS Dhoni says his team are peaking ahead of the Cricket World Cup final Dhoni 's team take on Sri Lanka in Mumbai on Saturday Skipper says India have a great unity in the camp as they go for second World Cup title
Last year at airports across the world 18 % of flights were delayed , leaving millions of passengers stuck with a lot of time on their hands . Most of us can kill time at airports with a bit of shopping or the distractions provided by our smartphones , but some instead choose to get creative . Richard Dunn is a case in point . Earlier this month , he found himself stuck overnight as Las Vegas ' McCarran International Airport , and decided to pass the time by shooting a music video of himself lip-synching the Celine Dion cover of "  All by Myself . " Shortly after posting it on Vimeo , the video went viral . We asked our readers to submit images of them killing time , and found that pre-boarding , they can get pretty quirky . Make a game of it Earlier this month , Daniel Wiersema , from Austin , Texas , was traveling with fellow members of the American Outlaws , a soccer fan club that travels to matches worldwide to show support for the USA . He was one of 530 members who flew to Brazil for the 2014 FIFA World Cup . At George HW Bush International Airport , however , he and his fellow fans found they had time to kill before boarding . "  Myself and about eight others began passing a ball around , and it broke into a full out game , " he recalls . Do you have a photo or video demonstrating how you kill time at the airport ? Share them with CNN iReport and it may be added to the gallery above . Be a fly on the wall Sometimes , people-watching provides its own rewards . Training consultant Nick Holyoake found this to be true while waiting around at arrivals at London 's Stansted Airport . He happened to notice a woman who , despite her bright yellow dress and smiley face balloon , looked "  sad and solitary " , he says . "  She looked like she made such an effort for someone who was either late or never coming , " Holyoake hypothesizes . "  The paradox between the bright yellow of her hopefulness and the reality that all was most likely not going smoothly grabbed me . " When he noticed her cover her face with the balloon , he could n't help but snap a picture . Hit the lounge Some travelers , meanwhile , found themselves actually relishing their flight delays . Freddy Sherman , a luxury travel blogger , was so pleased with the amenities at Istanbul Ataturk Airport 's CIP Lounge that he was loathe to board his flight . In addition to a spacious billiards area , the lounge also sports a golf simulator . "  I travel frequently and have experienced a lot of airport lounges , but this one constantly amazes me with all the things to see , do and eat , " he says . "  I actually wanted my plane to be delayed so I could spend more time there . " Share your best shots of dealing with flight delays with CNN iReport .	Traveler Richard Dunn made a music video that went viral while stuck at the airport iReporters shared photos of how they kill time while waiting to board their flight Readers reveal they 've played soccer and practiced flying a plane while at the airport
CNN  -- The Penn State child sex abuse scandal once again demonstrates how easily organizations , facing bad news that is not yet public , adopt a "  circle the wagons " strategy to protect the institution , and convince themselves -- contrary to all evidence -- that the problem is not really very serious . It is an unavoidable fact that institutions act this way . It 's a rare organization that has the integrity or the confidence to deal openly with embarrassment or scandal . It is much easier for leaders -- and crowds of disillusioned students in the Penn State case -- to flatly say the accusations are untrue . "  I ca n't believe Jerry would do such a thing , " they say . "  The media has always wanted to bring down Penn State football . " In the nearly 40 years I have been counseling organizations and their leaders about such incidents , their first reaction is almost always surprise and disbelief . These leaders often believe , naively , that everyone in their organization is ethical . Faced with allegations of wrongdoing among their co-workers or employees , they adopt denial as an institutional and psychological defense . If evidence piles up that the charges are true , too many leaders , recognizing their own failure to create and sustain an ethical environment , conclude there was no way to prevent the events . "  This was an aberration , " some leaders argue , "  I am certain this person will never do anything like this again . " "  He only did it because he had serious financial troubles at home " or "  She was going through a divorce . " This can lead to the decision to ignore or sweep this case under the rug . Other leaders conclude that although the misbehavior is true , the media frenzy or the government response will be so overblown that they have a twisted sort of obligation to hide it . "  You ca n't stop the occasional bad apple , " one chief executive told me . "  I would not be doing my organization any favors by revealing every one of these . The public would completely overreact . " Once the initial decision is made that it 's best not to come clean , it becomes much harder to come clean later . The original charges are compounded by accusations of a cover-up . Many leaders decide they have no alternative but to hunker down and hope the incident never comes to public attention . When it does , of course , the institution and all involved suffer much more damage than they would have by addressing the original charge . Looking back , we ask how they could have had so little regard for the victims of the behavior -- be they children who were raped or the community whose water supply was poisoned . The sad reality is that leaders , swept up in denial and concern about embarrassing themselves and their organizations , do n't think first about the victims or the future victims -- they think about how to contain the damage . Penn State is neither the first nor will it be the last organization to demonstrate this pattern . In just the past few months we have at least three other tragic examples of allegations of abuse left unreported by respected organizations : the esteemed Citadel , and the Catholic Archbishops of Philadelphia and Kansas City , Missouri . Stories of businesses that stonewall are too numerous to count . The tobacco industry and its leaders have been pilloried for denying the harmful effects of cigarettes for decades . Chemical companies -- including W.R. Grace , which was portrayed in the book and movie "  A Civil Action " -- denied and covered up the health effects of chemical spills . Banks today , particularly Bank of America , are assailed for not admitting how badly they handled mortgage modifications . I wish we had more positive examples to cite , but even now we have to reach back 30 years for a role model : Johnson & Johnson 's decision in the 1980s to tell the public everything it knew about the poisonings of Tylenol capsules , a case study we still hail and teach today . There are legal and other mechanisms that try to force better reporting : states with "  mandated reporter " laws ; Sarbanes-Oxley and Dodd Frank laws for business gatekeepers ; even U.S. Sentencing Guidelines , where offending companies get credit for having strong reporting or investigative policies . And we hope that in a few cases at least , enlightened leadership will create a culture where incidents are openly investigated . None of this eliminates the need for individuals in organizations to exercise the basic moral obligation to report abusive behavior . Joe Paterno and Mike McQueary at Penn State have been accused of moral failure in the case of Jerry Sandusky because they allegedly failed to follow up sufficiently to prevent more children from being harmed . Although it may satisfy a legal obligation to report a suspicion to a supervisor , the more fundamental moral duty is to prevent harm to others , even if an institution decides to withhold information . This can take great moral courage and a healthy dose of independent perspective . But we all have a stake in the moral integrity of our organizations , and a sacred duty to protect the vulnerable . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Kirk Hanson .	Kirk Hanson : Institutions initially deny , hush up scandals to protect themselves Hanson : Denial , secrecy is an institutional and psychological defense that backfires Hiding makes it seem victims come last , he says : Think Catholic Church , The Citadel Reporting takes courage , he says , and enlightened leaders foster openness
BUCHENWALD , Germany  CNN  -- President Barack Obama made an emotional visit to the former Nazi concentration camp at Buchenwald , Germany , Friday , saying that the camp should serve as a reminder of humanity 's duty to fight the spread of evil . President Obama visits Buchenwald with Chancellor Angela Merkel , left , and survivor and activist Elie Wiesel . The visit had personal significance for the president , whose great-uncle helped liberate prisoners from the camp during World War II . "  I will not forget what I 've seen here today , " Obama said after touring the camp with German Chancellor Angela Merkel ; Holocaust survivor and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel , and survivor Bertrand Herz . "  These sites have not lose their horror with the passage of time , " Obama said . "  This place teaches us that we must be ever vigilant about the spread of evil in our times . ... We have to guard against cruelty in ourselves ... " Watch Obama honor Holocaust victims " Wiesel , whose father died at Buchenwald , was imprisoned at the camp during the final months of the war in 1945 . "  Every war is absurd and meaningless , " Wiesel said . "  The world has n't learned . ... Had the world learned , there would have been no Cambodia and no Rwanda and no Darfur and no Bosnia . " Like Obama , Wiesel stressed that the lessons of Buchenwald are that humanity must unite to keep such atrocities from happening again and work toward making the 21st century "  filled with promise and infinite hope . " "  Memory must bring people together , rather than set them apart . Memories here not to sow anger in our hearts , but on the contrary , a sense of solidarity with all those who need us , " Wiesel said . Obama told reporters earlier in the day that his great-uncle , Charles Payne , had a "  very difficult time re-adjusting to civilian life " after helping his Army division liberate the Ohrdruf forced labor camp , a subdivision of Buchenwald "  And it is now up to us , the living , in our work , wherever we are , to resist injustice and intolerance and indifference in whatever forms they may take and ensure that those who were lost here did not go in vain . " Later Friday , the president traveled in Germany to Ramstein Air Base and visited with wounded American troops at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center . He then moved on to Paris , France , ahead of D-Day commemoration services on Saturday . Obama began his tour of the Middle East and Europe in Saudi Arabia on Wednesday , before moving on to Egypt , where on Thursday he delivered a key speech on American and Muslim relations . In the 55-minute address -- billed as a fence-mending effort between the United States and Islam -- the president urged those in the Cairo audience and the people across the globe viewing the speech on television to enter a new , productive and peaceful chapter of relations . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report .	Obama recalls great-uncle 's role in liberation of Buchenwald as reason for tour Holocaust survivor , Nobel laureate Elie Wiesel speaks of father dying at Buchenwald Obama met Friday with German Chancellor Angela Merkel Germany visit comes day after key speech in Egypt on U.S. relations with Islam
CNN  -- When James Cameron 's box office smasher "  Avatar " first hit theaters in 2009 , fans could n't stop raving about the special effects used to bring Pandora , the beautiful home of the blue-skinned Na ` vi , to the big screen . Disney , which has stepped up to give visitors a real-life version of Pandora , just announced that Avatar land -- yet to receive an official name -- will open in 2017 at Walt Disney World Resort 's Animal Kingdom . Chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Tom Staggs unveiled the first images of the park during the D23 Expo at Tokyo Disney Resort over the weekend . "  As these concept renderings show in epic scale , in the world of Avatar guests will encounter awe-inspiring floating mountains and wander through a nighttime jungle of bioluminescent plants that are alive with light and sound , " said Staggs in a blog post . "  Guests will also discover what it feels like to soar into the sky riding a banshee . " The Avatar-themed land is being developed by Walt Disney Imagineering alongside filmmaker Cameron and Lightstorm Entertainment . Disney first announced plans for the attraction back in September 2011 . "  As I walked through the park , I kept imagining Pandora coming to life all around me and found my mind racing with all the possibilities of what we will be able to create in the years ahead , " said Cameron during his site visit in October that year . "  Disney 's Animal Kingdom is truly a remarkable place and I ca n't think of a better home for our first Avatar experience . " As part of the largest expansion in the history of the Animal Kingdom park , which opened at the Walt Disney World Resort in Florida in 1998 , Disney will also be adding new entertainment experiences including a night show with music , floating lanterns , water screens and swirling animal imagery , said Staggs . More Avatar movies to come "  Avatar " is the world 's highest grossing movie of all time , bringing in more than $ 2.7 billion worldwide . In July , Fox announced the studio will release three sequels . Production will begin in 2014 , with the movies due for release in 2016 , 2017 and 2018 . When the first "  Avatar " was released , many fans reportedly experienced depression because they longed to enjoy the beauty of Pandora themselves . Should a similar phenomenon occur following the next three releases , they 'll have a place to go to sate their cravings .	Avatar-themed attraction set to open at Walt Disney World 's Animal Kingdom in 2017 Design renderings depict guests experiencing Pandora 's floating mountains and bioluminescent plants Three sequels to the "  Avatar " movie are planned for release in 2016 , 2017 and 2018
CNN Student News  -- May 20 , 2014 Today 's show is highly scientific , with reports on computer hacking software , a paleontologist 's dream discovery , and a sort of drone that NASA hopes will explore other planets . We also cover a giant business deal in the telecommunications world , and we explain how zombies factor in to a military training plan . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What information would you need to gather to make a case for or against a proposed corporate merger ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . cybercrime 2 . paleontologist 3 . media consolidation Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is creepware ? According to the video , how many people may have been victims of this malware ? What crimes may have been committed using Blackshades creepware ? How have authorities around the world responded to these crimes ? 2 . According to the video , why has the U.S. military drawn up a document for dealing with a zombie apocalypse ? In what ways will this be a teaching tool ? 3 . What is the world 's largest land animal ? How does its size compare to that of a titanosaur ? In what country have scientists unearthed the fossilized bones of a newly-identified species of titanosaur ? What do they say about this dinosaur ? 4 . What government agency regulates communications in the U.S. , including cable , satellite , and TV ? According to the video : What pending media merger will this agency and the Department of Justice soon review ? What is the concern behind this latest merger for consumers ? What upside do AT&T and DirecTV say the merger will have for consumers ? What is the role of the Department of Justice and the FCC in reviewing this proposed deal ? 5 . How much has the U.S. spent on space exploration since 1959 ? How many astronauts have lost their lives on missions ? What is Morpheus ? What advantages does it offer to NASA 's space program ? What kind of fuel does it use ? Why is this significant ? What setbacks has Morpheus had ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What do you know about malware ? What advice might you give to friends or relatives to avoid becoming victims of different kinds of malware ? 2 . What factors might prompt a company to seek a merger with another ? In general , when might a merger be good for consumers ? When might a merger present problems for consumers ? 3 . Would you like to see federal regulators approve or reject the AT&T - DirecTV merger ? Why ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate and the House of Representatives passed a bipartisan deal Friday extending the payroll tax cut and unemployment benefits while also avoiding a Medicare fee cut for doctors for the rest of the year . The bill cleared the Senate in a 60-36 vote less than an hour after the House approved it by a 293-132 margin . A majority of House Republicans and Democrats voted in favor of the bill , though 91 Republicans and 41 Democrats in the chamber voted no . Senate Democrats voted overwhelmingly for the bill while Senate Republicans largely opposed it . President Barack Obama has promised to sign the legislation as soon as he ends his current trip to the West Coast , ending debate on the politically sensitive measures at least for the duration of the election . "  This is a big deal , " the president told an audience in Washington state . "  It is amazing what happens when Congress focuses on doing the right thing instead of just playing politics . " The roughly $ 100 billion payroll tax cut , a key part of Obama 's economic recovery plan , has reduced how much 160 million American workers pay into Social Security on their first $ 110,100 in wages . Instead of paying in 6.2 % , they 've been paying 4.2 % for the past year and two months -- a break worth about $ 83 a month for someone making $ 50,000 a year . Without congressional action , all three measures would expire at the end of February . Pay roll tax cuts -- what 's at stake "  Our founding fathers recognized that Washington would not always be united , " said Rep. Dave Camp of Michigan , a top Republican involved in crafting the deal . "  In their wisdom they knew that even divided government must still govern . And that is what we are doing here today -- governing and providing a solution to the very real problems Americans are facing in their daily lives . " "  Today is a good day , " declared House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . "  This represents a victory for the middle class in our country . " House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , on Thursday called the deal "  a fair agreement and one that I support . " The agreement came together this week after House Republicans dropped a key demand Monday , saying they would accept the extended payroll tax cut without spending cuts elsewhere in the budget to cover the measure 's roughly $ 100 billion cost . According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , the agreement would increase the federal deficit by $ 89 billion over 10 years , mostly through decreased tax revenue . Numerous Republicans on Capitol Hill are vehemently opposed to any measure that increases the deficit . They are also concerned about diverting more revenue away from Social Security , and believe the unemployment insurance extension will discourage people from seeking work . Boehner defended the decision to move forward with an unpaid extension , a move previously opposed by Republican leaders , by arguing it was the only way to prevent a tax hike demanded by Democrats to help pay the cost . "  We were not going to allow Democrats to continue to play games and cause a tax increase for hardworking Americans , " Boehner told reporters Wednesday . "  We made a decision to bring them to the table so that the games would stop and we would get this worked out . " "  It 's the art of a deal . I mean , it 's a compromise , " Rep. Steve Latourette , R-Ohio , said earlier in the week . "  You have people that did n't get ... 100 % of what they wanted . " The other two measures in the package -- the unemployment benefits extension and the so-called doc fix -- are estimated to cost a combined $ 50 billion . Unlike the tax cut , however , they will be paid for . Funding sources to pay for the benefits extension and the doc fix include savings from broadband spectrum sales , increased pension contributions by new federal employees , and cuts to Medicare hospital and specialist fees that will not affect patients , according to the House Ways and Means Committee . Several Democrats from Maryland and Virginia -- near Washington -- voted against the package because , they argued , it treats federal employees unfairly by requiring new government hires to contribute more to their pension . Under the terms of the deal , in states with unemployment rates higher than the national average of 8.3 % , the maximum time an unemployed person can receive benefits will drop from 99 to 73 weeks . The maximum length of benefits for people in states with an average unemployment rate or lower will drop to 63 weeks or as far down as 40 weeks . The jobless have been able to collect up to 99 weeks of benefits since November 2009 as part of the nation 's unprecedented response to the recession . In addition , states will be allowed to perform drug tests on individuals applying for unemployment benefits if those people lost their previous job because they either failed or refused an employer 's drug test . Individuals receiving unemployment assistance could also be tested if they are seeking a job that generally requires a drug test . Also , welfare beneficiaries will be banned from accessing public assistance funds at ATMs in strip clubs , liquor stores , and casinos . The current February expiration date for the payroll tax cut , the additional unemployment benefits and the doc fix were put in place by a short-term agreement reached by Congress in December . That agreement also set up the conference committee that resumed negotiations last month on a longer-term deal . The debate over whether and how to extend the tax cut has been a political loser so far for the Republicans . Democrats have gleefully highlighted the GOP 's reluctance to hold down the payroll tax rate , using the issue to portray Republicans as defenders of the rich who are indifferent to the plight of the middle class . A number of conservatives have questioned the economic value of the tax reduction . Political analysts believe the showdown over the payroll holiday has eroded GOP strength on the party 's core issue of lower taxes . Fearing negative repercussions , Republican leaders have now backtracked on the issue twice : dropping their opposition to the two-month extension last December and dropping their insistence on paying for a longer extension on Monday . CNN 's Kate Bolduan , Tom Cohen , and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report	NEW : Obama calls passage of the package "  a big deal " Senate and House pass payroll tax cut deal The compromise raises the deficit by $ 89 billion over 10 years , the CBO says The deal extends payroll tax cut , unemployment benefits , and "  doc fix "
EW.com  -- The title question posed by the fumbled romantic comedy "  How Do You Know " is open to more readings than writer-director James L. Brooks probably had in mind . The simplest interpretation is , how do you know when you 're really in love ? That 's the dilemma faced by Lisa  Reese Witherspoon  , a 31-year-old professional athlete at the end of her softball career , who bounces between two men . Should this compact , upbeat go-getter give her heart to Matty  Owen Wilson  , a rich and famous major league baseball player whose vanity is offset by his sunny guilelessness and who offers great sex and good times ? Or is she better off with George  Paul Rudd  , a sweet but anxious businessguy who , as the naïve target of a federal investigation into business shenanigans , is watching his life fall apart ? Consider the character types , consider the familiar personas of the actors who play them -- Wilson the loopy blond operator , Rudd the cute brunet everyshlub -- and you 've got your answer even before you buy a ticket . The deeper meaning of Brooks 's title , meanwhile , is this : How do you know what the right thing to do is , both in the big picture of life and in the moment ? Business ethics and family responsibilities challenge George and his father , Charles  Brooks regular Jack Nicholson , broadly over-spluttering  , a hard-charging financial tycoon who also happens to be George 's boss . Lisa needs to devise a new career plan now that her days at bat are over . Even George 's loyal , very pregnant office assistant  Kathryn Hahn  wrestles with the ethics of sharing confidential information -- as well as with the terrors of impending single motherhood . All this to-ing and fro-ing , this trying and failing on the way to  excuse the shrink talk  self-actualization is rich material for an expansive romantic comedy of psychological substance -- the kind , indeed , that Brooks has made his feature-film specialty , from "  Terms of Endearment " and the great "  Broadcast News to the sour Spanglish . " But something does n't connect here . Scenes go flat , punchlines foul out . And a sympathetic but frustrated fan of the filmmaker 's stories and characters is entitled to ask , why does n't "  How Do You Know " know what to do from scene to scene ? The answer , I think , is partly structural and script-driven : the " funny " moments are whiffed , the dialogue is " scene-y , " and each reaction shot is held a second or ten too long , leaving the actors hanging . EW.com : See all of this week 's reviews But the bigger reason may be because only one character really fascinates Brooks , and that 's Lisa the athlete . Her energy is palpable . Her suitors , in contrast -- especially Matty the player , who keeps a closet full of pink loungewear on his shelves for his many visiting ladies -- are more plot-functional than three-dimensional , even when Rudd gives adorable , well-meaning haplessness his best , Ruddiest shot . "  How Do You Know " asks really good questions but does n't so much answer them as toss the ball from player to player until the clock runs out . Release date : December 17 , 2010 Starring : Jack Nicholson , Paul Rudd , Owen Wilson and Reese Witherspoon EW.com rating : C + See the full article on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Reese Witherspoon plays a professional athlete at the end of her softball career "  Funny " moments are whiffed , the dialogue is "  scene-y , ' " reviewer says Two male lead characters are more plot-functional than three-dimensional
CNN  -- Five crew members and a fishing vessel are missing off the coast of Nova Scotia , a Canadian official said Monday . The Miss Ally sent out an emergency beacon about 76 miles  123 kilometers  southeast of Liverpool , Nova Scotia , Captain Doug Keirstead of Joint Task Force Atlantic said . Coast Guard units from Canada and the United States are searching for the missing boat , which disappeared late Sunday in an area hit by 30-foot seas and wind that exceeded 74 mph  119 kph  . An empty life raft was found Monday morning , Keirstead said . The Miss Ally was registered in Shelburne , Novia Scotia .	The Miss Ally disappeared on Sunday night , sending out a distress radio signal A crew of five fishermen was onboard , and only an empty life raft has been found so far
CNN  A substance described as "  white stuff " and "  milky rain " is covering parts of Washington and Oregon states , but its origin is a mystery . "  We have received reports of ` white stuff ' on vehicles . The ash is more than likely from the Volcano Shiveluch , " Washington state 's Walla Walla County Emergency officials said in statement . The volcano , located on the Kamchatka peninsula in extreme northeast Russia , "  spewed an ash plume to about the 20,000-foot level in late January , " the agency says . "  It has been deposited in a widespread area , including Washington and Oregon . " But in an updated post , emergency officials say it could be as a result of various reasons . "  While the substance is likely ash is from Volcano Shiveluch , they are a number of volcanoes that are currently active , " they say . "  The source of the material has not been scientifically confirmed . " And the ash may be from another part of the world . "  The strong southerly flow from the jet stream could have brought it from an active volcano in southwest Colima , Mexico . But if we go farther west towards eastern Russia , there 's another active volcano there , " says CNN Meteorologist Derek Van Dam . The Mexican volcano is near Guadalajara and erupted Wednesday . The distances between the volcanoes and the Washington/Oregon areas are staggering -- the Russian volcano is 4,000 miles away and the volcano in Mexico is more than 2,000 miles away . But there are some other theories floating around . "  We have heard a few theories thus far including ; volcanic ash from Mexico or Russia , dust picked up from last night 's strong winds , or perhaps ash from last year 's wildfires over SE Oregon/SW Idaho . We still do n't have a definitive answer , " the U.S. National Weather Service in Spokane posted on its Facebook page -- along with a picture of what it called "  milky rain " collected from its rain gauge . Van Dam says the only way to be sure is to conduct scientific testing on the substance . Its chemical makeup would be the best clue to solving the mystery .	Emergency officials say it could be coming from Russia or Mexico The only way to be sure is to conduct scientific testing on the substance
CNN  -- In a sudden turn of events , North Korea on Saturday postponed reunions that were to start next week for families separated during the Korean War . A statement in North Korea 's state news agency KCNA blamed South Korea and said the reunions could not be rescheduled until a "  normal atmosphere " was restored for dialogue and negotiations . North Korea claimed it had made sincere efforts to negotiate with its southern neighbor , but accused the South 's conservatives of "  reckless and vicious confrontations . " It also alluded to a recent South Korean scandal involving a leftist politician who is accused of plotting to overthrow the Seoul government in case of a war with the North , calling the recent case a "  witch-hunting campaign . " The North Korean statement also resumed referring to South Korea as a "  puppet regime . " The family reunions were to be held from Wednesday to September 30 in North Korea . The North also announced that it would postpone talks of re-opening tours at Mount Kumgang for South Koreans . This was the location where a South Korean tourist was shot by a North Korean soldier in 2008 for allegedly walking into an off-limits area . The cancellation of the family reunions comes less than a week after it appeared that tensions between the two Koreas were cooling . On Monday , the Kaesong Industrial Complex , which is a joint park and a key symbol of cooperation between the Koreas , re-opened after a five-month hiatus . This had re-ignited hopes of better relations between the two nations . The family reunions are highly anticipated events , as the last such reunion took place in 2010 . The emotionally-charged reunions bring together hundreds of families divided by the Korean War , which occurred between 1950-1953 . The first such family reunion took place following a landmark summit between the two Koreas in 2000 . The meetings are bittersweet , full of tears and hugs from those who have n't seen each other in more than half a century . The chances of any of the divided family members meeting again are slim . A report released this week in South Korea reported that nearly 44 % of the 129,000 people who registered in a database to meet their separated relatives have died .	North Korea postpones reunions of family members divided by war North Korea blasts South Korea and conservatives Family reunions were to be held between Wednesday and September 30
CNN  -- Recently , a federal judge blocked the enforcement and implementation of the indefinite military detention authority that Congress passed late last year as part of the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act . It 's a welcome sign from our courts that constitutional safeguards still exist . When this provision was debated last year , we argued that it was an unwise expansion of law that jeopardized the freedoms of all Americans . We were heartened that the court has wisely chosen to block this policy for much the same reason we opposed it . However , this federal court injunction is only temporary , and the debate over whether the military has the authority to indefinitely detain individuals captured on U.S. soil without trial is far from over . Earlier this year , we introduced legislation , recently co-sponsored by U.S. Rep. Justin Amash , R-Michigan , that would require that civilian law enforcement , including the FBI and civilian courts , take the lead with respect to those captured or detained in the United States . Some , however , have argued that this approach to national security -- one that involves law enforcement and not solely the military -- is tantamount to ceding ground to al Qaeda . This argument , designed to paint members of Congress as "  soft on terror , " is wrong on two fronts . First , enemies who want to attack us on our native soil -- particularly would-be suicide bombers -- do not intend to be captured and are not lured to America by the identity of their potential jailer or prosecutor . The strange assertion that our civilian courts and law enforcement system serves as an incentive for terrorists to come to America ignores the terrorists ' true motivations . The question of civilian versus military authority is irrelevant to our enemies . It is , however , incredibly important to protecting Americans ' constitutional rights and freedoms while still allowing us to effectively fight terrorism . Second , our civilian law enforcement and justice system have worked exceptionally well in prosecuting , convicting and jailing dangerous terrorists . To say that the military is the only institution up to the task is an unfair indictment of the valiant work done by the men and women who have kept us safe since 9/11 . We have convicted hundreds of terrorists in our federal civilian courts , with many of them incarcerated at the "  Supermax " prison in Florence , Colorado . Yet military commissions in Guantanamo Bay have only resulted in seven convictions , and two of those terrorists have already been released . As Congress works to update our national defense policy and the courts continue to weigh the implications of allowing indefinite military detention without trial , we remain committed to defending our country from those who seek to do us harm , both abroad and here at home . The debate over protecting constitutional liberties alongside our counterterrorism efforts is not now and has never been an issue of rewarding terrorists -- just ask any inmate at Supermax . Rather , as Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , FBI Director Robert Mueller and Director of National Intelligence James Clapper advocated during last year 's debate , it 's about giving our law enforcement community the maximum ability to protect us within our constitutional system . This is a system that guarantees freedom and liberty to the American people alongside their safety and security . Inviting our armed forces into our cities and towns with the power to indefinitely detain Americans without trial is a misguided attempt that erodes our rights to due process and limits the effectiveness of civilian law enforcement . This approach also would unnecessarily burden our military with a responsibility it does not want and , most importantly , does not make us safer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	A federal judge temporarily blocks law allowing indefinite detention of terrorism suspects Udall , Smith : Law should be changed so that the accused are tried in regular courts They say standard law enforcement system has handled terrorism cases very well Authors : U.S. Constitution affords liberties as well as safety and security
CNN  -- Thailand 's constitutional court has declared the country 's February 2 general election invalid as it breached a law requiring that the polling process be completed on the same day nationwide . The opposition 's boycott of the vote and widespread anti-government protests meant that candidates were not fielded in 28 constituencies . It had been expected that voting would take place in those areas at a later date . However , the court 's six to three majority verdict can not be appealed , meaning a new general election must be held across the South East Asian country . Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra called elections in December , in an attempt to end political unrest . Amnesty bill Yingluck is the brother of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and now lives in exile . Yingluck 's critics accuse her of being a proxy for her brother , who was convicted of corruption charges in 2008 and sentenced to prison in absentia . Yingluck 's government was largely stable until her party attempted to pass a controversial amnesty bill in November , sparking a wave of protests . The bill would have nullified Thaksin 's corruption conviction and allowed him to return to the country . Anti-government protesters have been demanding that an unelected "  people 's council " be given the power to carry out political and electoral changes in a country where parties affiliated with Thaksin have dominated elections since 2001 . The main opposition Democrat Party boycotted the February 2 polls and protesters blocked officials from gathering ballots and obstructed voter registration in many constituencies . That left the outcome of the election inconclusive , without enough results to reopen parliament , and with Yingluck in charge of a caretaker government . Red shirt protest More than 20 people have been killed and hundreds wounded since the protests erupted , with Yingluck 's supporters -- the "  red shirts " clashing with anti-government protesters . The red shirts have announced they will hold a rally this weekend in Pattaya city , about 90 minutes from Bangkok . CNN 's Kocha Olarn says the constitutional court 's ruling will likely result in a huge turnout . The conflict has deepened the country 's political divide . The anti-government movement draws its support from southern Thailand , Bangkok 's middle class and the established elites . Yingluck 's base is in the less affluent but more populous regions north and east of the capital . The Bangkok Post reported that the court hearing was held at the request of Thailand 's Office of the Ombudsman . It followed the lodging of a complaint by a law lecturer who argued the February vote was unlawful , the paper said . State of emergency Earlier this week , the Thai government ended a 60-day state of emergency imposed on Bangkok and several surrounding areas in the run-up to the election . The state of emergency had given authorities the power to impose curfews , detain suspects without court permission , censor media and declare parts of the capital off limits . It has been replaced with the Internal Security Act  ISA  , which will be in effect until April 30 . Read more : Thailand ends state of emergency	Thailand 's constitutional court has declared the country 's February 2 election invalid An opposition boycott and protests meant candidates were not fielded in all constituencies The court said voting must take place across the country on the same day to be lawful Its decision is final and no appeal can be filed , meaning new elections must be held
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- China 's Xi Jinping , who is expected to be named president in March and likely next premier Li Keqiang will inherit a foreign policy that puts a premium on partnerships that can help China fuel its resource-hungry economy . In the world of geo-politics , symbolism goes a long way in forging lasting , strategic relations . This is certainly the case when it comes to China 's role within the Middle East , specifically with Saudi Arabia , the country with the world 's largest proven oil reserves . When King Abdullah took over the throne in Saudi Arabia , his first foreign visit in January 2006 was to Beijing after an invitation of President Hu Jintao . Six years later , the countries ' two state-run energy giants , China 's Sinopec and Saudi Aramco , inked a huge oil agreement guaranteeing the Asian nation an additional 400,000 barrels a day from a Red Sea refinery in the Saudi city of Yanbu . This is on top of the estimated one million barrels of oil a day it now orders from the Kingdom . "  We need China as much as China needs us , " said Khalid Al-Falih in a CNN interview right after he signed the agreement , "  But the energy corridor is only part of it . We envisage an exchange of goods and services and trade in other areas that add value to the Chinese economy and to the Saudi economy as well . " That deal follows a major equity investment in the Fujian province where Saudi Aramco invested in petrochemical manufacturing facilities along with U.S. energy giant ExxonMobil . In the 19th century the battle over influence of Central Asia was described as the "  Great Game " as the British and Russian empires vied for control and influence in the region . In the 21st century , one may view China 's influence in the Middle East in a similar vein . "  Clearly there are mutual interests in terms of large energy suppliers and consumers , but there will be stress points , of course , " said Ben Simpfendorfer , co-founder of Silk Road Associates , an investment advisory firm specializing on trade between the Middle East and Far East Asia . China , experts say , is keen to lock in strategic commodity supplies rather than exercise political influence at this juncture . This is reflected in its vetoes -- together with Russia -- striking down resolutions against Syria on the United Nations Security Council . This strategy of non-intervention may not be sustainable , says Simpfendorfer , "  I think China 's position will be challenged by the Gulf countries and that is certainly a risk the new leadership has to look out for " especially since Beijing is so dependent on the region to fuel its economic expansion . But one can not doubt whether the world 's second largest economy is instrumental in rebuilding the ancient Silk Road . China continues to go to great lengths to foster developing market trade partners -- some argue to exploit their natural resources in the case of Africa -- as part of its "  Great Game " strategy . China rolls out the welcome mat on its soil , for example recently inviting Arab leaders to Yinchuan , in northern-central part of the country , for the 3rd China-Arab States Economic and Trade Forum . There are some lofty expectations for trade between China and the Arab states . The United Arab Emirates ' foreign trade minister , Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi , said bilateral trade between the Gulf and China could hit $ 300 billion by 2014 . Trade between China and the UAE grew 10 % last year alone , witnessing a fivefold increase in less than a decade . Some see Dubai 's Jebel Ali port as an excellent gateway for China into the African continent . This keen business interest in the Middle East is not likely to change with Xi Jinping taking over the helm in 2013 , but is China ready for a G-2 world dominated by Washington and Beijing ? Not yet , strategists suggest . Beijing prefers the relative comfort of the broader G-20 world that brings the developed and developing world under one umbrella , with the ability for the new leaders of China to seek political alignment from BRICS partners Brazil , Russia , India and South Africa . All the while , China continues to blaze new trails beyond the Middle East in search of strategic supplies . This autumn , the country made inroads into Afghanistan with the first high level visit in more than a half century . The bounty is a promising one with more than a trillion dollars of mineral deposits estimated in the country . China 's "  Great Game " continues with an ever expanding footprint from the Middle East well into South Asia .	China 's foreign policy values relationships to fuel its resource-hungry economy Oil drives strategic relationship between Middle East and China China 's "  Great Game " seeks supplies rather than political influence
CNN  -- In August 2008 , Najibullah Zazi , an Afghan-American , and two friends from his high school in Queens flew from Newark , New Jersey , to Peshawar , Pakistan , where they hoped to join the Taliban . In Peshawar , the trio met with "  Ahmad , " an al Qaeda operative who put them in touch with two al Qaeda leaders . Those leaders asked the three from Queens to participate in attacks against the United States . Zazi refused . He wanted to fight the U.S. military in the fields and mountains of his homeland , not to kill American civilians in the streets of his adopted country . So , according to American prosecutors , al Qaeda 's leaders brought in someone more persuasive -- someone who could speak to Zazi in his own language , someone who had also grown up on the streets of New York City in the 1990s , a man who had had a meteoric rise in the ranks of al Qaeda over the past decade from camp dishwasher to the leader of the group 's operations in the West . His name was Adnan Shukrijumah . Eventually Shukrijumah would be added to the FBI 's "  Most Wanted Terrorists " list and a $ 5 million reward would be put on his head . And on Saturday , Shukrijumah was killed in Pakistan by the Pakistani military . Shukrijumah was born in Saudi Arabia in 1975 , but his family moved to Trinidad in the '80s and then to Brooklyn in the early '90s . In 1995 , Shukrijumah 's family left New York for the Fort Lauderdale area in Florida , where he did odd jobs like selling used cars , earning money that he used to pay for his studies in chemistry and computer science at Broward Community College . Some Muslim men in Florida gave Shukrijumah books and videos about the holy wars in Kashmir and Afghanistan , and he was so moved by these stories of holy war that in late 1999 he traveled to Afghanistan to attend an al Qaeda training camp . Around this time , Shukrijumah told his mother that he was opposed to what he considered the excesses of the West , such as alcohol and drug abuse as well as the skimpy clothes that women wore in Florida . In May 2001 , he left Florida again , and by June he was back in Afghanistan . Shortly after the 9/11 attacks , Shukrijumah called his mother in Florida , saying , "  Did you hear what happened ? They are putting it on the Muslims . " His mother advised him not to come back to the States , and she said in 2010 he did not contact her again . It was Shukrijumah who , in late 2008 , made the pitch to Zazi and his buddies from Queens -- Zarein Ahmedzay , another Afghan-American , and Adis Medujanin , a cab driver of Bosnian descent -- that they could help the cause of holy war best if , instead of fighting alongside the Taliban 's tens of thousands of fighters , they went back to the States after their training by al Qaeda 's bomb-makers and launched attacks there . At the time that Shukrijumah was making his pitch to the trio from Queens , the CIA drone war in the tribal regions of Pakistan was heating up . It was the last six months of President George W. Bush 's second term , and the Bush administration had significantly amped up the drone program . Angered by the CIA drone program , Zazi agreed to return to the States to launch an attack . He also volunteered to be a suicide bomber , as did his two friends . They discussed with Shukrijumah potential targets such as the New York Stock Exchange and Times Square , as well as a Walmart store . Zazi returned to New York in mid-January 2009 . He had been living on the Afghan-Pakistan border for five months , during which time he had been in almost continuous contact with members of al Qaeda . He was now ready to launch what al Qaeda 's leadership hoped would be the most lethal terrorist attack in the States since 9/11 . Luckily , Zazi 's plan to blow up bombs in the Manhattan subway around the time of the eighth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks was detected by U.S. intelligence agencies that were monitoring the email account of a known al Qaeda operative in Pakistan who was in touch with Zazi . Zazi and his two friends were arrested before they could carry out the plot . It was Shukrijumah who oversaw this plot . After all , who better to oversee al Qaeda plots to attack the States than someone who had grown up in Brooklyn and Florida ? A Pakistani army spokesman said on Twitter on Saturday that Shukrijumah was killed in South Waziristan along Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan . The fact that Shukrijumah is now dead makes the United States a little bit safer from al Qaeda 's plotting . And the fact that Shukrijumah was killed in a Pakistani military operation is a sign that Pakistan continues to expand its operations against militants based on its border with Afghanistan in a meaningful way , which has long been a demand of the United States . Finally , Shukrijumah 's death is indicative of how al Qaeda 's core organization that launched the 9/11 attacks continues to dwindle in size and capacity , because almost all of its leaders are now dead or captured . The elimination of almost all of al Qaeda 's leaders in Pakistan suggests that the once-global organization may become just another Pakistani-based jihadi group with limited or no ability to operate outside of South Asia .	Pakistan kills an American al Qaeda commander who was on FBI "  Most Wanted " list Peter Bergen says the death of Adnan G. El Shukrijumah makes U.S. safer Bergen says he was key in plan to bomb NY subway around 8th anniversary of 9/11 attacks He says al Qaeda continues to dwindle as a threat due to elimination of most of its leaders
CNN  -- Texas authorities released court documents Thursday detailing the items seized from the medical office and storage unit of Dr. Conrad Murray , the cardiologist who was with Michael Jackson when he fell ill and died on June 25 . Dr. Conrad Murray 's office was searched Wednesday for "  evidence of the offense of manslaughter . " Detectives searched both sites in Houston on Wednesday for "  evidence of the offense of manslaughter , " according to court documents . Murray 's attorney confirmed the search Wednesday . Among the items removed from Murray 's office were a computer ; 27 tablets of Phentermine , a prescription-strength appetite suppressant ; 1 tablet of clonazepam , an anti-anxiety medication ; and some Rolodex cards . From Murray 's storage unit , authorities removed two computer hard drives ; an "  important contact list " ; a suspension notice from Houston 's Doctors Hospital ; notices from the Internal Revenue Service ; and a list of medical and hospital documents . Jackson 's former nurse , Cherilyn Lee , was also approached on Wednesday by investigators who wanted copies of medical files she had on the singer , Lee told CNN 's Nancy Grace . Lee said she handed over the files to officials with the coroner 's office . Ed Chernoff , a Houston lawyer hired by Murray soon after Jackson 's death , confirmed that Los Angeles Police detectives and federal Drug Enforcement Administration agents used a search warrant to enter Murray 's office in northeast Houston on Wednesday morning . "  The search warrant authorized law enforcement to search for and seize items , including documents , they believed constituted evidence of the offense of manslaughter , " Chernoff said in a written statement Wednesday . Chernoff said members of Murray 's legal team were at the medical office during the search , which he said "  was conducted by members of the DEA , two robbery-homicide detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department and Houston Police officers . " "  Law enforcement concluded their search around 12:30 p.m. and left with a forensic image of a business computer hard drive and 21 documents . None of the documents taken had previously been requested by law enforcement or the L.A. coroner 's office , " Chernoff said . Tammy Kidd , a spokeswoman at Chernoff 's office , said the search "  was absolutely a surprise to us , because we 've had open lines of communication this whole time . " "  Based on Dr. Murray 's minute-by-minute and item-by-item description of Michael Jackson 's last days , he should not be a target of criminal charges , " Chernoff said Tuesday . "  Dr. Murray was the last doctor standing when Michael Jackson died and it seems all the fury is directed toward him . " Los Angeles investigators have interviewed Murray twice , Chernoff said . A third interview has not been scheduled , he said . Police impounded his car , which had been parked at Jackson 's Holmby Hills home , the night after Jackson 's death . It was released to Murray several days later . "  Dr. Murray is frustrated by negative and often erroneous media reports . He has to walk around 24-7 with a bodyguard , " Chernoff said . "  He ca n't operate his practice . He ca n't go to work because he is harassed no matter where he goes . " At least two investigations are under way into Jackson 's death . The Los Angeles County coroner is waiting for toxicology results to determine a cause of death , while the city Police Department , with assistance from the Drug Enforcement Administration , is looking at the possibility of criminal charges . A coroner 's office spokesman said the autopsy findings could be released in the next week or more . Los Angeles Police Chief William Bratton told CNN he would wait for the coroner to determine the exact cause of Jackson 's death . "  And based on those , we will have an idea of what it is we are dealing  with  : Are we dealing with a homicide , or are we dealing with an accidental overdose ? " he said . CNN 's Alan Duke , Ted Rowlands and Randi Kaye contributed to this report .	Texas office and storage unit of Dr. Conrad Murray searched Among items seized are pills , computer hard drives , contact lists , officials say Jackson 's former nurse says she has been asked for copies of records Murray 's lawyer says his client "  should not be a target of criminal charges "
CNN  -- A French boat trying to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza is "  stuck " in Greece , detained along with its crew by Greek authorities , a spokesman for the French crew said Thursday . The ship and crew were stopped when they arrived in Crete to refuel , said Maxime Gimberteau of "  A Boat for Gaza . " Greek authorities confirmed that the boat , Dignite Al Karama , had been docked at the port of Sitia in Crete since early Thursday . They said it would not be given permission to depart for Gaza , and that it was not clear what would happen next . "  Authorities are following the necessary legal procedures , " including "  checking the identities of the passengers " and "  the ship 's documents , " said Greek coast guard head of press Elias Sambatakakis . Sambatakakis said there had been "  full co-operation between the authorities and those on board . " "  It is not yet clear what will happen once procedures are completed , " he said . "  Obviously if the ship asks for permission to go to Gaza , this will be declined . " The French yacht had been the last boat in international waters of a flotilla of 10 ships trying to get to Gaza . Greek authorities have been stopping ships , including the American boat The Audacity of Hope , from leaving Greek waters for Gaza . Israel insists on controlling access to Gaza because it says it has to keep weapons out of the hands of Palestinian militants who would use them to attack Israelis . Gaza is run by Hamas , which has carried out dozens of terrorist attacks and is listed by the United States as a terrorist organization . Israel emphasizes that it delivers large amounts of aid to Gaza . The country mounted a diplomatic offensive to try to stop the flotilla from setting sail . CNN 's Elinda Labropoulou and France Costrel contributed to this report .	The Dignite Al Karama is trying to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza The Greeks say it will not be given permission to go to Gaza Israel says its control of Gaza 's borders is to keep weapons out of the hands of Palestinian militants
CNN  -- Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy is $ 2 million richer on Sunday after holding his nerve to beat American Anthony Kim in a play-off at the Shanghai Masters at Lake Malaren . With both players sending their approach shots into the same greenside bunker , Kim missed his resulting three-foot putt , allowing world number three McIlroy to tap home from two feet to collect the richest current first prize in golf . "  It was a very important win . I 'll be the first to say I have not won enough in the last four years as professional and could have done a lot more , " McIlroy told reporters . "  I was under pressure on the back nine and was one shot behind , so to be able to come back and win gives me a lot of satisfaction , " added the 22-year-old . U.S. Open champion McIlroy had led the 30-strong field from the opening day , but a wayward final round saw him having to dig deep to card a level par 72 to finish on a 72-hole total of 288  -18  . That score tied with Kim 's four-round effort , although a final round three-under par 69 ensured he was the only player to card four sub 70 rounds . Kim collected $ 750,00 for second place , with American Hunter Mahan and Korean youngster Noh Seung-Yul tied for third place five strokes behind the leading two . The tournament was unsanctioned by any major tour and was bankrolled by billionaire property tycoon Shi Jian . It is the joint largest single first prize ever awarded in golf , equaling the fund offered in the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa . That tournament is also unsanctioned , although since that event first offered $ 2m to the winner in 2000 , the $ 4.8 m prize fund is now spread more evenly among the 12 players competing .	Rory McIlroy holds his nerve to win the Shanghai Masters in a play-off The world number three defeats American Anthony Kim on first extra hole McIlroy collects $ 2 million for his victory , the joint richest first prize in golf
CNN  -- They came up just short in their knockout-round match with Belgium on Tuesday . But online , Team USA is already a World Cup winner . FIFA , international soccer 's ruling body , says fans in the United States have been more active on its websites and mobile apps than any other country . During the past 28 days , 36.7 million U.S. fans have engaged with the World Cup 's online properties , a spokesman for the organization said . That 's 11.2 % of the country 's population and has accounted for 23 % of the total activity . FIFA measured actions on its website and Facebook page as well as downloads of its mobile app . The news was a surprise to folks at the Zurich , Switzerland-based FIFA . Unlike most nations in the world , soccer has been slow to capture the imagination of sports fans in the States , where "  football " is played mainly on Saturdays and Sundays and you can use your hands a lot more . But as the U.S. men 's team played its way out of a tough opening-round group that included Germany , Portugal and Ghana , U.S. Web users spent a total of 847 years and 143 days engaged with FIFA content . That 's more than soccer-crazy rivals Brazil , Germany , England and France combined . Part of all that may be American fans working hard to catch up . In four years , U.S. visitors to FIFA properties have grown 207 % , according to the organization . A look at the 10 most active states reveals some no-brainers and some surprises . California and New York rank No. 1 and 2 , respectively , in terms of visits to the World Cup website and time spent there . But Texas , where American football , from "  Friday Night Lights " to the Dallas Cowboys , borders on a religious sacrament , has been No. 3 . It 's worth noting that U.S. team captain Clint Dempsey hails from Nacogdoches , Texas . Florida , Illinois , New Jersey , Washington , Georgia , Massachusetts and Virginia round out the Top 10 . This year 's World Cup is already poised to shatter records as the biggest social-media and Internet event ever . In its first week alone , the tournament spurred 459 million posts , likes and comments on Facebook , according to the company . That 's more than the Super Bowl , Sochi Winter Olympics and Academy Awards combined . Glossary for the budding American World Cup fan	FIFA says U.S. World Cup fans have been more active than those in any other country It says 36.7 million U.S. fans have accessed World Cup sites , apps within past 28 days California , New York and Texas are busiest states in visits to World Cup website U.S. team plays Belgium in World Cup 's second round Tuesday
Sulaiman Abu Ghaith , Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , was sentenced to life in prison Tuesday , said Jerika Richardson , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Manhattan . In March , he was found guilty of helping al Qaeda terrorists conspire to kill Americans and providing material support to terrorists . "  Justice has been served , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement . "  This outcome ensures that Sulaiman Abu  Ghaith  , a senior member of al Qaeda and an associate of Usama bin Laden , will never again set foot outside a prison cell . " The life term was imposed by U.S. District Judge Lewis A. Kaplan . Authorities described Abu Ghaith as bin Laden 's "  propaganda minister " and the "  face and voice of al Qaeda in the days and weeks after the 9/11 attacks . " At his trial , federal prosecutors said Abu Ghaith , a Kuwaiti cleric , played a crucial role as the organization 's principal mouthpiece and recruiter , helping "  restore al Qaeda 's trove of new terrorists " as deadly missions turned its members into martyrs . "  He was more than just Usama bin Laden 's propaganda minister . Within hours after the devastating 9/11 attacks , Abu Ghayth was using his position in al Qaeda 's homicidal hierarchy to persuade others to pledge themselves to al Qaeda in the cause of murdering more Americans , " Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a prepared statement after the guilty verdict was announced . Abu Ghaith , 48 , was flown to the United States a year ago from Jordan and charged with conspiring to kill Americans . The government did not allege that he served an operational function or had a direct hand in carrying out the attacks . Bharara said at the time of Abu Ghaith 's conviction : "  Like the others who have faced terrorism charges in Manhattan 's federal courthouse before him , Abu Ghayth received a fair trial , after which a unanimous jury rendered its verdict , justly holding him accountable for his crimes . We hope this verdict brings some small measure of comfort to the families of the victims of al Qaeda 's murderous designs . " In a statement , George Venizelos , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's New York field office , likened Abu Ghaith to "  a consigliere for the mob or the chief of staff to a corrupt foreign leader " and said he was a "  spokesman , confidant and senior adviser " to bin Laden 's organization . Abu Ghaith "  looked to better al Qaeda 's reputation at every turn , offering advice and counsel to the organization 's senior leadership . He encouraged others to abandon the true tenets of their faith , swearing bayat to the twisted ideology of al Qaeda , " Venizelos said , using the Islamic word for allegiance . The trial was held blocks from the site of Manhattan 's World Trade Center , and several survivors of the attacks and family members of victims attended . Bin Laden spiritual adviser Abu Ghaith testified that he never joined the ranks of al Qaeda and assisted bin Laden only as a speaker on spiritual topics . Known in the Persian Gulf region as a religious scholar and fiery orator , Abu Ghaith met the al Qaeda leader in Afghanistan in June 2001 , according to testimony . He denied advance knowledge of the 9/11 attacks but said he 'd heard talk that "  something big " was about to happen . He moved his family from Afghanistan to Kuwait days before the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York 's World Trade Center and the Pentagon . Just after the attacks , the al Qaeda leader summoned Abu Ghaith to his remote mountain hiding place and asked him to help "  deliver a message to the world " on the organization 's behalf , the religious scholar testified . After his arrest last year in Jordan , activists and legislators sparred over where to try Abu Ghaith , with some calling for the case to be heard in a military courtroom at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Instead , the trial took place amid extra security measures at the U.S. District Court in Manhattan . The jury watched videos produced after the meeting with the al Qaeda leader , of Abu Ghaith making passionate calls for further attacks on Americans , flanked by bin Laden on one side and an AK-47 rifle on the other . He called for fellow Muslims to "  terrorize the infidels " and vowed the "  storm of airplanes will not abate , " a phrase he said on the stand was given to him in "  bullet points " provided by bin Laden for the speeches . Abu Ghaith 's attorney , Stan Cohen , accused prosecutors of using 9/11 imagery in lieu of evidence of his client 's guilt and told the jurors that he counted 172 references to bin Laden and 9/11 in the first half of the prosecution 's closing argument . "  It was intended to sweep you away in anguish and pain and to ask for retaliation . It was intended to make you look away from the evidence , " Cohen told the panel . He said none of the government 's witnesses conclusively tied his client to terrorism-related activities , including a terrorism specialist with the FBI and two cooperating former al Qaeda members .	Sulaiman Abu Ghaith gets a life sentence for conspiring to kill Americans , supporting terrorists Prosecutors say he aided al Qaeda as spokesman He also was a recruiter , helping "  restore al Qaeda 's trove of new terrorists , " prosecutors say
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A police officer in Zimbabwe who has languished at a police detention barracks for a month for using a toilet reserved for President Robert Mugabe will learn his fate at end of this week following an appeal to his boss . Alois Mabhunu , a homicide detective was sentenced last week to 10 days after he was convicted by an internal police court for responding to a call of nature in a toilet which had been reserved for Mugabe at a trade fair in Zimbabwes second biggest city . On Monday , a relative of Mabhunu said the officer was not represented by a lawyer at the hearing , but is hoping the police commissioner-general , Augustine Chihuri , will overturn the guilty verdict this week . He said he had heard that Chihuri will look at the appeal on Thursday or Friday.Besides serving the 10-day sentence , Mabhunu , a homicide detective , has been demoted and will no longer be allowed to wear plain clothes . Contacted for comment , Wayne Bvudzijena police spokesperson on Monday said the issue of Mabhunu was an internal , purely disciplinary matter on which he could n't comment . Bvudzijen said Mabhunu failed to obey instructions and the law had to take its course . Mabhunu was part of the security team when Mugabe attended the Zimbabwe International Trade Fair last month . He is alleged to have rushed to the VIP toilets reserved for Mugabe and Jean Louis Ekra , head of the African Export Import Bank , who was participating in the opening ceremonies . When he was stopped by other officers guarding the toilets , he obliged , but he later forced his way in . The following day he was arrested , he has been in custody since then .	Police officer on security team at Zimbabwe trade fair had to go , and used VIP toilet It was reserved for President Robert Mugabe and African Export Import Bank chief Relative of officer says he hopes the guilty verdict will be overturned this week
CNN  -- Not long ago , it was virtually guaranteed that the "  Big Four " of men 's tennis would grace the semifinals of every major tournament . But times are changing -- while fans had hoped Roger Federer might make it as far as the last eight in China this week for a tantalizing clash with Novak Djokovic , it was not to be . The former world No. 1 said he had been energized by the response to his first appearance since September 's U.S. Open after Wednesday 's win over Andreas Seppi , but he was stopped in his tracks 24 hours later . Federer , now ranked seventh and battling for a place in the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals for the 12th successive year , was beaten 6-4 6-7  5-7  6-3 by former world No. 7 Gael Monfils at the Shanghai Masters . Blog : When should Federer retire ? As a semifinalist last year , the 32-year-old will lose points in the race for the eight places in London . The 17-time grand slam champion went straight back out on court to play alongside China 's Zhang Ze in the doubles -- a rare foray in the format for the Swiss -- and suffered another defeat as they went down 6-1 1-6 10-8 against Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo . Defending champion Djokovic , meanwhile , booked his place in the quarterfinals with a 6-3 6-3 win over Italy 's Fabio Fognini . He will face a Frenchman who beat Federer for just the second time in eight career meetings , but has a 0-8 record against Djokovic . Monfils , now ranked 42nd after resuming his career this year following an injury-plagued 2012 season , had led 5-3 in the second set and also 5-3 in the tie-break but admitted nerves got to him . "  I knew that I choked on this forehand at 5-4 , " the 27-year-old said . "  Then I changed my ideas because I was maybe nervous , too . Even though I was tired , I tried to play more aggressively sometimes , going more for my shots and it worked . "  It 's a good win for me . I feel a bit sorry for him because I know he 's running for London . But it 's tennis . He 's going to have more opportunity those weeks coming up . " World No. 1 Rafael Nadal , who is assured a place at the London finals , moved into the Shanghai quarterfinals with a 6-1 7-6  7-5  victory over Carlos Berlocq on Thursday . The Spaniard will next face Federer 's eighth-ranked compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka , who won 7-6  7-2  6-4 against another finals hopeful , Canada 's No. 11 Milos Raonic . With the other member of the game 's leading quartet , Wimbledon champion Andy Murray , already ruled out of his home showpiece event next month due to injury , it would be a massive blow for organizers if Federer is also absent . Federer has two tournaments left in which to qualify -- his home Swiss Indoors and the Paris Masters . He was the losing finalist in Basel last year , but skipped the French event so can potentially gain points there . "  He 's still strong , " Monfils said . "  It 's just a matter of confidence , I think . I have no doubt that he will get back to the way people expect him to be . " Spanish third seed David Ferrer also crashed out in Shanghai , losing 6-4 6-3 to Florian Mayer -- becoming the German 's first top-10 scalp this year . Fourth-ranked Ferrer , who has already qualified for next month 's season finale , dropped to a 50-18 record this year . Mayer , meanwhile , will next face French seventh seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , who kept alive his hopes of qualifying for London by beating Japan 's Kei Nishikori 7-6  7-5  6-0 . Sixth seed Juan Martin del Potro walked into the quarterfinals when German veteran Tommy Haas pulled out of their clash with a back problem . The Argentine , fifth in the points standings , will next face Spain 's Nicolas Almagro -- who dented Tomas Berdych 's hopes of clinching a London berth by beating the sixth-ranked Czech 6-7  6-8  6-3 7-6  7-4  in two hours and 37 minutes .	Roger Federer loses to Gael Monfils in third round of the Shanghai Masters Former world No. 1 also beaten in the doubles later Thursday The 17-time grand slam winner battling to qualify for ATP World Tour Finals He missed out on a Shanghai quarterfinal against world No. 2 Novak Djokovic
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- The edges of the massive Gulf Coast oil slick grazed the barrier islands off Louisiana 's Chandeleur and Breton sounds Tuesday as the company responsible for cleaning up the spill faced tough questions from members of Congress . With a damaged undersea well still spewing crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico , Louisiana 's coastal parishes made new plans to keep the oil from moving into Lake Borgne and Lake Pontchartrain , which flank New Orleans . Winds that complicated efforts to fight the spill died down Tuesday , making cleanup work easier , Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry said . "  It 's a gift of a little bit of time , " she told reporters . "  But I 'm not resting . " The spill threatens wildlife , beaches and livelihoods along the Gulf Coast . Already federal officials have banned fishing in the affected area until at least May 12 , curtailing a commercial seafood industry that brings in about $ 2.4 billion to the region every year . The leading edge of the slick was reported to be lapping at the edge of Louisiana 's Chandeleur Islands early Tuesday , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said . "  Let 's make no mistake about what 's at stake here . This is our very way of life , " Jindal told reporters . "  This is our fishing communities , these are some of our coastal communities . We 're talking about keeping this oil out of our fragile wetlands . " But as of mid-afternoon , no oil had been found washed up on the islands , said Doug Suttles , chief operating officer for BP , which owns the damaged well . "  To give you a sense of our ability to respond , we launched 22 vessels , " Suttles told reporters at a news conference in Mobile , Alabama . Twelve of those vessels were shrimp boats whose skippers have volunteered to assist in the cleanup , he said . "  They 've been in the area ever since trying to locate that oil and make sure it actually does n't reach shore , " Suttles said . The edge of the slick was reported to be about 20 miles off the Mississippi Coast , and Landry said it was about 30 miles off the shores of Alabama . Suttles said BP workers expected to close off one of the three leaking points Tuesday , but added , "  I do n't believe that will change the total amount of oil that will be leaked . " Stephen Herbert , chef and owner of Abita Springs Cafe on the north shore of Lake Pontchartrain , said the potential impact was "  tremendous . " But Herbert , who holds a degree in fish biology and lived in the marshes for 10 years before entering the restaurant business , expressed surprise that the story has become a national one . "  I 'm really astounded that the rest of the people in the United States really give a flip about this , " he said . Louisiana 's coastal marshlands have been shrinking at the rate of two football fields a day for a quarter-century , he said , "  and nobody gave a flip about that . " Herbert 's 16-table restaurant , located 25 miles from New Orleans , specializes in Cajun food , and at least half of his orders are for meals that contain fish . In anticipation of rising prices , he ordered an extra gallon of shucked oysters and another case of shrimp , but that was all his refrigerators could store , the 56-year-old restaurateur said . The estimated 210,000-gallon-per-day flow of oil from the damaged well continued unabated Tuesday , 12 days after the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon sank off Louisiana . The break in the winds kept the slick from advancing much toward the coast , but Jindal said the weather is expected to turn unfavorably Thursday . The first oil was not expected to reach the shores of the U.S. mainland for another three days , Suttles said . As owner of the well , BP is responsible for the cleanup and its costs . It blames Transocean , which it hired to drill the well , for the failure of a critical piece of equipment that was designed to shut off the well in case of emergency . Across the Gulf Coast , emergency workers and volunteers helped string floating booms across inlets and beaches in an attempt to fend off any advancing oil . Chocolate-colored streaks of oily water could be seen off Dauphin Island , on the Alabama coast . And crew boats that normally supply oil wells were laying booms around Ship Island , off the shores of Mississippi and about 10 miles north of the spill 's leading edge . But Capt. Louis Skrmetta , who runs excursions out to the Mississippi Sound barrier islands , said efforts to protect the islands and waterways were inadequate . He said Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour -- who called the spill "  a manageable problem " Monday -- was doing less to combat the oncoming slick than his counterparts in Alabama and Louisiana . KNOE : Community rallies around rig families "  The governor 's leaving it up to BP . They 're just not doing enough , " Skrmetta said . BP hopes to place a four-story-high metal container over part of the leaking drill pipe , a step it says could corral about 80 percent of the leaking oil . The oil would then be pumped to a drill ship on the surface . Suttles said the 70-ton box could be ferried out to the site of the leak by midnight Wednesday , but it will take another two days to place the device on the seabed . Then it must be connected to the drill ship . "  Hopefully , we 'll be operational within about about six days , " he said . Hundreds of thousands of feet of booms have been strung around the estuaries of southeastern Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama and far western Florida in recent days . But an aerial tour conducted by the Coast Guard on Tuesday showed some have already given way , and high winds in recent days have driven oil past others . The Deepwater Horizon caught fire April 20 and burned for two days before sinking , with 11 workers presumed dead . Executives from BP and Transocean Ltd. , looked "  like deer in the headlights " when they briefed members of the House Energy and Environment committee about the accident and response on Tuesday , said Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas . KATC : Gulf shrimp season to temporarily close Barton is a strong supporter of offshore drilling , and told reporters he did n't want the accident to reverse support for more exploration off the U.S. coasts . But he said he had hoped for "  more concrete " answers from the oilmen . "  I have concerns in this particular case about the attention to safety , the attention to maintenance , the attention to using best available control technology and best monitoring practices , " Barton said . Rep. Edward Markey , D-Massachusetts , said the situation could get dramatically worse . "  One of the questions which I asked was what would happen if a worst-case scenario did unfold ? " he told reporters after the hearing . "  I was told that the amount of oil per day could actually rise from 5,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil a day , although in a worst-case scenario , the most likely number was in the 40,000 barrel range , which only reinforces the necessity of us acting as quickly as possible , for BP and all responsible , for shutting off this catastrophic leak of oil . " But Dave Nagel , the executive vice president of BP America , said the company is "  doing everything we can to respond to this incident . " "  That 's our complete focus right now -- to stop the leak at the scene , to disperse the oil the best we can and protect the beaches and mitigate the impact , " he said . "  That 's what we 're doing . " That may not be enough to satisfy lawmakers , said Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida . "  Privately , I 've gone up to some senators who have been for drilling and I have sarcastically said to them , in a whisper , ` Drill , baby , drill , ' and they roll their eyes as if in mock horror at the possibilities of what could happen as a result of this disaster . " CNN 's Mark Biello , Dave Rust and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Oil laps islands that hold national wildlife refuge , says Louisiana governor "  Our very way of life " is at stake , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal says The Deepwater Horizon drilling rig caught fire April 20 ; burned for two days before sinking 11 workers presumed dead in incident
Two Americans and a German won the Nobel Prize in chemistry this year for their work on optical microscopy that has opened up our understanding of molecules by allowing us to see how they work close up . The winners are Eric Betzig , Stefan W. Hell and William E. Moerner , the Nobel committee in Sweden announced Wednesday . Back in 1873 , science believed it had reached a limit in how much more of a detailed picture a microscope could provide . At the time , microscopist Ernst Abbe said the maximum resolution had been attained . This year 's winners proved that contention wrong . Physics Nobel Prize goes to scientists who perfected LED light "  Due to their achievements , the optical microscope can now peer into the nanoworld , " the committee said . The importance ca n't be overemphasized : Now , scientists can see how proteins in fertilized eggs divide into embryos , or they can track proteins involved in Alzheimer 's or Parkinson 's diseases , the committee said . Hell , of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry , GÃ ¶ ttingen , and German Cancer Research Center , Heidelberg , both in Germany , developed a way to use two laser beams to make individual molecules glow on and off . Speaking to the Nobel committee by phone after the prize was announced , Hell said the development of nanoscopy was "  very important to life scientists " because the use of focused light is the only way to see how the body works at a cellular level . He said he was "  totally surprised " by the call from the Nobel committee and that it took a while for the news to sink in . Betzig , of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , in Ashburn , Virginia , and Moerner , of Stanford University in California , worked separately to develop the basis for single-molecule microscopy . Medicine Nobel Prize goes for work on cells that form brain 's GPS system This uses light to make individual molecules glow and allows a dense super-image to be resolved at the nanolevel . Committee chairman Sven Lidin said that thanks to their development of super-resolution fluorescence microscopy , cells could be studied close up and the boundary between chemistry and biology had blurred . "  Guesswork has turned into hard facts and obscurity has turned into clarity , " he added . Last year 's prize in chemistry rewarded three scientists , Martin Karplus , Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel , for work leading to the computer programs used today to predict the outcomes of very complex chemical reactions .	Committee head : "  Guesswork has turned into hard facts and obscurity ... into clarity " Eric Betzig , Stefan W. Hell and William E. Moerner share the Nobel Prize for chemistry Their work has shifted optical microscopy boundaries into the nanoworld Hell says he was "  totally surprised " to receive the call that told him he 'd won
London  CNN  -- Drug smugglers are using ever more creative methods to hide their stashes , including tucking them inside yams , peanuts and birthday cards , a new list reveals . The list -- released by the UK Border Agency -- rounds up last year 's most unusual drug concealments . Details of the smuggling scams are used to raise awareness on drug traffickers ' ploys and the penalties that follow . "  These smuggling attempts show the lengths that organized criminals will go to in a bid to get drugs into the UK , " said Brodie Clark , chief of Border Force . In March , authorities nabbed a suspect with cocaine concealed in packets of peanuts and cashew nuts . The freight at Gatwick Airport had been sent from Jamaica . A 50-year-old man pleaded guilty to drug smuggling and was sent to prison for seven years . In another case , cocaine was found in metal drums containing powdered nuts at Heathrow Airport . It had originated in Mexico and was destined for Melbourne , Australia . In a joint operation with their Australian counterparts , UK police sent a dummy shipment to the address , and police nabbed five men who opened the drums . Famous names were dragged into the scams as well . Drug smugglers tried to conceal cannabis in a painting of former Arsenal player Emmanuel Adebayor . The wooden frame of the soccer star originated from his native Togo and was destined for an address in Tottenham -- close to the team 's north London rival by the same name . Investigations are ongoing . In August , authorities seized yams concealed with drugs aboard a freight flight at Kent International Airport in Manston . The food , which had been cut open to stash the drugs and glued back together , originated from Ghana . Other hiding places include drugs scatterered inside air spaces of glass ornaments shaped like love hearts , chickens and miniature bottles . Origin ? Peru . Destination ? Bristol . The list goes on and on . Officials intercepted a man who had strapped blocks of heroin onto his body ; a suspect who had hidden drugs on a birthday card and two others who had swallowed packs of drugs . Authorities said they use various ways to catch smugglers , including sniffer dogs , X-ray machines , intelligence and scans on passengers ' baggage . "  Criminals are prepared to invest large sums of money to come up with ever better concealment methods because they know the potential profits from the awful trade in harmful drugs are considerable , " Clark said . "  However , the smugglers are no match for the skill of our officers and the state-of-the-art technology at their disposal . "	List from UK Border Agency rounds up last year 's most unusual drug concealments They include cocaine concealed in packets of peanuts , cashew nuts Smugglers also try to conceal cannabis in painting of football star
Daytona Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Daytona Beach 's yearly motorcycle invasion , Bike Week , just concluded its 70th year , and the average attendees were not much younger . Leather-clad riders on Harley-Davidsons could be seen throughout the Florida resort town riding alongside large , stately motorcycles carrying a CEO and lawyers in khaki and blue Oxford button-downs . On the one hand , this is not your father 's Bike Week -- the one with the reputation of topless girls and bike gangs fighting in the street . On the other hand , this is your father 's Bike Week -- they 're still coming with their aging baby boomer friends , though they 've mellowed over the years . "  Most of the folks have a good income , " said Kevin Kilian , vice president of the Daytona Chamber of Commerce . "  They are like me , 40 to 50 year olds , and they are a little long in the tooth , " said Kilian . Daytona 's bike celebration began in 1937 , centered on a motorcycle race between the beach and the street . In the beginning , the race and festival were separate weekend family events , Kilian said . The two events came together , expanding into a 10-day celebration throughout the Daytona area . World War II interrupted the event for several years . Over the years , Daytona 's Bike Week became seen as a hangout for dangerous motorcycle gangs involved in illegal activities . "  As the progression goes , it was -- I do n't want to say rougher --  rather  a different crowd back in those days , " said the chamber vice president . "  The stereotype that some attribute to Bike Week does n't exist anymore . " In the 1980s , Daytona city leaders told the Chamber of Commerce to clean up Bike Week or get rid of it . Over the years , the chamber worked with sponsors , city officials and police to clean up the image by eliminating the rough crowds . They still exist , but not to the extent as it did in the late '80s , yearly attendees say . Some bars in Daytona , however , still have signs on their front doors telling bikers to not wear their bike club "  colors " or logos on their jackets in order to keep peace among opposing bike clubs or gangs . But the only gang that has over run the town this year has larger waistlines , graying hair and a whole lot more money to spend . Venders sell everything from tourist trinkets , leather gear and motorcycles accessories . The motorcycles themselves that can run as high as $ 35,000 . "  It 's more and more commercial just like everything else nowadays , " said retiree Jerry Howell , describing himself as 60-ish -- while sitting on his motorcycle with his new 60ish - year-old girlfriend . Howell , who recently moved to Florida from Baltimore , says he sees himself as a "  biker " because he has been riding motorcycles for 50 years , unlike those attending Bike Week today . "  Most people do n't have the experience . They go out and buy a new bike , take a course , buy the leathers and the getup and they 're instant bikers -- but it does n't work that way , " said Howell , who has attended Bike Week for many years . "  Nowadays , you got the lawyers and doctors or everybody is a biker . It used to be -- ` bikers ' who were here , " he said , wearing a jeans vest full of biker pins , a biker 's head wrap and a face shaven precisely to produce a white mustache and goatee . The really big show occurs along Main Street in Daytona Beach , where people and bikes parade all day and night . Folks from all walks of life can be found along the street shopping , people-watching or grabbing a beer from one of the self-described "  beer girls " while listening to a live band cranking out a rock classic from the '80s . Aging bikers covered with tattoos , before tattoos were part of pop culture , seem to have mellowed -- like one biker who walked down the street proudly carrying his teacup Chihuahua . Most people come with a husband , wife , partner , parent , child or fellow biker . Paul Hatton and his 21-year-old son pulled two bikes on a trailer from Houston to Daytona . "  This is his first , my son wanted to come down , so I said -- let 's go , " said Hatton . "  You can have a good time , looking at all the bikes and the women , " he said with a laugh . A couple who both recently retired as laboratory workers at the Veterans Administration in Tampa were surprised by the crowds during their fifth visit to Bike Week . "  I 'm amazed by the different types of people you see here , the young kids on their crotch rockets and you see the typical or what you think as the typical biker types that are tough and mean who drink hard and ride hard , " said Barbara Presnel , 55 . But Presnel said she realized once back at the hotel people are just the same as her family . Scott Calico , 30 , who lives near Daytona agrees there 's no reason to fear bikers . "  If you get the chance to get and know the people , a lot of them are just regular people like you and me or doctors and lawyers but everyone is all around good people , " said Calico , who brought his 6-year-old daughter with him because she loves to see all the bikes . "  Yeah , you do have the bad ones , but there 's more good than bad , " said Calico . On the final weekend , the younger crowd comes into town for the big event , Daytona 200 . The AMA Pro Racing season open takes place at the Daytona International Speedway . When the sun goes down , bars become packed with happy , tipsy people . Some bars offer crazy events such as women 's coleslaw wrestling . Coleslaw-covered women wrestle at Bike Week "  Coleslaw wrestling , I 've never seen that , " said Howell said . "  It 's my first time , I 'm going to take it all in , " his girlfriend added . Calico has attended Bike Week for eight years and has learned a person 's motorcycle tells a lot about the rider . "  If you look at the bikes and the rider , you can tell that the bike matches the rider . You can learn about someone by how they ride their bike , " he said .	Daytona 's bike celebration began in 1937 ; it now hosts a diverse crowd Bike Week stereotype "  does n't exist anymore , " Chamber of Commerce VP Kevin Kilian says City leaders in the '80s told Chamber of Commerce to clean up Bike Week or can it "  It 's more and more commercial just like everything else nowadays , " attendee says
CNN  -- After three weekends , it 's clear that Warner Brothers ' $ 250 million franchise finale "  The Dark Knight Rises , " which has earned $ 363.3 million , wo n't be able to match "  The Dark Knight 's " box office haul  $ 533.3 million  domestically , but it 's more than making up the difference overseas . "  Rises " is running well ahead of "  The Dark Knight " internationally , having grossed $ 378.4 million so far . At the same point in its run , "  The Dark Knight " had earned $ 203.7 million on the way to a $ 468.6 million international finish . All told , "  The Dark Knight Rises " has grossed $ 732 million worldwide , which rockets it into the number two spot at the worldwide box office this year behind "  The Avengers , " which has grossed over $ 1.4 billion . In third place is "  Ice Age : Continental Drift , " which has earned $ 716 million . It 's very likely that "  Rises , " which seems headed to a domestic finish just below $ 450 million , will slightly surpass its predecessor 's $ 1.0 billion worldwide cume , though only time will tell how high it will actually rise . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Internationally , "  Dark Knight Rises " has grossed $ 378.4 million All told , "  The Dark Knight Rises " has grossed $ 732 million worldwide "  Rises " may slightly surpass its predecessor 's $ 1.0 billion worldwide
CNN  -- The publication of a report into child abuse in the northern town of Rotherham , England has shocked Britain to the core . The report , by Professor Alexis Jay , gives a "  conservative estimate " of 1,400 children being sexually assaulted over a 16-year period . They were beaten , kidnapped , raped and trafficked . Some victims were as young as 11 . How could it happen here , in a modern country that professes to care for the vulnerable ? The horrors in Rotherham first came to light in 2010 , when five men were jailed for sexual offenses against underage girls . A journalist 's investigation into the wider scale of abuse prompted the local council to conduct its own report -- and it 's the staggering numbers revealed in Jay 's findings that have caught the public 's attention . Many of the headlines have focused on the racial makeup of the culprits , who were overwhelmingly Asian males . The report concludes that elected council officials were reluctant to talk directly to the Pakistani community about the problem and that some staff were frightened of being labeled "  racist " for doing so . All of which confirms the assertion from the British right wing that a climate of "  political correctness " permitted the abuse to go on . It 's impossible not to infer that children could have been rescued had quaint notions of "  racial sensitivity " been put aside . The inquiry heard that influential elected Pakistani councilors acted as "  barriers of communication . " But a focus on political correctness should not distract from the wider , institutional betrayal of children by police , social services and local politicians . The scale of which was staggering and the neglect sometimes willful . Professor Jay states that "  nobody could say ` we did n't know ' " The crimes were committed in the open . The report explained how the grooming of victims  from all racial backgrounds  occurred : "  Schools raised the alert over the years about children as young as 11 , 12 and 13 being picked up outside schools by cars and taxis , given presents and mobile phones and taken to meet large numbers of unknown males in Rotherham , other local towns and cities , and further afield . " The girls often believed their rapists were boyfriends , men of relative wealth and sophistication , who gave them gifts and introduced them to others . These crimes were often reported . Some police officers , according to Jay , treated the accusers with "  contempt . " This was likely because they were children being held in care by the local authority , meaning that they were separated from their parents and typically living in homes provided by the taxpayers . Their claims were either disbelieved or the encounters possibly dismissed as typical behavior for someone of their social status . On one occasion , a police officer said that a 12-year-old having sex with five adults should n't be categorized as sexual abuse because it was "  100 % consensual in every incident "  this advice was overruled  . I do n't need to spell out that British law sees things very differently . When crimes were reported , cases were gathered and reports filed to the council 's staff and elected officials . The scale was such that they were often greeted with disbelief . Three summaries were written in total by justice officials . All three were largely ignored by the police and the council . When the scandal first went public in 2010 , the leader of Rotherham 's children 's services resigned . Just two years later , the opposition Labour Party endorsed him for its candidate to be elected Police and Crime Commissioner for South Yorkshire . The leader of the party , Ed Miliband , posed with him in an election photo . He won the election and there are now demands -- including from Labour -- for him to resign . Thus far , he has refused . It 's impossible to make sense of this story . The barbarity is so enormous , so terrible . There is also the frightening possibility that those responsible for failing to defend the children will not see justice . The report does not name names and it 's likely that the social workers and council staff who were so obviously negligent have moved on to jobs in other areas , spreading their incompetence across the country . While some observers wish to pin the problem on political correctness and others on under-funding , a more simple truth emerges . Individuals did not do their jobs . In some cases they looked the other way . And it 's just possible that they will get away with it . They are shielded by political self-delusion . Rotherham council announced the report 's findings with the following assertion : "  Services to protect young people at risk from child sexual exploitation in Rotherham are stronger and better co-ordinated across agencies today than ever before , an independent review has found . " This is a stretch , to say the least . Professor Jay did indicate that services have improved at the council but added that it remains understaffed and the long-term victim support inadequate . Importantly , criminal convictions are still woefully low -- a continuing failure by the police . Britain has a number of problems to face up to . One is a hidden history of child abuse , most dramatically brought to light by the revelations that the late children 's entertainer and radio host Jimmy Savile  a friend to the rich and powerful  used his position to exploit the vulnerable . Another problem is that our public services can operate poorly and by their own standards . Our welfare state is generous and -- including in Rotherham -- boasts excellent staffs doing fantastic work . But it also employs , even provides cover for , individuals who are negligent . A full public inquiry must be held into what happened in Rotherham , a scandal that repeats much of what has also happened in Rochdale , Derby and Oxford and which is almost certainly taking place today . That is the only effective way to expose those responsible , and to shed light on the Dickensian nightmare playing out in modern Britain .	Tim Stanley : Report about sex abuse of 1,400 children shocked Britain . How could it happen ? He says some blame authorities ' PC reluctance to intervene ; offenders were Pakistani But he says blame , too , an institutional betrayal by police , social services and politicians Stanley : Britain must face hidden sex abuse , unpunished negligence . Inquiry must bring justice
What do you do if you want to film the iconic story of Phileas Fogg , the intrepid Jules Verne character who takes a bet to prove that a man can circumvent the globe in 80 days ? Sure , you can follow Fogg 's trail around the world and start shooting in different locations -- or you can spend most of your time in Serbia . Starring Pierce Brosnan as Fogg , the 1989 TV adaptation of Verne 's "  Around the World in 80 Days " was mainly filmed in and around the Balkan country -- then part of Yugoslavia . Thanks to its diverse landscape and impressive architecture , Serbia represented a total of 18 countries in the mini-series , while the city of Belgrade served as the backdrop for seven world cities . " -LSB- Serbia -RSB- has a very long tradition of film making , " says Ana Ilic , executive director of the Serbia Film Commission . "  Back in the 1970s and 1980s , there were so many huge co-productions that were made here . " And now , filmmakers are taking notice once again as Serbia steps up its efforts to raise its profile as an important player in international filmmaking . From medieval castles to jagged mountains to modern cityscapes , it seems that every corner and crevice in Serbia can make the cut in Hollywood . International hits shot at least partly in the country include the film adaptation of William Shakespeare 's "  Corolianus , " starring Ralph Fiennes and Gerard Butler , the 2012 period thriller "  The Raven , " with John Cusack , while recently Pierce Brosnan returned to the country too to film spy action thriller "  The November Man . " "  Serbia has done some really great productions in recent years , " says Ilic . "  It has proven to be a really good competitive high-quality service filming destination -- it is quite hot now . " ` Serbia , NOT Siberia ! ' Serbia 's renewed focus on building an impressive reputation in international movie production is benefiting several local industry players . One of them is film producer is Andjelka Vlaisavljevic , who is matching her movie-making savvy with a meticulous approach to budgets to win more and more big budget films . She says that it was n't always that way . "  They would say , ` Siberia , ' no way , we are not going there , it 's cold ! ' And so , it 's like ` no no no , it 's Serbia ! ' -LSB- You -RSB- can you imagine what the reaction to Serbia was , " jokes Vlaisavljevic , founder of Work in Progress Productions . "  That 's changed completely now , " she continues . "  The buzz is out that here it 's not just very good crews and all that , but it 's a good time that you have working in Belgrade . And again , everybody has such a low expectations when it comes to us , then they get pleasantly surprised and so they like it here . " Resilient industry But it 's not just movie producers taking advantage of Serbia 's bid to emerge as a key force in international filmmaking . Bojan Peric is a Serbian actor who 's found success at home , and went on to appear at "  Lockout . " He says he 's proud not just of his own accomplishments but of the talent and skill of the crews and production teams he works with . "  During all those bad times that happened in the past an industry that did not fall back was the film industry , " he says . "  That 's important for the culture of the people and I believe that a country makes its image through culture . " Read this : The ancient craft of Pirot carpet weaving Read this : Serbia 's rise to tennis powerhouse More from On the Road Serbia	Serbia is stepping up efforts to build its reputation in international filmmaking Diverse landscape , varied architecture and experiences crews are advantages Films shot in the country include "  The November Man " and "  Coriolanus "
On a road jammed with traffic in Kabul is a hospital behind very high walls . There 's a security checkpoint at the gate and once inside , the guards search all belongings -- checking every bag , opening every zipper and looking through the lens of our TV camera to make sure it 's not a bomb . Inside the compound are single storey buildings clad in white paint . Cement pathways connect the low-rise structures that pave their way through a mini oasis . Trees and garden beds surround the complex . Brightly colored flowers sprout from the earth -- a stark contrast from the dry , dusty , arid landscape outside these four high walls . Vines grow up a patio awning where patients sit taking respite -- recovering from their injuries , all sustained through war . This is the Emergency Hospital -- an Italian-run facility funded by private donors . It treats only victims of the war in Afghanistan -- civilians and the Taliban alike . The hospital had its busiest month in August 2012 with casualties reaching the highest levels since this war began almost 12 years ago . Read more : NATO releases details of brazen attack on base Recovering in one of the wards is 17-year-old Naweed Tanha . He was badly injured on September 8 when a teenage suicide bomber blew himself up outside ISAF Headquarters in Kabul . It was the 55th suicide bombing in Afghanistan this year . "  We were all selling bracelets in that place , " explains Naweed , quietly sitting on a bench outside , happy to get out of the crammed hospital ward . His right hand is thickly bandaged after the explosion tore a chunk off his palm . His legs and back were also badly injured after being flung ten meters by the force of the blast . "  I was with my friends -- we 're all poor , innocent people . I was a few meters away getting some water from the nearby water hand pump and as I was returning the bang happened , " Naweed says . "  By the time I opened my eyes I saw myself injured and saw bodies of my other friends laying on the ground . I started crying and running towards them when police stopped me . They put me in a car and brought me here to the hospital . " Four were killed in the blast , including 14-year-old Khorshid Hawa and her 10-year-old sister Parwana . "  I am so upset for losing my friends , " says Naweed , his eyes dark , his pupils bloodshot from crying . But he has no more tears to shed -- just hurt and anger oozes from his body . "  What kind of people would do this ? Why are they continuing to do this ? It is ruining our country and our future . " Most of the kids were members of Skateistan -- a charity that teaches street kids how to skateboard while providing them with an education . They 'd sell their wares in the morning , hustling bracelets , chewing gum and water to foreigners entering the heavily fortified ISAF compound . They 'd then go off to school in the afternoon in an attempt to break this cycle of poverty . Read more : Karzai 's choice for Afghan intelligence chief suspected of torture , trafficking James Herzog , an American music teacher at the Afghanistan National Institute of Music , used to hang out with Khorshid and her gang of skateboarding friends on the weekend . "  She was strong and witty and full of edgy comebacks , " he says with a sad smile on his face . "  She could stand up to any of the other street kid bullies and was always protecting the younger girls on the street . I loved spending my weekend afternoons with her and despite seeing her position in this life , I always left feeling extremely positive about this world . " James lived just around the corner from the blast -- he arrived on the scene shortly after witnessing the carnage . The bodies of his young friends had been taken away but pools of blood covered the footpath next to one of Khorshid 's chalk drawings on the pavement . "  She never ever asked me for money and rarely tried to sell me any trinkets . She usually wanted to practice English , and I often quizzed her little sister with multiplication questions . I loved the moments when I could convince Khorshid to sing a folk song for me as an unofficial audition for the music school . At the end of every ` hang , ' we would share an apple or Pepsi while she would draw little designs on the street or walls . " Paying tribute to his young Afghani friend , Herzog says she 's left a huge imprint on his life . "  Khorshid was one of those kids who sent life lessons back to the rest of the world through the foreigners who were lucky enough to know her . Her setting may have been a dusty street corner with occasional packs of aggressive dogs , nervous foreign soldiers , unforgiving barbed wire and concrete walls , but her beauty and positivity transcended all of it . " Back at the hospital , 15-year-old Mohammad Ilyas sits in a wheel chair -- both of legs are bandaged up . His mother has tied a piece of brightly colored material around his wrist as a good luck charm . "  We were close to the blast . I was very close to it -- almost two meters away . I did n't see the suicide bomber myself , but other people were saying that he was around 13 years old and he had a school bag too . After the explosion took place , I thought somebody had shot me in the leg but after I opened my eyes and saw my friends on the ground , I realized that it was an explosion . "  I saw their bodies . I saw the body flesh of the suicide bomber , which was spread every where -- only his legs were left lying on the ground . " Mohammad is about to undergo surgery on his legs . Doctors are telling him that he may never get full movement back , but the news does n't seem to register . "  I am very upset about losing my friends . I only remember them and I only think about them -- I do n't care about my wounds . " "  I was going to school for half a day and was spending half a day with them everyday . Whoever carried out the attack was a stupid person . They killed five of my friends who were the future of Afghanistan . " Skateboard school ramps up Afghan dreams	Four children were killed in a teen suicide bombing on September 8 They included Khorshid Hawa , 14 and her sister Parwana who was just ten Naweed Tanha , 17 , tells of the moment the bomber attacked Most of the children were members of Skateistan , a charity for street kids
CNN  -- The Indiana Department of Labor on Wednesday announced penalties totaling $ 80,800 following a worker-safety investigation into a stage collapse last summer that fatally injured seven people and injured dozens of others before a scheduled concert at the Indiana State Fair . The largest fines -- totaling $ 63,000 for what the agency said were three "  knowing violations " -- were levied on Mid-America Sound Corp. , which built the stage structure and leased it to the fair . Metal scaffolding supporting the stage lights fell onto a crowd of fans and workers as a storm swept through the Indianapolis fairgrounds on August 13 , 2011 , right before country music group Sugarland was to perform . Mid-America Sound , based in Greenfield , Indiana , was cited for "  failure to develop and implement an Operations Management Plan , the failure to develop a risk assessment plan , failure to maintain and use current engineering calculations and documentation , and failure to provide appropriate , qualified supervision , " the labor department said . The company strongly disputed those findings in a statement to CNN Wednesday night . The citations come as the Indiana Occupational Safety and Health Administration  IOSHA  released the findings of a six-month investigation focusing specifically on employee safety standards . Two workers were among the people killed . Labor Department Commissioner Lori A. Torres said the citations of Mid-America Sound indicated "  the most serious safety violation . " "  The evidence demonstrated that the Mid-America Sound Corporation was aware of the appropriate requirements and demonstrated a plain indifference to complying with those requirements , " Torres said during a morning news briefing at the state capitol in Indianapolis . Also , the Indiana State Fair Commission was cited for failing to evaluate and assess "  all conditions and the related appropriate safety measures " at the fair 's concert venues . The "  serious violation " resulted in a $ 6,300 penalty . And the local chapter of the stagehands union  IATSE  and Theatrical Payroll Services Inc. were cited for four violations and fined $ 11,500 for failing to make sure the load-bearing roof was properly secured . State Fair Commission Chairman Andre Lacy issued a statement Wednesday saying the organization has created a new position of emergency management officer "  to assist with improving emergency action plans , and completed emergency evacuation training for all employees . " He also noted that two independent investigations are ongoing "  regarding the structural collapse and decision-making analysis . " "  Our hearts continue to go out to the victims and families of those whose lives were forever impacted by the events of Aug. 13 , " Lacy said in the statement . "  We also appreciate the due diligence of the Indiana Department of Labor in compiling its report . " An attorney for the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees told CNN Indianapolis affiliate WTHR that the state fair was making "  scapegoats " of the stagehands union . "  This is  an attempt to deflect attention away from themselves , " WTHR quoted attorney Bill Groth as saying . "  The State Fair Commission and State Fair personnel are ultimately responsible here . And they 're looking for scapegoats and we happen to be first in line . " Byra Borshoff Cook , a spokesperson for Mid-America Sound , said the company disagrees with the investigation 's findings "  and strongly object to their classification as knowing violations . " "  Mid-America Sound was consistent and clear with the Indiana State Fair Commission about the limitations of the temporary roof structure in high winds or severe inclement weather , " she said in an e-mailed statement . "  Each year for nearly a decade , we warned the Commission , in writing , that ` The roof or top shall not be used in high winds and or severe inclement weather . High winds meaning 25 MPH and above , ' " Cook said , quoting a clause highlighted on a "  conditions of contract " page that also was attached to the e-mail sent to CNN . "  In the case of the structure used for the Sugarland concert , the threshold was 40 mph for evacuation , " Cook 's e-mail stated . "  On the evening of the incident one of our employees reconfirmed with State Fair leadership that if there was lightning or wind speeds of 40 mph or more , the area should be evacuated . "  Despite these warnings , the Indiana State Fair Commission , who controlled the venue , and Sugarland , who controlled the concert , refused to postpone the concert and failed to implement an evacuation plan away from the temporary roof structure . " The National Weather Service estimated winds of 60-70 mph were raking the area when the incident occurred . Forecasters had warned that heavy rain and strong winds would hit the fair nearly two hours before the storm moved through . Video shows the blue canvas top fraying and flapping just seconds before the steel scaffolding gave way and fell onto the "  Sugarpit , " a section usually occupied by Sugarland 's most ardent fans . Authorities had gone onstage just four minutes earlier to warn the crowd to seek shelter , according to a timeline of events released by investigators the day after the accident . Sugarland , the Atlanta-based duo of Jennifer Nettles and Kristian Bush , escaped injury since they had not yet come onstage . They later posted a message on Twitter saying they were "  stunned and heartbroken for the fans . " In November , the families of four people who were killed filed a lawsuit against Sugarland , contending it was the performers ' responsibility to decide whether the show would go on and that they had "  ultimate control over the lighting " that fell on many of the victims . Sugarland 's representative has said the group would offer no comment about the lawsuit . CNN 's Cameron Tankersley , Holly Yan and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokesperson for fined stage-builder disputes investigation 's findings Indiana stage 's builder , state fair commission , stagehands union fined more than $ 80,000 Mid-America Sound Corp. hit with the largest penalty -- $ 63,000 for three violations Announcement comes after a six-month probe into worker-safety issues
Bayern Munich has honored the remarkable life of its former president Kurt Landauer , who was hounded out of office 80 years ago by the Nazi regime and sent to a concentration camp . During four terms as president of the German football club , Landauer is credited with establishing Bayern as an international force and nurturing the club 's youth policy . The legacy of Landauer , who served as a soldier for the German army in World War I but was later imprisoned in Dachau , is to be remembered by the club , who has named him as Bayern 's third honorary president . "  This accolade is long overdue , " said club president Uli Hoeness during a presentation to Landauer 's nephew Uri Siegel , his only surviving relative . "  For my uncle , there was only ever FC Bayern , " Siegel recalled on the Bayern Munich website . Landauer was born into a Jewish family in 1884 and at the turn of the 20th Century was playing for Bayern Munich 's youth team . His football career was cut short when he left for Switzerland to train as a banker but when he returned to Munich he was soon elected as president of Bayern in 1913 . The outbreak of World War I interrupted Landauer 's term and he left to serve in the German army . After the war , Landauer again took up the post of club president in 1919 and it was during this period he established his legacy with the club . Founding father "  The president , who favored investment in the team rather than the construction of a stadium demanded by a section of the membership , rates to this day as one of the founding fathers of the club 's widely-admired youth policy , " explained Bayern Munich 's website . Bayern also won their first domestic title under Landauer 's tenure in 1932 . But the following year with the rise of the Nazi regime in Germany and its extreme anti-Semitic policies soon brought a dark shadow over the club 's achievements . The Nazi authorities branded Bayern a "  Jewish club " and the club lost team members and fans , and fell back in the national rankings . Landauer resigned the presidency and in 1938 he was arrested and sent to a concentration camp . His service as a solider during World War I meant he was released after 33 days and he left for Switzerland . However , his three brothers all died under the Nazi regime , while his sister Gabriele was deported and is still officially listed as missing . Auschwitz goalkeeper Landauer returned to Munich in 1947 and resumed presidency of his beloved Bayern in 1947 to 1951 . He died 10 years later at the age of 77 . The former youth player and four time club president has joined player Franz Beckenbauer -- star of the team which won three European Cupss in the mid-Seventies -- and former president Wilhelm Neudecker as Bayern 's only honorary presidents . "  His efforts were pioneering during an extremely difficult time for FC Bayern , " Bayern chairman Karl-Heinz Rummenigge recalled in 2009 . "  He experienced things which so many people unfortunately experienced in those times . We must do everything necessary to prevent times like that happening ever again . "  Remembrance is a vital component in that . " In Britain , a former prisoner of war , Ron Jones , has also detailed his painful memories of football under the Nazi regime in a new memoir . The 96-year-old recounts his experiences in the Auschwitz death camp where he and fellow British soldiers formed a football team . His story has been published in a 2013 book called The Auschwitz Goalkeeper .	Bayern Munich name Kurt Landauer as one of its three honorary club presidents Landauer served as the German club 's president four times between 1913 and 1951 In 1938 , Landauer was sent to a concentration camp by the Nazi regime He died in 1961 but is credited as one on the club 's founding fathers
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa repeated his 2012 success at a sweltering Sepang Sunday but his Honda teammate Marc Marquez took another big step towards the MotoGP world title by finishing a fine second . The 20-year-old Marquez won a thrilling battle with defending champion Jorge Lorenzo for Yamaha to increase his lead over his fellow Spaniard in the championship standings to 43 points . Marquez can wrap up the title next week at Philip Island in Australia , the first rookie to win the MotoGP premier crown in 35 years . He admitted that getting the better of Lorenzo , moving ahead for the final time halfway through the 20 lap race was satisfying . "  It was a nice battle with Jorge . I enjoyed it a lot , " Marquez told the official MotoGP website . "  The target of this weekend was to finish in front of Jorge , " he said , It left Pedrosa to go unchallenged to the finish for this third win of the season and to close within 11 points of second placed Lorenzo in the title standings . He took command in 40 degree Celsius temperatures , taking the lead from polesitter Marquez early in the race . "  It 's a great feeling to be back ... I came back strong , " said Pedrosa , who suffered a crash in the last round in Spain after a coming together with Marquez . The incident earned Marquez a penalty point , his third of the season and a warning . Lorenzo 's teammate , seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi of Italy , finished fourth followed by Spanish Honda rider Alvaro Bautista . Britain 's rising star Cal Crutchlow , who started third on the grid , eventually finished sixth , just ahead of compatriot Bradley Smith . Malaysia is the 15th race of the 18 round season , with Australia next , followed by Japan and the final race in Valencia . Marquez is likely to be celebrating the title in front of his home fans in the finale after a remarkable debut season , replacing the retired Casey Stoner in the Repsol Honda line-up .	Dani Pedrosa wins Malaysian MotoGP in Sepang Honda teammate Marc Marquez in second place Marquez extends lead in title race over third placed Jorge Lorenzo MotoGP legend Valentino Rossi in fourth
CNN  -- Women have been badly let down by the men they stood with during demonstrations that toppled tyrants in the Middle East and North Africa . Shot at , tortured , assaulted and detained -- they were equals at the point of protest but now , as new governments extend their grip , we can see that , as citizens , women remain firmly in the second class . So , as we celebrate the role of women on International Women 's day , let us not forget that the struggle for equality is far from won . Even when progress seems to be a given , the pendulum can swing back leaving fresh challenges to defend progressive values . In Egypt , it did not matter that women had played a critical role in the uprisings that ousted the tyrant Mubarak . It did not matter that they had suffered equally from repression and lack of economic opportunity along with the men . It did not matter that they were subjected to the additional burden of discrimination because they were female . It did not matter that the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces tried to discredit women protestors by arresting them and subjecting them to forced virginity tests . When elections finally came after so many years of dictatorship , Amnesty International asked political parties in Egypt to make commitments to basic human rights principles : principles such as freedom of expression and assembly , religious freedom , non-discrimination and gender equality . Most of those seeking political power through the parliamentary elections fell short of meeting even these minimum human rights commitments . Read also : Women and the Arab uprisings The Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice party which won 235 seats -- 47 per cent of the total - failed even to respond to Amnesty International 's request . The Salafist Al-Nur party , which came second with 121 seats  24 per cent  declined to promote women 's rights or abolish the death penalty . So 71 % of the new parliament is unwilling to commit to promoting women 's rights and gender equality . There have been some chinks of light . Tawakkol Karman of Yemen was named as one of three women Nobel Laureates for peace , in an important , though , belated recognition of the role women have played in the protests dubbed the Arab Spring . During those heady days , women were a powerful voice , a compelling presence in the protests . They took the same risks as men when exposing human rights abuses committed by the state and calling for accountability ; as leaders and agents of change in the uprisings they have not been exempt from the worst of the violence . Many women protesters were harassed , arrested , tortured and otherwise ill-treated in gender-specific ways just because they are women , defying convention and exercising their rights to freedom of expression and assembly . In Bahrain , where thousands of women took part in anti-government demonstrations , dozens were arrested and some were reportedly tortured or otherwise ill-treated . In Yemen , women taking part in protests and women activists have been killed , harassed , arrested and in some cases beaten for their participation in protests . In a desperate attempt to sideline women , Yemeni officials demanded that male relatives assert control over the women in their family and stop their activism . Read also : Women prisoners find freedom behind bars However , women 's protest is not new in this region : women were demanding their human rights long before the start of the uprisings of the last year -- in Iran and elsewhere . In Saudi Arabia , 20 years after women first sat at the wheels of their cars and challenged the restriction on females driving , the ban remains in place . Any woman who dares to challenge the ban faces arrest and attacks on their character . Saudi religious clerics have claimed that allowing women to drive would lead to moral decline in the kingdom . The demands of the women are clear . Women want a seat at the table and a voice in the debate and a vote in the decision making . More specifically , women are calling for equal rights to political participation and decision-making , equal rights in law , including in relation to marriage , divorce , child custody and inheritance . Women must have legal protection from gender-based violence , including domestic violence and marital rape , and sexual harassment . International Women 's Day is an opportunity to recognize the courage and stamina of the women living in the Middle East and North Africa . They will not be pushed back to the kitchen . We must all take a stand today in solidarity with them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Widney Brown	Widney Brown says women took the same risks as men during the Arab Spring . However , women are treated as second-class citizens in post-revolution politics , says Brown . Using cases from the region , Brown argues that the struggle for gender equality is far from won .
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- An Al Qaeda-linked militant group waging war against Somalia 's fragile government is becoming an increasing threat to Western ally Kenya and could potentially destabilize the region with dire consequences for global security , officials and analysts warn . Al-Shabab fighters count their bullets in neighborhood of Mogadishu . Al-Shabaab , one of the strongest Islamic militias battling for control of Mogadishu , has gained ground in recent weeks , according to officials , and has started to flex its muscles beyond Somalia 's border with terror strikes , kidnappings and recruitment drives . They warn that unless the world takes action the group , which wants to impose an extreme type of Islamic sharia law , could extend its grip across parts of East Africa to gain control of a region that flanks busy shipping routes already plagued by Somali pirates Appeals by Somalia 's government for international help to unpick its long-running civil conflict have escalated Al-Shabaad 's threats with the group behind warnings of an attack on the Kenyan capital , Nairobi . And , say experts , the group is being backed by foreign fighters -- some said to have links to Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda network -- a situation that draws direct comparisons with the group 's influence in pre-9 / 11 Afghanistan . "  Al-Shabaab is a threat to the whole world , " Somali Information Minister Farhan Ali Mohamoud told CNN . "  First to Somalia , to the neighborhood , and to everywhere they have disagreed with . " Watch more on Somalian threat " Mohamoud , whose transitional government has largely failed in its long-term goal of reconciling Somalia 's militias , concedes Al-Shabaab is making major gains on his administration and says the global community must act to prevent their threat escalating . "  Somalia 's problems are not for Somalia alone to solve . Not only for the African Union to solve . It is a global and regional issue . We are very appreciative that the international community understands that , but they need to act now , rather than later . " "  The issue is not Somalis taking over from other Somalis . But the issue is foreign jihadists imposing their ideas into the region . So Somalia can be a launching pad for a greater and wider jihadist issue . " Kenyan government spokesman Alfred Mutua told CNN his country did not yet fear direct attacks from Al-Shabaab but said it was becoming increasingly alarmed about its activities and its links to foreign networks . Despite the concerns , Mutua said the problem was nothing new and while his country struggled to exert control over its porous border with Somalia , it was taking steps to limit the danger . But he warned the threat was not limited to Kenya and could have global reach . "  We do believe that Al-Shabaab poses a threat , not only to Kenya , but to all neighboring countries such as Ethiopia and Eritrea , " he said . "  It is not just a problem that we foresee in Kenya , just because we are neighbors to them , it is a problem that we foresee that may occur to a lot of countries and also poses a threat to outside even this region , " he added . "  Our concern is not limited to Al-Shabaab . We know that Al-Shabaab are not able to do it without foreign intervention in terms of money and weapons that they are getting from other countries . " Ernst Jan Hogendoorn , an analyst with the International Crisis Group , told CNN that while Al-Shabaab had whipped up concerns with headline grabbing acts such as the recent kidnap of two French citizens in Mogadishu and three aid workers on the Kenyan side of the border , countries such as Kenya should pay heed . "  I think that Kenya could do a much better job . There is always the possibility that someone could sneak across the border and launch an attack against a soft target . Obviously Kenya has been the target of attacks in the past that are very , very challenging to prevent . " But , says Hogendoorn , with an African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia proving largely ineffective , and Ethiopian military presence withdrawn in January ahead of an Al-Shabaab push , Kenyan military involvement was unlikely to offer any quick fix . "  The problem is once -LSB- Kenyan troops -RSB- are on the ground they open themselves up to guerrilla style attacks and suicide attacks that could lead to significant loss in life . "	Experts , officials warn of growing threat from Somali militant group Al-Shabaab is one of strongest Islamic militias battling for Mogadishu Kenya says danger is to region and world despite threats on Nairobi
An investigation into appalling conditions in school hostels has won two South African journalists the top prize at the CNN MultiChoice African Journalist Awards . Msindisi Fengu and Yandisa Monakali shared the top honor of CNN MultiChoice African Journalist of the Year for their series "  School hostels of shame , " which appeared in South African newspaper Daily Dispatch . The series investigated appalling conditions experienced by thousands of pupils in South Africa 's Eastern Cape , uncovering hygiene and safety risks in school hostels and lifting the lid on corruption within the education department . Their winning entry was chosen from 1,387 submissions from 42 nations across the continent . It also won the Print General News Award . "  It 's a huge honor to win , " the pair said in a statement . "  It means all the work we put in has been rewarded . It always feel good to be recognized by your fellow journalists . We 'll keep pushing this agenda . " Ferial Haffajee , chair of the judging panel , said the top prize was tightly contested . "  But we felt that ` Hostels of shame ' had resonance across the continent . We live in an era of fast everything , so fast journalism is a big part of it . To find a piece of work where people took their weekends , took months to do it and told the story over some length is a real joy . " The award carried a substantial cash prize , plus a visit to CNN Center in Atlanta to attend the three-week CNN Journalism Fellowship . All finalists received a cash prize , with category winners receiving a laptop and printer as well . Fengu and Monakali were among 27 finalists from 11 countries who attended the Awards ceremony at the Cape Town International Convention Center Saturday as the culmination of a four day program of workshops , media forums , networking , and sightseeing . Parisa Khosravi , senior vice president , global relations for CNN Worldwide , said the awards highlighted the depth and strength of journalism in Africa . "  These men and women have proven that top-notch journalism is alive and prospering , and Africa will have its stories told to the world . " Nico Meyer , CEO of MultiChoice Africa , said journalists played a vital role in the development of African media . "  Without your hard work and perseverance , the development of the media across Africa would not be possible . " Khosravi presented the top award with Collins Khumalo , CEO of MultiChoice South Africa . The awards were established in 1995 to encourage , promote and recognize excellence in African journalism .	Their story was an investigation into hygiene and safety risks in school hostels It ran as a series in a South African newspaper The award was presented at a ceremony in Cape Town Saturday
CNN  -- A 6.0-magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia on Saturday , days after a temblor left dozens dead in the nation . The quake struck off the island of Sumatra , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It had earlier stated it was a 6.4-magnitude quake , but revised the number . No tsunami alert was issued , officials said . Indonesia is still recovering from a 6.1-magnitude quake that killed 35 people and injured 275 others three days ago , the national disaster agency reported . In the last earthquake , the death and destruction were mainly in the province of Aceh on the island of Sumatra . Indonesia is on the Ring of Fire , an arc of fault lines circling the Pacific Basin that is prone to frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . In 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude underwater earthquake off the coast of Sumatra triggered a tsunami that killed more than 200,000 people in 14 countries . The majority of the deaths were in Indonesia , with Aceh bearing the brunt .	NEW : The USGS revises down the number NEW : No tsunami alert is issued The nation is still recovering from a 6.1-magnitude quake that killed 35 people
CNN  -- Jennifer Lopez sang "  Happy Birthday , Mr. President " on Saturday to a leader who has been characterized as one of the most repressive in the world . "  We wish you the very , very , happiest birthday , " Lopez said to Turkmenistan President Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov , and then she sang to him at a huge celebration at a resort in the central Asian country . The singer 's spokesman told CNN Sunday that "  had there been knowledge of human right issues of any kind , JenniferÂ would not have attended . " Human Rights Watch , in a report to the U.N. Human Rights Committee , recently called Turkmenistan "  a country marked by extraordinary levels of repression . " "  Widely recognized as one of the most repressive in the world , the Turkmen government exercises total control of public life , " the report said . In concert with controversy Lopez spokesman Mark Young said she "  and several other artists were invited and performed at a private corporate event for the China National Petroleum Corporation that was presented to their local executives in Turkmenistan . " The event was not sponsored by the government and not political , he said . "  The China National Petroleum Corporation made a last-minute ` birthday greeting ' request prior to Jennifer taking the stage , " he said . "  This was not stipulated in her contract , but she graciously obliged the China National Petroleum Corporation request . " Once part of the Soviet Union until late 1991 , Turkmenistan has abundant gas and oil resources . The CIA Factbook says the leadership uses its "  gas and cotton export revenues to sustain its inefficient and highly corrupt economy . " The country borders Afghanistan and Iran . Berdymukhamedov has been chief of state and head of government since February 2007 , the CIA Factbook says . Tearful Lopez receives Walk of Fame star CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Jennifer Lopez performed at Turkmenistan president 's birthday celebration Human Rights Watch says Turkmenistan has "  extraordinary levels of repression " Spokesman : Lopez did n't realize the human rights issues around Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov
CNN  As thousands-strong anti-Islamization rallies make headlines in Germany following the Charlie Hebdo attack , one of the rallies ' organizers has resigned as leader of a right-wing group after a newspaper published a months-old selfie of him posing as Adolf Hitler . The photo shows Lutz Bachmann , leader of PEGIDA , which translates in English to Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West . It appeared Wednesday on the cover of German tabloid BILD . Bachmann resigned as chairman of the group following the backlash to the Hitler photo , as well as another image Bachmann posted of a man in a Ku Klux Klan robe with the caption , "  Three K 's a day keeps the minorities away . " "  I apologize to everybody who has felt attacked by my online postings . They were comments made without serious reflection , which I would no longer express today . I am sorry that I thereby damaged the interests of our movement , and draw the appropriate conclusion , " Bachmann said in Dresden . The selfie was an act of satire , his spokeswoman Kathrin Oertel said on Facebook . While every citizen has the right to engage in satire , she wrote , insulting foreigners is not satirical . Though Bachmann apparently has deleted his own Facebook account , screen grabs published by numerous media outlets suggest Bachmann posted the Hitler photo in September , while the KKK image is from 2012 . Bachmann told BILD , "  I took the photo at the hairdressers , for the publication of the audiobook of the satire ` He 's Back . ' ... You need to be able to joke about things now and then . " "  He 's back , " or "  Er ist wieder da " in German , is a 2012 best-selling satire based on Hitler waking up in modern-day Berlin with no knowledge of what happened following World War II . The audiobook was released long before September , as January 2013 news reports indicate 75,000 copies had already been sold . It appears the images gained traction not because of timeliness but because PEGIDA has successfully organized weekly anti-Islamization demonstrations in Dresden . Police estimated that 18,000 people attended a January 5 rally , while about 25,000 people showed up at a January 12 rally . Monday 's scheduled protest in Dresden was canceled after police persuaded PEGIDA to call it off following an ISIS fatwa targeting PEGIDA 's organizers , the group wrote on the Facebook page for its United Kingdom branch . "  The police has canceled the rally in agreement with PEGIDA because they ca n't guarantee the security and safety of participants after information of planned attacks by islamistic groups , " the Facebook post said . In response to Monday 's cancellation , LEGIDA , the city of Leipzig 's offshoot of PEGIDA , said it was organizing a rally expected to draw between 30,000 and 60,000 demonstrators , according to German media . As many as 4,000 police officers had been recruited from around the country in preparation for the event , one news outlet reported . On its main Facebook page , which has more than 155,000 "  likes , " PEGIDA has stated its philosophy that citizens should "  wake from their slumber " and recognize the "  danger in the Islamic ideology . " "  Stop the radical Salafists ' Islamization , " it urges . "  As a society , we should give people the chance to integrate , but we should not allow ourselves to be Islamized thereby losing our freedom and democracy ! " The group claims to have supporters in more than 30 German cities and 18 countries in Europe . A PEGIDA group in Norway also called for demonstrators to gather outside Town Hall in the capital , Oslo , earlier this month to show support for the French and demonstrate opposition to what it calls the "  Islamification of Norway . " German Justice Minister Heiko Maas and Chancellor Angela Merkel have called on the group to cancel the rallies in Dresden and other German cities . Counterprotests have taken place or been planned in Hanover , Düsseldorf , Hamburg , Munich , Dresden , Leipzig and Berlin . During a January 5 demonstration , Germany 's Cologne Cathedral turned off its lights in a symbolic rejection of the rally taking place in its shadow . Joerg Forbrig , a European analyst with the German Marshall Fund of the United States , told CNN that the PEGIDA 's message resonated only in the Dresden area , where its ideas had fallen on "  particularly fertile soil . " "  These protests are not so much fueled by fear of Islam and fear of Islamist attacks , but by frustration at the cost of reunification -- about the way they are being integrated and represented since the fall of the Berlin Wall , " Forbrig said . Dresden already had a well-established network of right-wing extremists before PEGIDA 's emergence , he said . "  It 's more a case of East Germans not entirely feeling at home in Germany , " Forbrig said . "  There is a feeling of second-class citizenship , and in order to be heard , many East Germans take to radical measures . " CNN 's Rick Noack and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	Leader of anti-Islamization group said he took Hitler photo as "  joke " to coincide with audiobook release PEGIDA , which says it fights against Islamization of the West , has organized rallies drawing as many as 25,000 Newspaper published the Hitler photo Wednesday , but image was posted on Facebook months ago
When President Barack Obama took to the podium for Thursday 's news conference/cum-mea culpa on the disastrous Obamacare roll out , the commander-in-chief said repairing his damaged credibility was on him and no one else . John King : For Obama , a bad turn or a tipping point ? The bloodletting was a near-acknowledgment that his presidency is at a tenuous point . The Obama administration 's mismanagement of his signature legislative achievement threatens to sink the rest of his second-term agenda . With more than three years left in office , Obama teeters on the brink of lame-duckedness . But the problem of a tortured second term is not unique to the 44th President . Many before Obama triumphantly won reelection only to be sunk by a scandal , a debacle or a mistake . Obamacare : Now what ? 3 hurdles Obamacare fix must overcome For George W. Bush , public weariness over wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and the debacle over the government 's response to Hurricane Katrina , made his second term seem longer than four years . Bill Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky and his impeachment by the House marked his second term . Those are n't the only instances . Ronald Reagan had the Iran-Contra scandal ; Harry Truman 's final years in office were dominated by the war in Korea and Richard Nixon resigned over Watergate . Related : Most former presidents look better through history 's eyes Such woes have become so commonplace that they are summed up with this moniker : the second-term curse . Gone is the energized A-team When a President first takes office , political and other pros are lining up for jobs . The President can pick from the best and the brightest to make the wheels turn . "  When you come into the White House , that is the moment of great promise , " said Russell Riley , presidential scholar and associate professor at the University of Virginia 's Miller Center . But ultimately the demands of working for a President take their toll and attrition sets in . "  People get worn out , " and leave , Riley said . "  Over time , there tends to be some deterioration in the quality of the team that you are able to put together . " Borger : How could Obama not have known ? Obama : HealthCare.gov needs more than technical fixes Riley points to the Reagan administration as an example . When Reagan was inaugurated in 1981 , he brought with him three confidants who became "  The Troika . " James Baker , Ed Meese and Michael Deaver effectively ran the White House staff and it paid off with reelection and a historic 525 electoral votes in 1984 . But then the team began to fray . Baker became Treasury Secretary and Meese , Attorney General , while Deaver left the White House for lobbying . Under new leadership , Act II of the Reagan White House did not hit on all cylinders . The Iran-Contra affair , in which the Reagan administration was fingered for selling arms to Iran and circumventing a congressional ban by using the proceeds to send arms and money to anti-Communist rebels in Nicaragua , became a huge scandal . "  It was disaster at the White House , " Riley said . "  That is not a mistake you make typically in a first term . It is case where you are trying to juggle the staffing apparatus later on . " Digging for dirt and sensing a lame duck To David Nichols , a presidential historian and expert on President Dwight Eisenhower , the reason for second-term woes is a combination of leverage and time . "  Their leverage on lawmakers in the Congress and with the voters is just inevitably diminished , " Nichols said , pointing out that once Congress begins to smell presidential weakness , they seize on it as a way to speed up the "  lame duck " process . "  The longer Presidents are around and when people get to know you well , they begin to know where your soft spots are and they know what you are good and what you are n't good at , " Nichols said . "  People eventually begin to figure out how to get to the Presidents . That is just a function of the number of years . " To Nichols , this could already be happening with Obama . Cruz talks about ` vindication ' Obamacare enrollment numbers give GOP second wind Republicans in Congress have been attacking Obama since his 2009 inaugural . And while Obama has won some legislative victories , those have been hard fought . The health care law he championed and got with only Democratic support in Congress is off to a rocky start with the public , and Republicans are sensing weakness . Poll : Approval of Obamacare drops And with that , Nichols said , comes Republican dreams of a larger majority in the House , control of the Senate and a pathway to the presidency in 2016 . "  For the opposition party , the more bad stuff they can dig up , the better they make it for themselves in the next election , " Nichols said . "  So tearing down the incumbent is a good way to prepare the way for a change and the American public tends to keep people for a while but quickly push them out . " Clinton 's experience is a good example . While accusations of infidelity plagued Clinton since his time as governor of Arkansas , it was n't until years into his presidency that an accusation of impropriety was able to stick and severely damage him politically . The chickens come home to roost When Obama ran for office in 2008 , he made a number of promises : immigration reform , healthcare , ending wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , dealing with climate change . During his first term , he addressed some of those -- ending the war in Iraq and slowly drawing down the conflict in Afghanistan . His administration also won on Obamacare . 6 things presidents wish they had n't said But the implications of those promises were not felt right away , Riley said . Romney on Obamacare promise : ` It was not honest ' "  You make policy decisions in the first term and because it usually takes a while for these things to mature and to ripen and to get enacted , you can easily be in your fifth year before the full consequences of your first term become apparent , " Riley said . "  When you get to the second term , the days of reckoning appear . " Riley 's point is that when Obama promised to reform the health care system , he and his advisers had to know there was going to be pain involved with executing the law . But as with most administrations , Riley said , the White House also knew those problems were n't going to come about for years . "  Presidents will always make decisions either to defer judgment on something or will make hard decisions , recognizing the consequences wo n't come down on them until after reelection , " Riley said . "  I think it is just a general pattern . " The history of two terms Although two terms is now the law , it was once just a tradition started by George Washington . After serving two terms , Washington declined to run again . "  While choice and prudence invite me to quit the political scene , patriotism does not forbid it , " Washington said , acknowledging he could have run again had he wanted to . He did n't and the tradition was formed and stood until Franklin Roosevelt ran and won four times , dying soon into his final term as World War II was drawing to a close . After FDR , the 22nd Amendment to the Constitution set a two-term limit . Bachmann : ' I lost my insurance under Obamacare '	Obama news conference was a near-acknowledgment his presidency is at pivot point Problems during a second term are n't unique to the 44th President Historian points to staff changes as one cause for second-term drama Two-term presidents are also considered "  lame ducks " by Congress
CNN  -- A new national poll suggests Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich could be on the top of Santa 's naughty list . Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich tops new CNN poll of which politician has been the naughtiest of 2008 . Fifty-six percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday said Blagojevich , who has been arrested on corruption charges , was the naughtiest politician in 2008 . Blagojevich , accused of attempting to sell President-elect Barack Obama 's former Senate seat , has said he has done nothing wrong and plans to fight the allegations . The poll also found 23 percent believed former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer should get the nod , followed by 19 percent for former presidential candidate John Edwards . Spitzer resigned in March after it was revealed he was Client No. 9 in a high-end prostitution ring . In November , prosecutors announced they would not be bringing criminal charges against Spitzer . Edwards , who had been considered a major contender for the Democratic presidential nomination , admitted in August to having an extramarital affair with former campaign staffer Rielle Hunter . The former North Carolina senator also denied he was the father of Hunter 's then-newborn baby . CNN polling director Keating Holland said while Blagojevich 's top spot in the survey may be due to his arrest occurring more recently than the transgressions of the others , there may be another reason . iReport.com : Do you trust your political leaders ? "  Americans typically take a much dimmer view of corruption than of sex scandals , since the former is a violation of the public trust and the latter is usually considered more of a private matter , " he said .	CNN poll : Rod Blagojevich was the naughtiest politician in 2008 Illinois governor accused of trying to sell President-elect Obama 's Senate seat Former Gov. Eliot Spitzer was second in poll , followed by former Sen. John Edwards
CNN  Five full weeks into Aaron Hernandez 's murder trial , prosecutors have called 77 witnesses . Jurors have yet to hear from the former NFL star 's fiancée , Shayanna Jenkins , New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick or owner Robert Kraft . But this week did bring emotional testimony and important developments in the case against Hernandez , who has pleaded not guilty to killing Odin Lloyd in 2013 . Check out some of the key moments you might have missed this week . A DNA analyst from the Massachusetts State Police crime lab said she found that Hernandez 's DNA matched the DNA taken from a marijuana joint found near Lloyd 's body at the crime scene . Lloyd 's DNA also was found on the blunt . The DNA analyst , Diane Biagiotti , testified to finding a partial DNA match from Hernandez on the shell casing found in the dumpster of the Enterprise rental car office . But under cross-examination , lead defense attorney Jamie Sultan got Biagiotti to acknowledge there 's a high likelihood that DNA from chewing gum could have transferred to the shell casing found in the dumpster . The office manager at the rental car office , Keelia Smyth , testified that she put the shell casing and the gum together after finding the items in the Nissan Altima returned by Hernandez on June 17 , 2013 . She said she threw them in the trash bin outside of her office . Inside Hernandez 's downward spiral It was revealed by Sultan that the state never submitted the gum for DNA testing . The state has not yet explained why . We may hear the answer during the state 's redirect of Biagiotti on Monday . Hernandez is seen on surveillance video buying gum , and he also offered some to Smyth . Biagiotti said under cross-examination that it 's highly unlikely to find DNA on any shell casing . One reason is because the heat from the gun wipes away any DNA , she said . The shell casings found at the crime scene did not have enough DNA on them to produce a DNA profile . Hernandez 's family was in court on Friday after a week 's absence . Hernandez 's mother , Terri Hernandez , told CNN ' that she thought Friday "  went very well " for him . Testimony this week also focused on fingerprints from Hernandez and Lloyd that were found inside the rented Nissan Altima . The car also had fingerprints of Ernest Wallace and Carlos Ortiz , who are also charged with killing Lloyd . They have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately . State Trooper David Mackin , a fingerprint expert with the Massachusetts State Police crime scene services , reported finding the fingerprints of Wallace and Ortiz in a Chrysler 300 that Hernandez rented . Prosecutors call it the "  getaway car , " which was ultimately found abandoned in Bristol , Connecticut . But no prints were found on the .22 - caliber gun recovered on the edge of a wooded area near Hernandez 's home . Hernandez is charged with illegal possession of that gun . In addition , no prints were found on any of the shell casings , including the casing found stuck to the blue bubblegum in the dumpster outside the Enterprise office . Another key find : tire treads of the rear passenger tire of the Altima matched a tire impression found at the crime scene , according to court testimony . Shaquilla Thibou , Lloyd 's younger sister and the last family member to see him before he was killed , took the stand Monday . About an hour before his death , she said she watched him get into a silver Nissan Altima as she sat in a friend 's car outside her home . Thibou , who was 19 at the time of her brother 's killing , told jurors that when Lloyd first walked to the car , he opened the front passenger door . He stopped and then opened the back passenger door and entered the car . "  The light came on and there was a shadow in the back seat , " she said . Then she saw the Altima pull away . It was 2:32 a.m. Thirty minutes later , Thibou returned to her home and charged her dead phone . She noticed a text from her big brother . Thibou was not allowed to share with jurors what was said in those texts . The judge ruled there is not enough proof the text message meant Lloyd feared for his life , legally called "  a dying declaration . " That means that the jury did not hear that at 3:07 a.m. , Lloyd texted his sister asking , "  U saw who I 'm with ? " At 3:11 a.m he checked in again , texting "  hello . " Finally , at 3:19 a.m. Thibou answered , "  my phone was dead who was that ? " At 3:22 a.m. , Lloyd responded , "  Nfl . " A minute later , he sent his last text , "  just so u know . " During grand jury testimony , Thibou admitted she thought her brother was bragging . When reliving the moment when police came to her home to tell her family that Lloyd had been shot to death , Thibou began to cry silently , wiping her tears after Assistant District Attorney William McCauley gave her a tissue . During cross-examination , defense attorney Michael Fee introduced a photo of Lloyd taken by Thibou . It showed Lloyd smiling and sitting in the driver 's seat of the black Suburban that Hernandez loaned him . On Wednesday , jurors got an up-close view of the clothes Lloyd was wearing the night he was shot six times . Massachusetts crime lab forensic chemist Sherri Menendez held up Lloyd 's bullet-riddled dark blue Old Navy sweatshirt and then his red plaid shirt . Jurors craned their necks to get a better view of the bullet holes in the sweatshirt . The shirt was stained with blood . Menendez tested the bullet holes for gunshot residue consisting of what she described as burned particles and vaporous lead . During her testing of bullet holes on the front of the sweatshirt , she found both and was able to determine that Lloyd was shot from as close as 3 feet . The autopsy showed the final two shots were fired into his chest while he was laying face up in the ground . Just weeks before Hernandez was arrested and charged with murder , he toured rental apartments with New England Patriot employee Kevin Anderson , real estate agent Barbara Scardino testified Thursday . She said she was initially contacted by Anderson to find some apartments to show Hernandez . He had previously called her to help other Patriot players find homes and apartment rentals , sometimes second residences near Gillette Stadium . This means the Patriot staff knew about Hernandez 's second home . In early May of 2013 , she showed Anderson and Hernandez four apartments . Hernandez settled on the two-bedroom condo in Franklin , Massachusetts , referred to as his "  flophouse . " Hernandez 's home in North Attleboro and his condo in Franklin are each about 15 minutes away from the stadium . Hernandez 's Franklin neighbor , Carol Bailey , also took the stand , telling jurors that she met another man that also stayed in the condo . It was Hernandez 's friend Wallace . Bailey paid close attention to Hernandez and Wallace , seeing them come and go during their short stay there . During her one attempt to talk to Hernandez and say hello , she says he sort of grunted back , calling it a "  nondescript " noise . She also testified that she often heard loud voices that sounded "  locker room-ish " coming from the apartment as well as a strong "  skunk-like " smell seeping into her apartment from their shared wall . After mid-June , she never saw him again . A representative from Sprint , Justin Darrow , started off the week with a light moment . He appeared nervous and stopped to take a moment while answering a question . He then turned to Judge Susan Garsh and apologized . "  It 's a big case . Sorry . " Showing no emotion , Garsh struck the comment from the record . Darrow went on to testify to multiple calls between Sprint cell phone client Ernest Wallace and Odin Lloyd , Aaron Hernandez and Hernandez 's fiancee , Shayanna Jenkins , the night before and morning of Lloyd 's death . Prosecutors say they believe Hernandez was using his fiancee 's phone to call Wallace . Jenkins granted immunity Darrow also explained how cell sites  or towers  in the Sprint network tracked the phone calls , and thus tracked the direction they were driving . Another cell phone representative also testified . T-Mobile engineer Patrick Quinn testified about the data transmissions from Lloyd 's cell phone beginning on June 17 , 2013 , at 2:32 a.m. That 's when Lloyd was picked up outside his home in the Nissan Altima . Data transmissions are the automatic updates that are sent to cell phones . Assistant District Attorney Patrick Bomberg methodically walked Quinn through data transmissions received on Lloyd 's cell phone via multiple cell towers along the route he traveled from Dorchester to the industrial park in North Attleboro . The last cell tower was just 400 yards from Lloyd 's body .	Testimony this week focused on DNA , fingerprints and tire treads Mother tells Susan Candiotti that court "  went very well " for Hernandez Jurors also heard details about cell phone records and cell towers
CNN  -- Fireworks going off inside his own house , a car crash in his first week at Manchester City , throwing a dart at a youth team player and that iconic image of a t-shirt adorned with the words , "  Why always me ? " The English Premier League will miss the crazy antics of Mario Balotelli . The 22-year-old has returned to Italy after signing a four-and-a-half-year deal with AC Milan following an action-packed spell with a club he last season helped end a 44-year wait for the league title . ` Sink or swim for ` Super Mario ' ? He has struggled to regain the form that took Italy to the final of Euro 2012 , where he was the tournament 's joint top scorer with three goals . "  I did n't start the season very well with City so I am coming to Milan to revive myself and to do well , " said the Italy striker , who has completed a return to Serie A in a deal said to be worth around $ 30 million . "  I have wanted to play for Milan for a long time , but I was with other teams . When this chance came along I grabbed it . I hope Milan can become a big club again . " Balotelli was welcomed to the San Siro on Thursday 's transfer deadline day as Milan 's website reported his arrival with the banners "  Yes always you ! " and "  One of us . " It published a roundup of Italian newspaper headlines , one of which read : "  Mamma and Papa wanted him home " -- a reference to Balotelli 's foster parents Silvia and Francesco , who adopted him from his Ghanaian immigrant family at the age of three . Balotelli went to Manchester from Milan 's city rival Internazionale for $ 37.8 million in 2010 , one of several big-money deals funded by the English club 's Abu Dhabi owners . He helped City win the FA Cup that season , its first trophy since 1976 , but his time there was dogged by controversy ever since he crashed his car while en-route to the training ground just days after his arrival . Balotelli tussles with manager Mancini Earlier this month , photographs emerged of him having a "  training ground bust-up " with manager Roberto Mancini . Balotelli endured a love-hate relationship with Mancini , with whom he had previously worked at Inter Milan and who has acted as a father figure for the player . Balotelli said he spoke at length with the 48-year-old before farewelling his City teammates at a meal on Tuesday . "  It was a very emotional for me , " he told City 's website . "  I spoke with Roberto before I went to speak to the players . We spoke for some time about lots of things . He was sad , and I was too . But it was a good conversation . Balotelli settles dispute with Man City "  I love Roberto , he has been very important for my career , and I will always thank him for having trust and faith in me . "  Being at City was an important part of my life and career . I needed to grow up like a player and as a person and it has been a very good experience for me . " Balotelli 's first Premier League goals in November 2010 were overshadowed by a red card , the first of four he would go on to receive during his City career . Balotelli continued to catch attention both on and off the pitch , none more so than in October 2011 after a firework was set off in the bathroom of his home . Time to get tough on racism in football Emergency services were called to deal with that incident which occurred the day before he scored twice in City 's 6-1 win at rival Manchester United and revealed that infamous t-shirt -- and days later he was bizarrely named as the public face of a fireworks safety campaign . He broke a 48-hour curfew to visit a curry restaurant in December 2011 before a game against Chelsea , which was quickly followed by a training-ground bust-up with teammate Micah Richards . Trouble continued to follow Balotelli around and he was given a four-match ban in January 2012 after appearing to stamp on the head of Tottenham 's Scott Parker during a Premier League game . He gatecrashed an Inter Milan press conference in March 2012 when the club was preparing to unveil new manager Andrea Stramaccioni , which was followed with another red card in the game at Arsenal . Balotelli scored just 20 Premier League goals in two years , and his only assist in 54 top-flight appearances famously led to Sergio Aguero 's title-winning strike on the final day of last season .	Mario Balotelli joins AC Milan after leaving Manchester City The 22-year-old signs four-and-a-half-year deal with Italian club He had a troubled time in England , both on and off the pitch Balotelli describes his City career as "  a very good experience "
CNN  It is a message of defiance , but also forgiveness -- and many Muslims responded with similarly mixed emotions . It is a magazine cover depicting the Prophet Mohammed with a tear falling from his cheek , holding a sign that says , "  Je suis Charlie , " the slogan that became a worldwide meme . Above Mohammed are the words "  All Is Forgiven . " On Wednesday , two Muslim extremists attacked the offices of Charlie Hebdo , a French magazine with a history of mocking Mohammed . Twelve were killed , including several top editors , by two men with terrorist connections who said they were avenging the prophet . Many Muslims object to any depictions of Mohammed -- respectful or not -- saying that such images defy his teachings and lead to idolatry . For the secular satirists at Charlie Hebdo , neither of those concerns seemed to matter much . They often lampooned Mohammed , crudely caricaturing him as a backward , foolish figure . It 's not surprising that , in its first issue since the attack , Charlie Hebdo again put Mohammed on the cover . But this time , instead of showing the prophet in an unflattering light , the magazine struck a far different tone -- and was received by some Muslims in a far different way . "  My initial thought is that the cover is a near perfect response to the tragedy , " said Hussein Rashid , a professor of Islamic thought at Hofstra University in New York . "  They are not backing down from the depiction of Mohammed , exercising their free speech rights . At the same time , the message is conciliatory , humble , and will hopefully reduce the anger directed to the Muslim communities of France . " Zineb El Rhazoui , a columnist at Charlie Hebdo magazine who worked on the new issue , told the BBC that the staff did n't want to express hatred toward the terrorists who killed her colleagues . "  The  mobilization  that happened in France after this horrible crime must open the door to forgiveness . Everyone must think about this forgiveness . " Chosen by Charlie Hebdo 's editors on Monday night , the cover was released by Liberation , the French newspaper that is sharing its office space with staffers from the satirical magazine . Many media outlets have republished the cover in a show of solidarity . The issue will hit newsstands this Wednesday in a flood of 3 million copies translated into multiple languages . As the new cover spreads across social media , Muslims responded with a mix of emotions , from wariness to appreciation , from miffed to dismissive . Yahya Adel Ibrahim , an imam in Australia , counseled his 100,000 Facebook followers to follow the example of Mohammed , even if they encounter images that they believe are blasphemous . "  As it is clear that the cartoons are to be published again , Muslims will inevitably be hurt and angered , but our reaction must be a reflection of the teachings of the one we love & are angered for , " Ibrahim said . "  Enduring patience , tolerance , gentleness and mercy was the character of our beloved Prophet . " On Twitter , some Muslims were skeptical that publishing an image that many consider offensive should be construed as an act of solidarity . Other Muslims said they appreciate the magazine 's sentiments . Rashid noted that the cover 's central message -- forgiveness -- resonates not only throughout Islam but through other faiths as well . "  The cover is a call to our better angels , and an acknowledgment that religion also offers good to the world . " Other Muslim leaders criticized the cover . "  That the depiction appears benign is of little consequence because it will be seen as offensive and deliberately provocative , " said Dawud Walid , executive director of the Michigan chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations . There 's nothing in the Quran , Islam 's primary text , about depicting the prophet . But according to the hadith -- stories and sayings attributed to Mohammed and his companions -- he discouraged Muslims from making images of him . Walid said that Charlie Hebdo 's new cover "  will offend many " but noted that "  over 99.999 % of France 's 5 million Muslims acted peacefully when the previous depiction was released . " Yasir Qadhi , an American cleric with a wide following , said he 's not pleased by any depictions of Mohammed , but it 's clear that this Hebdo cover , unlike others , is not meant to make fun of Muslims . Qadhi also said that while he respects the right to free speech , there appears to be a double standard when it comes to what Western society -- and Hebdo -- find suitable for mocking . "  Did you happen to notice any cartoons mocking the death of the cartoonists themselves , and lampooning their work and efforts ? " Qadhi asked . Satire of the type attempted by Charlie Hebdo often serves a valuable end , said Omid Safi , director of Islamic studies at Duke University . But Safi faulted the French magazine for misfiring in its choice of targets . "  I see satire as always having a purpose of mocking the powers that be , hierarchy , power , unearned privileged . So who are we speaking power to today ? " Safi said . "  Sure , violent terrorists . But what about all the other agents of violence , including the state-sponsored ones ? That 's why I do n't find Charlie Hebdo particularly good satire . " Many Muslims seemed content not to comment on Hebdo 's latest depiction of their prophet , or to pay it no mind . "  Let us ignore the provocations and defamation and get about the work of being a source of good and mercy to all we may come into contact with , " Imam Zaid Shakir , a popular cleric and scholar from California , posted on Facebook this week . "  May Allah bless you all and make things easy for you and your families during these trying times . " CNN 's Brian Stelter contributed to this report .	Some Muslims appreciate new Charlie Hebdo cover , while others are dismissive Professor : "  My initial thought is that the cover is a near perfect response to the tragedy " Other Muslim leaders say French magazine misfires in choice of satiric targets
CNN  SpaceX on Tuesday launched a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral , Florida , to the International Space Station . That was the easy part . In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time , the private space exploration company was unsuccessful . SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted : "  Ascent successful . Dragon enroute to Space Station . Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival . " He later clarified that the rocket landed , but tipped over . SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January , but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded . SpaceX has said it will keep trying and , after it masters landing at sea , hopes to someday land rockets on the ground . Usually booster rockets burn up in Earth 's atmosphere or , like NASA 's space shuttle boosters , they fall back into the ocean . So why try to land one ? Musk wants to cut costs . On his company 's website , he says that if anyone can figure out how to "  reuse rockets just like airplanes , the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred . " What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon ? The smaller , top part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in Earth 's atmosphere . The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds  1,950 kilograms  of supplies , including research equipment and ISSpresso , an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea . The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon . They 'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments , trash and other stuff to send back to Earth . When they 're done , Dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean off California . This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station . The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station . Tuesday 's launch was the second attempt for this mission . Monday 's planned launch was scrubbed due to weather . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	SpaceX founder Elon Musk : "  Rocket landed on droneship , but too hard for survival " This was the second attempt at historic rocket booster barge landing Dragon spacecraft will head toward International Space Station on resupply mission
CNN  -- Now that elder statesman Nelson Mandela has passed on , many are wondering how best to honor him . As the scope and breadth of his work was so wide , the answer to that question is likely different for each of us . Nelson Mandela once said , "  To deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity . " With his steadfast conviction to issues of social justice , he is a symbol of the human struggle for justice and equality . Mandela stood up for what he believed in , no matter the cost . He fought against South Africa 's apartheid government and ended up imprisoned . After his release , he immediately plunged himself wholeheartedly into the work of improving others ' lives . In a 2007 interview , South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said of Mandela , "  How God must love South Africa to have given us such a priceless gift . After 27 years of incarceration when most expected you to emerge consumed by bitterness and resentment , lusting for revenge , you bowled us over with your magnanimity , your nobility and generosity of spirit . " Nelson Mandela called on all people to do something , even something small , to make the world a better place . It seems each of us whose lives have been affected by the many causes he so stoically fought for can honor him by carrying on his work in our own way . Here are some ideas : GIVE 67 MINUTES "  Mr Mandela spent 67 years making the world a better place . We 're asking you for 67 minutes . " The United Nations officially declared July 18th , Mandela 's birthday , as Nelson Mandela International Day in 2009 . Mandela Day is a global call to action for people to devote 67 minutes to help others , one minute for every year of Mandela 's public service . There are many ways to make a difference , but the key is to devote those 67 minutes to doing good for others . FIGHT RACISM AND BIGOTRY Mandela spent 27 years in prison because he stood up against apartheid . Human rights and social justice were at the very core of his belief system . To carry on his legacy , teach by example . Take a few minutes to examine prejudices you may have yourself . Make a personal resolution to let go of them . Encourage the people in your life to do the same . Speak out against injustice when you see it . Do n't accept prejudice . Learn to recognize bullying and harassment , be it online or in person . Donate your time and share information about how to stop it with your family , friends , school , church and neighbors . A resource that may help you is StopBullying.gov . You can also fight racism and bigotry by supporting organizations committed to social justice , like Mandela 's own Nelson Mandela Centre of Memory and Amnesty International . HELP INCREASE AIDS/HIV AWARENESS The plight of HIV and AIDS in Africa and throughout the world was of great concern to Mandela . UNAIDS estimated the number of people living with HIV/AIDS in 2011 as 34 million . More than 23 million of those individuals live in Sub-Saharan Africa . In South Africa alone , there are more than 2 million orphans because of HIV/AIDS . Though its mission has since expanded , Mandela 's 46664 organization was originally founded as a global HIV/AIDS awareness and prevention campaign . Organizations with similar goals exist throughout the world . Among them : amFAR , ActionAid International , Keep a Child Alive , Elton John AIDS Foundation , International AIDS Vaccine Initiative , and Medecins Sans Frontiers International . Become active in one of these organizations , become informed about AIDS and HIV , and spread your knowledge to others . Ask someone with AIDS/HIV to come speak at your church or school . Sponsor a family living with HIV/AIDS . Volunteer at a hospital in your area to hold babies stricken with HIV/AIDS . You can get started doing that by visiting the American Hospital Directory online to find a hospital near you , and then ask to speak with the hospital 's volunteer coordinator . IMPROVE LIVES OF YOUNG PEOPLE Mandela loved children , and he wanted all the world 's young people to have opportunities . In a 2000 interview with CNN 's Jim Clancy he said , "  We want every child to have a first-class primary education , and we want the elimination of all preventable diseases in society so that we can say in theory and in practice that we regard our children as the jewels in our society . " Of the more than 2 billion children in the world , 1 billion live in poverty . Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund is dedicated to improving the conditions and lives of children and youth . Other organizations dedicated to helping children are UNICEF , Feed the Children and ChildFund International . Donating your money or time to organizations dedicated to the welfare of children , locally or internationally , is a way to uphold the Mandela legacy . Sponsor a child . Groups like Save the Children and World Vision make it easy to do online . Advocate for young people . Donate goods . Toys for Tots makes it easy for you to find a drop-off location near you , and you can call the Salvation Army at 1-800-SA-TRUCK to schedule a pick-up of your donated goods . PROMOTE LEADERSHIP Mandela knew that young people hold the key to the future , and he wanted them to have the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential . His Mandela Rhodes Foundation is aimed at helping African youth who show academic prowess and leadership potential by offering them scholarships to further their education and build upon their leadership skills . What can you do ? Become involved in an organization with a similar mission such as Big Brothers Big Sisters of America or Boys and Girls Clubs of America . Further , be a role model and become a mentor . MENTOR : The National Mentoring Partnership can link you to organizations in your area looking for mentors , and it can even show you ways to e-mentor . Consider starting your own scholarship program , and nurture and encourage positive attributes you see in young people . Finally , stand up for what you believe in . Nelson Mandela was a man of conviction . No matter what the cause is that is dear to your heart , stand up for it . Advocate for it , and find ways to inspire others to do the same . That 's what Nelson Mandela did . For more on ways to honor Mandela 's charitable legacy go to cnn.com/impact .	Nelson Mandela called on everyone to do something to make the world a better place There are many ways to carry on Mandela 's struggle for justice and equality Mandela fought racism , increased HIV/AIDS awareness and improved the lives of children No matter what the cause is that is dear to your heart , stand up for it because Mandela did
CNN  -- The art of portraiture , once reserved for the rich , the royal and the holy , has found a new mass appeal online . Matt Held is painting 200 Facebook photos and giving them to the subjects . Some avid social-network users are commissioning artists to create small digital images to represent themselves in the online world . Other Internet-savvy people use automated computer programs and Web sites to generate posterized likenesses of themselves . Matt Held , a 38-year-old painter in Brooklyn , New York , has gained Internet celebrity for painting peoples ' Facebook photos and then giving them to his subjects . And some identity researchers are trying to take the online portrait beyond images of people 's faces entirely . All of these efforts underscore the fact that tiny images , often no bigger than a postage stamp , have become stand-ins for peoples ' identities online . On the Web , people can recreate themselves in any way they choose . Unlike in the real world , where portraits are largely reserved for museums and the mantels of self-centered celebrities , online portraits are either free or relatively inexpensive . They 're also essential for effective Internet communication , said Judith Donath , a fellow at Harvard 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society . "  In the physical world , there 's a lot of effort people make in terms of how they look when they go out to walk down the street . Some people spend two hours to get ready going to the grocery store , " she said . "  In the physical world , there 's the actual self , so you 're not entirely dependent on a portrait . " On the Internet , though , people can create their appearance through images they choose to represent themselves , she said . Donath is working with a group of students from the MIT Media Lab to take online portraiture beyond realistic-looking faces . In the future , she says , people will create pictures of themselves with the data trails they leave online . Visit the "  Personas " project and type in your name to see how this might work . Donath said many people online are drawn to the fact that they do n't have to look like the person they are in the real world . But this is also a sticking point in the world of online portraiture , said Dan Schawbel , a personal branding expert and author of a book called "  Me 2.0 . " People should brand themselves online with a single professional photo that they display on all of their social networks so that strangers will be able to identify them , he said . "  Seeing the same thing again and again and again is going to make you remember it , " he said , adding that photographs of human faces are more emotional and memorable than drawings or other obscured representations . Erika Peterman would disagree . The 39-year-old in Tallahassee , Florida , paid $ 100 for local artist Lee Bretschneider to draw a caricature of Peterman as a comic book hero . She uses that image on her blog and on Facebook . "  I do think an illustration is a way to unleash some fantasy aspect of yourself or maybe the way you 'd like other people to see you , " she said . Peterman , who blogs about comics and has read them since she was young , said her stylized comic-book image says something about her and is more compelling than a standard photo . She said she 's not trying to hide anything behind the drawing . "  I look how I look and I 'm not fooling anybody , " she said . "  If the artist had me looking like Halle Berry , that 'd be ridiculous . " Joel Watson , who illustrates an online comic book series from Dallas , Texas , said he 's gotten so many requests from fans asking him to draw avatars for their online social networks that he ca n't keep up with the demand . He said some clients came back to him several times wanting new drawings because they had shaved off their hair or somehow changed their look . Each of these efforts cost $ 50 to $ 100 , he said . Several free Web sites offer to posterize a person 's Facebook or Twitter icons , or let users assemble cartoon versions of themselves . The latest to catch on in a big way is a spin-off of the AMC show "  Mad Men . " On a site called MadMenYourself.com , people create stylized images of themselves as sleek advertising executives from the 1960s , in keeping with the show 's theme . Dyna Moe , the 31-year-old New York artist who created the character components for the site , said at first she was "  creeped out " to see so many computerized versions of her drawings floating around social networks . On Twitter , where tiny square icons stand in for a person 's identity , it also became difficult to tell who some people were because the Mad Men icons all started to look similar , she said . It had a "  hall of mirrors feeling , " she said . The Web site had 8 million viewers the first week it launched , she said . MG Siegler , a blogger at TechCrunch , said his fans and friends found it jarring when he took down a photo from his social networks and replaced it with a "  Mad Men " avatar . "  They 're like , ` Oh , what 's going on here ? Is there some sort of life change that you switched up your icon for ? ' " he said . "  It 's kind of funny that people do very much pay attention to them . I think people start to associate your identity with your -LSB- Twitter -RSB- icon , " he said . Held , the painter in Brooklyn , is completing a series of 200 Facebook portraits . He chooses his subjects from a Facebook fan page called "  I 'll have my Facebook portrait painted by Matt Held , " where more than 6,400 people have signed up . The project struck a surprising chord with people and helped pull him out of a lull in his career , Held said . While people in his paintings can use the images online free , he sells the canvas works in galleries for $ 1,800 , he said . "  Portraiture in itself has always been there , but I want to bring it out to the masses , " he said . "  There are so many people out there with awesome photos and awesome stories who I feel need to be painted . "	The portrait , a centuries-old art form , is finding new life with the masses online Some people pay artists to paint their Facebook profile pictures and Twitter icons Free Web sites generate cartoon pictures of people for use in social media Researcher says portraits are necessary stand-ins for people online
CNN  For thousands of years , man has looked to the stars in search of answers . Who are we ? Why are we here ? Are we alone ? The ethereal nature of the cosmos has brought inspiration to great thinkers throughout history -- Aristotle , Albert Einstein , Carl Sagan to name just a few . Through its profound beauty , the night sky has become a symbol of the possible . Yet , too often , we get so caught up in the daily grind of work , family and friends that we fail to take a moment and appreciate the vast expanse overhead . But not all of us . Across the globe tonight , many will pack a duffel bag . In it : a camera , tripod , flashlights , telescope , perhaps a blanket and maybe some snacks before setting off in search of the perfect location for a late-night photo shoot . Mars Curiosity : Take a look under the hood Among them could be Slovenia-based stargazing enthusiast and photographer , Iztok Medja . "  The stars remind me that we are small and not so important as we think , " he says . "  But it 's not the gear that makes the photo . You have to just love this stuff . And go outside and practice and learn . One day you will get something . " In Kathleen , Georgia , iReporter Greg Hogan tucks his kids in bed before grabbing his camera and stepping out into his front yard . A fairly new stargazer , he 's only been snapping shots of space for the last six months but he 's already besotted . "  I bought a telescope for $ 25 at a yard sale and the first time I saw Saturn 's rings , I was completely hooked , " he says . "  There 's just so much out there that people do n't realize that you can see without the equipment being expensive , if you just slow down a minute and take a peek . " WATCH : Zero gravity training with NASA The skies above us are a fascinating place with endless possibilities and iReporters across the globe are sharing their stories of snapping shooting stars , planets , galaxies , meteor showers and more . Explore the gallery above to view some of the best iReport astrophotography and find out the story behind these dazzling images . Do you have a passion for astrophotography ? Share your photos with iReport and you could be featured on CNN.com . WATCH : Driving Curiosity on the Red Planet	iReporters have sent stunning photos of the night skies You do n't need expensive equipment for impressive results Share your photos with CNN iReport and you could be featured on CNN
CNN  -- Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro is rejoining Juventus after three years at Real Madrid , the Serie A club announced on their Web site on Tuesday . Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro won two Primera Liga titles during his three-year stay at Real Madrid . News of Cannavaro 's return comes less than 24 hours after the Turin-based club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri and replaced him with former player and youth coach Ciro Ferrara . The 35-year-old Cannavaro was voted world player of the year after leading Italy to World Cup glory in 2006 and has helped Real to achieve two title triumphs during his stay in Spain . Cannavaro was in Italy on Monday for a charity match and told the Juventus Web site : "  I am happy to have returned to Turin and to have the opportunity to wear the black and white jersey again . "  I am sorry that for a section of the fans the anger for having been transferred is greater then the appreciation for the glorious seasons which we lived together . "  I am sure that I can convince the most sceptical through my work , professionalism and the passion with which I will face this new adventure " . Defender Cannavaro won two scudetti with Juventus , in 2005 and 2006 , while the side are currently fighting to clinch third place behind champions Inter and their city rivals AC Milan . His one-year contract will come into force as from the start of July and club official Alessio Secco enthused : "  Fabio is a world champion , a golden ball winner and a great team-spirit builder . "  During the Summer of 2006 the club was forced to sell him due to great economic necessities . "  This year we took advantage of the natural expiration of Cannavaro 's contract to bring him back to Turin and we are sure that his technical abilities will help Juventus become more competitive " . Cannavaro left Juventus after the club had been relegated to Serie B following the match-fixing allegations that rocked Italian football . He was born in Naples and played for them for three seasons before joining Parma where he won the UEFA Cup and two Italian Cups over a seven year period from 1995 . Cannavaro , who has 124 caps for Italy , left Parma to join Inter Milan in 2002 but after only two seasons moved on to Juventus . New coach Ferrara is determined to take Juve straight into next season 's Champions League group stage and said on Monday : "  I think the players need to understand that we 're in a tight spot . "  They need to rediscover the right motivation to tackle our last two matches with the right attitude . The players need to rediscover their pride and the right motivation . "	Italy captain Fabio Cannavaro rejoining Juve after three years at Real Madrid News comes less than 24 hours after the club sacked coach Claudio Ranieri Defender Cannavaro , 35 , won two scudetti with Juventus , in 2005 and 2006
Guatemala City , Guatemala  CNN  -- A Guatemalan judge Thursday declined to grant former dictator Efrain Rios Montt amnesty from genocide charges , paving the way for a trial . Montt 's defense team had filed a motion seeking amnesty last week . The judge argued that the country 's 1996 National Reconciliation Law , which coincided with the end of the country 's civil war , does not guarantee amnesty for those accused of human rights abuses . Secondly , the judge said , Guatemala is party to international treaties that obligate it to prosecute crimes of genocide . Rios Montt ruled Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 . He came to power in a coup and led a military junta while Guatemala was in a bloody civil war between the army and leftist guerrillas . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . Prosecutors argued that Rios Montt was aware of the repressive strategies that the military was using against anyone suspected of being a guerrilla , such as killings , forced disappearances and kidnappings , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The human rights abuse and genocide allegations against him come from his "  scorched earth " campaign to root out insurgents in provinces heavily populated by indigenous populations . He is accused of being responsible for the deaths of more than 1,700 Mayan residents . During his rule , there were massacres in these provinces in which , according to the Guatemalan truth commission , between 70 % and 90 % of some villages were razed . The commission found that during this and other periods of the civil war , there were also reported cases of rape , especially of Mayan women . Journalist Maria Renee Barillas contributed to this report .	Efrain Rios Montt will face a genocide trial as planned He had asked the court for amnesty During his rule , there were massacres in provinces with heavy indigenous populations
CNN  -- Macedonia is "  frustrated " by Greece 's efforts to block its European Union membership over a longstanding identity dispute , the country 's Prime Minister has said . In an interview with CNN , Macedonian Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski said that Greece is "  very successful " in making the Balkan nation look "  guilty " over the use of the word "  Macedonia " in its state name . "  Greece is not ready to make a compromise ... so we can not solve the issue , " he said . Gruevski said the Greek government is "  rejecting " Macedonia 's advances to open talks and revealed that he tried to contact Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras , but his offers were rejected . Gruevski added : "  The international law is on our side and I believe that if Greece decides to respect international law , we can start the negotiations with the EU and we can join NATO immediately . " The name dispute between the two countries has rumbled on since Macedonia gained independence from Yugoslavia in 1991 leading to a U.N. accord signed by both parties four years later . The disagreement centers around the use of the name Macedonia as well as symbols and figures used by the FYROM : these are traditionally considered part of Greek culture from the period when the region was part of ancient Greece . The most prominent of these figures is Alexander the Great , Greek king of Macedon , who went on to forge one of the largest empires of the ancient world . In 2011 , the Macedonian government unveiled a 39 ft statue of the legendary leader in the central square of the nation 's capital , Skopje . The International Court of Justice in The Hague ruled in 2011 that Greece was wrong to block Macedonia 's bid to join NATO in 2008 . The ICJ said : "  Greece , by objecting to the admission of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia -LSB- FYROM -RSB- to NATO , has breached its obligation " to a 1995 Interim Accord not to block Macedonian applications made under its current name . In response to Gruevski 's claims , Konstantinos Koutras , spokesman for the Greek Ministry of Foreign Affairs , told CNN that a number of Samaras ' predecessors had met with the Macedonian Prime Minister , but that they were simply "  photo opportunities and a faÃ § ade . " Koutras said : "  A whole generation in FYROM is being poisoned with bitter feelings against Greece , which is branded as the culprit for all evils their country is being faced with . " He added : "  If Skopje had shown equal degree of commitment , the name issue would have been settled . " When asked whether the government would consider removing "  Macedonia " from its name , Gruevski said : "  There are many parts of this problem ... if there is a dialogue , I believe we can find a solution . " But Kurt Volker , former U.S. permanent representative to NATO , told CNN that while modifying the name is possible , taking "  Macedonia " out of the name completely is not under discussion . Volker said : "  I think that the Macedonians have moved quite far and I think that they are prepared to make an agreement on a modified name for the country for the purposes of being recognized in international organizations . " However , he added : "  That does n't go as far as the Greeks have insisted . They wanted to change everything including for the Macedonians to change their constitution . That 's just pie in the sky , that 's never going to happen . " Macedonia submitted its application to join the EU in 2004 but is yet to open negotiations with legislators over EU status . EU membership would give Macedonia -- a country of just 2.1 million people according to Eurostat -- access to the world 's largest trading bloc and representation at the European institutions in Brussels . Macedonia already has free trade agreements with a number of non-EU countries including Switzerland , Norway , Turkey and Ukraine in addition to states within Europe 's economic and political union . According to an assessment by the European Commission , Macedonia "  sufficiently " meets the political criteria to open negotiations . Peter Stano , spokesman for European Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fule , told CNN that the Brussels-based legislature has recommended for five years in a row to open accession negotiations with Macedonia . He added : "  Together we are stronger , and especially in the Western Balkans , we contribute to the reconciliation among nations and to guaranteeing peace and reinforcing stability in a region marked by conflicts in a not so distant past . " Gruevski said that membership for all countries in the Balkans will provide "  long term stability " to the region and ultimately attract more foreign investment . "  Personal income tax is 10 % , profit tax is 10 % . The other taxes are also very low , so as a package we are offering the best tax package to the companies that are coming . " With low inflation and growth forecast at 2.8 % this year , Macedonia could represent a significant opportunity for investors looking to tap southeast Europe . Asked whether Macedonia would have to raise taxes if they gained entry into the EU , Gruevski said : "  We will try not to go up but when the time comes we will see . " Watch more : Is Ireland Europe 's comeback kid ? Watch more : Stark reality for Malta 's asylum seekers Read more : Malta can not help migrants Read more : Estonia : The little country with big ideas	The dispute over Macedonia 's state name with Greece began when the country gained independence in 1991 In 2011 the International Court of Justice ruled that Greece was wrong to block Macedonia 's bid to NATO in 2008 Macedonia already "  sufficiently " meets the political criteria to open negotiations , according to European Commission
CNN  -- Environmentalists are encouraged by President Barack Obama 's focus this week on renewable energy and stricter emissions standards , although some economists are skeptical he can pull the country out of the recession while cleaning up the planet . President Barack Obama with Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood and EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson . Obama must strike a careful balance between stimulating the economy in the coming months and investing in the long-term future of the environment , said Raj Chetty , professor of economics at the University of California , Berkeley . "  If you spend money too quickly , you lose site of the long-term vision , " Chetty told CNN . "  If you focus too much on the long term , you may not act on spending money . " Framing his remarks with an eye on the recession , the president on Monday announced a plan for "  a new energy economy that will build millions of jobs . " Obama proposes to put 460,000 Americans to work through clean energy investments , increasing fuel efficiency in vehicles and reducing greenhouse gas emissions . By 2025 , the Obama administration hopes one-fourth of the nation 's energy will come from renewable sources . Over the long term , the president hopes to create millions of new jobs by investing $ 150 billion in taxpayer money to help private companies develop new sources of clean energy , such as wind , solar and geothermal power . It 's about time , say scientists who often clashed with former President George W. Bush on environmental policy . "  By repowering our nation with clean energy , we will create millions of jobs that ca n't be sent overseas . By harnessing the energy of the sun and wind , we can refuel our nation and end our addiction to oil , " said Wesley Warren , director of programs for the Natural Resources Defense Council . Environmental scholars , however , say the changes Obama seeks are not easy . "  These technologies are not new . They have been around for 10 to 15 years , " said Bill Chameides , dean of the Nicholas School of Environment at Duke University . "  Government can push new policies , but it has to prove to be economically competitive or else it will not happen . " "  It is going to require massive investments , " said Joseph Romm , former acting assistant secretary of energy under the Clinton administration and senior fellow at the Center for American Progress . "  The only question is , are we going to be the leader and export our technologies or a follower and continue importing our resources ? " Some economists question whether spending government money on new energy technologies is the best way to stimulate the economy in the short term . Opponents of Obama 's proposals say renewable energy would be expensive , take up large amounts of land , and might not even be able to generate sufficient energy given the aging infrastructure of the nation 's electric grid . "  If the private sector will not invest in these technologies , it will not be efficient , " said Alan Reynolds , senior fellow at the Cato Institute . "  Creating jobs by switching from one form of energy to another is a bad idea , " he added . "  You do n't need subsidies for anything that is free . Getting a $ 7,000 rebate on a $ 100,000 plug-in electrical hybrid that gets its power from a coal plant does n't make a lot of sense . " Several events in Washington this week underscored the Obama administration 's commitment to environmental issues . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday named a special envoy to pursue global agreements combating global warming . On Wednesday , former Vice President Al Gore urged Congress to approve Obama 's stimulus package and said the United States needs to join international talks on a climate-change treaty . "  For years our efforts to address the climate crisis have been undermined by the idea that we must chose between our planet and our way of life , between our moral duty and economic well-being these are false choices , " Gore told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . "  In fact , the solutions to the climate crisis are the same solutions that will address our economic and national crisis as well . " Obama may have science on his side . By overwhelming consensus , scientists agree that our warming planet poses a greater global threat with every passing day . The replacement of current technology with energy generated from natural resources , such as sunlight and wind , could help reduce CO2 emissions by 50 percent by 2050 , according to the International Energy Agency . "  Frankly the science is screaming at us , " said Sen. John Kerry , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , at Wednesday 's hearing . "  Carbon dioxide emissions grew at a rate of four times faster in the Bush administration than they did in the 1990s . " Even so , experts agree the faltering economy will complicate any discussion about investment in clean energy . "  The country is running two deficits , " said David Orr , a professor of environmental studies and politics at Oberlin College , "  the economy in the short term , which will take one to five years to figure out -LSB- and -RSB- the environment in the long term , which if we do n't do anything about it will see catastrophic effects . "	Environmentalists are encouraged by President Obama 's focus on renewable energy Some economists are skeptical he can fix the economy and the planet at once Scholar : Obama can push new policies , but they must be economically competitive President announced a plan for "  a new energy economy " that will build jobs
CNN  -- The nickname was meant as a joke , a little needle from Marvel Comics mainstay Stan Lee to artist Jack Kirby . Jack Kirby drew himself surrounded by his creations , including Captain America and the Fantastic Four . But more than a decade after Kirby 's death , the name still fits : He is "  The King . " Consider some of the heroes Kirby helped create , many of which now pervade pop culture : The Fantastic Four , the X-Men , the Hulk , Iron Man , Captain America . His distinctive action-packed style became the model for many comic-book artists . When he died in 1994 , artist Gary Panter did a two-page spread in The New Yorker as a tribute . Michael Chabon dedicated his Pulitzer Prize-winning novel about two comic book creators , "  The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay , " to Kirby . Not bad for a guy whose chosen medium was looked down upon for decades . "  Jack ... was a brilliant man and an incredibly hard-working man , " said Mark Evanier , author of the new "  Kirby : King of Comics "  Abrams  , a lavishly illustrated biography of the artist . "  He produced an incredible volume of work . " Gallery : The work of Jack Kirby " It 's not surprising that Marvel 's art -- and those it influenced -- would start to look distinctly Kirby-esque , Marvel artist Herb Trimpe said at a Kirby panel in February . "  Everyone was so influenced by him -- his work was so powerful and unique -- that it was inevitable . " Kirby was born Jacob Kurtzberg in New York and grew up on Manhattan 's Lower East Side , where his adventures with gangs would later filter into many of his heroes . In particular , the rough-and-tumble Ben Grimm , also known as the Thing of the Fantastic Four , was a self-caricature , Evanier observes . After short stints at a newspaper syndicate and as an animator , he ended up at Marvel 's predecessor , Timely Comics , where he and partner Joe Simon created Captain America , a huge hit during World War II . With Captain America came some of Kirby 's comic book innovations , Evanier says . Comic books , which had started as reprints of newspaper comic strips , had adhered to that form 's look of repetitious boxes . Kirby and Simon used different-sized panels , varying shapes , even full pages . "  They kind of invented things that made comic books different than strips , " Evanier said . They realized they "  had the whole page to play with . ... They 'd take three or four pages for a single action scene . " Simon and Kirby went to Timely rival DC and then formed their own studio after serving in World War II . The popular genres then were crime and horror comics , and Simon-Kirby created a handful , including the dramatically named "  Justice Traps the Guilty . " They also pioneered the romance genre , juxtaposing Kirby 's innately thrilling style with primly dressed women and men in neat suits and sweaters . But while competitors like E.C. Comics dangled severed heads on their covers , Kirby and Simon opted for a lower key . "  They kept it tamer , deliberately , " Evanier said . "  Jack did n't like the gory stuff . " Ironically , the one area in which Kirby was willing to draw blood , so to speak , was with war comics : The cover of a 1954 title , "  The Guys in the Foxhole , " pictures a heavily bandaged soldier writing a letter home , with the obvious aftermath of a battle behind him . "  The Guys in the Foxhole " was n't the kind of comic to be approved by the Comics Code Authority , the organization set up to placate authorities railing against the crime and horror comics , and soon it -- and dozens of other titles -- were out of business . Kirby bounced around for a few years . Then , back at the company soon to be named Marvel , he and Stan Lee created the Fantastic Four in 1961 . As Evanier writes , the heroic quartet "  had uncommon depth and personality " for comic book personalities . That kind of humanity would become the mainstay of the Lee-Kirby work and what many still think of as a golden age of comics created by them and other Marvel talents , including Steve Ditko and John Romita . Heroes were born one after another : Thor  1962  , Spider-Man  1962  , Iron Man  1963  , the X-Men  1963  , Daredevil  1964  . In "  Kirby : King of Comics , " Evanier notes that from 1962 to 1964 alone , Kirby drew more than 3,000 pages and 285 covers . He was a workhorse , and he was becoming famous , but he was n't becoming rich . "  Jack was not a good businessman , " Evanier said . "  He did n't take a week off ; he was a Depression-era kid . And he was terrified of not having a weekly paycheck . " When Evanier met Kirby in 1970 -- he served as Kirby 's assistant for two years -- "  he was as successful as you could be in comics , but he was n't particularly well-paid . " Kirby left Marvel in 1970 , not long after the company was sold .  The garrulous Stan Lee , who was assumed by the new owners to be the company 's creative genius , stayed on .  Kirby went to DC for a few years , but the company "  did n't give him much better terms , " Evanier said . But as new generations discovered comic books , they discovered Jack Kirby , defending him amid the corporate takeovers and boosting his spirits . He got some of his work back -- rights issues plagued him -- and he never lost his creative power .  However , with great power comes great responsibility : Kirby did n't drive a car , Evanier said , "  because with his mind going , he 'd run off the road . Most people 's minds go from A to B to C ; Jack 's mind went from A to K to W. " Kirby was matter-of-fact about his talent ; he loved to draw , and he tried to treat his readers with respect . "  I do n't think the average reader believes in fairy tales , and I 've never given them fairy tales , " Kirby once said . "  Yes , I 've given them fictionalized drama , but this is drama that is enacted by real people . " Fourteen years after his death , his power continues to radiate . "  When I go to comics conventions , I walk around , and there 's Kirby everywhere , " Evanier said . "  And I 'm constantly encountering people who tell me what Jack meant to them . " Though he did n't leave his widow with a fortune , as he had hoped , he left a reputation as a good man and a great artist . He may even , Evanier says , have had a little bit of the superhero about him . "  He took the comic book to a different level , " the author said . "  There was a very positive force of energy around him . " E-mail to a friend	Jack Kirby helped create many famed superheroes Kirby 's energetic drawing style influenced generations of comic book artists The incredibly prolific Kirby is now considered a towering figure in comic books
CNN  -- More French troops are on their way to the Central African Republic ahead of a United Nations Security Council vote on peacekeepers for the nation ravaged by persistent violence , sources in the African Union mission to the Central African Republic told CNN on Wednesday . The additional troops are coming through Cameroon while military supplies have already been flown into Bangui , the capital of the Central African Republic , the sources said . Late last month , France pledged to send 1,000 more troops to add to the 400 already there . The current troops in the nation , it says , are there in a noncombat mission to protect French nationals and help secure the airport in the capital . An African Union force is already in the nation . The U.N. has suggested its peacekeeping force should eventually augment the African-led mission . That potential force could number about 6,000 troops and 1,700 police personnel , the U.N. says . A vote should take place this week , officials have indicated . France to send 1,000 more troops to Central African Republic Former leader Gen. Francois Bozize fled the country in March after a coup led by rebel leader Michel Djotodia . A transitional government was put in place , headed by Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye , but the country continues to be wracked by unrest , and new elections have yet to be held . The landlocked nation in central Africa is home to about 5 million people . It declared independence from France in 1960 and has since been under the leadership of presidents or emperors . Despite vast resources , including gold , timber , diamonds and uranium , it 's among the poorest nations in the world . Opinion : Why Central African Republic is slipping close to catastrophe Central African Republic : What 's going on , what 's at stake , what 's next CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	The Central African Republic government is under control of former rebel leaders U.N. set to authorize peacekeepers for the country French troops there already act as a security force for French nationals The nation was a French colony until 1960 and is one of the poorest on Earth
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A suicide bomber drove a car packed with explosives into a convoy carrying a Qatari delegation in Mogadishu Sunday , killing at least eight people and wounding seven , authorities and witnesses said . Farah Hassan , who witnessed the aftermath of the attack , said those killed were all bystanders at the busy intersection in Somalia 's capital . Earlier reports about the attack said Somalia 's interior minister was traveling in the convoy , but the minister 's office said he was not there . Somali prime minister spokesman Ahmed Adan and District Commissioner Abdi Warsame said no one in the convoy was hurt in the attack . The radical Islamist group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the bombing , and said six soldiers were killed and nine wounded . "  The mujahideen have today carried out a martyrdom operation in Mogadishu , targeting Somali interior minister convoy , " the militant group posted on a pro-Al-Shabaab website . Several principal roads in and around the capital were locked down by government troops in recent days amid threats by Al-Shabaab to launch deadly attacks . The site of Sunday 's suicide bombing was just reopened a day ago . Emergency vehicles , sirens wailing , rushed to the gruesome scene , where incinerated bodies and body parts were strewn across the road . The wounded , some of them seriously injured , were rushed to the hospital . A bulldozer sifted through the rubble , which covered most of the street . "  What have they done to us ? " one woman wailed . The latest attack comes two days ahead of a conference on Somalia in London , where Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud is expected to present his plans to rebuild the military and the country as a whole , as well as solicit international support . Al-Shabaab has waged several recent attacks in Somalia . Last month , at least 10 heavily armed militants forced their way into a court building in Mogadishu , killing 29 people , sources said . In that attack , some assailants detonated explosives while others exchanged fire with government security officers , witnesses said . At least nine members of Al-Shabaab were also killed , the sources said . Somalia 's president has called the uptick in strikes "  nothing but a sign of desperation by the terrorists , " saying the militants "  are in complete decline . " Somalia 's government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , has been battling Islamist guerrillas for years . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report	NEW : Eight people were killed in the suicide bombing , officials say The Somali interior minister was not with the delegation , his office says The Islamist militia Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack The radical group has staged several other recent attacks in the nation
Arizona 's SB1062 has pulled off a sort of political magic trick , in that warring sides can read the bill 's text and have not only different reactions , but completely opposite ones . While proponents of gay rights dub the bill oppressive , those in favor of the bill becoming law say it represents freedom . Freedom vs. oppression : That 's the polar contrast Gov. Jan Brewer must consider as she sits down to "  listen to both sides " this week ahead of her decision whether to sign or veto the bill that has divided her state and drawn national and commercial interests into the fray . Brewer has until Saturday to make her call , and her fellow Republicans in the state Legislature have suggested that a veto is likely . In short , SB1062 would amend the existing Religious Freedom Restoration Act , allowing business owners to deny service to gay and lesbian customers so long as proprietors were acting solely on their religious beliefs . The bill 's advocates insist that those claiming SB1062 amounts to bigotry and discrimination have hijacked and misrepresented its aims . What 's your take on the issue ? "  The attacks on SB1062 show politics at its absolute worse . They represent precisely why so many people are sick of the modern political debate . Instead of having an honest discussion about the true meaning of religious liberty , opponents of the bill have hijacked this discussion through lies , personal attacks , and irresponsible reporting , " said Cathi Herrod , president of the Center for Arizona Policy , which lent a hand in scribing the bill . Kellie Fiedorek , an attorney for the Alliance Defending Freedom , which also helped craft the bill , called SB1062 a "  balancing test " that would protect all religions and sexual orientations while prohibiting Arizonans from "  coercing someone to violate their sincerely held beliefs . " "  This bill has nothing to do with discrimination . It 's protecting basic freedoms that belong to everyone , " she said , explaining that it would protect a gay photographer 's decision not to work for Westboro Baptist Church , or Muslims who do n't want to sell "  pork sandwiches on a Saturday . " Brewer has a history A dreadnought of the conservative cause , Brewer rarely shies from controversy and , often in the face of staunch political and economic backlash , has boldly defended her stances on the economy , gun rights , regulation , taxation , immigration and even wagging her finger in the face of President Barack Obama . "  I do n't rely a whole lot on my gut because I have to look at what  the bill  says and what the law says and take that information and do the right thing , " she said from the National Governors Association 's winter meeting in Washington . "  I will do the right thing for the state of Arizona . " But since Thursday , when the state House of Representatives OK 'd the bill by a 33-27 margin and sent it to Brewer 's desk , what 's right for Arizona has become somewhat amorphous . Already , three GOP senators who voted in favor of SB1062 , including a co-sponsor , Sen. Bob Worsley , have changed their minds . The bill passed the state Senate 17-13 with the "  yea " votes of the three senators . "  While our sincere intent in voting for the bill was to create a shield for all citizens ' religious liberties , the bill has instead been mischaracterized by its opponents as a sword for religious intolerance . These allegations are causing our state immeasurable harm , " Worsley and Sens. Adam Driggs and Steve Pierce said in a letter sent to Brewer on Monday . "  As Arizona leaders we feel it is important to loudly proclaim that we strongly condemn discrimination in any form , " the letter said . Backlash bubbles up The National Football League , which has scheduled Super Bowl XLIX for the Phoenix suburb of Glendale next year , has a like stance , and league spokesman Brian McCarthy issued a Monday statement to that effect , saying , "  We are following the issue in Arizona and will continue to do so should the bill be signed into law , but will decline further comment at this time . " The state 's own Super Bowl Host Committee was more blunt in its statement , which said it strives to promote "  economic vitality " and "  adoption of this legislation would not only run contrary to that goal but deal a significant blow to the state 's economic growth potential . We do not support this legislation . " A few Fortune 500 companies concur , as Marriott warned Brewer in a letter that the legislation "  would have profound negative impacts on the hospitality industry , " and American Airlines CEO Doug Parker told the governor that signing the bill "  would jeopardize all that has been accomplished so far . " Apple , which is building a glass plant in Mesa that 's slated to create hundreds of jobs , said Monday that it , too , was urging Brewer to veto SB1062 . The state Chamber of Commerce and Greater Phoenix Economic Council have come out against the bill as well , and local businesses in Tucson and Phoenix have also taken strong stances . Scott Koehler of Phoenix FASTSIGNS has printed off dozens of signs saying "  Open for business to everyone , " which he 's giving away to businesses . In Tucson , Rocco 's Little Chicago Pizzeria took to its Facebook page to post a photo of a sign reading , "  We reserve the right to refuse service to Arizona legislators . " But while opposition to the bill has been loud -- and has included the condemnations of John McCain and Jeff Flake , the state 's Republican U.S. senators -- there are those who say the bill is vital in a nation that has increasingly turned hostile toward religion . Whom does it protect ? Said the Center for Arizona Policy 's Herrod , "  Simply put , the fear-mongering from opponents is unrelated to the language of the bill , and proves that hostility towards people of faith is very real . It 's a shame we even need a bill like this in America . But growing hostility against freedom in our nation , and the increasing use of government to threaten and punish its own citizens , has made it necessary . " State Sen. Al Melvin , a hopeful to succeed Brewer , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper that Arizona was a "  people friendly " state and that SB1062 was merely a "  pre-emptive " measure that would prevent attacks on religion in the future . "  All of the pillars of society are under attack in the United States : the family , the traditional family , traditional marriage , mainline churches , the Boy Scouts , you name it , " he said . Asked if he could cite specific examples of attacks on Arizonans ' freedom of religion , Melvin replied , "  Not now , no , but what about tomorrow ? " Pressed further about whether the bill could be used to deny service to divorcees or unwed mothers on religious grounds , he scoffed . "  I think you 're being farfetched , " he told Cooper . "  Who would discriminate against them ? I 've never heard of discrimination against people like that . ... I do n't know of anybody in Arizona that would discriminate against a fellow human being . " Arizona constitutionally outlawed same-sex marriages in 2008 , and legal experts say nothing in present Arizona law would prevent a business owner from discriminating against gays and lesbians , making SB1062 unnecessary . Brewer alluded to these provisions in an interview after SB1062 was passed last week . "  I think anybody that owns a business can choose who they work with or who they do n't work with , " she said . While Arizonans on both sides of the issue , as well as the nation at large , keep keen eyes on Phoenix as Brewer ponders her decision , the governor has hinted that the issue , for her , may come down to whether the ban or protection of freedom -- depending on how you view it -- needs to be enshrined in state law . "  I do n't know that it needs to be statutory . In my life and in my businesses , if I do n't want to do business or if I do n't want to deal with a particular company or person or whatever , I 'm not interested . That 's America . That 's freedom . "	Gov. Jan Brewer to decide by Saturday whether to sign SB1062 into law While debate has raged over the bill , Arizona Republicans say veto is likely NFL , American Airlines , Apple , Marriott among those decrying the legislation Bill 's proponents says SB1062 has been hijacked , misrepresented
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Congress is looking into allegations that National Security Agency linguists have been eavesdropping on Americans abroad . Government linguists say the U.S. eavesdropped on Americans , including military officers serving in Iraq . The congressional oversight committees said Thursday that the Americans targeted included military officers in Iraq who called friends and family in the United States . The allegations were made by two former military intercept operators on a television news report Thursday evening . A terrorist surveillance program instituted by the Bush administration allows the intelligence community to monitor phone calls between the United States and overseas without a court order -- as long as one party to the call is a terror suspect . Adrienne Kinne , a former U.S. Army Reserves Arab linguist , told ABC News the NSA was listening to the phone calls of U.S. military officers , journalists and aid workers overseas who were talking about "  personal , private things with Americans who are not in any way , shape or form associated with anything to do with terrorism . " David Murfee Faulk , a former U.S. Navy Arab linguist , said in the news report that he and his colleagues were listening to the conversations of military officers in Iraq who were talking with their spouses or girlfriends in the United States . According to Faulk , they would often share the contents of some of the more salacious calls stored on their computers , listening to what he called "  phone sex " and "  pillow talk . " Both Kinne and Faulk worked at the NSA listening facility at Fort Gordon , Georgia . They told ABC that when linguists complained to supervisors about eavesdropping on personal conversations , they were ordered to continue transcribing the calls . NSA spokeswoman Judith Emmel said the agency 's Inspector General has investigated some of the allegations and found them "  unsubstantiated . " Other accusations are still being looked at , she said . The NSA operates in "  strict accordance with U.S. laws and regulations , " she said . "  Any allegation of wrongdoing by employees is thoroughly investigated " and if misconduct is discovered , "  we take swift and certain remedial action . " CIA Director Mike Hayden , who was the head of the NSA when the terrorist surveillance program began , has always maintained that private conversations of Americans are not intercepted and if it should happen inadvertently , the name is removed from the record . "  At NSA , the law was followed assiduously , " said Hayden 's spokesman , Mark Mansfeld . "  The notion that Gen. Hayden sanctioned or tolerated illegalities of any sort is ridiculous on its face . " Author Jim Bamford was the first to interview the two former NSA linguists for his new book , "  The Shadow Factory , " which will be published next week . Bamford told CNN the accounts from the whistle-blowers demonstrate the NSA was listening to the private conversations of Americans , transcribing them and keeping them . "  They do n't delete them , " he said . Bamford has written two other books on the NSA and was a party to an unsuccessful ACLU lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of the Terrorist Surveillance Program . The ACLU issued a statement on Thursday saying the allegations show that the government "  misled the American public about the scope of its surveillance activities . " The ABC report "  is an indictment not only of the Bush administration , but of all of those political leaders , Democratic and Republican , who have been saying that the executive branch can be trusted with surveillance powers that are essentially unchecked , " said ACLU official Jamell Jaffer . Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , called the allegations "  extremely disturbing . " "  Anytime there is an allegation regarding abuse of the privacy and civil liberties of Americans , it is a very serious matter , " said Rockefeller , adding that his committee is prepared to take whatever action is necessary to ensure the government is following the strict procedures to protect U.S. citizens against unwarranted surveillance . A House Intelligence Committee spokesman said the panel has been in contact with the NSA and is awaiting the agency 's response .	Ex-Army Reserves Arab linguist said the U.S. government listened to private calls Another linguist said NSA eavesdropped on ` pillow talk ' conversations U.S. surveillance program allows calls related only to terrorism to be monitored Linguists said that when they complained , they were told to keep listening
CNN  -- Ghassan Hitto once held court as an information technology manager in a safe Texas office . Now he 's halfway across the world , in charge of a corner of hell . Hitto is the new head of the Syrian opposition 's interim government . He 'll use his ample and savvy management experience -- honed by his years as an executive in the IT field in Dallas and his activist work for his native Syria and Muslims -- to administer the large swaths of territory seized by rebels from the Bashar al-Assad government during the raging civil war . People who 've worked with Hitto are proud of his achievement and say he 'll do well . Oday Shahin , a Muslim community leader in Dallas , said he thinks Hitto will seize the day during a "  historic moment " for war-torn Syria . That 's because he 's sharp , forthright , passionate , inspiring , well-respected and a "  consensus leader . " "  He 's one of those executives in a board room that impress you . He knows what he 's talking about , " Shahin said . "  He 's sacrificing his career . He 's sacrificing his family . He 's sacrificing his safety . " Hitto 's life straddles the Middle East and the United States . He is a dual citizen of the United States and Syria . Born in Damascus in 1963 , Hitto spent much of his school and working life in the United States , first in Indiana and most recently in Texas . He earned a bachelor 's degree in computer science and mathematics from Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis and then a master 's in business administration from Indiana Wesleyan University . For more then a decade , he worked as a senior executive at an IT firm in Dallas . 2 years into Syrian uprising , revolutionaries on dreams , cost A passionate U.S. activist He 's married to Suzanne Hitto and they have four children . One of his sons , Obaida , has worked for the opposition in Syria and was hurt in a bombing there . Ghassan Hitto supports the efforts of his son , who had been intent on going to law school but decided to help families in Syria . "  My son Obaida consulted me at the beginning of the revolution , asking me to allow him to enter Syria to participate in the relief and first-aid work . With the difficulty of this situation , I agreed without hesitation . " "  Now he is working with his fellow revolutionaries to transfer facts and to help people in distress and I am proud of him . Of course I wish from the almighty God to bring him safe to me and to return all Syrian youths safely to their families unharmed and victors , " Hitto said recently . During his years in Texas , Hitto was active in community affairs , working as a board member at a Muslim school , Brighter Horizons Academy , and the Islamic Service Foundation , a nonprofit "  dedicated to establishing an educational institution conducive to an Islamic environment . " His wife teaches English at the academy and three of his children are graduates . The academy said that Hitto 's "  management and leadership skills " helped the groups and fostered their successes . "  During his time as a volunteer , we saw him as a practical man with great management experience . He was always open minded and open to debate . He conducted himself with the highest honesty and integrity , " the academy said in a statement . "  His talent for bringing people together for the common good will be missed in our community . ... His management and leadership skills benefited our organizations tremendously , " the academy said . As the Arab Spring unfolded two years ago , Hitto threw himself into Syrian activism . He was a founder of the Syrian American Council , the Coalition of Free Syria and the Shaam Relief Foundation . "  Mr. Hitto was a pioneer to raise funds to send direly needed humanitarian aid to Syrians , as well as raise awareness of the events happening in Syria , " the Shaam Relief Foundation said in a statement . When he visited the region , he got involved with the opposition Syrian National Coalition and became the opposition 's humanitarian aid commissioner , charged with allocating and distributing relief in the areas seized from the al-Assad government , Shaam Relief said . Several months ago , he took a leave of absence from his IT work in Texas to focus on working with the National Coalition 's Assistance Coordination Unit . That entity is responsible for forging ties with nongovernment organizations and increasing the flow of Syria-bound aid . At a protest last year in Texas , Walk for the Child of Syria , Hitto 's passion against the al-Assad government was on bold display . He spoke proudly of his son 's activities in the Syrian area of Deir Ezzor and passed along Obaida 's perspective about the citizens ' morale . He described the government 's violence against children , and pleaded for help from the dozens who came out to listen . "  The Syrian people , " he said , "  are proud people . Asking for help is not in our nature . This is something new to us . " But people who are dying of hunger or are injured there need help , he said , and help can come from Dallas through donations . The humanitarian crisis stoked by the Syrian civil war is so widespread that potential donors might be discouraged from thinking they can make a difference . Hitto takes on that mindset . He hits home the message that local is global and global is local . "  The situation in Syria is a disaster from a humanitarian perspective . Do n't get to the point where you convince yourself that your donation and your contribution will not make a difference , " he said at a recent Shaam banquet . "  Unless we pull together , all of us as individuals , and as countries , and as organizations , and try to figure out how to solve the problem of relief in Syria -- how to feed people -- then we 've got us a disaster of a magnitude that is beyond any one of us to handle . We 've got to act , and we 've got to act now . " The cost of war A political outsider takes the reins Shahin , the Muslim community leader in Dallas , said he believes Hitto is the perfect man for the job in Syria -- a hybrid of outsider and native . He 's hopeful that Hitto will "  come up with a solution that fits for the majority of people . " "  At a time when there 's so much baggage in the Middle East , they need an outsider . He 's an outsider in the sense of no political loyalties . " Hitto has Kurdish heritage , one of the ethnic minorities in diverse Syria . The general view about the civil war is that the al-Assad government is dominated by Alawites , and Sunni Arabs represent much of the opposition membership . But there are many more groups in Syria , ethnic and religious , and questions of allegiance or nonallegiance can be complicated and fluid . The choice of Hitto suggests that the opposition is working to be inclusive . Hitto earned the leadership post in a vote by Syrian National Coalition members on Tuesday . He received 35 out of 48 votes during a meeting in Istanbul , where Syrian opposition groups have been based . Salman Shaikh , director of the Brookings Doha Center , said in an essay that many Syrians will be suspicious of Hitto and his support from the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood -- a Sunni movement regarded as hard-line by some and brutalized by the ruling Baathist party since al-Assad 's father , Hafez , ran Syria . "  Since the announcement , I have heard both Syrian nationalist figures and those from some minority communities -- inside and outside the country -- talk dismissively about the move . " For them , he wrote , Hitto is a "  pawn of the Syrian Muslim Brotherhood . " "  There is a sense that Hitto 's appointment has allowed the Muslim Brotherhood , assisted by key regional actors , to walk in through the front door and assume control of Syria 's opposition movement . " Even if such views are "  exaggerated , " they should be worrisome , Shaikh said . "  The appointment of Syria 's first interim Prime Minister should be a watershed moment for all Syrians . That it may not prove to be so , does not bode well for the impending post-Assad transitional period . " On Wednesday , U.S. Rep. Ted Poe , a Texas Republican , asked Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , about Hitto 's connection to the Muslim Brotherhood . Ford told Poe at a House Foreign Affairs Committee hearing that he had met Hitto twice . "  He struck me as more Texan than Muslim Brotherhood , " Ford said . "  I do n't know what his political affiliations are , but I do know that he also has a tolerant vision of Syrian society . He is not a religious extremist , far from it . " Shahin said the al-Assad government will try to associate Hitto with the Brotherhood . But Hitto is merely involved with the Muslim community and is American , with all that means , he said . Hitto will carry with him American values of liberty , justice and merit that transcend tribal and ethnic identity , Shahin said . He is hoping that Hitto 's American citizenship will help forge a close relationship with the United States . The Brotherhood rhetoric is "  the typical thing to say for people that are more secular-leaning . Rather than having political discourse to consolidate differences , many will use the ` Islamist ' swear word as a focus to get most Western support , " Shahin said . With Hitto 's help , Shahin said , one day Syria will mature and its peoples ' identities will be based on values , not tribe . But it 'll be a long haul , he said . "  Imagine being in a country where everyone spied on one another . People are highly suspicious , " he said , referring to the al-Assad police apparatus . "  There are going to be a lot of taboos he 'll have to break . " CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report	New head of Syrian opposition 's interim government is Syrian-born , U.S.-educated Ghassan Hitto has lived and worked for years in Texas Some Syrians are suspicious of his support from the Muslim Brotherhood "  He 's one of those executives in a board room that impress you , " says a community leader
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama hailed steps forward for gay , lesbians and transgendered people on Thursday , asserting this community 's fight for rights has reached a "  turning point . " "  We 've becoming not just more accepting , we 've become more loving as a country and as a people , " he said . "  Hearts and minds change with time ; laws do , too . " His sense of satisfaction and optimism -- voiced at a White House gathering to mark Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , and Transgender Pride Month -- follows milestone on gay marriage , the inclusion of openly gay U.S. military service members and boosting health insurance access for same-sex partners . But as the president himself acknowledged , obstacles remain . So , too , do frustrations among some gays and lesbians who have been steadfast Obama supporters but had hoped for even more action during his first five years in office . A CNN analysis of Obama 's biggest fundraisers , known as bundlers , during the 2012 election cycle showed that at least 33 -- or about one in every 16 -- was openly gay . Together , they raised at least $ 8 million for the campaign between January and the end of March of last year . Even with that backing , some have challenged the president over what they see as delays in implementing such promises as an executive order that would ban federal contractors from discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity . That irritation erupted during a recent Democratic National Committee fundraiser when Ellen Sturtz of the gay rights group GetEQUAL heckled first lady Michelle Obama . "  I had planned to speak tonight with DNC officials but , as the First Lady was talking about our children 's future and ensuring that they have everything they need to live happy and productive lives , I simply could n't stay silent any longer , " Sturtz said in a statement . "  I 'm looking ahead at a generation of young people who could live full , honest , and open lives with the stroke of the president 's pen , and I was hoping that the first lady would share my concern for all of our young people , " Sturtz said . Disappointment ` Obama ` has n't moved quickly enough ' Both the president and the nation have evolved on the issue of gay rights . As a presidential candidate in 2008 , Obama enjoyed rock star status among the gay and lesbian community . High-profile , openly gay figures such as musician Melissa Etheridge and DreamWorks SKG mogul David Geffen joined a grassroots army of supporters at campaign rallies . Once in the Oval Office , Obama 's efforts at pressing the case for gay rights were more muted , activists said . Some in the community felt betrayed and thought the repeal of the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy and his evolution on marriage took too long . Obama tries to reset with gay community But some saw hope in the repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the ban on openly gay and lesbian members serving in the forces , Obama 's biggest accomplishment in the gay rights cause . Administration criticism of a measure in North Carolina last year that banned same-sex marriage and made civil unions illegal and a similar Minnesota proposal also boosted the community 's confidence that Obama would help further their cause . "  By and large the LGBT community is quite pleased with what President Barack Obama has done , but there is no doubt that some are disappointed that he has n't moved quickly enough on certain issues , " said Craig Rimmerman , professor of public policy and political science at Hobart and William Smith Colleges and author of "  From Identity to Politics : The Lesbian and Gay Movements in the United States . " Obama : ` America can change ' During his inaugural address this year , the president placed the gay community 's struggle for equality alongside similar civil rights fights by women and African-Americans . "  Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law , for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal , as well , " Obama said in his address after being sworn in . The president and the nation have evolved on same-sex marriage Engaging , pushing and chiding the president does n't take away from the appreciation for what the administration has done for the gay rights community , said Evan Wolfson , president of the non-partisan Freedom to Marry organization . The gay rights community will be watching closely to see if Obama follows through on a promise to sign an executive order banning federal contractors from discriminating based on sexual orientation and gender identity . And , should the U.S. Supreme Court decide gays and lesbian couples have a fundamental constitutional right to wed , the gay rights community will be looking to the Obama administration to act quickly to look at federal programs and make sure all couples are treated equally , Wolfson said . "  There is enormous support pride and appreciation for the president 's extraordinary leadership and eloquent advocacy in ending discrimination against gay people , " Wolfson said . "  The president himself has noted there remains an enormous amount to be done to end legal decimation and gay people and the millions of Americans want to see the president do more . " Obama said as much , admitting "  we 're not done yet " and pointing specifically to a Senate bill aimed at sexual orientation discrimination in the workplace . At the same time , he expressed confidence that the movement -- even in a capital oft defined by gridlock -- is in what he feels is a positive direction . "  Do n't tell me that things ca n't happen when we put our minds to them , " he said . "  The genius of America is that America can change . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and Jen Christensen contributed to this report .	NEW : Talking about gay rights , President Obama says " America can change ' NEW : He touts achievements for gays and lesbians , admits there 's more to be done Administration 's repeal of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and support in other areas seen as promising But some in LGBT community are frustrated he has n't acted quickly enough
CNN  -- The morning the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded , a BP executive and a Transocean official argued over how to proceed with the drilling , rig survivors told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an exclusive interview . The survivors ' account paints perhaps the most detailed picture yet of what happened on the deepwater rig -- and the possible causes of the April 20 explosion . The BP official wanted workers to replace heavy mud , used to keep the well 's pressure down , with lighter seawater to help speed a process that was costing an estimated $ 750,000 a day and was already running five weeks late , rig survivors told CNN . BP won the argument , said Doug Brown , the rig 's chief mechanic . "  He basically said , ` Well , this is how it 's gon na be . ' " "  That 's what the big argument was about , " added Daniel Barron III . Shortly after the exchange , chief driller Dewey Revette expressed concern and opposition too , the workers said , and on the drilling floor , they chatted among themselves . "  I do n't ever remember doing this , " they said , according to Barron . "  I think that 's why Dewey was so reluctant to try to do it , " Barron said , "  because he did n't feel it was the right way to have things done . " Revette was among the 11 workers killed when the rig exploded that night . In the CNN interviews , the workers described a corporate culture of cutting staff and ignoring warning signs ahead of the blast . They said BP routinely cut corners and pushed ahead despite concerns about safety . The rig survivors also said it was always understood that you could get fired if you raised safety concerns that might delay drilling . Some co-workers had been fired for speaking out , they said . It can cost up to $ 1 million a day to operate a deepwater rig , according to industry experts . Safety was "  almost used as a crutch by the company , " Barron said . He said he was once scolded for standing on a bucket on the rig , yet the next day , Transocean ordered a crane to continue operating amid high winds , against its own policies . "  It 's like they used it against us -- the safety policies -- you know , to their advantage . "  I do n't think there was ever a plan set in place , because no one ever thought this was gon na ever happen , " he added . BP spokesman Robert Wine would not comment on specific allegations , saying the company has to "  wait for the investigations to be completed . We ca n't prejudge them . " "  BP 's priority is always safety , " he said . Transocean , the world 's largest offshore drilling contractor , said its top priority is safety . "  There is no scenario or circumstance under which it will be compromised , " the company said in a written statement . "  So critical is safety at Transocean that every crew member has stop-work authority , a real-time method by which all work is halted should any employee suspect an unsafe situation or operation . " In Washington on Tuesday , Rep. Nick Rahall , the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee , sought more answers . In a letter to Steven Newman , CEO of Transocean , Rahall said records from the rig indicate 18 people at work on the second shift with "  zero engineers , electricians , mechanics or subsea supervisors " on duty the night of the explosion . Rahall added that payroll records show 20 crewmen , including seven of the 11 men who died , had worked a 24-hour shift six days before the explosion . Rig workers typically work 12-hour days . "  Although these reports do not provide a complete picture of who exactly was working during the time of the explosion and in the days leading up to it , when combined with the ongoing BP internal investigation that suggests that inattentiveness may have been a contributing factor in the disaster , I have serious questions about whether enough people were working on the night of April 20 to adequately handle the complex operations that were being performed , or if crew fatigue caused by extended shifts may have played a role , " wrote Rahall , D-West Virginia , the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee . Rahall called on the company to give his committee more detailed logs and a further explanation of its staffing -- a request Transocean said it would meet . But Transocean said no worker put in a 24-hour day , and the documents Rahall cited did n't tell the whole picture . Daily drilling reports track operations and "  certain personnel , " it said , "  but does not use them to catalog complete crew shifts or the actual hours worked by each crewmember . " "  At the time of the accident , the Deepwater Horizon and its crew had compiled seven consecutive years of operations without a single lost-time safety incident , " the company said in a written statement . "  The vessel was properly and professionally manned ; there was no shortage of technical expertise , nor did any crewmember work a 24-hour shift . " CNN was given access to individual time sheets that appear to back up Transocean 's claim that no employees worked 24-hour shifts on April 14 , six days before the explosion that eventually sank the rig . Other documents reviewed by CNN seem to indicate that additional salaried workers may have been on the job that do n't show up on time sheets , possibly refuting the committee 's claim the rig was shortstaffed on April 20 . The rig workers have filed a negligence suit against BP , Transocean , oil field services contractor Halliburton and other companies involved with the deepwater rig . "  I 've seen gross negligence , and this conduct is criminal , " said Steve Gordon , the lawyer representing the men . "  There 's a crime scene sitting 5,000 feet below the water . " Brown , the rig 's mechanic , had traveled with the rig from South Korea , where it was made nearly a decade ago . He had seen the mechanical crew get downsized over the years . Yet as the rig aged , the engines began having more problems . "  It became overwhelming , " he said . "  We could n't keep up with the flow of it . ... We constantly over the years kept telling them , ` Hey , we need more help back here . ' "  They pretty much just said , ` Well , we 'll look into it . ' " About nine months ago , Brown said , he got an additional first engineer , yet the crew was still overloaded with work . Even more alarming , the rig survivors said , was the amount of resistance the well was giving them . "  We had problems with it from the day we got on , " Matthew Jacobs said . Nearly every day , Jacobs said , "  we had problems with that well . " Barron said it was like an eerie cloud hung over the well being dug 5,000 feet into the sea . "  There was always like an ominous feeling , " he said . "  This well did not want to be drilled . ... It just seemed like we were messing with Mother Nature . " At times , the drill got stuck . Many times , it "  kicked , " meaning gas was shooting back through the mud at an alarming rate . "  I 've seen a lot of gas coming up from muds on different wells , and the highest I 've ever seen in my 11 years was 1,500 units . And this well gave us 3,000 , " Brown said . "  I 've never been on a well with that high of gas coming out of the mud . That was kind of letting me know this well was something to be reckoned with . " It all came to a head at 9:56 p.m. , when the first of three explosions rocked Deepwater Horizon , 52 miles southeast of Venice , Louisiana , with 126 people aboard . Tiles fell from the ceiling , walls collapsed , and people ran for their lives . It reminded Matt Jacobs of the movie "  Titanic . " "  It looked like you was looking at the face of death , " he said . "  You could hear it , see it , smell it . " He scrambled to the lifeboat deck . Jacobs had been trained to fight fires aboard the rig . But when he looked at the flames shooting 150 feet into the air , he knew there was nothing they could do . "  There is no way we can put that fire out , " he thought . Jacobs hopped in a lifeboat . He screamed for co-workers to jump aboard . A second explosion rocked the rig . The lifeboat , still suspended in the air , went into a free fall of about 3 feet . "  Here I am on a lifeboat that 's supposed to help me get off this rig , " Jacobs thought . "  And I 'm gon na wind up dying . " He bowed his head and prayed . Now , 50 days later , the survivors are telling their stories . It 's become part of their everyday lives . They ca n't shake what happened that day , even when they close their eyes at night . "  It 's like being in a neverending nightmare , " Brown said . "  You dream about it . You see it in your sleep . Then , we wake up in the morning , and we realize it 's not a dream . It 's real . ... It does n't end for us . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report . This piece is part of a CNN Special Investigations Unit project .	Rig survivors say BP , Transocean official argued over shortcut on day of blast BP official won argument : "  This is how it 's gon na be , " he said , according to witness BP says it wo n't comment on specifics BP routinely cut corners and pushed ahead despite safety concerns , workers say
CNN  -- Three-time major winner Padraig Harrington fired his best score this year to take the halfway lead at the Transitions Championship in Florida , and then claimed he would be happy to be paired with Tiger Woods when the disgraced world No. 1 makes his golfing comeback at the Masters . The Irishman , whose last victory on the PGA Tour came at the U.S. PGA Championship in 2008 , carded six-under-par 65 on Friday to move a shot clear of defending champion Retief Goosen , Sweden 's Carl Pettersen and Woods ' fellow Americans Jim Furyk and Bubba Watson . Asked if he would relish the opportunity to be paired with Woods at Augusta next month when the fallen superstar returns following his admissions of marital infidelities , the 38-year-old said he could handle the attendant pressures of such an occasion . "  If there is an issue being drawn with him in his first tournament back , if you 're going to choose a golf course for it to happen , Augusta is the place , " Harrington told reporters . "  It is as ordered as can be there , so I for one would be quite comfortable if I got drawn with Tiger . I do not see it being any different than being drawn with him the first two rounds last year . "  I do believe , though , if it was first two rounds at Bay Hill , that would be slightly different . But then again , you would n't mind being there to watch it all ! " Harrington is seeking to build on last weekend 's third placing at the WGC-CA Championship in Miami , which was won by South African veteran Ernie Els , ahead of this season 's first major tournament . The two-time British Open champion was four shots adrift of first-round leader Garrett Willis after an opening 69 at the Copperhead course in Palm Harbor on Thursday , having missed the pro-am to attend President Barack Obama 's St Patrick 's Day dinner at the White House . He carded five birdies and a bogey on his front nine , and picked up shots at 11 and 16 to be on eight-under 134 . South Africa 's Goosen , himself a two-time major winner , followed up his 67 with a 68 -- with Pettersen and Furyk doing exactly the same . Watson moved up the leaderboard with an eight-birdie 65 as he overcame successive birdies midway through his front nine to join the others on 135 . World No. 2 Steve Stricker was tied for sixth after his 66 left him level with fellow American Jeff Maggert  68  and Australia 's Steve Elkington  68  on 136 . Willis slumped to a tie for 66th after a horrendous 77 which saw him double-bogey the first two holes , drop another shot at the third and then card another double at the ninth and a bogey at 11 . World Match Play victor Ian Poulter missed the cut of 143 by three shots after a second successive 73 , while British Open champion Stewart Cink , fellow major winner Rich Beem and young Japanese star Ryo Ishikawa also failed to make the weekend rounds .	Padraig Harrington says he would be happy to partner Tiger Woods at the Masters Disgraced former world No. 1 Woods will return to golf at Augusta next month Harrington says he would be comfortable with the prospect of such a pairing at that venue Irishman shoots his best score of this year to take halfway lead in Florida tournament
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The longest-serving Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee told CNN Radio on Thursday that , barring any surprises , Sonia Sotomayor is headed for a Supreme Court confirmation . Judge Sonia Sotomayor would be the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court . "  If there are no otherwise disqualifying matters here , it appears to me she will probably be confirmed , " Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah said . Hatch was acknowledging the current Senate political landscape . Sotomayor was nominated by a Democrat president , and Democrats could have 60 votes in the 100-member chamber if Minnesota 's Al Franken is seated . They now hold 12 of the 19 seats on the Senate Judiciary Committee that will first consider Sotomayor 's nomination . Sen. Pat Roberts , R-Kansas , said Thursday he does not plan to vote to confirm Sotomayor , becoming the first Republican to explicitly state his opposition . "  She has made statements on the role of the appeals court I think is improper and incorrect , " Roberts said . "  I think that we should be judging people not on race and gender , or background or ethnicity or a very compelling story . " Hatch -- who unlike Roberts voted in favor of Sotomayor 's 1998 nomination to the federal appeals court -- also revealed one of the first Republican battle lines on the nomination : the schedule . See Sotomayor 's key rulings " President Obama and other Sotomayor supporters say they want her confirmed before the Senate goes on its August recess , so that she can be well-situated for the start of the next Supreme Court session in October . Hatch and fellow Judiciary Committee Republicans Jon Kyl of Arizona and John Cornyn of Texas are pushing for a longer timeframe . They say it is almost impossible to review Sotomayor 's extensive record , debate her nomination and hold a Senate vote by August . "  If the Democrats do n't overplay their hand and do n't try to rush this too much , the process will go well , they 'll be better off , she 'll get confirmed , " Hatch said , again adding that his prediction is based on no new concerns coming to light . The opposition party usually fights for extensive time to try to find hidden issues in a Supreme Court nominee 's record . Hatch said senators need three months to consider Sotomayor and that a vote should come in September , after the Senate 's August break . A September vote would crunch Sotomayor 's preparation time for setting up her office before the high court 's next term begins . It also would complicate Democratic fights on health care and energy that could reach a critical point at that time . See whom Sotomayor would sit alongside if she 's confirmed " Hatch insisted a September Senate vote would get Sotomayor on the bench in time for the new Supreme Court session . "  If they do it the right way , " he said of Senate Democrats , "  and there is no otherwise disqualifying feature to this , it is highly likely she is going to be confirmed as the ninth justice on the Supreme Court in time to sit on the court on the first Monday of October . " Meetings on the timetable have begun . On Thursday , White House staffers met with aides to Democrats on the Judiciary Committee to go over this and their strategies for Sotomayor 's confirmation , according to a Senate Democratic aide involved in the confirmation process . Sotomayor will go to Capitol Hill as early as Tuesday to meet with senators who will vote on her confirmation . The Judiciary Committee has not announced when the confirmation hearings will begin . Democrats were relieved Wednesday when Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , and the top Republican on the Judiciary Committee , said he did not think Republicans would block the nomination with a filibuster . But prominent conservatives still are trying to stir public opinion against Sotomayor . Radio host Rush Limbaugh and former Republican House Speaker Newt Gingrich have called her racist , pointing to an October 2001 speech at the University of California , Berkeley . During that speech , she said : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman , with the richness of her experiences , would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " The Senate Democratic aide involved in the confirmation process said Democrats are pleased with the initial response from Republican senators to Sotomayor 's nomination , saying it was a "  good sign " that GOP senators have not adopted some of the language coming from Limbaugh and Gingrich . "  If the fire-breathing rhetoric is contained to the far right element , it does n't jeopardize the nomination , " the aide said . CNN 's Alexander Mooney contributed to this report .	Sen. Orrin Hatch : Sotomayor confirmation likely if "  disqualifying matters " do n't appear Sotomayor could meet with some senators Tuesday Hatch , other Republicans want to wait until September for vote Sen. Pat Roberts is first Republican to say publicly he wo n't vote for nominee
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The head of the company that operated a passenger ferry that sank off South Korea last month killing more than 260 people was arrested Thursday , a senior prosecutor in the investigation told CNN . Kim Han-sik , chief executive officer of Cheonghaejin Marine Company , is being charged with "  causing death by negligence , as well as causing the capsizing of the ship in the line of duty , " prosecutor Yang Joong-jin said . Kim also faces a charge of violating the ship safety act , Yang said , in connection with allegations that excessive cargo a played a role in the April 16 sinking . Investigators have said the cargo and the failure to tie it down properly was partially responsible for the sinking of the ferry Sewol , which was carrying 467 passengers and crew -- including more than 300 high school students on a field trip . Investigators said they 've indicted four employees of the ferry 's owner in the last two weeks , including a senior executive Tuesday . Details about the charges were n't immediately available . Authorities took aim at the cargo Tuesday , saying its weight was more than double the ship 's limit . The cargo was n't tied properly -- and the loosely tied goods helped cause the ship to capsize , Yang has said . Investigators had been probing the possibility the ship overturned because cargo shifted and forced the ship off balance . At least 269 people died in the disaster , which happened while the ferry was traveling from Incheon to the resort island of Jeju , off South Korea 's southwestern coast . Thirty-five people still are unaccounted for , according to the country 's coast guard . News of Kim 's arrest comes nearly a week after South Korean authorities searched Cheonghaejin Marine 's offices as part of a criminal investigation . This trip was n't the first time the ferry had excess cargo , a joint investigation team told reporters Tuesday . Since the Sewol began the Incheon-Jeju route in March 2013 , the ferry carried excess cargo 139 times , investigators said . Cheonghaejin Marine earned an extra 62 million South Korean won  $ 62,000  for the excess cargo on the April 16 voyage , and nearly 3 billion South Korean won  $ 2.9 million  in extra profit for all of the excess cargo that the ferry carried since March 2013 , investigators said .	Kim Han-sik is chief executive officer of Cheonghaejin Marine Company Among other allegations , he faces a count of violating the ship safety act Charges against Kim are related to claims the ferry carried excessive cargo Investigators say the cargo was partially responsible for the sinking
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner makes its first passenger flight Wednesday , carrying about 250 passengers from Tokyo to Hong Kong on Japan 's All Nippon Airways . Boeing has spent years and billions of dollars developing a plane with what it calls "  visionary design . " As the first customers prepare to fly on the Dreamliner , CNN looks at what sets the 787 apart from the planes before it . 1 . It 's Plastic  sort of The Dreamliner is made of 50 % composite materials , carbon fiber-reinforced polymers that are both lighter and more durable than traditional aluminum . Composite materials have been used before in passenger planes but never to this extent . They comprise both the wings and the fuselage of the 787 . Most of the features listed below could not have been built in an airplane made mostly of traditional aluminum . 2 . The Air Inside The cabin pressure on the 787 is higher and the humidity higher than other airplanes . Basically , passengers on board will feel like they are at an altitude of 6,000 feet , 2,000 feet lower than a standard flight . The changes will cut down on passenger fatigue , dry eyes and headaches , Boeing said . They are made possible by the new material , which is less prone to corrosion and structural fatigue than traditional aluminum . 3 . More Space Boeing 's Chief Pilot Randy Neville said he believed this is the first feature passengers will notice about the new plane . You are "  not being squeezed into a tube , " he said . "  You 'll have a wide open area . " There is also more room for overhead luggage . 4 . Fuel Efficiency The 787 is 20 % more fuel efficient than similarly-sized aircraft , a change which allows airlines to save money and deploy the plane on longer routes , Boeing said . "  On an aircraft of that size , even a slight reduction in fuel burn makes a big difference to overall cost , " said Paul Sheridan , Head of Risk Advisory at Ascend . Another plus , according to aviation experts , the longer range will allow carriers to introduce more point-to-point routes , so passengers will have more options and fewer layovers . 5 . Intuitive Cockpit Neville feels Boeing has worked hard to make operating the 787 as natural as possible for pilots . "  The flight deck is laid out so it is very intuitive to operate all the controls , " he said . One example : The Head-Up Display  HUD  used by pilots is displayed on glass , so they can see the data without having to lose sight of what 's going on outside . 6 . Bigger Windows Clearly a case where bigger is bigger , the Dreamliner has windows that are 19 inches tall and 30 % bigger than the on similarly-sized aircraft . Say goodbye to those plastic shades as well . The Dreamliner is the first commercial plane to have electronic dimmers at each seat . The flight attendants can also darken or lighten all the shades automatically , so never again will a small child wake up half the plane by deciding to let in a little sunlight . 7 . Uniformity Do n't expect much difference from one Dreamliner to the next , Sheridan said . Boeing purposely limited the extent that carriers could customize the new plane in order to appeal to banks and leasing companies that are behind many purchases . If all the planes are similar , it 's easier to hire them out to airlines or resell if needed .	Boeing 787 Dreamliner makes first passenger flight Wednesday 787 is 20 % more fuel efficient than similarly-sized aircraft , Boeing says New plane material means cabin pressure on 787 is higher than other airplanes
CNN  -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal overcame last year 's nemesis Robin Soderling to win the World Tennis Championship exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi on Saturday . The Spaniard , whose defeat to the Swede in the French Open triggered the unraveling of his season amid injury problems , won 7-6  7-3  7-5 as he began his build-up to the defense of his Australian Open title in encouraging style . Soderling , who also defeated Nadal at the season-ending ATP World Tour finals in London , had come into the match buoyed by his breakthrough first victory against world No. 1 Roger Federer in the semifinals on Friday . Having taken the first set to a tie-break , Soderling fought back from 4-2 down in the second set to level at 4-4 but Nadal -- who lost to Andy Murray in the final last year -- showed no signs of the inconsistency that plagued the latter half of his 2009 campaign as he clinched victory . Earlier on Saturday , Federer claimed third place with a 6-1 7-5 victory against Spain 's David Ferrer . The tournament , which is not an official ATP Tour event , also featured Russia 's Nikolay Davydenko and Federer 's Swiss compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka . Wawrinka replaced Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the field after the Frenchman pulled out with a wrist injury . Federer and Nadal will next head to Doha for the opening tournament of the ATP Tour schedule , while world No. 8 Soderling will be top seed for the Chennai Open in India .	World No. 2 Rafael Nadal wins World Tennis Championship exhibition event in Abu Dhabi Spaniard defeats Robin Soderling in final to avenge two key defeats to Swede in 2009 Nadal , who lost in last year 's final to Andy Murray , will next play in Doha ATP Tour event He will be second seed behind Roger Federer , third in Abu Dhabi after beating David Ferrer
CNN  -- British authorities reopened the probe of Amy Winehouse 's death Monday , a year after the coroner who ruled the singer died of accidental alcohol poisoning resigned amid questions about her legal credentials . A new coroner 's inquest into Winehouse 's death will begin on January 8 , London 's Camden Council announced Monday . Suzanne Greenaway lost her position as assistant deputy coroner , to which she was appointed by her husband , London Coroner Andrew Reid , after it was discovered that she had not been a registered lawyer in the United Kingdom for the requisite five years . Read more : 5 damaging myths about addiction The Grammy award-winning artist , who had battled with alcohol and drug abuse over several years , was found dead at her north London home July 23 , 2011 . The original coroner 's report concluded it was a "  death by misadventure . " A pathologist told Greenaway 's court that alcohol toxicity was the cause of the 27-year-old 's death , with her blood-alcohol levels measured at more than five times the legal limit for driving . Testimony at her inquest showed no traces of illegal drugs in Winehouse 's system . The pathologist 's tests revealed that Winehouse 's blood-alcohol level was 416 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood . The level considered lethal is 350 milligrams per 100 milliliters of blood , and the legal limit to drive in Britain is 80 milligrams of alcohol . The pathologist found no traces of tablets in Winehouse 's stomach and said her organs appeared to be normal . A verdict of misadventure means that it is judged to be an accidental death in which no law was broken or criminal negligence involved . The singer 's soulful , throaty vocals brought her stardom in 2007 , but her troubled off-stage life -- chronicled in her top 10 hit "  Rehab " -- won her notoriety . Read more : A life cut short : Remembering the tragedy of Amy Winehouse Her death came less than two months after her latest release from a rehabilitation program and weeks after she was booed offstage by disappointed fans in Serbia . The tattooed London-born singer-songwriter 's first album , "  Frank , " debuted in 2003 , when she was 19 . International success came with her 2007 album "  Back to Black . " She dominated the 2008 Grammys , winning five awards that night and delivering , via satellite from London , a strong performance of "  Rehab . " CNN 's Richard Allen Greene in London contributed to this report .	A new coroner 's inquest into Amy Winehouse 's death will begin on January 8 The assistant deputy coroner who ruled on the death did not have required legal credentials The original coroner 's report concluded it was a "  death by misadventure " Winehouse was found dead at her north London home July 23 , 2011
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The unflinching account from a defector revealed how he picked corn kernels out of cow manure to eat as he competed with his family for food at one of North Korea 's notorious prison camps . He was also forced to watch his mother 's hanging and his brother 's execution . He was born in a "  total control zone " where prison authorities wield complete power , where guards beat children to death with no hesitation . A memoir detailing Shin Dong-hyuk 's life , "  Escape from Camp 14 " hit the bookshelves in South Korea this month . The original English version published in March last year . Shin , 30 , is the only man known to have been born and to escape from a North Korean prison known as Camp 14 . His account put a human face on the abuses in North Korean prison camps , a brutal system which has survived twice as long as Stalin 's Soviet gulags and much longer than the Nazi concentration camps . "  The existence of prison camps in the North should be known to the people around the world , " Shin said . "  There are some people born and raised as an animal in North Korea . I have to explain that to everyone . " Defectors describe horror , heartbreak in North Korea 's labor camps The hope in writing the book was to raise awareness about conditions inside North Korea , said Blaine Harden , the author of "  Escape from Camp 14 : One Man 's Remarkable Odyssey from North Korea to Freedom in the West . " Its impact was unanticipated , said Harden , when the pair spoke at the Asan Institute last week in Seoul . In March , the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva agreed to examine what it called "  grave , widespread and systematic " violations of human rights in North Korea , including the use of prison camps . While the book was not the sole reason , U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay met with Shin and another North Korean prison camp survivor in December The members of the commission were appointed this week . The three members will look into issues including disappearances , abductions , the control of food and use of torture in the isolated nation . The commission will give an update on its findings in September followed by a final report by March . North Korea has denied human right abuses , saying that its citizens are "  happy with pride and honor " and that the nation has "  one of the best systems for promotion and protection of human rights in the world . " The book 's impact "  Escape from Camp 14 " has been translated into 24 languages and there are plans to adopt the book into a film . Shin has bared the scars from his 23 years in captivity North Korea -- such as burn marks on his back and his missing finger tip -- in several interviews with journalists . His story has been carried by media outlets worldwide . "  I 'm grateful for people who are paying attention to the North Korean human rights situation , " Shin said . "  It seems like they 're more interested in my personal situation . I do not want that . " Shin , a slim man with wide plastic-rimmed glasses , appeared accustomed to the various questions from the audience members and journalists . "  I think the most challenging thing still today is the past heartbroken story should be explained over and over again , " Shin said . "  And personally , I want to escape my past . I physically escaped North Korea , but still my mind , my memories live there . "  But I know there is serious cause behind my doing this kind of these sessions and explaining these things . " He spoke of a 2008 visit to the Holocaust Museum in Washington , D.C. where he saw a photograph of the Auschwitz prison camp in 1944 . The single photo resonated with him as "  an outcry from the prison camp " that pressed the world for help . The world "  did n't pay attention to this single photograph . Six million people had to suffer . It was shocking to me , " he said . It inspired him to speak about the North Korean camps . The evidence of the North Korean prisons are overwhelming as more than 60 people have given detailed , consistent accounts , Harden said . "  Shin 's story , these heartbreaking narratives , are a kind of abuse that Europe said , ` Never again , ' to . Yet , it 's going on this morning , not 250 miles from where we sit , " Harden said from the auditorium in Seoul . Shin 's testimony has brought new insights into the secretive camps , he added . For example , the concept of "  reward marriages " was unknown until Shin told his story . These are the rewards dispensed by prison guards , who allow a male and female prisoner to have sex . Shin was a product of a reward marriage in the prison camp . The reward marriage works as an incentive for prisoners , Shin said . Shin 's testimony has encouraged the world to "  grapple with the suffering , " rather than just lampoon North Korea as a punchline , Harden said .	Shin Dong-hyuk 's "  Escape from Camp 14 " released in Korean this month Shin is only man known to have been born and escape from a North Korean prison Awareness raised on North Korean human rights , says author
EW.com  -- "  Downton Abbey " is getting another American visitor . "  Sideways ' " star Paul Giamatti will appear as Cora 's playboy brother , Harold , in the season four finale , a rep for Masterpiece on PBS confirms . ` Downton Abbey ' casts first black cast member He 'll be joined by returning guest star Shirley MacLaine , who crossed the pond to play Cora 's brazen mother , Martha Levinson , in season three . "  We 're excited that Paul Giamatti will be joining us on ` Downton ' to play Cora 's brother Harold , the rather free-spirited uncle to Mary and Edith . We ca n't wait to see him work alongside Shirley MacLaine , who are both sure to upset the Grantham 's apple cart in this year 's finale , " executive producer Gareth Neame said in a statement . New ` Downton ' characters announced Giamatti is hardly the only new face joining the series â $ " next season will introduce a slew of castmembers , including Dame Kiri Te Kanawa , Tom Cullen , Julian Ovenden , Nigel Harman , Joanna David and Gary Carr . Season four of the series will kick-off on January 5 , 2014 . See the original story on EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Paul Giamatti has been cast in season four of ` Downton Abbey ' as a guest star He 'll portray Cora 's playboy brother Harold Season four of ` Downton ' will begin January 5
Inside one of the many busy open markets in Kampala , rows of hanged trousers and dresses swing in midair , casting a shadow over the colorful stacks of unsorted clothes sitting on rickety wooden stalls . Amidst the hustle and bustle , bargain-hunting shoppers rummage through the large piles of printed t-shirts , short-sleeved blouses and retro jackets in search of a great deal . This is the Ugandan capital 's version of a thrift store , fully stocked with second-hand garments from the West . Here , European-made clothing , American sports jerseys and designer labels are all offered at discount prices , turning second-hand markets like this into a prime destination for cheap garments . "  Things from U.S. and UK , London , they are nice , " says Karol , owner of a local second-hand market stall . "  My customers keep on coming . " Short-term gain , long-term pain ? The sale of Western cast-offs starts with charities in European and North American countries that earn money by offloading donated clothes they can not find buyers for . The unwanted used clothes often end up in landfills . Increasingly , however , they are also being purchased by wholesalers , who then sort , label and package them into containers for export to different markets . A large portion of these previously owned clothes ends up in market stalls across Africa -- according to an Oxfam report , used garments account for over 50 % of the clothing sector by volume in many sub-Saharan African countries . For customers in Kampala 's bustling markets , however , this is no dumping ground . Instead , these clothes are as desirable as they are affordable . "  Yes , the price is right and the clothes are still looking good , " says Brenda , a local shopper . In the beginning , it appears to be a win-win situation for everyone involved ; Western charities receive much-needed revenue , African buyers with weak purchasing power get low-priced , well-made clothing , and merchants find eager customers for their merchandise . But some experts say that the mass influx of cheap hand-me-downs from the West could have a much more negative impact . "  The long-term effect is that countries such as Malawi or Mozambique or Zambia ca n't really establish or protect their own clothing industries if they are importing second-hand goods , " says Andrew Brooks , lecturer at King 's College London and co-author of a study called "  Unravelling the Relationships between Used-Clothing Imports and the Decline of African Clothing Industries . " "  Your t-shirt may be quite cheap for someone to buy , but it would be better if that person could buy a locally manufactured t-shirt , so the money stays within the economy and that helps generate jobs , " he adds . Watch video : Cashing in on second-hand clothes Big business Analysts say textile industries are relatively easy to develop and , as success stories like South Korea showcase , can provide the first step in the ladder towards economic growth . A booming clothing sector is labor intensive , generates national revenues through taxes and , ultimately , can help end dependency on aid . But in Africa , the introduction of trade-liberalization policies and the opening of economies in the 1980s and 1990 allowed both second-hand and cheap new imports , especially from Asian countries , to enter markets across the continent . This undermined growth opportunities for many local industries and led to the closure of several African clothing factories , say experts . According to a 2006 report , textile and clothing employment in Ghana declined by 80 % from 1975 to 2000 ; in Zambia it fell from 25,000 workers in the 1980s to below 10,000 in 2002 ; and in Nigeria the number of workers fell from 200,000 to being insignificant . Meanwhile , second-hand became a highly lucrative industry across African markets . Whilst exact continent-wide figures are hard to come by , global used clothing exports from OECD countries stood at $ 1.9 billion in 2009 , according to 2011 U.N. Comtrade data . Yet Brooks claims the figure is an underestimation , largely because of the widespread smuggling of used clothes that occurs in many countries , as well as trans-shipments that are not documented in official statistics . "  The best estimate that probably gives the value of the global trade of second-hand clothing would be about $ 3 billion , " he says . "  Obviously , that 's the import cost and once things are sold on retail , -LSB- it 's -RSB- probably twice that , " he adds . Read this : ` Africa 's tallest building ' set for $ 10 billion tech city Hard to compete For many people across Africa 's fashion industries , this curtails local new-clothing production and prevents their sector from growing . Designer Sylvia Owori , who 's been in business in Kampala for more than a decade , says it 's very difficult to rival the second-hand market . "  Probably 90 % of the clothing people are buying in the whole country are second-hand clothes , " says Owori . "  It 's a multimillion dollar industry -- so , as a small fish , how are you going to start to compete with that ? " To deal with the problem , a number of African countries have banned imports of second-hand clothes in recent years as part of efforts aimed at protecting their national textiles industries . Amongst them are the continent 's two biggest economies -- South Africa and Nigeria -- while many more are also debating restrictions . But there 's also another threat to the local industries : Chinese imports that are even cheaper than the Western hand-me-downs and locally made clothes . Read this : ` China can transform Africa ' "  One of the problems is that these local clothing industries are often more expensive than clothing that 's produced in Asia , " says Brooks . "  So if you ban second-hand clothing sometimes this gets replaced with imports of clothing from China or elsewhere in the Far East . " Back in Owuri 's shop , the designer says she is resigned to the reality of her competition . She adds , however , that she looks forward to the day that homegrown businesses like her own prevail . "  As much as I do n't like second-hand clothes to be in the market , I do n't have an alternative , " she says . "  I can not make enough clothes to support a population of 33 million . So we need to actually first grow the manufacturing and production side of the business locally for us to say , ` OK , all the other stuff ca n't come in . ' " Brooks says that whilst used t-shirts , jeans and dresses can satisfy a basic need for affordable clothing , they ultimately help keep people in poverty . "  Second-hand clothing maintains the status quo , " he says . "  It does n't help the poor get richer , it just keeps things as they are at the moment . "	Previously owned clothing is big business in Africa But mass influx of second-hand clothes from the West damages local industries Designers say cast-offs are preventing their businesses from growing Several African countries have banned imports of second-hand clothes
CNN  -- Pop-cultural suburbia : Take your pick . Happy children . Low taxes . Smooth roads . Picture windows . Quiet streets . Shopping malls . Or : Bored teenagers . Sterile sprawl . Endless traffic . Creepy neighbors . Festering secrets . Shopping malls . For some , the promised land . For others , a worm-infested dullsville . Why such a divide ? Perhaps it 's the natural reaction to disillusionment , says Syracuse pop culture professor Robert Thompson . The suburb "  was touted as the perfect way to package American life in the utopian era that we expected the end of World War II to bring us , " he says . "  We 're in the Space Age . Television comes out . Air conditioning and dishwashers and all of this stuff . The suburbs stood for the place where this perfect kind of life was going to be lived . " The suburb was n't a new concept ; people had been attempting to push their way out of crowded cities for as long as there had been crowded cities , and rail service and streetcars made it possible to build communities on city outskirts . "  Streetcar suburbs , " such as Atlanta 's Inman Park , Pittsburgh 's Squirrel Hill and Houston 's Houston Heights , started sprouting in the 19th century . But it was the automobile , with its promise of personal mobility , that fostered a suburban boom . The most popular exhibit at the 1939 New York World 's Fair was Norman Bel Geddes ' Futurama -- sponsored by General Motors -- which posited a future of superhighways leading consumers through muscular cities and bucolic towns . "  I Have Seen The Future , " read the souvenir buttons . CNN Photos : Bill Owens ' ` Suburbia ' captured the American Dream The future originally looked something like the past . Tired of six-story walkups ? In the suburbs you could have your own picket-fenced home , just like the ones in small towns of yore . Sick of the subway ? In the suburbs you could ride the comfortable commuter train -- or , even better , travel to work on a speedy expressway in your very own car . Television was the best mirror of this optimistic age . Mayfield 's Cleavers  "  Leave It to Beaver "  , Springfield 's Andersons  "  Father Knows Best , " less biting than the radio version  and Hilldale 's Stones  "  The Donna Reed Show "  all lived in crime-free municipalities urban enough to have the latest appliances  like , well , a television  but removed enough that their kids could play and bike without those crowded city worries -- like traffic , ethnic groups and the poor . In this period , it was writers who poked holes in suburban perfection . John Cheever , with his quietly desperate New York escapees , was the master of suburban dissatisfaction , but others -- novelist Richard Yates  "  Revolutionary Road "  and journalist Vance Packard  "  The Status Seekers "  among them -- took aim at the consumerist society entwined with suburbia . On TV , only "  Twilight Zone 's " Rod Serling -- at heart , a writer -- seemed to agree with them . Eventually their views took over . If the cities were rotten -- just check out early '70s films such as "  The French Connection " and "  Shaft " for a taste of the chipping paint -- the suburbs were soulless , cookie-cutter places inhabited by people with secrets . Southern California , which is often depicted as one big suburb , was the center of this emptiness  it does n't hurt that the region 's chief industry is fantasy  , but it 's an image that transfers anywhere , from Chicago  "  Ordinary People "  to Elm Street  "  A Nightmare on Elm Street "  . Indeed , horror movies such as "  Nightmare , " "  Dawn of the Dead " and "  Poltergeist " found plenty to work with in the suburbs . These days , the pop culture divide still holds . To some -- Woody Allen comes to mind -- the city , for all its faults , is vibrant and lively , and the suburbs are "  American Beauty " dead ends . To others , particularly television producers , it 's the suburbs -- where most of us live , after all -- where real life happens , and the city is something for the wealthy , the terminally hip , the criminals and the tourists . iReport : What makes your suburb unique ? The truth , of course , is neither here nor there . Today 's suburbs are increasingly multicultural and , in some cases , have developed their own skyscraper-filled "  edge cities , " in the term popularized by journalist Joel Garreau . Accurately portraying such a complex environment is as difficult as accurately portraying the people who live there -- though there are some  author Tom Perrotta , "  My So-Called Life " producers Marshall Herskovitz and Edward Zwick  who try . In the end , suburbia is what our imagination wants it to be , and it wo n't quite fit into those little boxes of ticky-tacky . "  We know that inside each one of those identical boxes , with its Dodge parked out front , and its white bread on the table , and its TV set glowing blue in the falling dusk , there were people with stories , " concluded the pilot of "  The Wonder Years . " "  There were families bound together in the pain and the struggle of love . There were moments that made us cry with laughter . And there were moments ... of sorrow and wonder . "	Pop-culture depiction of suburbia is divided : Paradise or hell In years shortly after World War II , suburbia was presented as utopia In recent decades , attitude has often gone the other way TV usually favors suburban life ; books and movies show negatives
CNN  -- The current Ebola outbreak is "  running much faster " than the international response to it , the co-discoverer of the virus said Thursday . "  This is the first Ebola epidemic where entire nations are involved , where big cities are affected , " Peter Piot , a microbiologist and a former undersecretary general of the United Nations , told Global Public Square host Fareed Zakaria . "  And I continue to be worried that the response to the epidemic is really running behind the virus . " According to the World Health Organization 's latest update , there have been almost 9,000 confirmed and suspected cases , with almost 4,500 deaths . However , the WHO warned there could be as many as 10,000 new cases per week in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone by the end of this year . Piot , a member of the team that discovered the virus in 1976 in what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo , made headlines earlier this month when he told The Guardian newspaper he feared an "  unimaginable catastrophe " if the virus became lodged in a mega-city such as Lagos . "  The three countries that are affected are being totally destabilized , not only in terms of people who are killed by Ebola -- their families , the orphans that now are coming up because the parents died -- but the economy has come to a standstill , " Piot said Thursday , speaking from Oxford . "  People are massively dying from other diseases that are normally treatable , like malaria , or women die while giving birth because hospitals are abandoned or are full with Ebola patients . So that 's a very , very destabilizing factor , " he said , adding that the impact of its spread is "  beyond Ebola . " Watch the full interview on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " this Sunday at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. ET on CNN Piot said that it is impossible to predict the number of cases . Asked about the WHO projections , he said : "  10,000 per week , or 1,000 , we do n't really know . " "  At the moment , there are about 1,000 , " he said . "  It 's still expanding , that 's for sure . And it probably will continue to grow until all the measures have been put in place in a more efficient way . " Piot 's comments came on the same day as Daniel Varga , the chief clinical officer for Texas Health Services , apologized over mistakes he says were made in the care of Thomas Duncan , a Liberian national who became the first person in the United States to die from the virus . Duncan was sent home despite saying he had a fever and that he had visited West Africa . "  Unfortunately , in our initial treatment of Mr. Duncan , despite our best intentions and a highly skilled medical team , we made mistakes , " Varga testified to Congress . "  We did not correctly diagnose his symptoms as those of Ebola . We are deeply sorry . " Writing for CNN earlier this month , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention chief Tom Frieden said one way for the United States to prevent the disease spreading in the United States is to tackle it at the source , in West Africa . "  After all is said and done here , that is the only way to truly and completely protect the health security of America -- and the world , " Frieden wrote . This view was echoed by Piot , who added that there were some encouraging signs from two of the countries in the region that have been worst affected . "  As long as there is a major epidemic in West Africa , the rest of the world is also at risk . That is an additional reason for providing assistance to stop the epidemic . And because there will be people who will show up -- be it in Europe , in the U.S. or in China , " he said . Watch the full interview on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " this Sunday at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. ET on CNN "  The good news is that both Nigeria and Senegal have been able to contain a number of important cases , " Piot said . "  In Senegal , there was never even any secondary case . In Nigeria , there were a number of people who were infected and died , but it has not given rise to an outbreak in Lagos , after all , a city of more than 20 million people . " "  That shows that if you act decisively and early enough ... it can be controlled . " Asked by Zakaria what steps he would like to see taken to try to halt the spread of the virus , Piot suggested that it is particularly important to focus on protecting health workers . "  Something that we 've learned through Doctors Without Borders is how to treat patients , to care for them and isolate them so that they do n't infect others . But also to reduce , more or less , mortality , " he said . "  We need to protect health care workers . We 've seen it in the U.S. We 've seen it in Europe . But above all , in Africa , where over 200 nurses and doctors and lab workers have died from Ebola . And that can be done by protective care . " But he added that the biggest challenge in slowing the spread of Ebola is changing the kinds of behaviors that allow it to spread . "  Stopping the transmission in the community around funerals -- that is still going on . And so we have to change people 's behaviors and beliefs and also what to do with all the patients who are still at home , who can infect people while they 're being transported to hospital units . " "  So that 's going to be a massive undertaking of behavior change . And it will have to come from within , where their beliefs are influenced and where safe behaviors have to be introduced . And that can come from traditional chiefs , from the opinion leaders in each community . " Asked whether he believed the United States was overreacting to the potential spread of Ebola , Piot said he hoped the extensive media coverage of the virus would ensure that people are more aware of how to protect themselves . But he said he also believed it was possible to get the current outbreak under control . "  I 'm not worried about an epidemic in the larger population , " he said . "  There will be cases . I think we should not be naive about that . But I think it can be contained . "	WHO warns 10,000 Ebola cases per week possible in West Africa by end of year Peter Piot co-discovered Ebola virus in 1976 , concerned about outbreak response Piot has warned of ` unimaginable catastrophe ' if the virus becomes lodged in a mega-city
Washington  CNN  -- If you commute using one of the 10 most clogged highways in the United States , you could ride a bicycle to work faster than you could drive , according to a new study that evaluates the countless hours drivers waste in gridlock on roadways each year . By using GPS-equipped vehicles to record commuting experiences on the nation 's roads , analysts studied traffic from a database containing approximately 100 million vehicles including taxis , airport shuttles , service delivery vans , long haul trucks and passenger cars in 2011 . A 13-mile stretch of the San Diego Freeway outside Los Angeles ranked as the most traffic-choked freeway in the nation . But drivers in Honolulu spent the most time in traffic , averaging 58 hours a year stuck in stop-and-go traffic . Researchers found urban areas are actually seeing traffic congestion decrease at a significant rate nationwide for the first time since 2008 . Seventy of the country 's Top 100 most populated cities showed a drop in traffic congestion last year . The study was commissioned by INRIX , a software company based in Kirkland , Washington , that provides traffic - and driver-related mobile apps and online services . Among the study 's findings : -- Overall , there was a 30 % drop in traffic congestion nationwide , but it came with a cost . Due in part to weak employment conditions and higher fuel prices , there are fewer drivers heading to the office , and those who do drive are driving less , the study found . -- Last year , only 890,000 of the 2.6 million new jobs were in urban areas , according to the research . -- In cities such as Tampa , Houston and Austin , Texas , research showed improved jobless numbers led to busier roadways . -- Eight of the 10 worst stretches of road for average travel time and delays were in New York or Los Angeles . -- On average , Americans spend around 40 hours per year behind the wheel in commuter bottlenecks . -- Both the best and worst weekday times to be on the road occur on Fridays . Between 6 and 7 in the morning is the best commute time ; 5-6 p.m. is the pits . -- The worst morning commute is on Tuesday . So when 's the best time to be on the road ? The research says Monday . "  People tend to take a little more time getting to the office " on Mondays , said INRIX communications chief Jim Bak . "  Also , when people take a long three-day weekend , it 's often on Monday , " The 10 cities with the worst commutes , including hours spent in gridlocked traffic and worst 15-minute traffic intervals , were : -- Honolulu : 58 hours ; 5:15 -5:30 p.m. Tuesday . -- Los Angeles : 56 hours ; 5:45 -6 p.m. Thursday . -- San Francisco : 48 hours ; 5:45 -6 p.m. Thursday . -- New York : 57 hours ; 5:30 -5:45 p.m. Friday . -- Bridgeport , Connecticut : 42 hours ; 5:30 -5:45 p.m. Friday . -- Washington : 45 hours ; 5:45 -6 p.m. Thursday . -- Seattle : 33 hours ; 5:30 -5:45 p.m. Thursday . -- Austin , Texas : 30 hours ; 5:30 -5:45 p.m. Thursday . -- Boston : 35 hours ; 5:30 -5:45 p.m. Thursday . -- Chicago : 36 hours ; 5:30 -5:45 p.m. Thursday . Top 10 worst stretches of highway in the nation in 2011 for daily commutes were : 1 . Los Angeles : A 13-mile stretch of San Diego Freeway/I -405 North from I-105 / Imperial Highway Interchange through the Getty Center Drive Exit , which takes 33 minutes on average with 20 minutes of delay . 2 . New York : A 16-mile stretch of the Long Island Expressway/I -495 East from the Maurice Avenue Exit to Minneola Avenue/Willis Avenue Exit -- 39 minutes ; 22 minutes of delay . 3 . Los Angeles : A 15-mile stretch of the Santa Monica Freeway/I -10 East from CA-1 / Lincoln Boulevard Exit to Alameda Street -- 35 minutes ; 20 minutes of delay . 4 . New York : An 3-mile stretch of I-678 North  Van Wyck Expressway  from Belt Parkway to Main Street -- 13 minutes ; 10 minutes of delay . 5 . Los Angeles : A 17.5-mile stretch of I-5 South  Santa Ana/Golden State freeways  from E. Caesar Chavez Avenue to Valley View Avenue exits -- 40 minutes ; 22 minutes of delay . 6 . New York : A 10-mile stretch of I-278 West  Brooklyn Queens/Gowanus Expressway  from NY-25A / Northern Boulevard to the NY-27 / Prospect Expressway exits -- 31 minutes on average , with 18 minutes of delay . 7 . Los Angeles : An 8-mile stretch of I-405 South  San Diego Freeway  from Nordhoff Street to Mulholland Drive -- 22 minutes ; with 14 minutes of delay . 8 . New York : A 6-mile stretch of Van Wyck Expressway from Horace Harding Expressway to Linden Boulevard -- 20 minutes ; 13 minutes of delay . 9 . Pittsburgh : A 3-mile stretch of Penn Lincoln Parkway/I -376 East from Lydia Street to the US-19 TK RT/PA -51 Exit -- 13 minutes ; nine minutes of delay in the morning peak period . 10 . San Francisco : An 11-mile stretch of the California Delta Highway from Bailey Road to Somersville Road -- 16 minutes ; 11 minutes of delay .	Honolulu drivers spent the most time in gridlock in 2011 , the INRIX study found Traffic congestion was down in 70 of the largest 100 U.S. cities Weak employment and high fuel prices were contributing factors , researchers say Most of the worst stretches of traffic congestion were in New York and L.A.
FALLS CHURCH , Virginia  CNN  -- Michelle Mack has turned medical thinking upside down . The right side of Michelle Mack 's brain rewired itself to take over functions controlled by the left . Born with only half a brain , Mack can speak normally , graduated from high school and has an uncanny knack for dates . At 27 , doctors determined that the right side of her brain had essentially rewired itself to make up for function that was likely lost during a pre-birth stroke . But her childhood and young adult years were fraught with frustration . "  It was very hard for me , " Mack said . "  It was very hard for me growing up . No one knew the truth about my brain . " Mack 's parents , Carol and Wally , realized shortly after her birth that something was wrong . "  There was n't a group to turn to , " said Carol Mack . "  Michelle did n't have cerebral palsy , I knew that . She did n't have Down 's syndrome , I knew that . I had no place to turn . " Ten years ago , Dr. Jordan Grafman , chief of the Cognitive Neuroscience Section at the National Institutes of Health , finally diagnosed the problem . Watch how Mack 's brain healed itself " An MRI scan revealed she was missing nearly all the left side of her brain . While it was clear Mack has some problems , Grafman said he and the family were shocked by the extent of the damage . "  We were surprised to see the extent of the lesion in her brain , which basically took away the left side of her brain , " said Grafman . "  There 's some very deep structures remaining , but the surface of her brain , the cortex is 95 percent gone and some of the deeper structures , structures that control movement , are missing . These are all structures that are important for movement , behavior , cognition . " The only answer , Grafman said , was that Mack 's brain has rewired itself . The remaining half took over some of the essential functions that are normally done by the left , such as speaking and reading . That rewiring , however , came at a cost . "  Michelle has fairly normal language abilities , certainly basic language abilities , she can construct a sentence , she can understand instructions , she can find words when she 's talking , but actually she has some trouble in some aspects of visual-spatial processing , " said Grafman . "  It 's quite possible that in her learning , in her development , when the right hemisphere either took over or developed some of the language abilities that it cost her in some of the skills that are normally mediated by the right side of the brain , " added Grafman . In the 10 years since Grafman first diagnosed Mack , she has seen some intellectual functions improve , the doctor said . Recovery has not been perfect , however . Mack still struggles with abstract concepts and becomes easily lost in unfamiliar surroundings . The diagnosis explained why Mack had experienced a lifetime of difficulty controlling her emotions . "  He 's helped us understand the reason why I tend to throw fits , temper tantrums , " she said . "  It was because I was missing half my brain . " Mack will always have some problems , but dad Wally Mack said that Grafman 's diagnosis and treatment answered a lot of questions and gave him hope . "  Dr. Grafman explained that the right hemisphere is taking over , and it might take her a little while longer to get there with all the rewiring that has to take place , " he said . "  But that told us all these bad days are behind us and there are nothing but good days ahead . " Michelle Mack is now 37 and lives with her mother and father . She works from home doing data entry for her church . She is fairly independent , pays rent and can do most household chores . She realizes she 'll need help for the rest of her life but wanted to tell her story to make it clear that she is not helpless . "  I wanted to do this so people like producers , photographers and security guards and police officers learn about people like me , " she said , "  that I 'm normal but have special needs , and that there are a lot people like me , so that they could be more understanding . " CNN 's Campbell Brown contributed to this report .	Doctor : Lesion "  basically took away the left side " of Michelle Mack 's brain Right side of her brain essentially rewired itself to take over left-side functions She lost some language ability , emotional control because of the rewiring Mack 's message to the world : "  I 'm normal but have special needs "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Over the past 20 years , robotics have revolutionized surgery , and new innovations are continuing to push the boundaries of medicine . The "  da Vinci " system revolutionized keyhole surgery . Mike Rustic , senior lecturer at the mechanical engineering department at Imperial College , London , says machines such as the "  da Vinci " system have had a huge impact on surgery . The "  da Vinci " first appeared in 1991 and lets surgeons carry out keyhole surgery remotely , allowing them to control robot arms from a console that also provides a three-dimensional image of the proceedings . While the "  da Vinci " system is the most widespread robotic surgery tool , Rustic says the "  Sensei Robotic Catheter System " is also starting to be used for electrophysiology procedures on the heart . Take a look at the past , present and future of surgery " A new exhibition at London 's Royal College of Surgeons called "  Sci-Fi Surgery : Medical Robots " has displays ranging from the "  da Vinci " system to prototype microbots designed to be swallowed and self-assembled in the human body . Rustic says there is much ongoing research into micro machines -- miniaturized robots that could be placed in a patient 's body to gather information or carry out medical procedures . But he says that although pill cameras -- cameras that are swallowed by a patient to provide images of their digestive system -- are already in common use , micro machines remain some way off . "  Micro machines are basically one of the holy grails , but it will take a while before we see something , " he told CNN . "  The difficulty is that even if you can make little motors you need to power them up and you have to be able to communicate with them and direct them . " Rustic says one innovation on the horizon is a device being developed by Imperial College that would allow a surgeon to remotely control an endoscope while a patient is inside a Magnetic Resonance Imaging  MRI  machine , which would give real-time image feedback during gastric procedures and prostate biopsies . But he adds that currently , robotic surgery devices are often prohibitively expensive and tend to be used for a narrow range of procedures . He told CNN that he would like to see an economical robot that can be reconfigured to perform a wide range of procedures in a standardized way , so that training can be simplified . "  There is currently a gap . We are trying to produce complex machines to replace surgical tools , which are hand tools . It 's like when industry moved from a chisel and hammer to machine tools . " Pier Cristoforo Giulianotti is a professor at the University of Illinois department of surgery . He told CNN that as more manufacturers join the medical robotics marketplace , innovation will speed up and prices will come down . He sees the future as bringing extreme miniaturization of tools , as well as developments in augmented reality , where visual displays show computer-generated images and information overlaid onto images of the real world . Giulianotti can not foresee a time when robots replace surgeons , but he has no doubts over the importance of robotics . "  Robot surgery is the future of medicine , " he said .	A new exhibition is demonstrating how robotics have revolutionized surgery The "  da Vinci " system became the first widespread robotic surgery tool "  Micro machines are basically one of the holy grails , " says Mike Rustic
CNN  -- At least four people , including three soldiers , were killed on Tuesday in a blast that struck a military truck as it traveled along a road in Turkey 's southeastern Tunceli province , according to local officials and state media . Turkish state TV channel TRT reported the deaths and several injuries on its website , and blamed the attack on terrorists . One of those killed was a passerby . It was unclear if the attack caused more casualties . Many ambulances were sent to the scene in central Tunceli , the semiofficial Anatolia news agency reported . An official with the Tunceli governor 's office , who was not identified because he was not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that the office was not yet able to confirm the number of dead or injured . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . However , suspicion within Turkey is likely to fall on Kurdish militants . Tunceli province is a predominantly Kurdish region where frequent clashes have occurred between the Turkish military and fighters from the militant Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK . The International Crisis Group said in a report last week that Turkey 's long-simmering war with the Kurdish insurgency had escalated , raising casualties to a level not seen in more than a decade . More than 700 people have been killed in the past 14 months , according to the conflict resolution organization that has extensively researched Turkey 's war with the PKK . Turkey , the United States , and the European Union have formally labeled the PKK a terrorist organization . The Kurds , Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , make up roughly 20 percent of the population . CNN 's Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	At least three soldiers and a passerby were killed when blast hits military truck , state media reported The vehicle was traveling along a road in southeastern Tunceli province Tunceli governor 's office said it could not yet confirm the number of casualties Tunceli province is a predominantly Kurdish area
ST. BERNARD PARISH , Louisiana  CNN  -- This year , the anniversary of Hurricane Katrina will hold new meaning for Tina Caserta and her family . Liz McCartney runs the St. Bernard Project , which helps families rebuild in a parish hit by Hurricane Katrina . Like countless other residents from St. Bernard Parish , a community just east of New Orleans , Caserta lost everything in the storm . She had lived there since she was 12 , married and raised her three sons there and even lived on the same street as her husband 's family . "  We had nothing to salvage ... nothing , " said Caserta , 41 . She returned to her community just two months after Katrina , but she and her family have been enduring the challenges of moving from one form of FEMA housing to another ever since . When the family home she had been fighting to return to was condemned and torn down earlier this year , it was the final straw for Caserta . "  I was spiraling down , " she said , choking up . "  I was totally hopeless . " That 's when she found Liz McCartney and her nonprofit St. Bernard Project . In the past three years , McCartney and her team have helped more than 230 families rebuild and move back into their homes . At the fourth anniversary of Katrina , Caserta and her family finally see a light at the end of the tunnel . "  The day that St. Bernard Project called and told me they -LSB- would -RSB- be able to help my family rebuild , that was the first day I felt like I could breathe , " recalled Caserta . "  They gave my family hope . " McCartney , 37 , was honored last November as the CNN Hero of the Year for her efforts in St. Bernard Parish . She said the CNN Heroes award has had an incredible impact on the effectiveness of her St. Bernard Project , which she co-founded with Zack Rosenberg . More than 5,000 new volunteers have joined their cause , bringing their total to date to 15,000 ; and the group has raised more than $ 300,000 from new funding sources . "  We 're rebuilding homes more efficiently than ever before , " McCartney said . But her ultimate goal remains the same : "  We want to work ourselves out of a job . " Read more about CNN Hero Liz McCartney and her efforts in St. Bernard Parish For McCartney , that means helping to address the housing needs of thousands of families still living in Federal Emergency Management Agency trailers or temporary housing . The St. Bernard Project recently expanded to rebuild homes in New Orleans and opened a center for wellness and mental health , offering residents one-on-one and group counseling , among other clinical services . A combination of the heartbreaking stories of continued suffering and the speed at which her group can get those families back to normal , said McCartney , "  re-energizes me and everyone on our staff about working harder and working smarter to get the job done . " To that end , this anniversary will be "  business as usual " for the group , she said . Beginning Friday , it will hold a 24-hour build . McCartney predicts at least 120 volunteers from all over the country will each work an eight-hour shift to help build four homes . "  We get out there and show how much work can get done in a 24-hour period , which is pretty significant , " McCartney said . Watch how McCartney 's organization helped one St. Bernard resident move home Caserta and her 17-year-old son signed up to volunteer with the graveyard shift because "  it will give us a chance to help another family out and give them the hope that I feel . " The organization also plans to launch a yearlong campaign called "  4 NOLA , " which will include a number of fundraisers and events throughout the country . "  It focuses on the positive , promotes the progress we 've made , but shows that we still have a ways to go , " McCartney said . "  We 've seen thousands of people who are ready , willing and able to respond to the needs of their fellow Americans . It 's our job to continue reminding them that the need here is great . " Watch McCartney describe her turning point while volunteering in New Orleans Today , McCartney is optimistic . And thanks to her organization 's efforts to bring the community back , Caserta and many other St. Bernard Parish families are optimistic , too . "  This is going to be the first time that I can actually go through the anniversary with tears of joy , not tears of sorrow , " Caserta said . "  Every day I see the progress -LSB- of -RSB- these volunteers , it makes me able to accept that date and the reality of what it 's done to my family . Without people like Liz , people like me would n't have that opportunity to come home . "	Hurricane Katrina destroyed Tina Caserta 's home four years ago The St. Bernard Project is helping her rebuild Liz McCartney has expanded organization 's efforts since winning CNN Hero award Thousands of families still live in trailers or temporary housing
CNN  -- A U.S. drone crashed Saturday in Pakistan 's tribal region , U.S. and Pakistani officials said . The cause of the crash was unknown , but a U.S. official denied reports that the drone had been shot down . Two Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN that witnesses in North Waziristan reported the crash near the village of Machikhel . The Pakistanis had only these witness accounts to go by , and were working to verify the crash and its causes with its own sources , the officials said . North Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region and widely believed to be a sanctuary for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that fuel the insurgency across the border in Afghanistan . Two drone strikes killed 12 suspected insurgents in the region on February 16 . The United States does not publicly acknowledge its drone program , although President Barack Obama commented on such strikes in January and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta acknowledged the use of CIA predator drones in the region last year . The CIA did not comment on Saturday 's incident . CNN 's Pam Benson and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	A U.S. official confirms that a drone crashed in Pakistan Pakistan officials have witnesses who saw the drone go down The cause of the crash is under investigation
Baghdad  CNN  -- The Islamic State of Iraq has claimed responsibility for Thursday 's attacks in that country that killed dozens of people and wounded hundreds more . The umbrella group , which includes al Qaeda in Iraq , issued an audio message that was posted on an al Qaeda-linked website . "  Shiite forces have been conducting campaigns , targeting Sunni people inside their homes day and night , " the group 's spokesman , Abu Mohammed al-Adnani , said in the message . "  I am calling on Sunni people in Iraq to wake up before it 's too late and put their hands with the jihadis ' hands and stand against the Shiite campaign , " he said . Al-Adnani added a warning that "  the gates of hell have opened " and that the Islamic State of Iraq "  will carry out more attacks in the near future by suicide bombers , car bombs and roadside bombs . " He specifically threatened that the group will track down Shiite judges and investigators . The series of explosions and shootings Thursday killed at least 44 people and wounded more than 200 in Baghdad and elsewhere , police said . While most of the Baghdad attacks targeted majority Shiite neighborhoods , explosions also took place in the majority Sunni provinces of Salaheddin , Diyala , and Mosul . The country has seen more coordinated attacks since U.S. troops withdrew from Iraq at the end of 2011 , the official said . An Iraqi government spokesman declined comment Thursday . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said it "  strongly condemns " the terrorist attacks . "  These heinous acts targeted people going to work and shopping , children going to school and security forces working to protect the citizenry , " the embassy said , adding the attacks were "  targeted at all the people of Iraq in a desperate effort to undermine Iraqi society and its institutions . " The United Nations ' Assistance Mission in Iraq also condemned the violence "  in the strongest possible terms . " "  The continuing violent attacks on Iraqis are totally unacceptable and have to stop , " said Martin Kobler , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general , in a statement . The attacks "  are meant to hinder the achievement of national unity and stability , " he said . Iraq 's Sunni , Shiite and Kurdish leaders have squared off in recent months after an arrest warrant was issued for Tariq al-Hashimi , the country 's Sunni vice president . Al-Hashimi is accused of organizing his security detail into a death squad that targeted government and military officials . The warrant was issued shortly after the vice president 's Sunni-backed Iraqiya party said it would boycott Parliament , saying Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process . Al-Hashimi last week denied the charges in a televised speech , saying the Iraqi judicial council is under the control and influence of the central government and that the charges are "  politically motivated . " Iraqi officials expressed concern Thursday that the violence could cast a shadow over Iraq 's hosting the next Arab summit on March 29 . The government said earlier this month that logistical and security arrangements had been agreed upon for the event .	The Islamic State of Iraq claims responsibility for Thursday 's attacks The group includes al Qaeda in Iraq The group threatens to track down and target Shiite officials
London , England  CNN  -- Airports in Ireland prepared to close overnight Saturday as a drifting ash cloud from an erupting volcano in Iceland prompted the United Kingdom 's air traffic authority to close airspace over parts of Northern Ireland . Belfast International , Dublin , Donegal , Sligo and Ireland West  Knock  airports were set to close at 7 a.m. local time , the air traffic authority said . The ash may force more airports to close again next week , the country 's Department of Transport said Saturday . If the volcano in Iceland continues to erupt at current levels and if current weather conditions prevail , air travel in Britain could be disrupted between Sunday and Tuesday . "  The government is carefully monitoring this situation and the safety of passengers will remain our paramount concern , " said Transport Secretary Philip Hammond . The department said predictions remain fluid , urging passengers to check with airlines before taking any action . British Airways said it would notify passengers of potential disruptions on its Web site . "  There is a distinct possibility of some disruption from the ash cloud over the southeast of England but it is too early to tell if this will extend as far as Heathrow or Gatwick yet , " a BA spokesman told CNN . Volcanic ash had forced the closing of Iceland 's main airport Friday but it reopened at midnight and was operating normally on Saturday . Earlier in the week , traffic was shut down in airports from central Spain to the Canary Islands off the coast of Africa . The problems began in mid-April , when the volcano beneath the Eyjafjallajokull glacier in southern Iceland erupted and sent a cloud of ash into the atmosphere , disrupting international travel for several days . Volcanic ash can be a serious hazard to aircraft , reducing visibility , damaging flight controls and ultimately causing jet engines to fail . British ministers agreed Saturday that five-day ash-prediction charts -- the first of which will come out later Saturday -- would now be made available to airlines , other transport providers and the public on the Met Office website . Previously only 18-hour forecasts had been available . CNN 's Caroline Paterson contributed to this report .	Belfast International , Dublin , Donegal , Sligo and Ireland West  Knock  airports set to close Volcano , weather may disrupt air travel in Britain between Sunday and Tuesday Transport department urges passengers to check with airlines before taking action
CNN  -- England beat India by a crushing 319 run margin with a day to spare in the second test at Trent Bridge to take a 2-0 lead in the four-test series . Tim Bresnan was the hero , taking five wickets after hitting a brutal 90 to set India a near-impossible target of 478 runs to win the match . The fourth day started with England in a commanding position , having turned the test on its head . At one stage India had reduced England to 128-8 during the first innings , but it was the home side that went on to dominate the next two days with both bat and ball . Bresnan 's quick-fire 90 in the morning session helped England reach a huge second innings total of 544 runs . And with such a big score to chase India needed to start well , which they failed to do . Bresnan dropped India 's opening batsman Abinhav Makund first ball , but it did n't mark a change in fortunes for the visitors . After tea they had slumped to 129-8 when Harbhajan Singh , whose 46 was one of the few bright spots of the Indian innings , was caught off Bresnan . But it was down to man-of-the-match Stuart Broad to bowl Sreesanth for the final wicket . After two emphatic victories England will be confident of becoming the best test side in the world , a position currently held by their opponents . England will overtake India if they win the third test at Edgbaston next week .	England beat India by 319 runs in the second test at Trent Bridge The hosts now take a 2-0 lead in the series Victory in the third test will see England overtake India as the world 's best side Third test starts August 10
