CNN  -- A pair of second half goals from Lionel Messi gave Barcelona a 2-0 win over 10-man Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League semifinal in the Bernabeu Wednesday . A scrappy and ill-tempered affair saw Real 's Portuguese international defender Pepe sent off after 61 minutes with manager Jose Mourinho also dismissed to the stands for complaining about the decision . Earlier , a melee in the tunnel at halftime had Barcelona reserve goalkeeper Jose Pinto shown a red card by German referee Wolfgang Stark . It took a moment of typical Messi magic to break the deadlock , connecting with a fine cross from substitute Ibrahim Afellay for his 76th minute opener . And with four minutes remaining , Messi rounded off a fine night for Barcelona with a majestic second , weaving his way through the Real defense to beat Iker Casillas with ease . El Clasico : The billion dollar grudge match It takes his tally for the season to 52 , with 11 coming in the Champions League and leaves Real with an almost insurmountable task in the second leg in the Nou Camp next week . Mourinho 's men had worked hard to cancel out Barcelona as they had to such good effect in beating them in the final of the Copa del Rey last week and the tactics worked well in the first half . Cristiano Ronaldo , the match winner in that final , came close with a shot which surprised Victor Valdes in the Barca goal and Mesut Ozil might have scored from the rebound . Barcelona had the bulk of the possession without looking their threatening best until the match turned on Pepe 's dismissal as he lunged for a high bouncing ball and caught Dani Alves . The decision looked harsh and Mourinho was quick to show his displeasure and with the extra man it was Barcelona who capitalized with David Villa forcing a fine save from Casillas before Messi 's double strike . An angry Mourinho hit out at the referee 's decision after the match . "  Another miracle with ten men was n't possible , " he told AFP . "  Yes , I think we are eliminated . We will go to Camp Nou with everything and to get a result but I ca n't see it . "  We will be without Pepe and  Sergio  Ramos who did n't do anything and neither did I. I just want to know why ? Why did Pepe get sent off ? I just want someone to explain . Why did it happen ? " With Manchester United also leading 2-0 from their away leg against Schalke Tuesday , the stage looks set for a repeat of the 2009 Champions League final , won by Barcelona .	Lionel Messi scores twice as Barcelona beat Real Madrid 2-0 in Bernabeu Real have defender Pepe sent off on the hour mark for foul on Dani Alves Manager Jose Mourinho sent to the stands for protesting decision Winners will play Manchester United or Schalke in Champions League final
CNN 's Going Green : Oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . Join CNN Special Correspondent Philippe Cousteau as he explores Australia 's Great Barrier Reef with scientists from the Catlin Seaview Survey as they map the extraordinary eco-system with pioneering photographic equipment . Watch the 30-minute Going Green : Oceans special on Friday March 29 at 15:30 GMT  11:30 ET  . Join Cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 GMT for a live one-hour Twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . Send your questions to Philippe using #CousteauCNN	Environmental advocate Philippe Cousteau hosting a Going Green : Oceans special Cousteau joins team from Catlin Seaview Survey as they map Australia 's Great Barrier Reef Watch Friday March 29 at 15:30 GMT  11:30 ET Join Cousteau for Twitter chat immediately after show #CousteauCNN
CNN  -- Kevin Smith used to think he led a comfortable middle-class existence that included a car and a home in a subdivision in Raleigh , North Carolina . But then he lost his job and felt himself slipping into the have-not corner . He , like a majority of Americans who responded to a new survey issued Wednesday , believes the gap between America 's rich and poor is getting wider . He is n't resentful of people who sleep in mansions and drive swank cars , but he is angry at a system that he says allows the greedy to take advantage of people . "  I am not angry at rich people , " said Smith , 51 . "  I am angry at the people who manipulate the system . " America 's top 1 % of the population saw their incomes skyrocket by 275 % between 1979 and 2007 , according to the Congressional Budget Office , creating a disparity that is foremost in people 's minds . Conflict between rich and poor is at an all-time high , at least in the way of public perception , a new Pew Research Center poll shows . The survey found that 66 % of adults believe there are "  very strong " or "  strong " conflicts between the two groups . That number spiked 19 percentage points since Pew last posed that question in 2009 . "  As a result , in the public 's evaluations of divisions within American society , conflicts between rich and poor now rank ahead of three other potential sources of group tension -- between immigrants and the native born ; between blacks and whites ; and between young and old , " the survey said . Author Richard Morin said he was surprised by the magnitude of change and by the uniformity of it . It was n't just a bunch of young liberals saying it , Morin said . Old and young , rich and poor , liberal and conservative alike agreed that tensions were running high between the social classes . "  That tells us something is very different about the social landscape , " he said . However , the poll did find that younger adults , Democrats and African-Americans are somewhat more likely than older people , Republicans , whites or Hispanics to note strong conflict between rich and poor . For example , among Democrats in the Pew survey , 73 % responded that class conflicts were serious ; among Republicans , 55 % . Obviously , Morin said , the downturn in the economy has been a driving force behind public perceptions . Then there was the spread of the Occupy Wall Street movement and the media attention to economic issues . "  These data suggest that it may have left its mark , " he said . But that does n't necessarily mean the poor are piling on grievances toward the rich . Nor is there growing support for government intervention to close the gap . "  In fact , other questions in the survey show that some key attitudes toward the wealthy have remained largely unchanged , " the Pew poll said . "  For example , there has been no change in views about whether the rich became wealthy through personal effort or because they were fortunate enough to be from wealthy families or have the right connections . " In the survey , 46 % said they believe that most rich people "  are wealthy mainly because they know the right people or were born into wealthy families . " Almost as many , 43 % , said people were rich because of their own hard work , ambition or education , not much different than the 2008 results . Caroline Gray of Winnetka , Illinois , is only 16 but she is keenly aware of public perceptions . "  I think there definitely is much stronger conflict than there ever was before , " she said . "  I live in a suburb of Chicago that is very wealthy . I see bad attitudes . " For one , she said , people who are wealthy tell her they are not willing to be taxed on their hard-earned money to help the poor . "  Somehow , " Gray said , "  they think that they are better . ' Chad Hale , executive director of the Georgia Avenue Community Ministry in Atlanta , senses a greater climate of fear and anxiety among the 275 families his program helps in the way of food . "  It feels like class tensions are rising , " he said . "  I see it when I look at how those in power act in terms of resources . Those resources are allocated less and less to those who do n't have . "  I think there is a general perception that overall , those who have the most have gained it at the expense of those who have the least by paying the least wages possible , by being greedy , " Hale said . Discussion of class conflict reminds Hale of the comic strip "  Wizard of Id " when it dealt with the topic of the war on poverty . "  I 'm winning , " the king replies . "  Those who have the most are winning , and they intend to keep it that way , " Hale said . "  That 's the general sense of the way things are in America . " Pew surveyed 2,048 adults	Perception of strong class conflict cuts across incomes , race and ideology A new Pew poll found that 66 % of adults believe the conflict is "  very strong " or "  strong " The economy and Occupy movement have fueled opinion , the survey 's author says But key attitudes toward the wealthy are largely unchanged
CNN  -- Somali lawmakers voted for a new president Monday , a key milestone for the war-torn nation as it establishes its first stable central government in decades . Parliament members picked Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , a political newcomer who has worked for the United Nations and several international organizations . The new president , who also served as a university professor , defeated the incumbent and some two dozen other candidates . The vote marks a milestone for the nation , which plunged into chaos after Dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown 21 years ago . Following his ouster , clan warlords and militants battled for control , sparking a civil war and mayhem nationwide . Somalia has not had an effective central government since then and has mostly remained under a shaky transitional federal government . "  Somali people have taken a great step forward on the path to peace and prosperity , " said Augustine P. Mahiga , the U.N. envoy to the nation . "  Today , Somalia 's parliamentarians â $ " in a calm , dignified and contemplative mannerâ $ " ended the transitional period decisively . Somalia has proved the doubters wrong and sent a powerful message of progress to all of Africa and indeed to the entire world . " The vote is the latest in a series of political transitions in the nation . In recent weeks , it has adopted a provisional constitution , selected members of parliament and appointed that body 's speaker . "  It has not been easy getting us to this point , " Mahiga said . "  There have been moments when all seemed lost and we have sometimes been on the brink of despair . " The White House congratulated the new president and called on Somali leaders "  to usher in a new era of governance that is responsive , representative and accountable . " "  The United States calls on the international community to reaffirm its commitment to Somalia , and to help realize a more secure and prosperous future for the Somali people , " it said in a statement . Candidates in Monday 's parliamentary vote included outgoing President Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , who has been in power since 2009 , and his prime minister . Both have been accused of failing to crack down on corruption and Islamist militants in the nation . Over the years , gunbattles between militants and government troops became a common fixture in the capital of Mogadishu , forcing lawmakers to meet in neighboring nations for security reasons . Somalis have fled in record numbers , and are living as refugees in nearby nations . Somalia 's problems have elevated into worldwide concerns as neighboring nations struggled to contain the influx of refugees and the instability fueled the growth of Islamist insurgents . This is the first time Somali politicians have picked a new leader at home because of security concerns , according to Hamza Mohamed , a Somali analyst based in London . "  Previous elections were held in Djibouti and Kenya , " he said . "  Because of this , Somalis feel they 're part of the process this time even though they 're not voting in the president . " Despite the move toward a more permanent government , challenges remain . Large parts of the country are under the control of militants and pirates . And even though insurgents have fled the capital and guns have fallen silent , portions of the nation remain lawless . African Union and Somali troops are battling Al-Shabaab militants , an al Qaeda-linked group that controls part of the nation 's south . The militant Islamist group has waged an insurgency against the weak transitional government since 2007 In recent months , the troops have driven the militants out of Mogadishu , and the capital is slowly trickling back to normalcy . Coalition forces are exerting control in more areas , but the nation was not secure enough to hold a nationwide vote . "  The transition is over . Somalia must now focus on stabilization , reconciliation and building sustainable and accountable institutions of governance capable of providing services to its people , " Mahiga said in a statement . The new president will serve a four-year term .	NEW : White House calls for "  a new era of governance " from Somalia 's leaders Hassan Sheikh Mohamud will serve a four-year term The political newcomer has worked for the United Nations and is a former university lecturer Somalia has not had an effective central government in decades
EW.com  -- Stomachs were n't the only thing full over Thanksgiving weekend -- so were movie theaters showing The Hunger Games : Catching Fire . The film pulled in a terrific $ 110.1 million over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period -- $ 74.5 million of that during the traditional weekend frame -- which gives the sequel a stunning $ 296.5 million domestic total after only 10 days .  The film has already pulled in a total of $ 573 million worldwide . Catching Fire set a new record for both the 3-day and 5-day Thanksgiving weekend , surpassing Harry Potter and the Sorcerer 's Stone , which grossed $ 57.5 million / $ 82.4 million in 2001 . Lionsgate 's $ 130 million sequel is now on track to easily outgross The Hunger Games ' $ 408 million domestic total . And if it maintains this pace , it could climb above $ 450 million . Amazingly , Disney 's animated musical Frozen also broke Harry Potter 's records during its opening weekend , though it was n't quite as gigantic as Catching Fire . Frozen grossed $ 93 million over five days and $ 66.7 million from Friday to Sunday . That number easily trumped Disney 's last animated princess film , Tangled , which grossed $ 68.1 million over its five-day Thanksgiving debut . Frozen scored with audiences , earning an "  A + " CinemaScore , which will help it earn back its $ 150 million budget  and much , much more  in no time . It 's not common that two films ever play as well simultaneously as Frozen and Catching Fire did this weekend . Who said women are n't box office draws ? Thor : The Dark World held onto third place with $ 15.5 million over the extended frame and $ 11.1 million for the weekend . Marvel 's $ 170 million superhero film has now earned $ 186.7 million , putting it just ahead of the original Thor 's $ 181 million domestic cume . Worldwide , The Dark World has already hammered up $ 591 million . In fourth , The Best Man Holiday grossed another $ 11.1 million over five days  $ 8.5 million for the traditional weekend frame  . Universal 's $ 17 million comedy has now earned $ 63.4 million total , and unsurprisingly , another sequel is already in the works . Jason Statham 's latest vehicle Homefront nabbed the fifth place slot with a $ 9.8 million five-day start . The film pulled in just $ 7 million over the typical weekend , and it joins Statham 's long list of middling box office performers . Still , Homefront , distributed by open Road Films , only cost $ 22 million to produce and it fared much better than fellow newcomer Black Nativity , which finished outside the Top 5 with just $ 5 million since Wednesday . The $ 17.5 million film stars Forest Whitaker , Angela Bassett , and Jennifer Hudson , but audiences were n't inspired to check it out . Weekend Box Office for Nov. 27-Dec . 1 1 . The Hunger Games : Catching Fire -- $ 110.1 million 2 . Frozen -- $ 93.0 million 3 . Thor : The Dark World -- $ 15.5 million 4 . The Best Man Holiday -- $ 11.1 million 5 . Homefront -- $ 9.8 million Two other new new arrivals in the Top 10 fell more on the side of Homefront and Black Nativity than Frozen or Catching Fire . Fox 's The Book Thief grossed a middling $ 6.4 million in five days after expanding into 1,234 theaters . Meanwhile , The Weinstein Co. 's Philomena found just $ 4.6 million in the same period of time from 835 theaters . Of course , no film fared as badly as Spike Lee 's remake Oldboy , which grossed just $ 1.3 million from 583 theaters between Wednesday until Sunday  $ 850,000 between Friday and Sunday  . The film 's awful $ 1,458 per-theater average wo n't merit further expansion in the weeks to come . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Catching Fire " made $ 110.1 million over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period Frozen also broke Harry Potter 's records during its opening weekend Thor : The Dark World held onto third place with $ 15.5 million
Simply sitting on his couch is painful . The walker next to Roy Middleton is the constant reminder that he is a long way from being healed . "  How do I feel about what happened ? " he said . "  How would anybody feel getting shot ? " Still visibly angry , Roy Middleton , 60 , sat down with CNN for his first television interview since sheriff 's deputies mistook him for a car thief and shot at him 15 times in his driveway , outside his own car . He may be the luckiest man you 've read about in a long time . Why ? Because , somehow , 13 of those bullets managed to miss him . The Florida man 's leg was shattered and is now being held together by metal rods . "  I ask myself why they shot me first . And why they shoot me so many times afterwards . Yeah , I ask why -- that 's all I can ask is why , " he told CNN . Escambia County sheriff 's deputies were responding to a neighbor 's 911 call when they arrived in Middleton 's Pensacola neighborhood early in the morning on July 27 . Middleton said he had had a couple of beers earlier and had just come home from a friend 's house . He said he was sober . He was in his car in his driveway but was mistaken for a car thief by his neighbor . Escambia County sheriff 's Deputy Jeremiah Meeks and Sgt. Matthew White walked up his driveway . According to Sheriff David Morgan , Middleton did not respond to their commands and kept going into and out of the car . With his car keys , which had a small gold flashlight on them , in his hand , Middleton allegedly lunged at the deputies . He was unarmed . "  The point to making the comments about the lunging was his herky-jerky movements that he was making . And again , a failure to follow the deputies ' instructions , " Morgan said . That 's when Meeks and White opened fire . They have been placed on paid administrative leave while the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigates the case . They will send their findings to the Escambia County state 's attorney 's office , which will determine whether any charges will be filed against them . "  There was nothing glaringly apparent to us that the officers did that was out of the ordinary in the given set of circumstances as have been given to us , " Morgan said in an interview with CNN . But Middleton says the deputies were not doing their job . "  They should have asked me , did I live here ? Ran my address or license plate or something , " he said . When asked to respond to Middleton 's comment , Morgan said , "  How long has Mr. Middleton been a law enforcement officer ? It 's a car burglary in progress . You do n't roll up behind the car , expose yourself or your partner and wait for the tag to come back . The officers get out of the car ... respond to the suspect . At this time Mr. Middleton was a suspect at that time . " Middleton is beginning the legal process to pursue a civil suit against the sheriff 's office for excessive force . He 's represented by Lorenzo Williams . "  Roy has been permanently injured . No question about it , " Williams said . "  If we can not resolve it through peaceful negotiation , then we have no other choice but to let the court of law evaluate their conduct . " But even Middleton is unsure what restitution would be sufficient or if an apology would suffice . "  I do n't know what you call enough , " he said . "  If it would make me walk again , yeah . "	"  I ask myself why they shot me first , " Roy Middleton tells CNN in an exclusive interview Middleton , 60 , is still angry about being shot by Escambia County sheriff 's officers Sheriff David Morgan maintains that Middleton did not respond to the deputies ' commands The deputies are on leave ; Middleton is preparing a civil lawsuit , his lawyer says
CNN  -- In a move that could reshape the Cuban economy , the government on Thursday announced a new law that allows for the sale of real estate . The National Assembly in August approved a plan to permit the sale of real estate , and the legislation itself officially was put on the books Wednesday . It goes into effect November 10 , the state-run newspaper Granma reported . The new law allows for the sale , exchange , donation and gifting of real estate even in cases of divorce , death , or the owner leaving the country permanently . As stated , the goal of the law is to "  eliminate prohibitions and make limitations  to property ownership  flexible . " The effect of creating a housing market in the stagnant Cuban economy is uncertain . For one , the law places some limitations -- including a prohibition of the ownership of more than one residential home and one vacation home . Also , only Cuban citizens living in the country or foreigners with permanent residences in Cuba may participate in the transactions . Buyers will be required to swear under oath that they do n't own other property . Under the law , in cases where the owner permanently leaves the country , the state confiscates the home and turns it over for free to any legitimate co-owners or family . Cuba has a population of 11 million people and a housing shortage . It 's not unusual to find three or four generations crammed into a small apartment or divorced couples under the same roof . Before the law , a black market for real estate existed , where houses were swapped .	A new law in Cuba allowing some real estate sales goes into effect next week The legislation is seen as a major reform Owners are limited to one residential home and one vacation property
CNN  -- For the second time this month , a U.S. service member who worked in a military sexual assault prevention program has been accused of a sexual crime . In the latest incident , an Army sergeant first class assigned to such a program at Fort Hood , Texas , is being investigated for alleged sexual assault , pandering , abusive sexual contact and maltreatment of subordinates . Charges had not been filed as of Wednesday morning . A Defense Department official says "  initial indications " show that are at least one person may have been forced into prostitution activity , but the matter remains under investigation no conclusions have been drawn yet . The sergeant has not been named . In a statement that does not use pronouns that would identify the gender of the service member , the Defense Department said that the person has been suspended from all duties . The allegations come as the military is under intense scrutiny for sexual assaults within its ranks . The number of service members anonymously reporting a sexual assault grew by more than 30 % in the past two years , according to a Pentagon report released last week . More than 26,000 troops experienced "  unwanted sexual contact , " a significant jump from 19,300 troops , a figure reported in a 2010 report on the topic . The news of the Fort Hood case comes as the military prepares for a historic move : opening combat roles to women for the first time . It 's unclear how that might affect the apparently increasing problem of sexual assault . The department 's own research indicates that both genders are victimized . Consider that 10,700 of the 19,300 troops were men , according to the 2010 report . On Wednesday , the investigation into the Fort Hood case continued as special agents from the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command were in charge . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel was told about the case Tuesday and met with Army Secretary John McHugh . "  I can not convey strongly enough his frustration , anger and disappointment over these troubling allegations and the breakdown in discipline and standards they imply , " Defense Department spokesman George Little said of Hagel . Hagel has ordered that all service members working in sexual assault prevention units be retrained and screened again . If they pass , they will get new credentials . That should also apply to personnel and military recruiters . An Air Force officer who was arrested the first weekend in May on allegations that he attacked a woman and groped her buttocks and breasts in an Arlington , Virginia , parking lot was a personnel officer by training , said Gen. Mark Welsh , the Air Force chief of staff . After top Air Force officer charged in sex assault , military faces questions In February , Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski was placed in charge of a branch of the Air Force 's Sexual Assault Prevention and Response program , and he oversaw a five-person office , an Air Force official told CNN after the incident . The official declined to be named , citing the ongoing law enforcement case . Shortly after Krusinski 's arrest , military officials appeared before a congressional panel for an already scheduled hearing on sexual assault in the military . Welsh described Krusinski when he was asked what made him qualified to work in the sex assault prevention program . Krusinski , 41 , is a 1994 graduate of the Air Force Academy who served tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan . He made an initial court appearance last week . He did not enter a plea . During the hearing , lawmakers brought up yet another case that has made headlines involving sexual assault . Lt. Col. James Wilkerson III was found guilty last year by a jury of Air Force officers of sexually assaulting a woman at his home outside Aviano Air Base in Italy . General defends decision in Aviano case He spent four months in a Navy brig before Lt. Gen. Craig Franklin , the convening authority in the case , threw out the verdict . Franklin was the officer who ordered Wilkerson 's court-martial at Ramstein Air Base in Germany . But military law allowed him to have the final say . "  After considering all matters in the entire record of trial , I hold a genuine and reasonable doubt that Lt. Col. Wilkerson committed the crime of sexual assault , " Franklin said in a letter to the Air Force secretary released publicly this week . Pentagon officials told CNN that it is rare for charges to be dismissed in this manner . The decision angered victims ' rights groups and some members of Congress . "  I am extremely disturbed , " said Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , who chaired a hearing last month on the issue . "  I do n't know how you can say that having 19,000 sexual assaults and rapes a year is discipline and order . " Military rape victims : Stop blaming us Reports of sexual assault appear to be weighing heavily on higher-ranking officers . "  This is so contrary to everything upon which the Army was built , " McHugh , the Army secretary , has said during testimony before the House Appropriations Committee defense subcommittee . "  To see this kind of activity happening in our ranks is really heart-wrenching and sickening . " He spoke generally about sex abuse crimes in the military . Survey indicates troubling trend in military sexual assaults "  As I said to our new Brigadier General Corps when I spoke to them about two weeks ago , ` You can do everything from this point forward in your military career perfectly , but if you fail on this , you have failed the Army , ' " McHugh reportedly said . After assault case , Hagel seeks changes to military legal process There were 3,374 sexual crimes reported in the military in fiscal year 2012 , a 6 % increase over the previous year , according to the Defense Department report issued last week . Military officials worry that many victims do n't come forward because they fear retaliation . But the numbers might indicate that more victims are willing to report crimes than in the past . On Monday , House Armed Services Committee Chairman Howard P. "  Buck " McKeon said he was outraged and disgusted by the Fort Hood allegations . He called the case the "  latest chapter in a long , sordid history of sexual abuse " in the military . The military was rocked in the early 1990s by the Tailhook scandal . A female Navy lieutenant said she had been sexually assaulted at a military convention by other service members . Revisiting the military 's Tailhook scandal McKeon , a California Republican , has a granddaughter in the Army . "  I see no meaningful distinction between complacency or complicity in the military 's latest failure to uphold their own standards of conduct , " he said . "  Nor do I see a distinction between the service member who orchestrated this offense and the chain of command that was either oblivious to or tolerant of criminal behavior . " CNN 's Barbara Starr , Dana Ford , Larry Shaughnessy and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Prostitution-related activity may have been involved , an official says Number of service members anonymously reporting sexual assault is up by more than 30 % "  No meaningful distinction between complacency or complicity , " says Rep. McKeon Soldier was assigned to a sexual harassment and assault response program
CNN  -- Below is a list of murder victims whom authorities linked to a string of killings in the Atlanta , Georgia , area from 1979 to 1981 . A jury found Wayne Williams guilty of murdering : Nathaniel Cater , 28 Jimmy Ray Payne , 21 Police attributed these deaths to Williams  closed cases  : Alfred Evans , 13 Yusef Bell , 9 Eric Middlebrooks , 14 Christopher Richardson , 12 Aaron Wyche , 10 Anthony Carter , 9 Earl Terrell , 11 Clifford Jones , 13 Charles Stephens , 12 Aaron Jackson , 9 Patrick Rogers , 16 Lubie Geter , 14 Terry Pue , 15 Patrick Baltazar , 11 Curtis Walker , 13 Jo Jo Bell , 15 Timothy Hill , 13 Eddie Duncan , 21 Larry Rogers , 20 Michael McIntosh , 23 John Porter , 28 William Barrett , 17 These cases remain open : Edward Smith , 14 Milton Harvey , 14 Jefferey Mathis , 10 Missing person whose body was never found : Darron Glass , 10 Deaths were initially part of the official investigation , but police found insufficient evidence to link to a serial killer or anyone else : Angel Lanier , 12 LaTonya Wilson , 7 Source : Homicide Task Force Return to interactive map	One of the 30 victims disappeared and a body was never found Wayne Willliams was convicted in two murders ; five cases remain open Police blamed 22 murders on Williams , but he was never charged in connection with them Return to interactive victims ' map
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Luke Russert , son of journalist Tim Russert , was part of a panel Wednesday that discussed youth voting on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " Luke Russert says dinner table political discussions were part of his upbringing . Besides the youth vote , Russert discussed his father 's death , his upbringing and his own future in journalism and political commentary . Tim Russert , 58 , was the host of NBC 's "  Meet the Press " and one of America 's leading political journalists . He died of a heart attack after collapsing at the network 's Washington bureau on June 13 . The following is an edited version of the show 's transcript . Watch video of the discussion " Larry King : How did you learn of your dad 's passing ? Luke Russert : I was in Florence , and I was at an Italian sports bar watching the Italy versus Romania game , and I got a call from my dad 's secretary that said he had fainted , and could I get in touch with my mother . Luckily , I was right across the street from the hotel where my mom was . I ran up to her room and said , "  Dad has fainted . " And we kind of learned in increments of what exactly happened . So it was basically about a half-hour after first hearing that he fainted that we actually knew he collapsed and had a heart attack . And at first , I was upset that I was so far away and removed . And I really wanted to be there . But in reality , it was really a blessing to be an ocean away , because it allowed my mother and me to have some real private time to collect our thoughts , to grieve in private , and not be inundated with all the media coverage and all the phone calls . So , you know , it was something that -- it was difficult , but to have that little cocoon , I think my mother and I really used it to our benefit . King : Must have been a long flight back . Russert : It was . It was a long nine-hour flight . But my mother has been so strong through this . And my family has been there for me every step of the way . My girlfriend has been wonderful . So I ca n't thank everybody enough . And obviously this happened , but it has made it a lot easier to have such good friends at NBC and all through Washington and my family personally . King : Were you brought up talking politics ? Russert : I was . It was always something that was always talked around the dinner table with my father and my mother from a very young age . One of my earliest memories is being a young toddler and remembering Ronald Reagan 's face on television . My dad was watching a press conference , most likely at that time on CNN . And it was just something that I always grew up around . And we also talked a lot of sports . We talked a lot of culture . But politics was something that I guess has been engrained in me at a very , very young age . King : Did he pick the brains of you and your friends ? Russert : He did . We would actually have some fun discussions where I would assume the role of who his guest would be on Sunday and try to answer the questions that he threw at me . And sometimes , if I could answer a question pretty well , he 'd say , "  That question 's too easy , I 've got to get rid of it . " So sometimes , I was a guinea pig for politicians . But it was a lot of fun . I enjoyed doing it . And he would also pick the brains of some of my friends . Some did pretty well , and some did n't . But he was always kind to all of us . King : When did you first vote ? Russert : I first voted when I was 18 , which would have been 2004 . And I registered at the same time I registered for the Selective Service , which I think they do here in the District of Columbia . So I 've been a registered voter since 2004 , and that 's the first time I cast an official ballot . King : How did it feel to vote ? Russert : It felt great . It kind of felt like you became a man or at least an adult in some capacity . That your decision -- your decision -- became part of the country and its leadership . And I 'll never forget the way I voted was I was in college my freshman year , 2004 , so I had to go by absentee ballot . And I was going to meet my father in South Bend , Indiana , for the Notre Dame/Boston College game . And I said , "  Dad , I 'd rather you bring the ballot personally so it does n't have to go through the mail , send it up to me in Boston . " So he brought the ballot , and I filled out my absentee ballot in a South Bend , Indiana , hotel room , and he brought it back and put it right in the FedEx for me . King : We have an e-mail question for you from David in Cary , North Carolina . "  Luke , my condolences , " it said . "  You 've shown great strength and character in recent days . Any chance we 'll see you reporting or doing commentary about the 2008 election ? " Russert : Oh yes , you just might . It 's something that I 'm definitely interested in . I think that I will probably be part of the peacock network . But you never know . I still have the sports show on XM Radio and Carville , and I kind of go into politics . But I would n't mind . King : What if CNN made a bid for you ? Russert : I 'd be your assistant , Larry ? King : You got it . You could come to work for us . I think I can speak for management . In fact , they 'll probably talk to you tomorrow based on just how well you 're handling yourself tonight . Russert : Well , I appreciate it . Everyone has been so kind . I 'd love to have the opportunity to come out here and talk about something that is important to me . And it was important to my father , which was young people getting involved . That really is the important issue tonight . Not me . That 's important .	Luke Russert says he learned of his father 's death while he was in Italy He thanks family , friends for helping him get through trying times Politics "  was just something that I always grew up around , " he says He says it "  felt great " to vote for the first time , urges young people to get involved
Ansan , South Korea  CNN  -- Kang Min Kyu , 52 , taught ethics . Kang , who was vice principal at Ansan 's Danwon High School , was rescued from the sinking Sewol ferry . Just two days after the accident , he was found dead after apparently hanging himself using a belt from a tree in the city of Jindo . In a note , he expressed regret he had survived while so many others had died . On a chilly Monday , around 4:30 a.m. , Kang 's coffin was led out of a funeral hall in a long , black hearse . It was too early for any sunlight . There were no pallbearers carrying the coffin -- only a quick walking procession of his family members and what appeared to be about a hundred others dressed in black following the car through the parking lot . No one spoke . His family members -- one son , two daughters and his wife dressed in all-black traditional Korean wear followed the hearse . When they reached the end of the parking lot of the funeral home , they got into the car . The whole walk took less than five minutes before the mourners got in and drove in a line of cars headed to the crematorium . Kang 's body had been found Friday in one of the small mountains near the Jindo Gymnasium where bereaved families are taking shelter , according to local police . He had gone to Jindo with the school in an effort to support families , said one fellow educator . "  As the one in charge of the safety of the students , he was suffering from guilty feelings , " another teacher had told Korean media . When some familes directed their anger at him , he became "  brokenhearted . " Over 300 students from the school and their teachers were aboard the ferry . Some are confirmed dead and and hope is dwindling that any more survivors will be found . 174 were rescued . Hundreds remain missing . Police have confirmed the contents of a note , which Kang left behind . He wrote that it was his idea for the field trip and that the deaths of the students were his fault . He said he could not live not knowing where his students are . He also wrote that he wonders whether he could still be their teacher on the other side , in death . Families protest over rescue operation The note also expressed a request to be cremated and his ashes scattered where the Sewol had sank . In Korean funerals , there are no ceremonies or eulogies -- they are a quiet , private affair . People who wish to say farewell visit a funeral room and pay their respects to the deceased one 's family . The family members receive guests for about three days . During this period , several students from the high school came to the funeral home to pay their respects to Kang 's family . Dressed in their school uniforms , they bowed to the family . Outside the funeral hall , some of them spoke about Kang . "  He was an ethics teacher , " said freshman Choi Yoo Jung . "  I wonder if that 's why it was hard for him . He was such a good person . He really liked students a lot . " Another student , Kim Hyun Soo , also a freshman , said she felt it was too harsh for Kang to be blamed for what happened on the ferry . "  The vice principal really liked students , " she said . "  It seems like he was really hard on himself . I do n't think anyone should be blaming him . " His death elicited sorry and sympathy across South Korea . Messages of sympathy and grief have been outpouring on social media . "  Teacher Kang Min Kyu , please rest in peace . Praying for the soul of the departed , " tweeted @minifi_0309 . "  We are so sorry ... " tweeted Kim Min Hyuk , a senior at the high school , who tweeted the name of the vice principal along with the names of other dead teachers from the ferry tragedy . Judging from the volume of flowers sent to his funeral room -- from ROTC , his high school classmates , his previous schools where he taught -- it appeared the educator for over 20 years was a well-respected one . The day before the funeral procession , his family declined to be interviewed . The hearse carrying his coffin traveled a few miles east and pulled into Danwon High School , circling the campus for one last time -- signifying Kang 's last visit to his school .	Kang Min Kyu , 52 , was vice principal at Danwon High School Initially rescued from the sinking ferry , he was found dead two days later In a suicide note , he expressed regret he survived while others died
Travel + Leisure  -- Portland , Oregon , does n't lack for fashionable boutique hotels , but to the west , along the Pacific Ocean , the options have tended to be as primal as the shoreline . Recently , however , a group of properties has sprung up on the northern coast , aiming to seduce 21st-century travelers with designs steeped in post-World War II Modernism . The Cannery Pier Hotel was built on the site of a fish-packing facility on the Columbia River . Each stop on this easy three-night itinerary provides a stylish Oregon beach getaway -- along with postcard-worthy water views . Day 1 : Portland to Astoria Follow the Columbia River Highway  U.S. 30  as it meanders along the waterway that led Lewis and Clark to the sea .  For more shore-hugging river views , cross the Oregon Way Bridge , just west of Rainier , and drive on Washington 's Ocean Beach Highway -- but be sure to return to Route 30 by crossing back over at Cathlamet . Make your way to Astoria , the oldest American settlement west of the Rockies  founded in 1811  , a revitalized former fishing town with Victorian architecture and a restored 1913 riverfront trolley . Take in the town -- and the mouth of the Columbia River -- from the 125-foot Astoria Column , and for a dramatic close-up of the Astoria Bridge , which connects Oregon and Washington , check in to the Cannery Pier Hotel  doubles from $ 299  . Built on the site of a fish-packing facility on a pier that extends 600 feet into the river , the four-year-old hotel embraces a Pacific Northwest version of loft architecture , with exposed steel beams in the atrium-style lobby and hardwood floors in the 46 balconied rooms . The best place to eat is just a short stroll down the pier at the Bridgewater Bistro  dinner for two $ 75 ; 503 / 325-6777  . The restaurant offers exceptional views of the river and bridge , a tasting room for the Oregon Coast 's Flying Dutchman Winery , and a small-plates menu featuring watermelon-and-feta salad and a savory cheesecake with Dungeness crab . Day 2 : Astoria to Arch Cape The Oregon Coast Highway  U.S. 26  crosses Youngs Bay and snakes southward almost to Arch Cape , set in the lush green terrain of Oswald West State Park . It 's a 30-mile trip that passes through the monied enclave of Gearhart , as well as Seaside , one of the first beach resorts in Oregon . Travel + Leisure : 45 best new hotels of 2009 Be sure to explore the Cannon Beach art colony , comprising 19 galleries and crafts studios ; then hit the sand to behold Haystack Rock , a 235-foot-tall basalt formation that 's the third-largest such ocean monolith in the world . You might also want to scope out a spot for dinner in Cannon Beach -- locals love the French-Italian dishes such as pesto-and-prawn pasta at Newmans at 988  dinner for two $ 110 , 503 / 436-1151  -- or stock up on Oregon wine and Tillamook cheese before heading to Arch Cape , a tiny residential community with no restaurants . It is here that Bruce Bessey transformed an old beach house into the Ocean Point Inn & Spa  doubles from $ 275  . The three handsome suites , with mod furnishings , are perfect for curling up in when the rain lashes the wild surf . In fair weather , guests mingle on the oceanfront deck to watch gray whales or gaze at the stars . In the morning , a hearty breakfast with fresh pastries provides fortification for beachcombing . Nestled between two state parks , the inn offers direct access to a nearly deserted Pacific stretch with sand dollar-filled tide pools . Day 3 : Arch Cape to Lincoln City Lincoln City is a straight 79-mile shot down the 101 , past open stretches of sand with more clumps of beach grass than sunbathers . Along the way : Laneda Avenue , in Manzanita , is a charming shopping strip ; the Picnic Basket  503 / 355-8500  , in Rockaway Beach , has 97 flavors of salt-water taffy ; Garibaldi Marina  503 / 322-3312  will hook you up for crab hunting and clam digging ; and the Hawk Creek Café  503 / 392-3838  , in Neskowin , serves fresh seafood and a popular wood-fired pizza . Tillamook is the home of the famous cheddar , as well as ice creams made from local berries . Past Lincoln City , in Newport , is a worthwhile detour : the Yaquina Bay Lighthouse , dating from 1871 . The beachfront at Lincoln City is stacked with condo-by-the-sea complexes which makes the recent renovation of the 141-room Surftides  doubles from $ 134  that much more welcome . Under the new management of the owners of the hip Farmer 's Daughter hotel , in Los Angeles , the Surftides -- first opened in 1936 -- is now decorated with cork bulletin-board walls and jazzy striped daybeds . The balconied guest rooms reference Midcentury Modern design with sleek built-ins and bold orange accents . You 'd swear you were sleeping in an urban boutique hotel , except the roar outside your door is waves , not traffic . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	A handful of fashionable hotels have opened along Oregon 's northern coast The Cannery Pier Hotel in Astoria sits on a pier in the Columbia River Ocean Point Inn & Spa in Arch Cape is housed in a renovated beach house
Rolling Stone  -- Madonna will premiere the video for "  Give Me All Your Luvin , " the first single from her new album MDNA , on this Thursday 's episode of "  American Idol . " The song , which will include guest appearances from Nicki Minaj and M.I.A. , will be released as a digital single exclusively in the iTunes store the following day , and it will be performed on Sunday at the Super Bowl . The video , which was directed by Megaforce , will have a football and cheerleader theme . MDNA , Madonna 's first album as part of her new deal with LiveNation and Interscope , will hit stores on March 26th . An early version of "  Give Me All Your Luvin " leaked to the internet in November , but this video debut will be fans ' first chance to hear the completed version with vocals from M.I.A. . You can watch a brief teaser clip from this video . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Madonna will premiere the video for "  Give Me All Your Luvin " on Thursday 's episode of "  Idol " The song includes guest appearances from Nicki Minaj and M.I.A. The video was directed by Megaforce and will have a football and cheerleader theme
LONDON , England  CNN  -- One revolutionized women 's hair in the 1960s . Another brought fear to Middle Earth . Another is a champion golfer who now designs courses all over the world . Christopher Lee is famous for playing Count Dracula and his roles in "  Lord of the Rings " and "  Star Wars " films . Vidal Sassoon , Christopher Lee and Nick Faldo are among those recognized this year on Queen Elizabeth 's birthday honors list . Lee and Faldo will both receive knighthoods , meaning they can now be known as "  Sir Christopher " and "  Sir Nick . " Lee , 87 , is famous for his portrayal of dark villains , starting with Count Dracula in a series of movies from the late 1950s until the 1970s . He gained a new generation of fans in in the past decade through is role as the bad wizard Saruman the White in the the "  Lord of the Rings " trilogy , and as the evil Count Dooku in two "  Star Wars " prequels . World-famous golfer Nick Faldo holds six major championship titles -- three from the British Open and three from the Masters . He has the record for the longest streak of majors played -- 48 -- dating to the 1987 British Open , according to the PGA Tour . Faldo is now almost as famous for designing golf courses as he is for playing the sport . He also serves as a television commentator . A knighthood is the highest honor , and recipients may use the title "  Sir " before their names . The equivalent for women is to be awarded the title of "  Dame . " They recognize a "  pre-eminent contribution " in any field . Next come CBEs , or Commanders of the Order of the British Empire , which recognize contribution to a slightly lesser degree . Recipients may not use the title of sir or dame but may use the initials after their names . Sassoon will be awarded a CBE for his services to the British hairdressing industry . It recognizes a lifetime of achievement for Sassoon , who as a young boy spent years in a London orphanage after his father left and his mother could not afford to care for him . Later , after his mother dreamed of her son being in a barber shop , she apprenticed him to a local barber . That began a career that saw him develop two classic hairstyles of the Sixties -- the Bob and the even shorter Five-Point Cut -- along with an eponymous hair care line , range of hair care tools , and chain of salons . Also receiving a CBE is Jonathan Pryce , a Golden Globe-nominated actor who has had roles in the "  Pirates of the Caribbean " movies , "  Ronin , " and the James Bond film "  Tomorrow Never Dies . " He won a best actor award in 1995 at Cannes for his part in the movie "  Carrington . " Actor Alan Cumming will receive an OBE , or Order of the British Empire , awarded for notable achievement in any field . He was recognized for "  services to film , theater and the arts and to activism for equal rights for the gay and lesbian community . " A large number of artists and others in creative fields are featured on this year 's list . Andrew Motion , who was Britain 's poet laureate until he stepped down this year , will receive a knighthood , and several names in fashion will also receive awards . Fashion designer Jeff Banks will receive a CBE ; Frances Marie Corner , the head of the London College of Fashion , will receive an OBE ; and MBEs will go to Christopher Bailey , the creative director at Burberry , and Natalie Massenet , the founder of online designer shopping site Net-a-Porter . Honors lists are published twice a year -- once on New Year 's Day and once in June , to mark the queen 's "  official " birthday . The queen 's actual birthday is in April but she celebrates it in June because the weather is better .	Hairdresser Vidal Sassoon , golfer Nick Faldo honored by UK 's queen "  Dracula " star Christopher Lee knighted in Queen Elizabeth 's birthday honors list Actors Jonathan Pryce and Alan Cumming also honored
CNN  -- As the globe has become increasingly outfitted with wi-fi hotspots and cell phone towers , the skies have long been the last refuge from constant connectivity . That 's changing , however , as more airlines are realizing wi-fi 's earning potential . By its own estimate , one of the fastest-growing companies in America is Gogo , which was the first to successfully hook up planes with internet . It has since installed systems on several U.S. carriers , including Delta , American and US Airways . According to its CEO , Michael Small , Gogo 's profits grew from $ 37 million in 2009 to $ 112 million in the first six months of 2012 . "  We 're now on over 1,600 commercial aviation jets , which is nearly half the U.S. fleet . We 've done that in four years , which is extraordinarily fast , " says Small . "  In just a few more years , it will be done in America . " Watch video : In-flight wi-fi takes off Though airlines pay to install the equipment , they also reap the rewards ; Gogo charges the customers for internet usage -- between $ 5 and $ 20 , depending on flight duration -- and shares its revenue with the carriers . "  More travelers are aware of our service , and many of them want it , " says Small . "  One in five say they will switch a flight to get our service . " The drawback with Gogo 's system is that it uses an air-to-ground network of cell phone towers it built across the United States -- each with a 250-mile radius of coverage -- meaning its wi-fi is n't available when flying over water . Internet on Gogo-outfitted planes is therefore limited to domestic flights . This is where California-based firm Row 44 swoops in . Row 44 also installs wi-fi on airplanes , though unlike Gogo , it relies on a satellite system , meaning passengers can access internet even when flying over the ocean . "  This is a distinct advantage , given that two-thirds of the planet is covered in water , " notes John LaValle , Row 44 's CEO . Also , satellite systems give passengers more options , due to better bandwidth . "  Air-to-ground has certain inherent limitations in terms of the amount of data that can be processed through the network of cell towers on the ground -- for example , live TV really is an impossibility , " says LaValle , whose company also offers that service as part of its package . "  In a satellite environment , you 're able to get much more data through the pipe . " See also : Airplane phone calls to become standard ? But the satellite system is substantially more expensive than using cell-phone towers , and has the added drawback of taking longer to install . As airlines lose money for every day a plane is out of commission , this can make the process rather costly . Some carriers , however , find it 's worth the price . Mango Airlines and Southwest are among the airlines using Row 44 's service , with Icelandair soon to follow . What 's more , Norwegian Air Shuttle , which has also joined the fray , has just this month started offering wi-fi to passengers free-of-charge -- the first airline in Europe to do so . "  We had a trial period where we offered it free to passengers , and we saw increases on those routes ; it went up volumes , " notes Boris Bubresko , head of business development for Norwegian Air Shuttle . "  After that , we decided to keep it free . " At the moment , connectivity is a perk ; airlines that provide wi-fi or mobile services on board stand out . This will change , though , as customers increasingly start to expect the amenity , rather than merely appreciate it . LaValle feels that era has already dawned . He says : "  I was on a plane recently that was n't wi-fi equipped , and this guy sitting across the aisle opened up his laptop and he could n't find the hotspot . He slammed it down and said , ' I ca n't believe this , I really needed to get a lot of work done on this flight ! ' "  I think we 're already at that point where everyone fully expects connectivity . " Is it time for all flights to offer wi-fi ? Would you pay for in-flight wi-fi , or should it be free ? Leave a comment below . Daisy Carrington contributed to this report	More airlines providing Wi-Fi on their flights Norwegian Air first airline in Europe to offer free Wi-Fi Gogo system installed on 1,600 U.S. jets , according to CEO Row 44 provides satellite-based system that can access internet even over the ocean
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is questioning the effectiveness of the manhunt for fugitive warlord Joseph Kony and his Lord 's Resistance Army , saying African Union troops are short on equipment , food and transportation . In a 14-page report to the U.N. Security Council , Ban urged member nations to provide the needed resources , warning the troops would be able to carry out their mission . "  The initiative itself lacks adequate and predictable funding for its operations . Without the necessary resources , the African Union will be unable to execute this important task fully , " Ban said in the report released Thursday . The African Union stepped up efforts this year to capture Kony , deploying 5,000 troops in March after a resurgence in attacks by the group left thousands dead and displaced 445,000 people in Uganda , South Sudan , the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic , according to U.N. estimates . Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court at the Hague for war crimes and crimes against humanity , stemming in part from allegations of his vicious tactics to conscript children as soldiers and sex slaves in his army . President Barack Obama ordered 100 troops to central Africa last year to help in the hunt for Kony . The troops are advising regional forces . The four countries targeted by Kony 's army have contributed troops to the manhunt , though Ban warned they are woefully short on resources . "  The political will notwithstanding , the national authorities highlighted implementation challenges , including the need for additional resources , equipment , training , transportation and food rations to enable troops to mount effective operations against LRA , " Ban said , according to the report . Ban said the troops face additional challenges , including the need for the armies and governments of the affected countries to work jointly , both on a political and military level . The U.N. Security Council is awaiting a proposal -- by members of the United Nations , the African Union and other countries -- that spells out a strategy to combat Kony . The proposal , according to Ban 's report , is expected to address how to better protect civilians from the attacks as well as disarm , repatriate and resettle those displaced by Kony and his army . Kony led a failed uprising against the government of Uganda and was pushed out of the nation six years ago . He has been moving around other countries in the region ever since . Stories of Kony 's alleged atrocities date to the 1980s in northern Uganda and include accusations of slicing off ears , noses and limbs of his victims . There are reports of child soldiers brainwashed into killing their own parents . The U.S. has listed the LRA as a terrorist group and in October , Washington authorized the Special Operations trainers and military advisers to assist African forces searching for Kony and other leaders of the LRA . The activities of the group are tracked on a website that uses information from the Invisible Children 's Early Warning Radio Network , U.N. agencies and local nongovernmental organizations to map and document recent crimes . A celebrity-backed video that went viral this year helped make Kony 's alleged crimes more widely known . The half-hour documentary "  KONY 2012 " was viewed more than 89 million times on YouTube , but the video also spurred a flurry of questions about its producers ' intentions , their transparency and whether the social-media frenzy was too little , too late .	Ban Ki-Moon warns the African Union forces are short on resources Joseph Kony is wanted by the International Criminal Court He is accused of crimes against humanity for the alleged use of child soldiers He stands accused of conscripting children as soldiers and sex slaves
CNN  -- Thai police detained hundreds of Muslim Rohingya following a raid on a suspected people-trafficking camp , police said . A Royal Thai Police spokesman said 531 men , women and children were detained following a raid on Sunday at a camp near the town of Sadao in the southern province of Songkhla . Police said they were acting on media reports that Rohingya fleeing sectarian violence in Myanmar were falling into the hands of people smugglers who held them in camps , ransoming them to relatives across the border in Malaysia . Deputy National Police Chief Chatchawan Suksomjit told the South China Morning Post that three suspected ringleaders -- all of them Thai males -- had been detained in the raid . He said the Rohingyas were being held at an immigration detention center in Songkhla . "  We are interviewing all of them to see if they are victims of human trafficking , " he said . "  We have to interview them and proceed according to Thai immigration laws . It will depend on whether they want to go back . "  If they are willing , we will send them back as we have done before . " Rohingyas -- stateless Muslims from Myanmar -- have been fleeing ethnic violence in Buddhist-majority Myanmar , arriving in boats in southwestern Thailand before transiting to Malaysia where they often work illegally . Thailand 's efforts to deport Rohingya -- in some cases allegedly towing their boats back out to sea -- has come under fire from human rights groups as well as the U.S. State Department . Phil Robertson , deputy director at Human Rights Watch , said that human trafficking had been "  plaguing efforts to help the Rohingya for the last year or two at least . " "  When the Rohingya boats started coming out in significant numbers circa 2009 , it was very disorganized , boats were landing everywhere -- this is when the Thais were pushing them out to sea . "  But now these Rohingyas that are arriving close to the Thai coast are being seized by broker and trafficking syndicates working in collusion with Thai officials to bring these people onshore , hold them in jungle camps and then essentially ransoming them . " He said in some cases ransom money could be as much 65-70 ,000 Thai baht  US$ 2000  -- which represented a considerable amount of money for some of the world 's poorest people . "  There 's been a long-standing Rohingya community in Malaysia -- they have relative and friends there , there are jobs on offer . " He said that once in Malaysia , Rohingya often worked in the black economy doing dirty and dangerous jobs . "  That 's where the Rohingya are headed to , that 's their promised land in some ways . " Sunai Phasuk , Thailand-Burma researcher for Human Rights Watch , said that the Rohingya had the "  unenviable distinction of being the most blighted " people in Myanmar . "  Denied citizenship , subject to tight restrictions on movement , employment and religious freedoms , this Muslim minority have been the target of abuses by the Burmese military for decades , " he said . "  Today they face serious risks of state violence and coercion , in part arising from preparations to build a pipeline through their region that will deliver offshore gas to China . Already reports are emerging of forced relocations and other abuses tied to gas exploitation . "	Thai police detain 531 Muslim Rohingya being held in a camp near the Malaysian border They were acting on reports the refugees were being held by human traffickers Three suspected ringleaders were also being held by police Rohingyas , stateless Muslims from Myanmar , have been fleeing violence there
The Chicago teachers strike drags into a second week , after a representative group of the Chicago Teachers Union decided over the weekend not to end the walkout even though union leaders and school officials had reached a tentative contract deal . The strike in the third-largest school system in the country is affecting more than 350,000 children . A quick primer : Q. What 's the sticking point ? A. Among the major issues , the teachers are negotiating over the length of the school day , objecting to their evaluations being tied to performance and fretting about potential job losses . Q . How would the length of school days change ? A. Elementary students would gain 75 minutes to create a seven-hour school day . High school students would gain 30 minutes to create a seven-and-a-half-hour school day . Teachers wants additional money to teach the additional hours . Chicago mayor takes strike fight to court Q . Why are teachers objecting to evaluations tied to performance ? A . The union says student performance is directly linked to conditions in the home or neighborhood , making it unfair for teachers to be punished if students do n't do well in the the classroom for those reasons . Q . How many jobs will be lost under the evaluation plan ? A . As many as 6,000 teachers could lose their jobs under the evaluation system , according to CTU President Karen Lewis , who has called the system "  unacceptable . " The mayor 's office , the city and school officials have questioned that job-loss figure . Q . How many school closings are being talked about ? A . The teachers union says 200 schools will be closed , but Marielle Sainvilus , a spokeswoman for Chicago Public Schools , calls the claim "  false , " asserting that union leaders said recently that 100 schools would close . "  I 'm sure it 'll be another number tomorrow , " she said . Q . What is the status of the strike ? A . The Chicago Teachers Union will make no decision Monday . They are taking the day off for Rosh Hashanah , the Jewish New Year . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel is vowing to go to court to force teachers back to work , calling Sunday 's actions by the union "  a delay of choice that is wrong for our children . " He announced in a statement that he 's asked city lawyers to file an injunction in circuit court to "  immediately end this strike . " My view : From the picket lines Q. What 's next ? A . The House of Delegates , a group of 800 union representatives , will reconvene Tuesday afternoon , at which point delegates could decide to end the strike . If they do , classes would resume no earlier than Wednesday . The rank-and-file of the Chicago Teachers Union would still have the opportunity at some point to accept , or reject , the proposed contract . But as of Sunday , Lewis said a "  clear majority " of union delegates did not want to suspend the strike given the proposed contract , saying "  they are not happy with the agreement . " Q . How many teachers are in the union and how much do Chicago teachers make ? A . The Chicago Teachers Union represents 26,000 teachers . Chicago has the nation 's third-largest school system with some 35,000 students , and its teachers are among the highest paid in the country . The median base salary for teachers in the Chicago public schools in 2011 was $ 67,974 , according to the system 's annual financial report . Q . What sort of raise are they being offered ? A . The pay structure would change with a 3 % pay hike for the first year of the contract , 2 % for the second year and 2 % for the third year . If a trigger extends the contract to four years , teachers would get a 3 % pay increase . Union members would no longer be compensated for unused personal days , health insurance contribution rates will be frozen and the "  enhanced pension program " is being eliminated . Q . How is the public reacting to the strike ? A . The reaction is predictably mixed in the pro-union town . Parents have had to juggle work schedules and lay out money for child care , but many remain supportive of the union 's action . Q . What do the presidential candidates have to say ? A. Mayor Rahm Emanuel is President Barack Obama 's former chief of staff , but the White House has had little to say about the strike . Unions are a major support base for the Democratic Party . Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney , meanwhile , has tried to make political hay , saying , "  I am disappointed by the decision of the Chicago Teachers Union to turn its back on not only a city negotiating in good faith but also the hundreds of thousands of children relying on the city 's public schools to provide them a safe place to receive a strong education . " Why they teach , despite it all	Length of school day , evaluations , compensation among major issues The Chicago Teachers Union represents 26,000 teachers Chicago public school teachers are some of the best paid in the nation
Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu lost her Senate runoff race Saturday night , felled by the red tide that 's swept the South and ties to an unpopular President that she could n't shake . CNN called the race for her Republican opponent Rep. Bill Cassidy a little over a half hour after the polls closed . Republicans picked up nine Senate seats this election cycle and will have control of 54 seats in the chamber next year . Once seen as Democrats ' strongest incumbent , Landrieu ended up such a long-shot in her runoff with Cassidy that the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee cut its investment in the state , a move that Landrieu decried as leaving "  a soldier on the field . " In her concession speech , Landrieu touted her own "  record of courage , honesty and integrity and delivering for the state when it mattered the most . " The senator also said she did n't regret her vote for Obamacare , which the GOP used to attack her and every other vulnerable Democratic senator this cycle . "  This is something to be proud of , and I 'm glad we fought for it , " she said , touting some of the benefits of the law . "  Shake it Off , " Taylor Swift 's pop anthem to moving past defeat and ignoring critics , played as Landrieu hugged the staff and family members gathered on the stage . And tears could be seen throughout the crowd as the event wound down on Saturday night . An energetic Cassidy , meanwhile , opened his victory speech with a surprised , "  whoa ! " He told his supporters his win was the "  exclamation point " on the declaration that "  we want our country to go in a conservative direction , " which was made with the GOP 's resounding wins on Nov. 4 . He was introduced at his victory party by GOP Sen. David Vitter , who endorsed the congressman and has been active in the race for him . And Cassidy was joined on stage by his onetime GOP foe in the race , retired Air Force colonel Rob Maness , who ran as a conservative alternative to him during the first round of voting but endorsed him in the runoff . Landrieu ran hard through the very end , insisting even Saturday morning , outside the school where she cast her ballot , that there was still a shot . Landrieu , any Democrat in Louisiana will remind you , had pulled off stunning upsets before . And a late-breaking controversy surrounding Cassidy 's part-time work for Louisiana State University gave Democrats some hope that they could damage him in the final moments of the race . But the controversy came too late to pick up much traction , despite Landrieu hammering him at campaign stops throughout the week on it . Landrieu 's campaign pitch centered around her clout in the Senate , and what she can do for the state in Washington . But that argument lost much of its potency on Nov. 4 , when Democrats lost the Senate and Landrieu could no longer tout a committee chairmanship . And Landrieu was never able to effectively localize the race and distance herself from the president , while Republicans tied her to him at every opportunity . Indeed , even Landrieu 's supporters seemed to know it was over before Election Night . Andrea Neighbours , a supporter at the party , was visibly disappointed when told the race had been called for Cassidy . But she admitted : "  Well , it was coming . " And Cassidy ran a largely error-free , if exceptionally safe , campaign . He held infrequent campaign stops during the runoff and stayed entirely out of the state for the final week of the runoff , returning only for a Monday debate and two rallies Friday . On Saturday , he was taking a professional development course at the hospital where he works . But a troupe of volunteers were out Saturday across the state canvassing for him . An army of GOP operatives descended on the runoff , many of whom came to the state after finishing top races elsewhere in the nation . The Republican National Committee had around 300 staffers in the state and used the runoff period as a testing ground for field and data methods . And GOP groups supporting Cassidy bombarded Landrieu with millions in attack ads , while a handful of small Democratic groups spent less than half a million for her in the runoff . Republicans wanted , they said , to put an "  exclamation mark " on their wins on Nov. 4 . Even Landrieu 's deep familiarity with the state and family name could n't save her . Moon Landrieu , the senator 's father , is a popular former mayor of New Orleans , and Mitch , her brother , is the city 's current mayor . Landrieu canvassed the neighborhood surrounding her father 's home on Satuday , much of which is home to low-income and African American residents . She stopped at 66-year-old Aida Gray 's house , just a few blocks away from her family 's , to shake hands and ask if she would be heading to the polls . Gray later said that of course she would , because she had known the senator for decades . "  She 's a good person , and she 'd make a better senator than Cassidy , " she said . But despite her belief that Landrieu was the best candidate for the job , Gray acknowledged the odds were stacked against the senator . "  It 's in God 's hands now , " she said .	Rep. Bill Cassidy , a Republican , won Louisiana 's runoff Saturday night He becomes the ninth GOP pickup in the Senate this election cycle Incumbent Democrat Sen. Mary Landrieu campaigned through Saturday
CNN  -- Test results on material found at the former New York home of late gangster Jimmy "  The Gent " Burke have come back positive for human remains , a spokeswoman for the New York City medical examiner 's office said Monday . An anthropological investigation is now under way on the material , said office spokeswoman Grace Brugess . She said investigators will try to extract DNA from the remains to try to identify who was buried there . On Wednesday night , investigators at Ozone Park in Queens finished the search for remains possibly connected to a case that happened before 1996 , said a law enforcement source who spoke on condition of anonymity last week . According to public records , the house is now owned by Burke 's daughter , Catherine Burke , who declined Tuesday to comment to CNN . James Burke died in 1996 . According to his obituary in The New York Times , he was serving a 20-years-to-life sentence in a New York prison when he fell ill with cancer . Robert De Niro played Burke as Jimmy Conway in the 1990 Martin Scorsese classic mafia film "  Goodfellas , " and Burke is probably best known as the alleged mastermind of the 1978 Lufthansa heist , an $ 8 million robbery at John F. Kennedy International Airport , which was the largest robbery in history at the time . The source said that Burke and his cohorts , closely associated with top members of the Lucchese crime family , also were allegedly involved in a number of other activities -- so the search in Queens may not be related to the Lufthansa heist . From CNN 's Jason Carroll	Robert De Niro played Jimmy "  The Gent " Burke in "  Goodfellas " An anthropological investigation is under way Investigators will try to extract DNA from the remains
CNN  The horror stories seem to stack up every winter : Students sliding and stomping through knee-deep snow on their walks to school , trapped inside school buses or nestling in for a surprise slumber party in the school gym . This week , schools across the Northeast shut down in preparation for a "  potentially historic " blizzard . Some even tried to have some fun with it , including those at the Moses Brown School in Providence , Rhode Island . They posted a snow day announcement that parodied the "  Frozen " hit "  Let It Go . " Still , closing school is a tough call , said school superintendents from across the country . The decision often requires hours of preparation and discussion among administrators , local officials , road crews and meteorologists . Most school leaders said they take a better-safe-than-sorry approach , but it can be hard to do as the number of days off climbs . "  We lose a lot of sleep over it , " said Gregory Hutchings , superintendent of Shaker Heights schools in Ohio . So why would n't schools call off classes when weather seems like it could be dangerous ? Here are a few reasons . 1 . Forecasts can be wrong . With every winter storm threat , superintendents wake in the wee hours to consider the latest weather maps or drive their local roads . One February day last year , Stratford , Connecticut , schools Superintendent Janet Robinson was on a forecasting conference call at 4:15 a.m. Within 30 minutes , and with the help of the schools ' facilities manager , she decided to cancel classes for the sixth time that year . But the choice is n't always that easy . After all , weather forecasts are n't guarantees . "  There 's no snow yet at 4 o'clock , it 's forecast to come in , and you decide to cancel -- and then it does n't come , " Robinson said . "  We joke that no matter what we say , someone is going to disagree with it . " Of course , there are worse ways to be wrong , she said : Watching a snowstorm roll in once you 've brought children to school , calling buses back while kids shiver at their bus stops or sending young drivers out on dangerously slick roads . 2 . Parents hate snow days , too . When the windchill hit 35 degrees below zero last year , the decision was easy for Hutchings : School was canceled . To his surprise , "  I still received phone calls and e-mails from parents , " he said . "  It 's a no-win situation . " As a father of young children , he can commiserate . He understands parents ' concerns about child care and time off from work . Parents really hate it when he spoils vacation by adding makeup days to the end of the school year , he said . But his decisions are based on what 's safest for all students and staff members , he said . In January 2014 , many schools around Atlanta remained open for a few hours before snow began to fall . When they released early , some students ended up stuck on icy , gridlocked roads or stranded at school overnight . Clayton County schools -- a district just outside Atlanta with about 52,000 students and 6,200 faculty and staff -- closed before the snow arrived and initially heard some negative responses from parents , said Vicki Gavalas , the district 's director of communications . Within a few hours , the tone changed . The superintendent 's office received more than 100 thank-you messages from parents and community members , she said , and a batch of handwritten letters from kindergartners who wrote , "  You made the right decision " and "  Thank you for keeping my family safe . " "  The e-mails we got in support were so gratifying and affirming , " Gavalas said . "  Sometimes , people are very quick to criticize and not as quick to praise . " 3 . Closures can be costly . Wild weather almost always means extra costs for schools , from storm cleanup to snow removal to staff overtime . But school closures can hurt the budget in deeper ways , especially if the days off begin to pile up . "  We do have an obligation to the taxpayer that we are good stewards , financially , " Gavalas said . Day-to-day school attendance wo n't typically affect a school 's finances , said Dick Flanary , former deputy executive director for programs and services for the National Association of Secondary School Principals . But it can lead to cuts if test scores sink , if students or teachers ' miss a chance to shine or if schools ca n't fulfill a grant obligation based on instructional time . "  There 's a very competitive environment for grant money , foundation money , because of this economy , " Flanary said . "  It could jeopardize a potential funding source . " 4 . Students could go hungry . Or be left alone . Or get into trouble . Educators know that school might be the only place where some students eat a healthy meal or experience a safe , supervised , warm environment . "  You think about those kids , that this is the only wholesome meal those children get during the day , " said Flanary , who was a middle school principal in Virginia for 12 years . "  When they miss that , what 's the result ? " But if the roads are n't safe , the power is out or a natural disaster has damaged the building , educators say , school is n't a safe place to be , either . 5 . Closing school means less time to learn . It 's simple , educators said : If students are snowed out of school , they wo n't learn as much . Educators said it 's especially tough on students gearing up for standardized tests or Advanced Placement exams and for new teachers who have n't mastered the art of the strong comeback . "  What concerns us most is the lack of continuity in the kids ' education , " said Robinson , the Connecticut superintendent . "  There 's something about the energy of being in school every day that you miss . " A snow day here or there wo n't hurt student learning , said Joshua Goodman , an assistant professor of public policy at Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government . He recently studied eight years of school closures in Massachusetts and found that snow days caused no harm . Most teachers there understood how to adjust their lesson plans and prioritize must-learn material , he said . What did affect academic achievement , he found , were lousy weather days when schools remained open . On those days , higher numbers of students missed class , perhaps because of parental discretion or transportation issues , and entire classes suffered as teachers moved some students on and caught other students up . But in Massachusetts , where snow days are no surprise , it was rare for schools to close for several days at a time , Goodman said . The results might be different in states that rarely encounter extreme weather or for schools that face a major , one-time disruption . "  The fact that snow days are not harmful is because schools and teachers know how to deal with them , " Goodman said . Not all learning is lost when school is out , though . Educators across the country said they 're urging students to check out Khan Academy and other online learning tools . Some said teachers now assign homework in advance so students can stay on task . Last year , some school districts experimented with virtual school days taught at home through school-provided laptops and tablets . Hutchings , the Shaker Heights , Ohio , superintendent , said some in his district assign "  blizzard bags " of schoolwork for students to dip into whenever they 're out of class , and it is considering online programs that would allow students to interact with teachers from home -- at least , between snowball fights and trips down the sledding hill . "  The first couple  snow days  are OK , " Hutchings said . "  When you get into five , six , enough is enough . I have a plea with Mother Nature to ease up a little bit . "	School leaders say closing schools is a "  no-win " situation It can lead to angry parents , hungry kids and academic trouble Ohio superintendent : "  I have a plea with Mother Nature to ease up a little bit "
CNN  -- A stunt plane crashed at an Ohio air show on Saturday , killing two people , organizers said . A wing walker was performing on a Stearman biplane when it plunged to the ground , FAA spokesman Lynn Lunsford said . The aircraft crashed and exploded in a grassy area between two runways at the Vectren Dayton Air Show , Lunsford said . Video from CNN affiliate WHIO showed the plane in flames after it hit the ground . In a statement on its website , the air show said there were no injuries . Before the crash , an air show announcer described wing walker Jane Wicker balancing on the plane as it hurtled forward at 110 mph . "  You 're facing that wind and then you have to fight the wind , and then you have to get yourself back upright . ... Watch this , Jane Wicker sitting on top of the world , " the announcer said . Seconds later , the plane plummeted and the crowd erupted in screams . The FAA 's website lists Wicker as the registered owner of the plane . WHIO reported that Wicker , who is well-known among the stunt show community , was onboard . A Facebook page devoted to the stunt performer said she had been killed . "  It is with sad hearts that we announce that Jane Wicker was killed while performing at the Vectren Dayton Airshow , " the Jane Wicker Airshows Facebook page said . "  We ask for your prayers for the families and privacy of all involved and allow them time to grieve and work through these events . " The Dayton air show 's website describes her act as "  daring and breathtaking . " "  With no safety line and no parachute , Jane amazes the crowd by climbing , walking , and hanging all over her beautiful 450 HP Stearman aircraft she affectionately calls ` Aurora , ' " the description says . A website for Wicker 's company said she started wing walking after answering an ad in the Washington Post classifieds . "  She answered that ad thinking that wing walking would be an exciting way to enter the airshow business , not to mention a lot of fun , " the website said . "  Her first time airborne on the wing also happened to be her first show . She fell in love with it . " The FAA and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating Saturday 's crash . The remaining air show performances scheduled Saturday were canceled . The show will resume on Sunday , officials said . In 2012 : Thousands remember 11 killed at Reno Air Races CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Before the crash , an announcer said the wing walker was "  on top of the world " The air show says officials believe two performers were killed A stunt plane crashes during the Vectren Dayton Air Show Two people are killed , CNN affiliate WHIO reports
Trapped residents screamed for help from their balconies as flames tore through a senior retirement complex in Quebec last week . Since then , the sound of machines has filled the air as investigators try to thaw the ice-encrusted rubble to search for victims and evidence of what caused the deadly blaze . At least 10 people were killed in the fire , which struck the 52-unit Residence du Havre in L'Isle-Verte , Quebec , early Thursday morning . Police believe 22 others also perished , but they 're still searching the scene to find out for sure . "  This is something we could have never imagined , " Nicole Belanger , who worked in the residence , told Canadian broadcaster CTV . "  The heart of our village is now gone . " Mourners in the tiny town of about 1,500 people gathered for a Mass to honor the victims Sunday . Some carried photos of their loved ones . One woman told CTV her in-laws had died in the fire . "  They just moved in two months ago , " she said . "  We wanted them to be in a safe place for the winter . " At least 37 of the residents were older than 85 , according to government documents obtained by CBC . Many of them had Alzheimer 's disease and used wheelchairs or walkers , acting Mayor Ginette Caron told CBC . Nelida Pettigrew , 90 , told CBC she left her walker behind , escaping down two flights of stairs to safety after a neighbor pointer her toward the emergency exit . But others did n't make it . "  I saw them . It was horrible , but I 'm OK , " she said . "  I did n't cry then , but I cried after . " Investigators are still trying to determine what caused the blaze . A lit cigarette is one of many possibilities authorities are looking into , but police say they have not ruled anything out as they try and determine a cause . Quebec Premier Pauline Marois told reporters Sunday that the situation was an "  unacceptable " tragedy , according to CBC , but cautioned that people should avoid speculation about what caused the fire and allow the investigation to run its course . Frigid temperatures have made searching the scene a struggle . Authorities are now using machines normally used to de-ice ships in their efforts to thaw the rubble .	Investigators are searching the scene for victims and evidence Ten people have been confirmed dead in the fire ; police believe 22 others perished "  The heart of our village is now gone , " one woman tells CTV A 90-year-old woman says she left her walker behind and escaped
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama and Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki on Monday discussed a "  general time horizon " for any American troop withdrawals from Iraq , al-Maliki 's office said . Sen. Barack Obama rides in a helicopter Monday with Gen. David Petraeus in Baghdad , Iraq . Obama -- who has made ending the Iraq war a cornerstone of his run for office -- engaged in what were described as productive talks with al-Maliki during a trip to Iraq . The Iraqi government has been pushing for the United States to set a general timetable to spell out troop withdrawals . Iraqi Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi also met with Obama Monday and told reporters afterward they discussed the security agreement . "  I told Sen. Obama  that  Iraqi and American negotiations regarding this are ongoing , and today new Iraqi-American negotiations on this agreement have started with Iraqi written proposals and have a timetable for the withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq , " he said . The Bush administration has opposed timetables for troop withdrawals . But al-Maliki and President Bush last week agreed to a "  general time horizon for meeting aspirational goals " on troop cuts . The prime minister reiterated that principle with Obama , according to a statement from al-Maliki 's office . "  Developments of the situation and the circumstances is what will decide the presence of foreign troops in Iraq , but without keeping open-ended dates , " al-Maliki said , according to a statement from his office . "  With the developments on the ground , we can set a vision and clear horizons regarding this issue , and this is a view both sides agree on in the ongoing negotiations . " Al-Maliki 's office quoted Obama as saying he is "  supportive and committed to preserving the gains achieved by the Iraqi government " under al-Maliki 's leadership and that he admires the prime minister 's courage . Obama has proposed withdrawing U.S. combat troops from Iraq within 16 months of taking office . Spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh said the Iraqi government 's "  vision " is that most U.S. combat troops would be out of Iraq by 2010 . Asked if that stance is part of the current negotiations , al-Dabbagh said , "  No . This is the Iraqi vision . " iReport.com : Tell us the most important thing the next president needs to know about Iraq A German magazine on Saturday quoted al-Maliki as saying he backed Obama 's proposal , but al-Dabbagh has said that his remarks "  were misunderstood , mistranslated and not conveyed accurately . " In a statement Sunday , the magazine , Der Spiegel , said it "  stands by its version of this interview . " In the magazine interview , al-Maliki did not indicate that he was endorsing Obama over Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee . McCain does not think American troops should return to the United States until Iraqi forces are capable of maintaining a safe , democratic state . He has been a strong advocate of the "  surge " -- the 2007 escalation of U.S. troops -- and has said troops should stay in Iraq as long as needed . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal -- who 's been mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick for McCain -- on Monday criticized Obama 's push to remove troops in 16 months as an "  arbitrary timetable based on politics versus a plan based on the actual results on the ground . " "  One of the reasons I 'm supporting -LSB- McCain -RSB- -- he has made it clear he would rather lose an election than lose a war . He 's made it very clear -- let 's listen to the commanders on the ground , " Jindal said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " McCain last week chided Obama for laying out his plans for Iraq and Afghanistan before talking to Gen. David Petraeus , the head of U.S. troops in Iraq . Obama met with Petraeus and Ryan Crocker , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq , in Baghdad on Monday . He also met with Tariq al-Hashimi , a Sunni Arab who is one of Iraq 's two vice presidents ; Lt. Gen. Lloyd Austin , commander of Multi-National Corps-Iraq ; British Maj. Gen. Barney White Spunner , commander of Multi-National Division South East ; and Maj. General Abdul Aziz , the Iraqi army 's 14th Division commander . Obama 's stop in Iraq marks his second visit to the country . The presumptive Democratic presidential nominee 's trip abroad began in Kuwait and Afghanistan and will go on to Jordan , Israel , the West Bank , Germany , France and Britain . The senator from Illinois first visited Iraq in 2006 . See the stops on Obama 's trip " Obama arrived Monday afternoon in the southern city of Basra , according to U.S. Embassy spokesman Armand Cucciniello . Obama is traveling with Sen. Jack Reed of Rhode Island , a leading Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee , and Sen. Chuck Hagel , a Nebraska Republican who serves on the Foreign Relations Committee and is an outspoken critic of the Iraq war . Obama has said that if he 's elected , he would commit more troops to Afghanistan and would order the military to end the war in Iraq , which he has called a "  dangerous distraction " from the Afghan battle . Obama spent Saturday and Sunday in Afghanistan , where he met with U.S. troops at three bases and with Afghan President Hamid Karzai -- a leader the Democratic senator has criticized for doing too little to rebuild the war-torn nation . Watch Obama meet Karzai , U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan " The fight in Afghanistan recently has become a more pressing issue on the political radar . More coalition forces have died in Afghanistan than in Iraq in May , June and so far in July . Last week , in a major address laying out his foreign policy position , Obama said , "  As should have been apparent to President Bush and Sen. McCain , the central front in the war on terror is not Iraq , and it never was . " He said part of his strategy would be "  taking the fight to al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan . " CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh , Frederik Pleitgen and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Barack Obama , Iraqi prime minister reportedly hold "  productive " talks Sens. Jack Reed and Chuck Hagel accompany Obama on trip Obama has talks with Afghan President Hamid Karzai on Sunday Obama says part of his strategy is "  taking the fight to al Qaeda in Afghanistan "
CNN  -- What do President Barack Obama , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad have in common ? They all have been the subject of a snide "  prayer " circulating that seemingly calls for their deaths . A recently created Facebook page reads , "  Dear Lord , this year you took my favorite actor , Patrick Swayzie  sic  . You took my favorite actress , Farah  sic  Fawcett . You took my favorite singer , Michael Jackson . I just wanted to let you know , my favorite president is Barack Obama . Amen . " The page has received more than 600,000 "  thumbs-up " messages of approval since it was posted April 10 . But its owner , who does not disclose his or her identity on the popular social media site , wrote , "  We are not really praying for the death of Obama . It is just some humor to show our disapproval of our current president . " Similar imprecations were circulating online last year . But Facebook spokesman Andrew Noyes said that "  while it may be considered distasteful and objectionable to some , " the page does n't violate the company 's content policies . "  We 're sensitive to content that includes pornography , bullying , hate speech , and actionable threats of violence , and we react quickly to remove content that violates our policies when it is reported to us , " Noyes said in a written statement . "  Facebook is highly self-regulating and leverages its more than 400 million users to keep an eye out for offensive content , " he added . "  We encourage users to report such content , and we have a large team of professional reviewers who evaluate these reports and take action per our policies . " Variations on the jab have circulated in New Jersey , where teacher 's union officials apologized for a nearly identical memo that substituted Gov. Chris Christie for Obama earlier this month . Christie is locked in a bitter struggle with the New Jersey Education Association over funding for state schools , but union President Barbara Keshishian said , "  Language such as that has no place in civil discourse . " And in January , hackers posted a similar message on Ahmadinejad 's Web site . "  Dear God , In 2009 you took my favorite singer -- Michael Jackson , my favorite actress -- Farrah Fawcett , my favorite actor -- Patrick Swayze , my favorite voice -- Neda , " the hackers wrote , the last entry a reference to a young Iranian woman shot and killed during protests over last June 's disputed presidential election . "  Please , please , do n't forget my favorite politician -- Ahmadinejad -- and my favorite dictator -- Khamenei -- in the year 2010 . "	Obama , others subject of snide "  prayer " that seemingly calls for their deaths Facebook page has received more than 600,000 "  thumbs-up " messages of approval Facebook says page does n't violate company 's content policies
CNN  -- Undercover officers rescued a baby gorilla from suspected animal traffickers in the Democratic Republic of Congo , a national park in the country announced Tuesday . This baby gorilla was rescued from a suspected trafficker in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The gorilla , thought to be about two years old , was hidden at the bottom of a bag and covered with clothes when Congolese Wildlife Authority officers arrested the suspected trafficker on Sunday , Virunga National Park said . The gorilla , a female , was overheated and dehydrated after six hours in transit . She also had a puncture wound on her right leg , among other injuries , and is malnourished , but is responding to treatment , the park said in a statement . It is not clear if the young gorilla 's mother is alive or dead , park spokeswoman Samantha Newport said . "  You can assume that a gorilla family was attacked in order for the traffickers to obtain a baby -- but it is impossible to know if a whole family was wiped out , just a few individuals , or none at all , " she said . "  In most cases gorillas have to die to get a baby -- but we can not know specifically for this case . " The animal is now being looked after by specially trained carers , Newport said . "  This is of course not an ideal replacement for a mother -- but the best option we have , " she told CNN via e-mail . Carers often have some veterinary training , but are not fully fledged vets , she added . But gorillas do not do well in situations like this , she warned . "  Gorillas , it is worth noting , are notoriously difficult to keep alive , " she said . "  Chimps are fighters , as are bonobos . But gorillas -- when the going gets tough -- tend to just shut down . So it really is a critical time right now to ensure she gets the veterinary attention and human warmth that she needs to get through this . " The suspect was getting off a plane from the interior of the country , near the gorillas ' habitat , the park said . One person has been charged under the country 's law forbidding the destruction of flora and fauna , Newport told CNN . The park did not name the suspect . Gorillas can fetch up to $ 20,000 on the black market , the head of Virunga National Park said . "  Investigations have yet to reveal where these animals are being sent and who is buying them , but on the ground sources tell us that a baby gorilla can fetch up to $ 20,000 , " said Emmanuel de Merode , the director . "  We must remember that for each trafficked baby gorilla , several gorillas have probably been killed in the wild . " He led the three-month undercover operation that netted the suspect and the gorilla , the park said . The gorilla is a lowland eastern gorilla  Gorilla beringei graueri  , also known as the Grauer 's Gorilla , a subspecies of Eastern Gorilla only found in the forests of eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , according to the park . Virunga National Park calls itself the oldest national park in Africa , established in 1925 . It lies in a region that has been badly affected by the long-running war in the Democratic Republic of Congo . The gorilla section is in a strategically important area near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda . A ranger was killed earlier this year , and rangers lost control of a large part of the park to rebels for over a year . But a census earlier this year suggests mountain gorillas are surviving despite poaching and war . Officials have long said that the 250-square kilometer gorilla reserve in the southern part of Virunga National Park is where around 200 of the world 's 700 mountain gorillas live .	Undercover officers rescue a baby gorilla from suspected animal traffickers Congolese Wildlife Authority officers find gorilla hidden in bag Female gorilla was overheated and dehydrated after six hours in transit
London , England  CNN  -- How much does it cost to renovate an "  uninhabitable " wing of a 17th century palace to make it fit for a future king and queen ? Now we know : # 4.5 million  $ 7.6 million  . That 's what the British taxpayer has put toward the refurbishment of Apartment 1a , Kensington Palace , which recently became the official residence of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince George . But the true cost is higher , because the couple also put in hundreds of thousands of dollars of their own money for additional improvements . For example , public money was used to renovate the existing kitchen , but Catherine and William wanted a second "  family kitchen , " which they paid for themselves . A royal spokesperson said : "  Kensington Palace has a working kitchen provided by the Sovereign  public  Grant to support receptions and other public events which might be hosted there . There is also a much smaller family kitchen paid for privately by The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . " The general rule applied to the project was that basic works would be paid for from the public purse , and anything beyond that would be covered by the Cambridges themselves . It was a major renovation . The apartment was last lived in by the Queen 's late sister , Princess Margaret , but in recent years was used as office space . It needed updating and reshaping into a family home . Asbestos was discovered throughout the building , so in the end , nearly everything was stripped out internally , and even the roof had to be replaced -- all to exacting standards to meet historic building regulations . The name "  1a " downplays the grandeur of the property , with its more than 20 main rooms and expansive garden . But what 's it like inside ? Well , we have n't been allowed in to see , but a Royal Household source describes "  a very ordinary level of furnishing . " And added : "  It 's not opulent . " The project was subject to the normal competitive tendering processes , and an independent quantity surveying firm confirmed to the Household that the costs are "  commensurate with building projects of a similar size , sensitivity and complexity . " It wo n't be open to the public though , which begs the question : Why are they paying for it , especially when the Cambridges are also renovating a private home outside London ? The Household source confirmed that the apartment would be used for official engagements , which means invited guests and , presumably , media will get a chance to see inside . The Queen received # 36.1 million  $ 61.3 million  from the British Government for the 2013-14 financial year in what 's called "  The Sovereign Grant , " and it covers the costs of her public duties and the upkeep of palaces including Kensington . There 's a major backlog of repairs throughout the estate -- 40 % of it is n't up to standard , according to the Household source . Most of the services in Buckingham Palace date back to 1949 . So was Kensington Palace given priority over other repairs ? "  Yes , in that we needed it for occupation , " said the source . The figures have been revealed in the Royal Household 's Annual Report and Accounts , which also showed Prince Charles spent nearly # 250,000  $ 425,000  on a private jet to Nelson Mandela 's funeral . The Household source says there was massive demand for charter flights by heads of state to attend and that was the cost to charter at that time . "  This was the only realistic way of getting him there in time . " The palace points out that the cost of the monarchy is 56p  95 cents  per head of the British population , but that does n't cover the vast costs of security for the palaces and individual members of the royal family . The Royal Household source notes : "  The cost of security is a cost of terrorism rather than a cost of the monarchy . " And that , they point out , is something they can not control . Prince Harry joins Twitter	Refurbishing empty palace for Duke and Duchess of Cambridge costs British taxpayers $ 7.6 M Residence in Kensington Palace was "  uninhabitable " ; asbestos was discovered Royal couple also spent their own money on additional improvements The residence will be used as a home and for official engagements
CNN  -- The political pyrotechnics of a face-to-face encounter between U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin could eclipse a spectacular fireworks show set to illuminate the Normandy coastline to commemorate the D-Day anniversary . French President Francois Hollande has gone to great lengths to prevent such an uncomfortable meeting . On Thursday evening , Hollande dined with Obama before hosting a separate dinner with Putin . Talk about awkward dinner parties . Obama and Putin are among the leaders invited to take part in French ceremonies Friday marking the 70th anniversary of the D-Day landings , which helped change the course of World War II . The two are likely to cross paths in France , Obama said , but no formal talks have been announced . If they should speak , Obama has said , he will give Putin the same message on Ukraine that he has given him in phone calls over past weeks and in his public statements . On Thursday , after a meeting of G7 leaders in Brussels , Belgium , from which Russia was excluded , Obama offered stern words about Russia 's actions in Ukraine . Putin "  has a chance to get back into a lane of international law , " Obama said . Obama said Putin could start by recognizing Ukraine 's new President-elect Petro Poroshenko , stopping the flow of weapons over the border into Ukraine and ceasing Russian support for pro-Russia separatists in Ukraine . Putin , in an interview with French television station TF1 , did not discount the possibility of meeting with Obama . "  As for my relations with Barack Obama , I have no reason whatsoever to believe he is not willing to talk to the President of Russia , " he said . "  But ultimately , it is his choice . I am always ready for dialogue , and I think that dialogue is the best way to bridge any gaps . " The D-Day events also could bring Putin and Ukraine 's Poroshenko face to face . Asked if he would speak with Ukraine 's new leader , Putin said he will not "  evade " Poroshenko or anyone else . "  There will be other guests , and I 'm not going to avoid any of them . I will talk with all of them , " he said , according to the Kremlin 's translation . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Obama and Putin could come face to face in France at D-Day commemoration French President Hollande dined with Obama before separate dinner with Putin No formal talks have been announced ; Putin says he wo n't avoid anyone Obama said he would reiterate comments on Ukraine if leaders meet
CNN  -- A rising Canadian folk singer was killed by coyotes this week in a national park in Nova Scotia , a park spokesman said Thursday . Taylor Mitchell , 19 , was at the beginning of the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park on Tuesday afternoon when she was attacked , according to Chip Bird , the Parks Canada field unit superintendent for Cape Breton . Bird said hikers saw the coyotes attacking Mitchell and called 911 . She was airlifted to a hospital in Halifax , where she died about 12 hours later , he said . Mitchell was recently nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by Canadian Folk Music Awards . She was touring the Maritime provinces and had a break between gigs to go hiking Tuesday , her manager , Lisa Weitz , said in an e-mail . "  She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity , " she wrote . "  Words ca n't begin to express the sadness and tragedy of losing such a sweet , compassionate , vibrant , and phenomenally talented young woman , " Weitz said . "  Her warmth , loving nature , astounding artistry , and infectious enthusiasm will be so missed and forever remembered . " Read more about who Taylor Mitchell was Mitchell , who was originally from the Georgian Bay area in Ontario , lived in Toronto , Weitz said . Bird said the area where the attack occurred is popular and well traveled . It remained closed , and park authorities had shot one coyote believed to be involved . A pathologist will test the animal 's body for diseases that might have triggered the attack , he said . Searches for other aggressive animals in the park continue , he said . "  Public safety is our primary concern , " he said . He said no other coyote attacks had ever occurred in the park . "  We 've had coyotes approach people too closely , " he said , and about six years ago one nipped a person . That animal was killed because of "  lack of fear , " he said . But Tuesday 's attack is "  unprecedented and a totally isolated incident , " he said . In a written statement , Emily Mitchell described her daughter as "  a seasoned naturalist and well versed in wilderness camping . She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity . Tragically it was her time to be taken from us so soon . "  We take a calculated risk when spending time in nature 's fold -- it 's the wildlife 's terrain , " Emily Mitchell 's statement continued . "  When the decision had been made to kill the pack of coyotes , I clearly heard Taylor 's voice say , ` please do n't , this is their space . ' She would n't have wanted their demise , especially as a result of her own . She was passionate about animals , was an environmentalist , and was also planning to volunteer at the Toronto Wildlife Centre in the coming months . " Send your stories , photos of Mitchell Michael Johnston , Mitchell 's producer for her debut album , "  For Your Consideration , " said the singer was a "  brilliant and beautiful light that people were naturally drawn to . " "  She was so young and talented . Her big dreams were a perfect match with her big , kind heart . " He said he and his family would soon be organizing a celebration of her life . Coyote attacks on humans are extremely rare , said Michael O'Brien , wildlife manager of furbearers and upland game for Nova Scotia . It is "  not expected or normal behavior , " he said , although he said there had been aggressive incidents in Nova Scotia before , but no deaths . Illness , injury and familiarity with humans can affect an animal 's behavior , he said .	Taylor Mitchell was at the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park Hikers saw coyotes attack Mitchell and called 911 ; she later died at a Halifax hospital Park where attack occurred remains closed ; coyote believed to be involved has been shot Mitchell was nominated for Young Performer of the Year by Canadian Folk Music Awards
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is traveling to Israel on Monday as part of the latest effort to forge a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . Kerry is flying from Paris -- where he had discussed the Ukraine crisis with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov over the weekend -- into Tel Aviv , with possible meetings in Jerusalem and Ramallah over the next day , a senior State Department official said . Kerry tried to restart the Israeli-Palestinian peace process eight months ago , aiming to get a deal leading to the two states coexisting peacefully . So far , the process has included a series of meetings along with incremental steps intended to build trust , such as prisoner releases . However , Kerry 's initial goal of an agreement by the end of April has morphed into a possible framework for further talks through the end of 2014 . Psaki said Kerry decided it would be productive to return to the region this week after consulting with a U.S. team that is negotiating with the Israelis and the Palestinians to end their decades-long conflict . "  Over the course of the last eight months , the Israelis and Palestinians have both made tough choices , and as we work with them to determine the next steps , it is important they remember that only peace will bring the Israeli and Palestinian people both the security and economic prosperity they all deserve , " Psaki said . Kerry 's trip comes after President Barack Obama hosted Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas for separate White House talks earlier this month . While both sides have signaled agreement with the concept of a two-state solution , in which Israel and an independent Palestinian nation would live side by side , they remain at odds over how to make that happen . Areas of disagreement include borders , security issues , the status of Jerusalem , and the rights of Palestinians who left or fled their homes in what is now Israel . CNN "  s Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Kerry kickstarted latest peace effort eight months ago Spokeswoman : Kerry decided to return to region this week after consulting with U.S. negotiators Borders , security issues , status of Jerusalem still are sticking points
CNN  -- All of the candidates in the presidential campaign agree the 2012 election will revolve around the economy . Although there are signs that conditions are slightly improving , the high unemployment rate and the depressed housing market are causing immense anxiety among American voters . As a result , most of the political debate has centered on how the nation will rebound from the steep 2007-09 recession and anemic recovery that has afflicted the nation throughout President Barack Obama 's term in the White House . Republicans and Democrats have tried to walk a political high wire as the release of new economic data continually changes the playing field . Mitt Romney , for instance , fell into a trap when he admitted that there were signs the economy was improving , a statement that caused many Republicans to grumble about their front-runner handing Democrats the key issue . Meanwhile , Obama 's optimism has often been undercut with data showing that the situation is still bad . With all the attention that has been given to short-term economic recovery , however , politicians in both parties have generally avoided the types of long-term structural challenges that are really at the heart of national anxiety and which greatly threaten America 's ability to compete with China and other rising economic powers . The first problem has been the exodus of good jobs to other countries . In one of the most troubling developments of recent decades , many types of industrial jobs have been shipped overseas . And by and large , they wo n't be returning . Numerous companies have built facilities in other countries where labor costs are lower , workplace laws are lax or nonexistent and other kinds of regulations are weak . According to a recent study by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation , the United States lost 5.7 million manufacturing jobs in the 2000s . If these trends continue , the tight labor market will become the new normal . The chances for high school and college graduates to land solid jobs in the U.S. will diminish , as has already been the case for many working Americans who have watched the factories shut down . Another chronic challenge facing the U.S. is the rising level of inequality in the United States . The gap between the rich and poor has grown dramatically since the 1970s . A troubling trend that has lasted for decades has been that the average income of the top 5 % has risen while the average income of the rest of the nation has fallen . The number of Americans in the ranks of the middle class has thinned . The income supports upon which workers depended have diminished , both those provided by government and by private employers . More Americans find themselves squeezed lower onto the lower rungs of the economic ladder . As many commentators have noted , there are a number of causes for this growing gap , including public policy . Without the ability of the government and private markets to reverse this trend , the U.S. will not be able to sustain the kind of vibrant middle class -- which in the 1940s and 1950s was attainable by more and more Americans -- that has been the engine behind the American dream . The final challenge is an urban crisis that has decimated pockets of America . As Thomas Sugrue showed in his award-winning book , "  The Origins of the Urban Crisis , " the breakdown of the cities began in the 1940s and 1950s as racist employment practices and real estate markets hampered the ability of African-Americans to get good jobs or relocate into better neighborhoods . The problems accelerated as jobs continued to move into the suburbs  before moving overseas  . Rioting in the 1960s further devastated these communities . The result of the urban crisis has been that multiple generations of inner-city residents have lived with little hope for a better future and have struggled to make ends meet , trying to survive on streets that are ridden by crime and drugs . Many black leaders have been deeply disappointed that Obama , the first African-American occupant of the White House , has not done much to address these issues . Although Republican Rick Santorum recently proposed tax cuts to lure business into these areas , there is little evidence that such a change in policy would do much to reverse decades of decay . These are not the kinds of issues that politicians like to talk about in their campaigns . As opposed to temporary recessions , these quasi-permanent structural challenges have been decades in the making and will require wrenching policy choices as well as dramatic market developments to resolve . If our political leaders do n't address these issues that underlie the concerns of the nation , it will become ever more difficult to re-create the vibrant economic conditions that existed during the "  American Century " when grand expectations about the future , as the historian James Patterson argued , guided public debate . Then , the nation was strong and the possibilities for growth seemed infinite . Today , even if short-term conditions improve , our economy is far from what it used to be . How to achieve a better future is the debate that we really should be having in 2012 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Candidates agree that the economy is the main issue in the election Julian Zelizer says they 're ignoring the deeper economic challenge America faces Good jobs have gone offshore , inequality is growing and urban areas lag , he says Zelizer : U.S. economic problems are decades in the making and need serious attention
CNN  -- Benedict XVI 's shock resignation in February -- the first for almost 600 years -- sent experts inside and outside the Vatican rushing to consult church law to work out what will happen next . The ensuing conclave fever has unearthed some quirky facts alongside the more significant . Here 's a selection to drop into conversation . Conclave means "  with key . " The elaborate voting process dates to the early Middle Ages and was born out of frustration after a gathering of cardinals took nearly three years to select a pope . The locals got so fed up , they tore the roof off the building where the cardinals were meeting and then decided to lock the cardinals in , to speed up a decision . Why cardinals once took three years to choose pope Bread and water Eventually Pope Gregory X was chosen . He wanted to avoid a repeat of his own experience and thus the conclave became a tradition . Cardinals in the future would get only one dish at their noon and evening meal if they took more than three days to decide ... and only bread , water , and wine if it went beyond eight . Gone are those food restrictions but Pope Gregory would be proud , more recently , that the cardinals have , on average , chosen a pope in roughly three days . Renaissance luxury While Gregory X 's approach had been to make conditions so spartan that the cardinals were pressured into making a decision fast , historian and author Frederic Baumgartner said the cardinals of the Renaissance expected to live more comfortably . They moved the conclave from the Papal Archbasilica of St. John Lateran -- or the Lateran Palace -- to the Vatican because the palace had become so rickety . Voting was initially held in the Vatican 's Pauline Chapel but since 1878 the Sistine Chapel has consistently been the venue . Conclave doctor While the cardinal-electors are locked in the Sistine Chapel on their own for the actual balloting process , they 're not entirely alone for the length of the conclave . Alongside officials such as the Secretary of the College of Cardinals and masters of ceremonies , priests must be available for hearing confessions , two medical doctors for possible emergencies , and an adequate team of domestic staff to prepare and serve meals , and for general housekeeping , according to Monsignor Charles Burns . In his guide to the conclave Msgr. Burns said these staff are also bound to observe total confidentiality and must swear an oath in Italian . Male and unmarried ? There is nothing to prohibit votes being cast for someone outside the College of Cardinals . CNN 's Vatican expert John Allen said any person who would be eligible for ordination to the Catholic priesthood -- therefore an unmarried male -- could be elected as pope . But he said in practice the new pope will be elected from among the cardinals who are voting . Only one man elected pope has not been a cardinal . Archbishop Bartolomeo Prignano of Bari in Italy was named Pope Urban VI back in 1378 . Msgr. Burns warned that this led to the Great Western Schism , which divided Christendom for almost 40 years -- until Pope Gregory XII 's resignation . Bookmakers are also allowing bets on outsiders ranging from U2 singer Bono to disgraced American cyclist Lance Armstrong to lead the church . The 10,000-1 odds are perhaps an indication that the outcome of the conclave will remain traditional . Gambling with God : Staking a wager on the next pope Italian advantage ? Italians have clearly had the home field advantage , dominating the papacy through the centuries . The conclave of 1978 produced the closest thing to a genuine surprise we 've had in decades , in John Paul II , the first non-Italian in 500 years . And while the election of this Polish cardinal was a shock , the cardinal electors had looked outside Italy before , though not often . In 1492 , the conclave selected a Spaniard , Pope Alexander VI ... and in previous centuries , a pope was chosen from Syria and another from the Netherlands . Why me ? Behind Michelangelo 's "  Last Judgement " painting lies the Sala de Lacrima -- the Room of Tears , where the newly elected pope goes to change out of his red cardinals robes into the white vestments of the pope . Fr . Christopher Whitehead said the room was so-named "  because the poor man obviously breaks down at being elected . " What to wear , what to wear Msgr. Burns said three sizes of soutane , large , medium and small , would be laid out in the Sala de Lacrima , ready to be adjusted to fit the pope-elect . If he is not already a bishop , the Dean of the College of Cardinals would ordain him . Red slippers Constantine the Great gave popes the privileges of emperors -- meaning they could wear red shoes . It had been believed that Benedict 's slippers were made by Italian fashion house Prada . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour revealed that it was not in fact so . And Dan Rivers spoke to a Peruvian cobbler as well as some designers responsible for the papal robes . Wrong ransacking Baumgartner said there had been a tradition that the residents of Rome would ransack the dwelling of the cardinal that was elected to be pope -- on the grounds that he did n't need it anymore . There was at least one example of the Roman people ransacking the house of the wrong cardinal , during the 400 to 500 years the tradition was followed , he said . "  Not only did he not become pope but he did n't have anything left in his house . " You have been watching Vatican spokesman the Rev. Tom Rosica told CNN that Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI watched on television as cardinals took their oath of secrecy in the Sistine Chapel to begin the conclave to elect his successor , and also saw on television the black smoke from the Sistine Chapel Tuesday night to indicate they had not agreed on anyone yet . Definitely not Peter It was n't until the end of the 10th century that the head of the church started taking a different name to the one he was born with , said eminent Italian church historian Alberto Melloni . But since then only one , Adrian VI in the 16th century , has kept his baptismal name . In the long history of popes , stretching back two millennia to St. Peter , some names have picked up negative associations , while others have come to signify conservatism or a desire for change . While we wait to hear what the 266th pope of the Roman Catholic church will call himself , we can be sure of only one thing , according to Melloni : the new pope will not be called Peter . This is out of respect for the first St. Peter , the Apostle -- but perhaps also reflects a centuries ' old prophecy that a Peter II will be the very last pope to serve .	115 cardinal-electors are gathered in the Sistine Chapel to choose a new pope Conclave follows the resignation of Benedict and is conducted in secrecy In theory , any unmarried male Catholic could be elected as pope In practice , it will be one of the cardinals involved in the voting process
CNN  The comet Siding Spring whizzed within 87,000 miles of Mars on Sunday -- close enough to the Red Planet that the fleet of spacecraft orbiting Mars "  ducked " for cover . But not before gathering some data . NASA took the precaution of having the spacecraft move behind the planet to avoid getting hit by Siding Spring 's trail of dust and gas . The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter was the first of the spacecraft to report it was unharmed as the comet passed . It made observations of the comet before sheltering behind Mars , NASA said in a news release . "  The spacecraft performed flawlessly throughout the comet flyby , " said Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter Project Manager Dan Johnston of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory . "  It maneuvered for the planned observations of the comet and emerged unscathed . " The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter immediately began to transmit information to Earth , but the full downlink could take days , NASA said . Siding Spring sped by Mars at a speed of about 126,000 miles per hour . The comet does not pose a threat to Earth and was headed back out to the outer reaches of the solar system , according to NASA . Hours after the comet passed at its closest point to Mars , NASA was still awaiting confirmation on the status of the Mars Odyssey orbiter and the new Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN  MAVEN  . Several Earth-based and space telescopes , including the Hubble Space Telescope , also took pictures . The NASA rovers that are on the surface of Mars were protected by Mars ' atmosphere , NASA said .	Siding Spring came within 87,000 miles of Mars ; that 's close for a comet flyby NASA protected its spacecraft orbiting the planet by having them hide The first of three NASA orbiters reported to be in good health
CNN  -- Wayman Tisdale , who became a successful jazz musician after retiring from pro basketball , died Friday morning after a two-year battle with cancer , his agent said . Wayman Tisdale greets Shaquille O'Neal during a game November 1 , 1996 . Tisdale , 44 , died in a Tulsa , Oklahoma , hospital , where his wife took him when he had trouble breathing early Friday , agent Scott Pang said . Tisdale 's death was "  a complete shock " and came as he prepared to return to the recording studio next week to work on a project with jazz guitarist Norman Brown , Pang said . "  He was a real testament to the power of positive thinking , " Pang said . "  Even after the cancer and amputating his leg above his knee , he never lost that smile on his face . " Doctors discovered Tisdale 's bone cancer after he broke his leg in a fall down a flight of stairs , according to the official biography on his Web site . "  It really showed me what 's important in life , man , " he said in his bio . "  It 's not getting as many houses as I can , not driving the biggest cars . What 's important is family and being healthy . " Tisdale averaged 15 points and six rebounds a game over a 12-year NBA career , during which he played with the Indiana Pacers , Sacramento Kings and Phoenix Suns , according to the NBA Web site . "  He was the nicest man in the world with the biggest heart and an even bigger smile , " Reggie Miller , Tisdale 's teammate with the Pacers in the late 1980s , said in a statement to the Indianapolis Star . "  I thank him for befriending me and showing me there is more to life than just basketball . " Sam Perkins , also a former Indiana Pacer and best man at Tisdale 's wedding , told the Indianapolis Star that Tisdale 's enthusiasm went beyond the court . "  That 's a real friend who 's got your back and would do just about anything for you , " Perkins said . "  That smile just gets you . He was upbeat all the time . " Former NBA player and coach Avery Johnson told the Indianapolis Star Tisdale was always smiling and had an unbelievably upbeat attitude . "  Every time he came in a room or before a game , he always had that smile , " Johnson said . "  Now , he would elbow you afterward , but he always had that smile . " Tisdale was also considered a Sooner superstar during his stint at Oklahoma University . "  Wayman 's one of the biggest reasons why I chose Oklahoma , " said Stacey King , Tisdale 's Oklahoma teammate and a former Chicago Bulls player . "  I wanted to be part of something special , and it made logical sense to go to OU , because I wanted to pattern my game after him . I wanted to be like him . People used to talk about ` Be like Mike -LSB- Jordan -RSB- , ' but I wanted to be like Wayman . We 've lost a special person . I do n't think there will ever be another Wayman Tisdale . " His jazz recording career began in 1995 , two years before his 1997 NBA retirement , with a debut CD that rose to No. 4 on Billboard 's Contemporary Jazz chart and crossed over onto the R&B charts , the bio said . Subsequent songs -- including "  Ai n't No Stopping Us Now , " "  Ca n't Hide Love " and "  Do n't Take Your Love Away " -- were top radio hits . Singer and actor Jamie Foxx praised the basketball star 's music career , telling Rolling Stone magazine in 2005 that his all-time backup band would be "  Sheila E on the drums ; Herbie Hancock on the keys ; Earth , Wind and Fire singing backup vocals ; Prince and Slash on guitar ; Randy Jackson on percussion ; Wayman Tisdale on bass ; Kenny G on the sax with Branford Marsalis ; and Wynton Marsalis on trumpet . " Tisdale is survived by his wife , four children and one granddaughter .	NEW : Former teammates and friends mourn "  the nicest man in the world " Wayman Tisdale was college and pro basketball star , later jazz bassist Tisdale had two-year battle with cancer ; he was 44 when he died Friday Death called "  a complete shock " ; Tisdale was about to record with Norman Brown
CNN  -- Two of the biggest stars in the NBA will be team-mates next season after a blockbuster trade which sees Shaquille O'Neal move from the Phoenix Suns to the Cleveland Cavaliers -- the home of league MVP LeBron James . Shaquille O'Neal is hoping his arrival will put a smile on the faces of Cleveland fans . The 37-year-old O'Neal is one of the all-time greats of basketball , winning four NBA championships , three straight with the Los Angeles Lakers and the other with Miami Heat . James is widely recognized as the sport 's current superstar , but the 24-year-old has been left frustrated by Cleveland 's failure to win the title . He stormed off the court after their loss to the Orlando Magic in the Eastern Conference finals , not even shaking hands with 2008 Olympic teammate Dwight Howard . The trade , which sees Phoenix get center Ben Wallace and guard Sasha Pavlovic , has been talked about since February but finalized on Thursday night . "  I was elated about the trade because I get to play with one of the greatest players to ever play the game in LeBron James , " O'Neal was quoted on the NBA 's official Web site www.nba.com . O'Neal averaged 17.8 points and 8.4 rebounds in 75 games for the Suns last season and believes he still has much to offer the NBA . "  My numbers are not good enough to retire . Three more years left , " O'Neal wrote on his Twitter blog . His career averages are 24.7 points , 11.3 rebounds and 2.4 blocked shots , with his peak seasons coming as he led the Lakers to three straight titles from 2000-02 . The Lakers traded him to Miami where he spent three seasons , helping them to the NBA Championship three years ago . He has played in Phoenix for the past two years , restricted by injuries in his first season . The Cavs , powered by James , won 66 regular season games and their first eight in the playoffs before coming unstuck against the Magic . They will be hoping that O'Neal will be the final piece in the jigsaw to land the first American sports championship for Cleveland in 45 years .	Shaquille O'Neal is traded from the Phoenix Suns to the Cleveland Cavaliers 7 foot one inch O'Neal has been named in the NBA 's All Star team 15 times O'Neal , 37 , will now pair up with 2009 NBA MVP LeBron James at Cleveland
CNN  -- U.S. Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , is asking the National Highway Transportation Safety Administration to look into additional questions about unintended acceleration of Toyota cars . Citing unidentified whistle-blowers critical of "  too narrow " federal investigations , the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee asked the NHTSA in a letter to look into the phenomenon of "  tin whiskers " -- or crystalline structures of tin -- that theoretically could lead to the unintended acceleration . The whistle-blowers also provided Grassley with documentation about the investigations by NHTSA and NASA into the Toyota vehicles , including one NASA report that stated : "  Because proof that the  electronic throttle-control systems  caused the reported  unintended accelerations  was not found does not mean it could not occur . " Grassley 's letter to the safety agency 's administrator , David Strickland , asks the agency to provide the committee with all information relating to tin whisker testing and for the agency 's position on tin whiskers ' possibly causing the unintended acceleration . Strickland and his agency did n't immediately respond Thursday to a CNN request for a comment . A Toyota spokesman told CNN Thursday that "  so-called ` tin whiskers ' are not a new phenomenon and do not represent a mysterious or undetectable problem in a vehicle 's electronics . " Last year , a federal investigation into possible causes of the unintended acceleration in Toyota cars found no fault with the automaker 's electronic throttle-control systems , the Department of Transportation said . So far there are three known causes of unintended acceleration in Toyota vehicles : improperly installed floor mats , sticky pedals and driver error . Toyota spokesman Brian Lyons said Thursday that "  all the scientific evidence " confirms there 's no problem with the electronic throttle-control systems in Toyota vehicles . "  Indeed , no data indicates that tin whiskers are more prone to occur in Toyota vehicles than any other vehicle in the marketplace , " Lyons said in an e-mail to CNN . "  Further , no one has ever found a single real-world example of tin whiskers causing an unintended acceleration event , nor have they put forth any evidence of unintended acceleration occurring in a Toyota vehicle because of tin whiskers forming inside an accelerator pedal position sensor , " Lyons said . "  Toyota 's systems are designed to reduce the risk that tin whiskers will form in the first place and multiple robust fail-safe systems are in place to counter any effects on the operation of our vehicles in the highly unlikely event that they do form and connect to adjacent circuitry , " Lyons said . In Grassley 's letter dated July 12 and released publicly Thursday , the senator asks Strickland why his agency relied on NASA engineers and whether the agency lacks "  the sufficient expertise to conduct such investigations and why . " Said Grassley in the letter : "  This is a serious issue . From 2000 to 2010 , NASA concluded there were 9,698 identified UA  unintended acceleration  customer complaints and NHTSA concedes that this is likely only a fraction of the actual incidents of UA : ` NHTSA assumes that not all incidents are reported and that , accordingly , each complaint represents a greater number of unreported real-world failures . ' " Grassley asks the agency how many of the 9,698 vehicles were inspected for tin whiskers . In March , CNN reported that Toyota engineers found an electronic software problem that caused "  sudden unintended acceleration " in a test vehicle during pre-production trials , according to a company engineering document obtained by and translated for CNN . The 2006 document , marked "  confidential , " recounted the results of an adaptive cruise-control software test in a model internally designated the 250L , a vehicle later sold as the Lexus 460 in Japan and Europe . The document says a "  fail-safe overhaul " would be needed for another model in production , internally designated the 180L , which the company says was later sold as a Toyota Tundra . In response , Toyota asserted that the document shows no such thing , and the company continues to deny that any sudden unintended acceleration in any of its vehicles was caused by electronic systems . The Japanese-language document said that Toyota engineers recorded a "  sudden unintended acceleration " in the 250L 's adaptive cruise control , which was designed to slow the vehicle if sensors detected an object ahead and accelerate the vehicle when the obstacle clears , according to a Tokyo-based translation house with expertise in automotive and technical matters that CNN retained to independently translate the document . Toyota insisted the translation was inaccurate . Despite multiple requests , the company did n't provide its own translation of the document . Neither the test vehicle nor the adaptive cruise-control system cited in the document has been sold in the United States , Toyota said . Grassley set a July 26 deadline for the NHTSA to respond to his eight sets of questions . CNN 's David Fitzpatrick contributed to this report .	Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , received documents from whistle-blowers Grassley is the ranking member of the Senate Judiciary Committee Questions bear upon "  tin whiskers " possibly causing the acceleration Toyota says "  tin whiskers " do n't "  represent a mysterious ... problem "
A television commercial that prompted complaints for its portrayal of a white woman feeding a young black boy like a dog will not be formally investigated , South Africa 's advertising watchdog has ruled . The Advertising Standards Authority  ASA  says it is satisfied the actions of the organization behind the advert , Feed a Child -- which has withdrawn the commercial and published a formal apology -- address complainants ' concerns . The first scene from the advertisement shows the woman watching television with the boy lying across her lap . She strokes him like a pet and feeds him popcorn with her fingers . It then portrays the boy bringing her a newspaper as she eats breakfast in bed . She rewards him with a morsel of food . Icing a cake , she lets him lick her fingers and later passes him crumbs as she eats the cake . Finally the advertisement switches to a dining room where the woman is eating dinner , the young boy crouched on the floor below her , looking up . She passes him small portions of food in her fingers -- feeding him like a dog . The commercial then switches to a text message reading : "  The average domestic dog eats better than millions of children , " before asking for donations to Feed a Child . On its website , Feed a Child says one in 10 children in South Africa suffers from malnutrition and dies within the first 12 months of life . The advert sparked a range of reaction on social media , some complained , including @AlexanderHampel who tweeted : "  Definitely the wrong way to get a message across . Who approves these ads ? Hugely racist . What do you think ? feed a child #feedachild , " While @CurateZar wrote : "  That advert was in such poor taste . Do n't think there 's a way to go around it . What were trying to achieve ? Just wow . #FeedAChild Meanwhile @MsLeloB wrote : "  People Outraged about the #FeedAChild ad as expected but is it not reality ? Use that energy to feed a child not lodge complaints , " ASA said it had received 12 complaints about the advertisement since Monday . "  The complainants submitted that the commercial is offensive , racist and tasteless . It suggests that white people treat and feed black kids like dogs , which is exceptionally degrading and dehumanizing , " it said . "  The second complainant argued that the comparison between dog owners and starving children is unfounded and irrelevant . Every dog owner carries the responsibility to feed and care for their dog , just like the state and / or a parent carries the responsibility to care for their children . It is not the responsibility of dog owners to feed other people 's children . Suggesting that white people are happy to feed their dogs expensive food , but not to help starving black children is offensive . " ASA said it was "  significant to note " that Feed a Child had published a formal apology on its website and that its YouTube channel now featured a video of its CEO apologizing and contextualizing the advertisement and its intended commercial message . ` Unreserved apology ' The video apology opens with text reading : "  Is this racist ? Is this controversial ? Is this offensive ? Or is it about time ... we all stand together and feed the children of our beautiful country ? " Feed a Child founder and CEO Alza Rautenbach then addresses the camera . "  Like a child , I do n't see race or politics -- the only thing that is important to me is to make a difference in a child 's life and to make sure that that child is fed on a daily basis , " she says in her statement . Feed a Child 's online statement offers an "  unreserved apology " to anyone offended or hurt by the commercial . "  We acknowledge the fact that the advert could be seen as insensitive or distasteful and we take heed to the fact that many perceived the advert as racist . This was most certainly not the intention , and again we apologize , " Feed a Child said . In a statement released earlier , Feed a Child had said : "  The commercial is intentionally emotive to trigger the necessary awareness on this issue to generate engagement and contributions . " Advertising company Ogilvy and Mather , who created the advertisement , also issued an apology , saying it was aware of the "  negative reaction " it sparked and that it had not intended to cause offense .	An advert showing a white woman feeding a black boy like a dog has run in South Africa The ad ends with "  the average domestic dog eats better than millions of children " Feed a Child withdrew its ad and issued an apology for any offense caused The Advertising Standards Authority has since ruled that no formal action needed to be taken
Protesters hurled rocks and police fired tear gas in Istanbul on Sunday , the third day of demonstrations . Thousands of protesters remained in control of the city 's Taksim Square after security forces abandoned the district Saturday following 36 hours of vicious clashes and angry demonstrations against the government . Demonstrators erected makeshift barricades at the entrance to the square , which holds huge symbolic importance for Turkey 's leftist political parties and labor movement . There were reports of confrontations in at least one other neighborhood in Istanbul and in cities such as Ankara and Adana , where a man told CNN the situation was bad . Police fired tear gas in Ankara to disperse demonstrators . "  There is civil police arresting people all over the place , " Cenker Kardesler said by phone . "  The police tried to corner the people . They came at us from both sides . " In Taksim Square , tensions remained high between protesters and police , but the scene was calmer than it had been in recent days . Many people helped municipal workers in their cleanup efforts . But on Friday and Saturday , this bustling neighborhood was a battleground as riot police used water cannons , tear gas , pepper spray and armored personnel carriers to prevent protesters from entering this transit and commercial hub at the heart of the city . Saturday afternoon , police withdrew after firing several last volleys of tear gas at crowds , sending thousands of screaming people fleeing for cover . Police used similar tactics in the Istanbul neighborhood of Besiktas early Sunday , a resident said . A woman who was on her way to buy groceries told CNN she saw police using tear gas and people fleeing in terror . Police crackdown triggers anti-government riots Turkey 's semi-official news agency reported that more than 700 people have been detained since Tuesday , and most have been released . Andalou News Agency said 58 civilians are still hospitalized and 115 security officers have been injured . There have been protests in 67 of Turkey 's 81 provinces over the past four days , Andalou reported . What began as a small sit-in to protest against the government 's plan to demolish a park in Taksim Square has swelled to the biggest protest movement against Turkey 's prime minister since Recep Tayyip Erdogan was elected more than 10 years ago . The crowds have been chanting "  Tayyip resign " and "  shoulder to shoulder against fascism . " In a televised speech on Sunday , Erdogan remained defiant . "  I ask in the name of God , Tayyip Erdogan is a dictator ? If you are the kind of person who can call someone who serves their people a dictator , then I have no words for you , " Erdogan said . He went on to praise his accomplishments overseeing a decade of unprecedented economic growth in Turkey . He also defended his record as a leader who has planted many trees . Court to hear case at center of Istanbul protests "  They are putting on airs saying we massacre trees , " he said . "  We have planted approximately 2 billion trees . " But many of the demonstrators say their anger is no longer directed against the proposed government plan to demolish Gezi Park , the last green space in central Istanbul . "  This park was just the ignition of all that , " said Yakup Efe Tuncay , a 28-year-old demonstrator who carried a Turkish flag while walking through the park Saturday . "  The Erdogan government is usually considered as authoritarian . He has a big ego ; he has this Napoleon syndrome . He takes himself as a sultan . ... He needs to stop doing that . He 's just a prime minister . " The scope of the protests shows there is a bigger issue , about freedom of speech and accusations of authoritative government . "  People are entitled to disagreement with the government ; they can exercise their democratic rights , but they can do so within the context of a democratic society , " Erdogan 's chief adviser , Ibrahim Kalin , said Saturday . International human rights groups Amnesty International and Greenpeace have denounced what they describe as the excessive use of police force against peaceful protesters . A spokesman for European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton issued a statement that said Ashton "  regrets disproportionate use of force by members of the Turkish police . " Ashton also called for talks between the two sides .	Police fire tear gas in Istanbul and Ankara The protests are the biggest in some 10 years Report : More than 700 people have been detained across the country , with most released Prime minister tells TV audience he is no dictator
ATHENS , Georgia  CNN  -- The body of accused triple killer and University of Georgia professor George Zinkhan was claimed by a relative Friday , nearly a week after Zinkhan was found dead , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said . A studio proof shows professor George Zinkhan and his wife , Marie Bruce . A mortuary shipping service in Atlanta picked up Zinkhan 's body at the request of a son from a previous marriage , GBI spokesman John Bankhead said . Details on plans for the body were n't immediately available . Earlier Friday , Bankhead had said Zinkhan 's body -- found Saturday in a self-dug shallow grave -- could be headed to a pauper 's grave if the family did n't claim the body from the Athens-Clarke County coroner 's office by Saturday morning . Such a grave is typically reserved for unidentified bodies , unclaimed bodies or people without family members . Bankhead said the situation was rare and that it was unclear why the family had taken that long to claim the body of the professor , described by colleagues and acquaintances as aloof and eccentric . Neighbor Bob Covington remembers a lot of "  forced moments " with Zinkhan . The last such interaction came the afternoon of April 24 , the day before witnesses said Zinkhan , 57 , killed his wife and two others outside a community theater in Athens . Covington was walking down the driveway of his Bogart home to check the mail . Zinkhan had just done the same and was walking back to his house . Covington said hello and told Zinkhan that his son , a UGA student who used to mow the Zinkhans ' lawn , had recently seen Zinkhan on campus . "  He said , ` Yeah , that 's where I hang out , ' and turned and walked into the house , " said Covington , who lived next door to Zinkhan for eight years . "  That 's mostly what it was with George , forced moments . " It was odd for Zinkhan to say more than five or 10 words before disengaging , while his wife , Marie Bruce , was the "  polar opposite , " Covington said , describing the 47-year-old thespian as engaging and vivacious . Despite the contrasts in personalities , Covington never saw evidence that there were problems between the two , he said . "  He never raised his voice at his kids . I never heard that . I never heard him raise his voice at Marie , " he said . Neighbors , students and fellow faculty members all concur that Zinkhan was standoffish , but their accounts also paint a contradictory image of the marketing professor who would occasionally walk the halls of UGA 's business college barefoot . Some faculty members were quick to defend Zinkhan , but reluctant to do so on record . One said he felt it was a university matter . Another was reluctant to be on record defending an accused mass killer . "  He 's being painted as an ogre , which does n't fit , " said the former . Two faculty members said Zinkhan was introverted but friendly . He was close to some colleagues . He remembered their birthdays and was generous with gifts at Christmas . His quirky behavior was generally overlooked because of his brilliance , a colleague said . One fellow professor went so far as to call him a genius , and not just with marketing , either . Zinkhan apparently was well-versed in a wide range of topics -- art , opera , architecture -- and he loved sports . Faculty members recalled that the strapping 6-foot-2 Zinkhan played on the intramural softball team with some of his graduate students , and he liked to boast of his home runs . He also loved his son , 8 , and daughter , 10 , and regularly brought them to work . Neighbors said they saw him outside playing soccer with the kids on a miniature goal that still sat in the yard this week . A basketball goal with a rim a foot or two below regulation stood over the Zinkhans ' driveway , and a miniature yellow house sat dormant in his wooded backyard . A neighbor who asked not to be named said the cedar front door on the house Tuesday was new . A SWAT team had burst through the old front door shortly after Zinkhan allegedly shot Bruce ; attorney Tom Tanner , 40 ; and Ben Teague , 63 . Bruce was the president of the board of the Town and Gown Players , a theater group holding a reunion picnic on the theater 's deck when the shooting took place . Tanner and Teague were identified as set designers for the theater . Covington saw Zinkhan shortly after the April 25 slayings . He was grilling bratwursts for lunch when Zinkhan rang the doorbell . "  He asked if I 'd mind watching the kids because there 'd been an emergency , " Covington said . Covington agreed . He thought it was strange when Zinkhan immediately sprinted out of the garage , but did n't pay it much attention because Zinkhan said he had an emergency . The children , Covington said , seemed oblivious that their mother had just been slain . It was less than an hour later , when Covington 's wife noticed two police officers with shotguns behind the hedges in a nearby yard , that Covington learned his neighbor was accused of a triple killing . The police told Covington they were looking for Zinkhan in connection with the shootings . "  I was incredulous , " he said . Covington 's daughter , who had baby-sat for the Zinkhans , drew a floor plan of the Zinkhan home for police and told them where the spare key was hidden . Covington allowed police to use his home in their stakeout and summoned Zinkhan 's daughter to see whether she knew anything about what had happened . It was clear the girl had n't seen the slayings , but one of her remarks was chilling , Covington said . Asked what her father 's emergency involved , she replied , "  Something about a firecracker . " Though many expressed astonishment that Zinkhan was linked to the slayings , some UGA faculty members said they suspected Zinkhan was having problems at home before police confirmed it this week . He lost an estimated 50 pounds in the two months before the shootings , they said . To others , the signs of problems were more obvious . Professor Barbara Carroll , who had once worked under Zinkhan , wrote an e-mail to her colleagues at the business school saying she went into protective custody after police found a map to her house in Zinkhan 's vehicle . In the e-mail , she said she had told previous department heads , deans and provosts "  that George Zinkhan was dangerous . " "  Many people in this college and this department have known about Zinkhan 's ` troubled past ' and did nothing about it . Those people also bear responsibility here , " she wrote . Carroll did not return phone messages or open her door for reporters Tuesday . However , one of Zinkhan 's former students said he and his classmates also thought Zinkhan was more than just odd . David Sackin , 43 , was a graduate student and took classes with Zinkhan in 1996 and 1997 . Zinkhan 's lectures were delivered in monotone , his teaching style was dry and he did n't seem to care what was happening in the classroom , Sackin said . When students convened outside the classroom , they surmised that something darker than a lack of enthusiasm drove Zinkhan 's behavior , he said . "  If anyone asked any of my classmates if there was one professor who 'd go on a rampage , who would it be ? They 'd unanimously say Zinkhan , " Sackin said . "  He was strange , definitely . " In her e-mail , Carroll told colleagues they may never know the whole story . Indeed , police have said only that one of the victims , Tanner , "  appeared to be a specific target in the shootings and was shot first . " The prospect of learning specifics about what could have propelled a painfully private introvert to homicide probably died in a shallow grave behind a Bogart elementary school . CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Son from previous marriage claims University of Georgia professor 's body Acquaintances , colleagues remember George Zinkhan as eccentric , aloof Neighbor : Children unaware of mother 's slaying ; daughter mentioned "  firecracker " Student , colleague both thought Zinkhan may be dangerous before triple killing
Monaco  CNN  -- A day after tying the knot in a civil ceremony , Monaco 's ruler and his South African bride reaffirmed their union Saturday in a religious ceremony at the prince 's palace . The event kicked off the second day of festivities in the small seaside nation of 33,000 , where a holiday has been declared to celebrate the wedding of Charlene Wittstock , a former Olympic swimmer , and Prince Albert . The 3,500 guests -- which include 20 heads of state , fellow royals and a number of moguls and celebrities -- began to arrive hours earlier Saturday afternoon at the palace , the same place where one day earlier the couple 's civil ceremony had taken place . They walked through Palace Square into the courtyard , passing hundreds of onlookers who followed the nuptials on a pair of giant screens . The last one to stroll the carpet , just before 5 p.m. , was Wittstock herself . Her white wedding gown was designed by Giorgio Armani , according to the fashion designer 's Facebook page . Archbishop Bernard Barsi conducted the Roman Catholic ceremony under partly cloudy skies , with temperatures forecast to be around 80 degrees Fahrenheit . "  We ask God to bless you , to make your love strong and keep you in unity and loyalty , " the archbishop said . In matching vows , the couple promised to remain loyal to one another in sickness and in health , and then slipped wedding rings on each other 's fingers . Once the ceremony ended , the new princess left to leave her bouquet at the Sainte Devote church -- a Monaco tradition -- and join her new husband for a public procession through the city streets . This will be followed by an official dinner crafted by celebrity chef Alain Ducasse and fireworks outside the Opera de Monte Carlo . The event has galvanized the attention of thousands around the world , whose fascination with Monaco 's royalty blossomed with the April 1956 wedding of Prince Ranier III and Hollywood movie star Grace Kelly . Albert , 53 , is that couple 's only son , and they also had two daughters in Princesses Caroline and Stephanie . Prince Albert formally became Monaco 's head of state following his father 's death in 2005 . While he has publicly acknowledged he has fathered two children , this is his first marriage . Also an Olympian , having competed in bobsled competitions in five Olympic Winter Games -- from Calgary in 1988 to Salt Lake City in 2002 -- the prince met Wittstock at a swimming event in Monaco in 2000 . That summer , the 33-year-old woman swam for South Africa in the 2000 Sydney Olympics . The couple announced their engagement last summer . The couple 's marriage became legal Friday , with a short civil ceremony at the palace . Afterwards , the couple and their guests feasted at a picnic and took in musical concert featuring Jean Michel Jarre . The guest list for the two-day extravaganza includes heads of state , like French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Sweden 's King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silivia , and members of the rich and famous such as British model Naomi Campbell , British business mogul Richard Branson and Armani . However , the United Kingdom 's royal newlyweds -- Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge -- missed the wedding as they are on an official tour of Canada .	NEW : The religious ceremony is held in the courtyard of the prince 's palace NEW : The bride 's wedding dress is designed by Giorgio Armani , design house says Prince Albert and his bride Charlene Wittstock also have dinner and fireworks planned They had a civil ceremony Friday at the palace , followed by a picnic and musical concert
Vrindavan , India  CNN  -- In the picturesque temple town of Vrindavan , 10-year-old Maya and her three siblings walk to school every day on an empty stomach . She says her parents ca n't afford to feed them adequate meals ; they eat bread and milk for dinner and nothing for breakfast . As the eldest child , she often has to skip class to help her parents harvest wheat . Maya says her parents believe this is a more efficient use of her time , but she has another good reason for attending school -- more food . "  At school we get the most amount of food . At home we do n't get this much . At home my mother tells us to only eat a little bit so there 's enough for everyone , " she says . Following a landmark decision by the Supreme Court in 2001 , all government schools in India are mandated to provide free meals to students below the age of 13 . In a country where more than 40 % of children below the age of five are underweight , according to UNICEF , India 's midday meal scheme is making great strides . The Akshaya Patra Foundation is working with the government to feed 1.4 million underprivileged children every day . They began in 2000 , feeding a few thousand school children in several schools in the southern city of Bangalore . But in the space of a decade , they say they 've served more than a billion meals across the country . Akshaya Patra 's Vice Chairman , Chanchalapathi Dasa , says the benefits are manifold . Enrollment in schools has increased by roughly 20 % , attendance has improved , children are healthier and their cognitive abilities have also increased . "  If a child is hungry in the classroom then he or she will not be able to receive all this education , " says Dasa . But preparing food for so many takes more than an ordinary kitchen . You could call it a culinary revolution . In what looks like a factory for food , fresh meals are being mass-produced for millions of children . Custom-made cauldrons can prepare rice for 1,000 kids in 15 minutes . A printing press-like machine can make an impressive 40,000 Indian flatbreads or chapattis in an hour . "  India is a place of numbers . If you 're doing something to provide meals for 1,000 or even 5,000 children , you are merely scratching the surface , " adds Dasa . "  From the beginning we at Akhshay Patra realized that in order to see a significant impact we have to do it in scale and that we have to use modern techniques of management and innovation . " They call it a three tier gravity flow kitchen . Tons of raw ingredients like rice , lentils and vegetables are taken to the top floor where they 're cleaned , peeled , cut and sent down chutes into waiting cauldrons below . There , steam generated by furnaces cooks the food . The cooked meals are then thrown down chutes to another level where the meals are packaged . By 8 a.m. meals are ready to be delivered in special vehicles designed to keep the food warm . But while the food production process is efficient , it is also considered . "  We want to treat these children with dignity . We do n't say ` you are poor children and whatever we give you , you must eat that , ' no . We adapt our cooking methods , our menus , recipes to meet the local children 's requirements , " says Dasa . "  You see , in India every 300 miles you come across a different culture , a different language , a different kind of food habit , so at Akshaya Patra we are sensitive to local cultural requirements and tastes . " While there are several school feeding programs that distribute rations of wheat and rice , cooked meal programs are rare . This is one of the most successful assistance programs yet -- nourishing food for millions of children and food for thought in the fight against poverty .	UNICEF : More than 40 % of Indian children below the age of five under weight Government schools instructed to give free meals to children under 13 Akshaya Patra Foundation working with government to feed 1.4 million kids Foundation produces millions of fresh meals at its three-tier gravity flow kitchen
London  CNN  -- Hugh Grant took aim at the British press Monday , calling the hacking of a murdered schoolgirl 's voice mail "  cowardly and shocking . " The British actor also accused newspapers of using criminals as paparazzi and the Mail on Sunday of hacking into his voice mail . The "  Four Weddings and a Funeral " star was testifying before a government-backed inquiry into press ethics sparked by public outrage at Rupert Murdoch 's News of the World newspaper . The best-selling Sunday tabloid was shut down in July after the revelation that it had hacked into the voice mail of the murdered schoolgirl , Milly Dowler . Dowler 's mother , Sally , explained earlier Monday how the hacking had given her false hope that her missing daughter was still alive . She described her joy at finding voice mails had been deleted from her missing daughter 's phone : "  She 's checked her voice mail , Bob ! She 's alive ! " In fact , the messages had been deleted by a private investigator working for News of the World , Dowler 's father , Bob , told the inquiry panel . Sally Dowler 's face fell as she recalled finding out it was the hacker , not her daughter , who had been checking the voice mail . Grant said he thought he had also been a victim of phone hacking . He said he could not think of any other source for a Mail on Sunday story about his relationship with his then-girlfriend Jemima Khan being on the rocks because of his phone flirtation with a "  plummy-voiced Englishwoman . " That story was later found false and libelous in court . Grant 's accusation widens the scope of the British newspaper phone-hacking scandal , which has focused mostly on Murdoch-owned titles so far . The Mail on Sunday is not a Murdoch newspaper . Grant also implied that the police were leaking stories about celebrities to the press , saying that when he called the police about his girlfriend being mugged , paparazzi showed up before the police . Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people , including celebrities , crime victims , politicians and members of the royal family , were targets of phone hacking by journalists in search of stories . The practice involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely . Most attention has focused on the now-defunct News of the World , once the flagship Sunday tabloid of Murdoch 's News International British publishing company . Murdoch and his son James have been called to testify before parliament over the scandal , and their company agreed last month to pay 2 million pounds  $ 3.1 million  in compensation to the Dowler family . Rupert Murdoch personally donated 1 million pounds  $ 1.57 million  to charity as part of the deal , his company and the Dowlers announced last month . More than two dozen News International employees used the services of a convicted phone hacker , the inquiry panel heard last week . "  This fact alone suggests wide-ranging , illegal activity within the organization at the relevant time , " Robert Jay , one of the lawyers serving as part of the Leveson Inquiry , said as the panel began hearing testimony . James Murdoch has always insisted that the practice of phone hacking was not widespread . But Jay said November 14 that private investigator Glenn Mulcaire 's notebooks contained the names of at least 28 people who employed him on 2,266 occasions . Four individuals -- whom Jay did not name -- were responsible for almost all the Mulcaire commissions , Jay said . But the sheer number of names in Mulcaire 's files means the one News of the World journalist jailed over phone hacking , Clive Goodman , "  was not a rogue reporter , " Jay said . Mulcaire and Goodman went to prison in 2007 after admitting hacking into royal family staff messages . CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Grant calls the hacking of a murdered girl 's phone "  cowardly and shocking " Milly Dowler 's mother describes how phone hacking gave her false hope Journalists hacked Milly Dowler 's phone before her body was discovered Police say up to 5,800 people were targets of phone hacking
CNN  -- Five-time winners Brazil opened their World Cup campaign with a nervy 2-1 victory over a spirited North Korea in Johannesburg after the Ivory Coast and Portugal had played out a 0-0 draw in Tuesday 's other Group G match . In a contest between the tournament 's highest and lowest ranked teams , Brazil were unable to break down the Asian side in a goalless first half , but defender Maicon settled their nerves with a ferocious strike from a tight angle . Elano 's crisp finish from a defense-splitting Robinho pass gave the South Americans a 2-0 lead but Ji Yun-nam fired past Julio Cesar to give North Korea a deserved consolation goal . Earlier in Port Elizabeth , Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo struck the post with a 30-yard drive in the first-half of a cagey match , before Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba -- playing 11 days after breaking his elbow -- wasted an opportunity to win the game when he dragged his shot wide in stoppage-time . Inside North Korea 's World Cup squad Brazil 2-1 North Korea Brazil , seeking a record-extending sixth title , were expected to win with ease against a side making their first appearance in the tournament since 1966 , but the North Koreans made life difficult for their illustrious opponents . The first half was a story of resolute defending by the Asians in the face of wave after wave of Brazil attacks . Brazil struggled to get behind the Korean defense and most of their shots came from outside the area with both Elano and Robinho wayward with early efforts . On the few occasions that Brazilian players did make it to the byline , their crosses were blocked by committed and skilful pieces of defending . The second period started in similar fashion , with Robinho and Michel Bastos both missing from range before the opening goal finally arrived in the 55th minute . Kaka picked out the overlapping run of Maicon and the right-back slashed a swerving shot inside the goalkeeper 's near post . Brazil 's second goal owed everything to a perfectly measured pass through the defense by Robinho to his former Manchester City teammate Elano , who produced a crisp side-footed finish into the far corner . Dunga 's men were given a late scare when North Korea crafted a fine goal . A long ball was headed into the path of Ji Yun-nam , who raced into the area and lashed a shot past Julio Cesar . "  I believe the first match is always trying , there was a lot of nervousness , and anxiety , " Brazil coach Dunga told AFP . "  We all want to score and not concede any goals . I am not entirely happy with the result , we were n't passing as quickly as I would have liked . But the spirit of these players is strong and they are willing to learn . " North Korea coach Kim Jong Hun was proud of his players and saw reason for encouragement ahead of their remaining games against Portugal and Ivory Coast . "  We managed to fend them off whether they were attacking down the wings or through the middle , " he said . "  We did n't win , but we have picked up some confidence and I think we will do well in the next two games . " New Zealand snatch historic first World Cup point Ivory Coast 0-0 Portugal One of the most eagerly-anticipated games of the tournament featured little goalmouth action , with the exception of a moment of magic from the world 's most expensive player . After 10 minutes , Ronaldo , who has not scored for his country in 16 months , made space for himself with a sharp turn and curled a right-footed shot from 25 yards which had goalkeeper Boubacar Barry well-beaten but cannoned back off the post . It was the only noteworthy moment of an otherwise dull first half , which featured plenty of probing from both sides but very little goalmouth incident . Ronaldo was shown a yellow card after 20 minutes when he failed to win a free-kick and was involved in a spat with Ivory Coast defender Guy Demel , who was also booked . The Africans saw plenty of the ball but did not create their first real opening until a minute after halftime when the lively Gervinho raced down the left and fired a powerful shot , which Eduardo tipped around the post . With the game starting to open up , Ivory Coast winger Salomon Kalou found space in the area but fired his shot straight at Eduardo before Liedson 's header from Deco 's cross at the other end was easily held by Barry . Drogba entered the fray after 65 minutes but saw little of the ball until the 92nd minute when Abdelkader Keita slid him clear , only for the striker to screw his shot wastefully across the face of goal .	Five-time champions Brazil beat a stubborn North Korea 2-1 at Ellis Park , Johannesburg Maicon and Elano score for Brazil before Ji Yun-nam grabbed a late reply for Korea Ivory Coast and Portugal draw 0-0 in Group G opening match in Port Elizabeth Ronaldo strikes the post for Portugal and Drogba missed late chance for Africans
Centennial , Colorado  CNN  -- McKayla Hicks sat in the courtroom Monday and stared at the man accused of a shooting spree that left her with a bullet in her jaw , killed a dozen people , and traumatized a community . "  I saw him and he 's just this freak lookin ' dude with some orange hair , " the 17-year-old high school student said , calling suspect James Holmes "  pathetic looking . " "  You could feel in the room all the anger that everyone had for him , " she said . "  Everyone in America hates this guy . " She wants him to get the death penalty . "  He tried to kill people , " Hicks said . "  So I think he needs to be killed . " Hicks was in the theater next door to the one in which a gunman opened fire at a midnight showing of the new Batman movie on Friday in Aurora . Why did suspect avoid social media ? One of the bullets -- she thinks it was early in the shooting spree -- pierced the wall and entered the theater she was in , slashing through her mouth and becoming lodged in her jaw . It will stay there forever , in the lower left part of her jaw . Doctors tell her that removing it would cause too much nerve damage . "  I like the idea . I think it 's cool that I have a bullet in my chin , " she said with a smile , calling it "  a souvenir . " She considers herself lucky to be alive , and not injured worse . Lori Schafer helped save her that night , and was in court with her Monday . "  It made it hit home , " she said . "  It was n't just a picture on the TV anymore . " "  I just want him to be where he 's never going to be able to hurt someone again . " Opinion : Mass murder and powerful guns Hicks said that when she was shot , she did n't know what had happened . She started bleeding , but "  thought someone had thrown something at me . And when I got up to leave the theater everyone else was still sitting down . So I was really upset , like , ` Who 's personally doing this to me ? ' " "  Then we saw the victims from Theater Nine -- and I realized it was n't just me . " Schafer , who will begin college in the fall , helped her out of the building , pulled a fire alarm , called 911 , and helped get Hicks seated outside on a curb . It was only then that she touched her face and realized there was a bullet in her . "  It changed me as a person , " she said , adding , "  I just do n't take people for granted -- especially the ones that save your life . " "  Being in a real life-or-death situation , " she said , helped her realize that "  the little things do n't matter . It shows you what really does matter . "	Shooting victim McKayla Hicks went to hearing for accused killer James Holmes She said she could feel "  all the anger that everyone had for " Holmes The incident has changed her , said Hicks A bullet lodged in Hicks ' jaw -- doctors said it is safer to leave it there
CNN  -- Alex Ferguson achieved it on his Old Trafford debut but David Moyes has had to wait a little longer . After a mixed start to the Premier League season  win/draw/loss  and a vaguely farcical conclusion to the transfer window , United 's new boss can now quietly rejoice after his first home win . A win was always on the cards . Their opponents -- Premier League new boys Crystal Palace -- last won a league fixture at the "  Theatre of Dreams " way back in 1989 . And United had n't lost to a newly-promoted side on home soil for 12 years . The first of United 's two goals came courtesy of a controversial penalty awarded on the stroke of half time when Kagisho Dikgacoi was adjudged to have brought down Ashley Young . The South African midfielder was giving his marching orders by the referee before Robin van Persie calmly converted the spot kick . Read more : Bale scores on Real Madrid debut Ten-men Palace did well to deny United more goals for most of the second half , but a decisive second eventually came courtesy of a Wayne Rooney free-kick nine minutes from the end . The English striker , who returned to action after gashing his forehead in training late last month , fired home from 25 yards to ensure all three points for Moyes ' team . Read more : Eto'o : ` It 's not about the money ' "  Like any manager , to win a game , there 's always an element of relief . I 'm pleased to get the first win out of the way , " Moyes said . "  I think if we had lost I do n't think I 'd have been talking to much about it , but we won today ... " The victory comes ahead of a vital week for the new manager . Moyes takes charge of United in the Champions League for the first time on Tuesday against Bayer Leverkusen before traveling across town to play Manchester City the following Sunday . Manuel Pellegrini 's City side , who have also made a stuttering start to the season , dropped points against Stoke City on Saturday playing out a goalless draw at the Britannia Stadium . Mourinho blues Jose Mourinho tasted league defeat for the first time since returning to Stamford Bridge in the summer as Everton recorded a famous 1-0 win over the Blues at Goodison Park . Steven Naismith headed in from close range moments before halftime to give the Toffees the lead which they held despite a second-half onslaught from a Chelsea side that included new signing Samuel Eto'o . Roberto Martinez 's first league win as Everton manager lifts the Merseysiders up to ninth in the table while Chelsea drop to sixth . Elsewhere , Mesut Ozil made his first appearance for Arsenal since moving from Real Madrid for Â # 42.2 million  $ 67 million  . The German international helped the Gunners to a 3-1 win against Sunderland at the Stadium of Light . Olivier Giroud opened the scoring in the 11th minute before a Craig Gardner penalty put the home side level three minutes after the break . But two goals in ten minutes from Aaron Ramsey saw Arsene Wenger 's side seal their third league win on the trot . Tottenham Hotspur were also comfortable winners on Saturday beating Norwich City 2-0 at White Hart Lane . Gylfi Sigurdsson gave Spurs fans something to cheer about in the post-Bale era . The Icelandic international scored in each half to give Andre Villas Boas his third win in four league matches . Newcastle United recorded a second consecutive win with a 2-1 away to Aston Villa while the games between Hull City and Cardiff City and Fulham and West Bromwich Albion both ended in 1-1 draws . Southampton entertain West Ham United on Sunday . Liverpool will look to maintain their 100 % record when they travel to Swansea on Monday evening .	David Moyes secures first home win as Man Utd beat Crystal Palace 2-0 Mesut Ozil makes debut for Arsenal against Sunderland Two second-half goals from Aaron Ramsey help Gunners to a 3-1 win Jose Mourinho 's Chelsea slump to 1-0 defeat against Everton
President Barack Obama on Monday reminisced of better times with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , his onetime hug-buddy turned Republican antagonist as the governor has turned his focus to an expected presidential bid . The governor greeted Obama on the tarmac as he emerged from Air Force One for a visit to the state to speak to troops at New Jersey 's Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst . There , Obama recounted to the press his visit to the Jersey Shore with Christie last year to survey the Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts there . "  Christie and I went down to Asbury Park , spent some time on the boardwalk . We played a little Frog Bog . Chris ' kids taught me how to hit the hammer to get those little frogs into the buckets , " Obama recalled . He admitted : "  It was hard . " "  And then Christie beat me at football toss , which really aggravated me , " Obama said , remembering that Christie "  bragged " about his win afterwards . "  Which is okay , but I will get a rematch at some point , " Obama promised . Christie has previously complimented Obama and drew criticism from Republicans after he was photographed in a sideways embrace with the president when he visited the state to survey the damage done by Hurricane Sandy in 2012 . The warm relationship between the two has been called a "  bromance " in the media . The governor is considered one of a handful of likely Republican presidential contenders , and routinely polls in the top four or five in the potential GOP field . And in recent years , Christie has become more critical of Obama . In September , Christie charged the President had "  underestimated what had been taking place in Syria " and saying he was "  disturbed " by how the president had handled the growing threat from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . On Monday , however , Obama touted the U.S. offensive against ISIS , declaring it has "  blunted their momentum and put them on the defensive . " RELATED : Obama says U.S. ` hammering ' ISIS in speech to troops	President Barack Obama and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie once had a warm relationship Obama recounted their time playing games on the boardwalk The two are now less friendly , with Christie moving towards a likely presidential run
CNN  -- Superstorm Sandy has caused more damage , death and homelessness in New York and New Jersey than any climate-related event in living memory . Yet with two damaging hurricanes two years in a row , and with what science is telling us , this does not feel like a once-in-a-lifetime event . It feels like a trend . With what we know about rising sea level and what we understand about the rate of world warming and how tropical storms pull their strength from the temperature of the ocean , Sandy feels like a very harshly spoken word to the wise . And so the answer to the question "  What should we do next ? " may be difficult , with truly profound implications . I think we really have only two viable long-term building options : 1  Barricade . 2  Retreat . Rebuilding is not a viable option . And what would we barricade ? The whole Long Island to southern New Jersey area ? Boston to Washington ? The East Coast ? Opinion : What 's next after Superstorm Sandy ? The Netherlands relies on dikes to keep out the sea . There are gates in England to close rivers to storm surges of the kind that last week blew open my friend 's garage door on 22nd Street east of 11th Avenue in New York City , suddenly washing him to the back of his studio , submerging him briefly , floating tons of his art-making tools and ruining decades of drawings and the tools of his trade . Others fared worse , of course . One of my neighbors nearly drowned trying to walk from her home to higher ground half a mile away ; two unknown heroes in survival suits wading in waist-high water appeared at the height of the storm and pulled her and her swimming dogs into a canoe and walked them to safety . Her house remains habitable , unlike many others along the coast of Long Island , New York and New Jersey . Map : See images of destruction , recovery across the East Coast By flooding areas that few suspected were within the reach of seawater , Sandy told us that the "  coast " is a wider ribbon than we thought it was last week . So for the hard questions : Should people rebuild ? Should the whole country pay for it ? I certainly love shoreside living . I love walking the beach in the morning with my dogs . I love my boat and the people at Montauk 's Westlake Marina where I keep it . I love many facets of the always dynamic water borderlands , the birds and fishes , the turtles and dolphins and other creatures who , in their seasons , draw tight to our coastline . There is magic . And part of that magic is its timelessness . And part of the timelessness is that as the coast changes , the coast is what remains . And yet it moves . I have federal flood insurance , thank you . But really , it 's time you considered cutting me off . I am not against people taking their chances along the shore . Risk is part of what draws us . But the risk should be ours to take and bear if we want to . Federal flood insurance is a counterproductive way for the rest of the country to subsidize people -- putting billions of dollars and millions of lives at continuous risk , encouraging wholly inappropriate development . And it encourages larger , more expensive homes  often second homes  than fewer people would build if their insurance premiums reflected real risk . In fact , few private insurers will touch most of these places . Let us think twice , fully comprehend that the stakes are ours alone , and then let those of us willing to risk it take our chances . The government should at this time help victims get their lives back on track . But no federal dollars should magically appear for rebuilding in flood-prone areas . The spots that flood will take repeated hits . Everyone knows this . To help people rebuild in those places is to help put lives and investment in harm 's way . It 's foolish . Where I live , the houses that stayed dry are the ones just high enough to let water flow around into the extensive , protected wetlands . The houses that flooded stand where water goes on its way to wetlands . Eatocracy : Volunteers dish up support after Sandy Wetlands are wet for a reason . We would be wise to rebuild in ways that let water flow around dwellings into restored wetlands . Then , two things would start happening : One : Wetlands , recovered oyster reefs , fish nurseries and wildlife would all be part of a revitalized coastal protection strategy that simultaneously includes recovery of valuable living resources . Two : The taxpaying public could begin to regain access to the coast for recreation , access too often denied by private development that is largely enabled by taxpayer-funded federal flood insurance . Eliminating taxpayer-funded flood insurance to people now insured in low , flood-prone areas  including where I live  can be done compassionately , honoring existing insured persons with funding in the aftermath of this wreckage . But importantly , insurance that would up to now go for rebuilding should be redirected toward relocation and resettlement . That is easier said ; for many , relocation would be wrenching . But losing your home or your life can be wrenching , too . Insurance for new building in flood-prone areas should be ended . People who really want to take their chances should do just that , or pay real commercial insurance premiums if they can find a willing insurer . Eventually even Lloyd 's of London will likely decide it 's had enough . Insurers must be realistic about risk in ways politicians do n't have to be . Will we choose a wiser course that recognizes that we 're still in the path of the next big storm ? I would n't bet on it . The nonviable option -- to keep rebuilding all the time -- is what people will likely choose . From a decision-making viewpoint , it 's easier to make no decision . But the frequency of big storms appears likely to increase in the Northeast . It 's not a time for easy decisions , because we wo n't be faced with easy events . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Safina .	Safina : New York , New Jersey has been hit with two hurricanes in two years He says the two choices are to barricade the coast or retreat Safina : Rebuilding with federally subsidized insurance puts lives , investments in danger
CNN  -- Penn State students and supporters of head football coach Joe Paterno rallied Tuesday evening outside his home amid growing calls for him to resign related to his response to child sex abuse allegations brought against a former assistant . The crowd in State College , mostly young people , greeted and cheered Paterno hours after his weekly news conference was canceled . Speaking outside and from a window at his residence , the 84-year-old Nittany Lions legend said he was praying for victims in the case . Paterno , a longtime coach with a largely spotless record , is under pressure because of his response to allegations brought to him in 2002 by a graduate assistant who said he had seen retired defensive coordinator Jerry Sandusky sexually assaulting a young boy in the shower at the campus football complex . Paterno reported the allegations to his boss , and Pennsylvania 's attorney general said it appeared that the coach had met his obligations under state law . Still , some critics have said that he should have reported the suspected abuse to police . "  We do n't yet know who is legally guilty , " SI.com columnist Michael Rosenberg wrote on the website . "  But several prominent employees at the state university are morally guilty . And one of them is Joe Paterno . " On Tuesday , Paterno 's son , Scott Paterno , said on Twitter that reports in the New York Times , citing people briefed on the matter , that university officials were planning an end to Paterno 's 46-year coaching tenure were "  premature . " "  No discussions about retirement with JVP , " Paterno said , using his father 's initials . He said the decision to cancel the news conference was not his father 's . "  Due to the ongoing legal circumstances centered around the recent allegations and charges , we have determined that today 's press conference can not be held and will not be rescheduled , " the university said in a statement . Joe Paterno said Tuesday afternoon that he hopes to hold another news conference soon . "  I know you guys have a lot of good questions , and I 'd like to answer them , but I ca n't do it now , " Paterno said after practice . A preliminary hearing for Sandusky , originally set for Wednesday , has been rescheduled for December 7 , officials said Tuesday afternoon . Sandusky 's attorney has said more time was needed to bring in witnesses . On Sunday , Penn State announced that two university officials accused by state authorities of failing to report suspected abuse had stepped down , one of them returning to retirement and the other taking administrative leave . Attorney General Linda Kelly said Monday that the alleged failure of Penn State Athletic Director Timothy Curley , 57 , and Gary Schultz , 62 , the university 's senior vice president for finance and business , to report abuse claims "  likely allowed a child predator to continue to victimize children for many , many years . " Curley and Schultz , who are each charged with one count of perjury and one count of failure to report suspected abuse , were released Monday on $ 75,000 bail each . At the arraignment hearing , their attorneys said the men were innocent of the charges and would fight to clear their names . Sandusky is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " charges involving eight boys , most or all of whom he met through the Second Mile , the charity he founded to help troubled youth , according to prosecutors . Sandusky 's involvement with the group provided him with "  access to hundreds of boys , many of whom were vulnerable due to their social situations , " the grand jury said . The former coach is said to have engaged in fondling , oral sex and anal sex with young boys over at least 15 years , according to the investigative grand jury 's summary of testimony . A source with direct knowledge of the investigation confirmed to CNN 's Jason Carroll that a man walked into a Montoursville , Pennsylvania , state police station and claimed he was victimized by Sandusky . Interviews with the man will determine whether he 's a ninth victim , the source said . Sandusky , who served 23 years as defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions football team before retiring in 1999 , is free on $ 100,000 bail . His attorney , Joseph Amendola , has not returned a message from CNN seeking comment . Overheard on CNN.com about Joe Paterno The grand jury investigation that led to the charges began with the claims of one alleged victim who said Sandusky had "  indecently assaulted " him and engaged in sex acts while he was a guest at the coach 's home , according to the attorney general . The victim met Sandusky through the Second Mile , and Sandusky allegedly used expensive gifts such as trips to professional and college games , golf clubs , a computer and money , Kelly said . The relationship , which began in 2005 and lasted into 2008 , included overnight stays at Sandusky 's home , where touching led to sexual acts , according to Kelly and grand jury testimony . However , the most explosive charges in the grand jury report involve a 2002 incident in which a graduate student reported seeing Sandusky in the shower performing anal sex on a young boy , according to the grand jury and prosecutors . "  One of the most compelling and disturbing pieces of testimony in this investigation came from an eyewitness to a late-night sexual assault that allegedly occurred in March of 2002 , in the locker room of the Lasch Football Building on the University Park Campus , " Kelly said . "  Hearing what sounded like sexual activity in the showers of a building that was supposed to be empty , a graduate assistant reportedly observed Sandusky sexually assaulting a naked boy who appeared to be about 10 years old . " The assistant reported the incident to Paterno , who in turn alerted Curley . Paterno said in his statement that he had done his duty in informing Curley . "  It was obvious that the witness was distraught over what he saw , but he at no time related to me the very specific actions contained in the grand jury report . Regardless , it was clear that the witness saw something inappropriate involving Mr. Sandusky . As Coach Sandusky was retired from our coaching staff at that time , I referred the matter to university administrators , " Paterno said . But instead of reporting the incident to authorities , Curley and Schultz took Sandusky 's locker room keys and banned him from having children from Second Mile visit the football building , Kelly said . In his statement , Paterno called the charges "  shocking . " "  While I did what I was supposed to with the one charge brought to my attention , like anyone else involved , I ca n't help but be deeply saddened these matters are alleged to have occurred , " he said in the statement . Prosecutors have not ruled out the possibility of additional charges or victims in the case . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Kiran Khalid contributed to this report .	NEW : Paterno says he is praying for victims Reports of Paterno 's retirement "  premature , " son says on Twitter Sandusky 's preliminary hearing rescheduled to December 7 Two other university officials are charged with failing to report abuse
Washington  CNN  -- After four years in which he has alternately helped -- and miffed -- the White House , Vice President Joe Biden told CNN that his role as the deal-closer is clearly his most comfortable yet . "  I have spent a lot of time in this town . And I have personal relationships with people I strongly disagree with , but there 's trust . And so I 'm a logical person , a logical person to , as they say or you guys say , close the deal , " Biden told CNN Chief Political Analyst Gloria Borger in an exclusive pre-inaugural interview . Biden cut the last-minute deal last month with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell that averted going over the fiscal cliff -- after President Barack Obama 's negotiations with House Speaker John Boehner failed . He was given the high-profile task of putting together the administration 's sweeping gun control proposals and will play a major role in pushing them through Congress . He is quick to emphasize that he was not undercutting the president when he reached deals with congressional Republicans . "  I have his complete support for what I 'm saying , because I know what he wants , No. 1 , " Biden said . "  It 's the president , not me . " Sworn in again , Obama lingers for last look Obama and the vice president ran against each other for the 2008 Democratic nomination , and Biden said that helped forge a relationship . "  So when we got into this deal , we did n't have what other administrations have had , where the vice president and the president have a different take on the major issues of the day . We 're totally simpatico , " Biden said . He told Borger that he never had any problem with any assignment he was given in the first term , when he was tasked with overseeing the $ 787 billion stimulus program , cutting several key fiscal deals with congressional Republicans once they took control of the House of Representatives in the mid-terms and leading the effort to end the U.S. military presence in Iraq . Biden makes second term official In the second term , one of his major duties will be to help get congressional approval for the most far-reaching gun control legislation in decades . After dozens of meetings with more than 120 groups spanning the various issues related to gun violence , he led the inter-agency effort that came up with the specific proposals . Biden and Obama know they will have to mount a major public relations campaign to try to overcome the strength and opposition of the National Rifle Association . "  There 's a growing consensus in this country , a growing consensus among even sportsmen and other groups , about everything from who should own a weapon ... and what information should be available , " he told CNN , saying he believed it would be easier to pass this type of legislation in the wake of the elementary school shootings in Newtown , Connecticut . Biden , a major gun-control proponent who has gone up against the National Rifle Association for decades , was the major reason the 1994 assault weapons bill passed . A tale of two terms : Unfinished business and battles ahead Asked if he thought the NRA is stoking fear against the president , he responded , "  Look , I think the NRA 's reaction -- overreaction -- is a reflection of the vulnerability of their position . " Biden is also expected to be one of the key players in coming fiscal fights : automatic spending cuts set to take effect in a month , funding the government and the debt ceiling . House Republicans just signaled they would support a three month extension . The vice president said that is a hopeful sign that the GOP would not allow the country to default on its debts . "  The Republicans are n't going to do that . They 've finally figured it out . All this bluster about you 're going to renege on the debt , " he said . "  They will not because there are more responsible people in that party than irresponsible . So it 's not going to happen . " Biden said he hoped there is still a path forward to allow the White House and congressional leaders to reach agreement on a major deficit reduction deal -- one that has so far eluded them despite optimism in the past . Biden 's recommendations on gun control to Obama "  So we ought to be able to , in the next three months , finish out that grand bargain to get us to the point of ... where debt to GDP  gross domestic product  is about 3 % , " he said . "  Every economist , left , right and center , says that -- when that happens , the economy grows . I think we 'll get there . " As the president and vice president have worked to achieve many of the administration 's major goals , the two have had some disagreements -- Biden did not agree that the timing of the mission to kill Osama bin Laden was right , and the vice president got out in front of his boss when Biden voiced support for same-sex marriage on "  Meet the Press " last May . "  We sometimes disagreed on tactics as to how to proceed to try to get what he wanted done , which I 've agreed with , but we 've never disagreed on policy . And even the so-called discussion about , you know , my saying I was comfortable with gay and lesbians and relationships , I knew his positions , " Biden said . When Borger asked about those specific comments , he recounted how the president reacted . "  I walked into the office and he got up , smiled , gave me a big hug and he said , ` Now , I 'll tell you what , man , that 's one of the things I like about you , you say what 's on your mind , ' " the vice president recounted . He recently told The New York Times it did cause "  a little apoplexy " around the White House . "  It did , but not with him . Not with him . " It was with the president 's staff . Some of Biden 's candor has at times has not gone over well with White House officials . Obama 's second-term priorities Asked how he can tell when he may have done something the president does n't like or makes him angry , Biden said that is "  easy . " "  We made a deal early on , when either one of us are dissatisfied we just flat tell the other person . And so one -- lunch once a week , you know , that 's when we talk . And when he has n't liked something I 've done , he just flat tells me . " Borger asked : "  He says , ` Joe , you should n't have done that ? ' " Biden responded "  He says , ` Joe , look ... I do n't agree with the way you did that . You , you know , why did you do A , B , C or D ? ' Or he will say , or I will say , ` Hey , look , man , I do n't like the way this is going ' -- so there 's complete openness . " Biden , who at times has been known more by the public for his gaffes than his policy work , has seen his approval ratings rise recently . He has hinted he may seek the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016 and told CNN any decision about his future is not imminent . He did attend Iowa 's inaugural party in Washington this weekend and invited New Hampshire 's governor to his official swearing-in Sunday . Those two states vote first in presidential nominating contests in three years . "  There 's a whole lot of reasons why I would n't run . I have n't made that decision . And I do n't have to make that decision for a while . In the meantime , there 's one thing I know I have to do , no matter what I do . I have to help this president move this country to the next stage . " Asked whether he was ready to run against Hillary Clinton , who many Democrats expect to be a candidate in 2016 , he responded : "  I have n't made that judgment . And Hillary has n't made that judgment . But I can tell you what -- everything that should be done over the next two years that I should be part of would have to be done whether I run or I do n't run . "  If this administration is successful , whoever is running as a Democrat is better positioned to win . If we 're not successful , whoever runs as the nominee is going to be less likely to win . " Four other priorities for Obama 's next four years CNN Producer Courtney Yager contributed to this report	Biden says he 's comfortable with most recent role as deal closer Vice president says running against Obama in 2008 helped forge relationship One of Obama 's biggest roles will be trying to get Obama 's guns agenda through Congress Some of Biden 's candor has n't gone over well with White House staff
EW.com  -- It 's season 17 and I for one am still feeling aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive ! Sort of . That 's a lot of i 's . The Dancing With the Stars cast wo n't be announced 'til Wednesday morning on Good Morning America  look for the complete list on EW.com 's Inside TV  , but of course the rumors are spinning faster than Val Chmerkovkiy 's sparkly bolero in a shirtless Argentine tango . ABC will not confirm any casting rumors , but as usual , TMZ has been busy reporting on them anyway . So who 's supposedly on board ? Valerie Harper would probably be the biggest story , as the star of Rhoda and The Mary Tyler Moore Show had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in January . Doctors say she may be nearing remission , but the idea of "  dancing for your life " would be a huge deal . I 'd trust DWTS to make her journey a celebration of life rather than a looming cloud of doom â $ " but when contestants regularly drop out due to injury and suffer near-breakdowns due to emotional exhaustion , you have to wonder ... is this wise ? I 'd personally be most excited to see former Saved by the Bell stars Leah Remini  The King of Queens  and Elizabeth Berkley reunite on network TV . I 've already started searching for evidence of dramatic struggles between Stacey Carosi and Jessie Spano , but you 'd be surprised how little footage there is on YouTube of the Malibu Sands summer .  No , you would n't .  Remini recently broke away from the Church of Scientology and should be eager to latch what will become a lifelong devotion to the Festivus of Fringe â $ " which lasts 24-7 and is year-round if you really want to commit and have the right mentality about it . I 've started coming up with a collection of Showgirls moves Elizabeth Berkley should do on Dancing With the Stars ... and I 'm wondering if that famous shot of her licking the stripper pole would work best for the rumba or the marathon mambo . It 's going really well so far . Also rumored for season 17 : Glee 's Amber Riley , NFL star Keyshawn Johnson , Christina Millian , Snooki , mother to us all , and a "  yogurt spokesperson " â $ " I 'm hoping John Stamos but maybe DWTS super fan  and former Jennifer Grey supporter  Jamie Lee Curtis a.k.a. Enthusiastic Activia Lady  EAL  is more likely ? Again , NONE of this is official . But what do you think , so far ? I honestly never put much stock in DWTS casting because surprise dance ability and the camaraderie established a few weeks down the line are what will ultimately keep people tuning in . Still , this cast is pretty great , right ? Remini vs. Berkley for the win ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Several names have surfaced as possible new "  DWTS " contestants Two big names are Valerie Harper and Leah Remini Also rumored are a "  Glee " star and a "  Jersey Shore " star
CNN  -- It was one of those oh-by-the-way moments -- an afterthought really . It was n't supposed to be a coming out party . Sure , the subject matter was serious , but in the end the mood was lighthearted . Lawmakers gathered in the Pennsylvania state capital in Harrisburg on Tuesday to propose a major change in the state 's hate crime law to extend protection to those who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender . Lawmakers made their pitch for getting the legislation to the governor 's desk by the end of the year . Then bill sponsor , Sen. Jim Ferlo of Pittsburgh , made his surprise announcement -- very casually . "  Hundreds of people know I 'm gay . I just never made an official declaration , " he said . "  I never felt I had to wear a billboard on my forehead . But I 'm gay . Get over it . I love it . It 's a great life . " The announcement capped a momentous day for the LGBT community . Earlier , charges were filed against three people in the recent beating of a gay couple in Philadelphia . All are charged with aggravated assault , simple assault , recklessly endangering another person and criminal conspiracy , CNN affiliate WPVI reported . They could not be charged with a hate crime for the same reason lawmakers held their news conference -- people who are lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender are not covered under Pennsylvania 's hate crime law . Kevin J. Harrigan , 26 , Kathryn G. Knott , 24 , and Phillip Williams , 24 , surrendered to police on Wednesday , according to WPVI . Later , Ferlo , who will be leaving the state Senate in November , said his remarks were n't planned . "  It was totally impromptu . I 've never denied it . I 've never felt the need to talk about it , " he told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review . In 2012 : Wisconsin 's Tammy Baldwin is first openly gay person elected to Senate	Senator 's coming out is more of an afterthought Sen. Jim Ferlo was announcing a proposed change to the state 's hate crime law "  I 'm gay . Get over it , " he says Three suspects in the beating of a gay couple have been charged
CNN  -- An alleged commander for the Taliban and affiliated Haqqani network appeared in a U.S. court Tuesday to face a host of charges -- from supporting terrorism to attempted murder of an American citizen -- tied to a 2009 attack in Afghanistan . Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin was in a federal court in Alexandria , Virginia , just outside of Washington , on Tuesday , less than a month after his indictment and on the same day that the charging document against him was released . His arraignment is scheduled for Friday , according to the Department of Justice . According to the indictment , Hamidullin is a Russian citizen who once served in that nation 's military as an officer and tank commander . He has been a follower of Mullah Omar , the head of the Taliban movement in Afghanistan , since 2001 . By 2009 , the document alleges , Hamidullin was fighting for the Taliban and the Haqqani network , an organization the United States has designated as a foreign terrorist network . He allegedly coordinated an attack on Camp Leyza , an Afghan Border Police compound in eastern Afghanistan 's Khost province , in November of that year . Directing a large arsenal of weapons -- including machine guns , grenades , a portable rocket , an anti-aircraft gun and a recoilless rifle , the latter two of which were aimed to fire upon U.S. military aircraft should they arrive on site -- Hamidullin led the attack and then personally fired on U.S. and Afghan forces with a machine gun , the indictment states . The document did not state the result of the attack , but said "  a large number of insurgents were killed . " The Justice Department stated that the U.S. military took Hamidullin into custody then . The Russian citizen , now about 55 years old , was turned over to the FBI on Monday . Charges he faces include conspiring to provide and providing material support for terrorists , conspiring and attempting to destroy a U.S. aircraft , as well as conspiring and attempting to kill a U.S. government employee -- in this case , members of the U.S. military . Under federal law , a person does n't have to have committed a crime in the United States for charges to be filed against them in U.S. courts . That 's because laws for things like supporting terrorists or trying to kill U.S. citizens or employees apply outside of American soil . In fact , many people have been brought back to the United States to be tried for attacks committed overseas . Still , it 's rare for such charges to come out of the ongoing hostilities in Afghanistan . "  This is very unusual , " said Yale Law School Professor Eugene Fidell . CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	A federal grand jury indicted Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin for 2009 attack on an Afghan base Hamidullin is a Russian citizen who allegedly fought for the Taliban and Haqqani network He faces 12 charges , including terror support and attempted murder of a U.S. citizen "  This is very unusual , " a legal expert says of the case
CNN  -- As President Obama 's second-term Cabinet starts to take shape , we can see some of the outlines of what the White House hopes to do in the next four years . The major theme is that Obama is prepared to defend his turf , tooth and nail . This is a Cabinet whose strength is defense rather than offense . Gone are the hopes of bipartisanship . Now it 's time to really engage the partisan battle . Obama wo n't be pushing for many watershed changes in the next four years , but he is not going to make it easy for Republicans to make any deep inroads into what he has accomplished . During the last two weeks , the president rolled out his nominations on national security -- Sen. John Kerry for secretary of state , Sen. Chuck Hagel for secretary of defense , and John Brennan to direct the CIA . He then nominated his chief of staff , Jack Lew , to be secretary of the treasury . We must be careful not to infer too much from presidential appointments , since these people ultimately serve the interests of the president rather than vice versa -- but still , the identities of the members of the new Cabinet provide important hints . This is a team with experience and deep roots in Washington . It is clear that Obama , sobered after four brutal years of fighting with Republicans in Congress , realizes that he needs leaders who have clout in Congress . On national security , this is a team with deep experience that can protect the existing policies the administration has adopted . Obama has selected two Senate veterans who are also military veterans , Kerry and Hagel , with the hope of using their connections with legislators and their knowledge of the ways and means of the legislative process . Though Brennan does n't come from the Senate , he is a veteran in national security circles , having worked at the highest levels of intelligence since the 1990s , and someone who Obama clearly feels will be effective in protecting his institutional turf should the legislative waters get rough . The nominations also send the signal that Obama will continue to emphasize the kind of pragmatic hawkish agenda that he has embraced from the start of his presidency . Since 2009 , Obama has generally lived within the policy framework that he inherited from President George W. Bush . He has kept the national security infrastructure in place , followed through with Bush 's plans on Iraq and Afghanistan  withdrawing in the first case and increasing troops , then diminishing U.S. presence in the second case  , and strategically employed aggressive military power such as drone strikes and assassinations against the leadership of al Qaeda . None of his appointees is a dove . Kerry has frequently authorized the use of military force , including against Iraq . Hagel is a solid Republican who supports using troops when necessary . Brennan withdrew his name from consideration for the CIA in the first term because of statements he made in support of "  enhanced interrogation techniques " against detainees . In 2007 , Brennan had said : "  There have been a lot of information that has come out from these interrogation procedures that the agency has in fact used against the real hard-core terrorists . " What the three men have in common is not a predilection to being doves but a belief that force should be employed only when absolutely essential and that war must be a tool of last resort . This is a vision of internationalism that has guided U.S. policy for much of the period since World War II . Both Kerry and Hagel are combat veterans who have seen the costs of war firsthand , and they thus remain more squeamish about making mistakes than many of the civilian leaders who have sent troops into harm 's way . With continued tensions involving countries like Syria and Iran , this outlook will be an essential brake if pressure to go to war intensifies . For all the alleged controversy over the nominations , what is notable about all three is how they are basically supportive of what Obama has done in his first four years and , just as important , much of what Bush did during his time in office -- outside of going to war in Iraq . Although foreign policy is always hard to predict , since it depends on what others do to us as much as what we decide , this is a Cabinet that signals continuity rather than dramatic change . At Treasury , the choice of Lew sends a slightly different signal . As with the national security nominations , Lew is someone with a deep record of experience in Washington , having served in many roles in the executive and legislative branches since the 1970s . His appointment shows a shift in concern from banking to budgets . In certain respects , the choice of Lew , a veteran of budget wars since the 1990s , signals Obama 's preparedness to fight Republicans over spending cuts and the debt ceiling , putting into high office one of his most effective and wily negotiators . But Lew is also a progressive , someone who believes deeply that the wealthy should pay their fair share of taxes and that Social Security and Medicare must be protected . This will be one of the biggest issues at the center of the upcoming budget wars , and by selecting Lew for this job , Obama is sending a clear signal that he does not plan to give ground easily on these programs in the months ahead . People who were still hoping for big changes on national security or domestic policy are going to be disappointed . At this point , it 's too early to tell what the appointments say about new initiatives that the administration might pursue , such as immigration reform . But we do know that the president is not planning to give much ground on the programs that are in place . These nominations suggest that the administration is gearing up to fight to defend national security and the major social programs from budget cuts rather than really pushing through big reforms . At the same time , Obama has selected some of the toughest fighters in Washington , suggesting that if Republicans want big change , they are going to have to mount a pretty heroic effort to get it done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Obama 's Cabinet appointments suggest he 's preparing to battle He says the president picked tough , wily veterans of Washington Zelizer : Kerry , Hagel , Brennan , Lew are committed to Obama 's policies He says hopes for bipartisanship are gone ; now it 's partisan warfare
New York  CNN  -- Miss USA Rima Fakih is a Muslim with Lebanese heritage , but her family is "  not defined by religion , " Fakih said . "  I 'm an American girl , " Fakih said . "  And just to be clear , my family comes from many different backgrounds and religions . " The newest Miss USA , crowned last weekend , was interviewed Wednesday for HLN 's "  The Joy Behar Show . " Fakih downplayed the significance of photographs that emerged online this week showing her dancing against a stripper 's pole . "  Everyone took them as if I was stripping , which to be honest with you was just a competition , " she said . "  It was more of an event held by a radio station . " THIS JUST IN : Is Miss USA a Muslim trailblazer ? The Detroit , Michigan , radio station promotion held three years ago was like a class to help women "  learn how to dance and feel sexy , " she told Behar . The photos show her dancing in short pants . "  To be extra funny , because I 'm known to be silly , I put money in my bra , " she said . The controversy , however , has made her name a top search term on the internet , she said . "  Yeah , I 'm the number one person on Yahoo or Google , I heard , " she said . Cheesecake photos helped last year 's Miss USA runner-up , Carrie Prejean , become well known , but she was eventually stripped of her Miss California crown when racier images emerged . Behar asked Fakih if there were any such photos of her that might eventually surface . "  Nothing at all , " she said . "  I 've always been known to be very respectful to my family and my reputation . " The stripper pole photos did not upset her family , she said . "  They 're very proud of me , " she said . "  They take it as if I 'm not up there for beauty , or to pose in a bathing suit , but for something more significant -- for being beautiful on the inside , for being wise . " Fakih was born in Lebanon , but her family moved to New York when she was young . She moved to Michigan in 2003 , where she attended the University of Michigan . "  My family comes from a Muslim background , and we 're not defined by religion , " she said . "  I would like to say we 're a spiritual liberal family . " Fakih will represent the United States in the Miss Universe pageant to take place in Las Vegas , Nevada , in August .	Miss USA Rima Fakih downplays significance of photographs that emerged online this week She says pole-dancing pictures were part of radio station promotion She says her family is from Muslim background but not defined by religion
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Thursday made official the long-held but rarely stated U.S. support for a future Palestinian state based on borders that existed before the 1967 Middle East war . In the past , the United States has unofficially backed a two-state solution to the Israel-Palestinian conflict based on the borders in place prior to the war 44 years ago in which Israel seized the West Bank , Gaza Strip , Golan Heights and Sinai Peninsula . In a major speech Thursday , Obama became the first president to formally endorse the policy , but he also acknowledged the need for modifications through the negotiating process due to conditions on the ground . "  The United States believes that negotiations should result in two states , with permanent Palestinian borders with Israel , Jordan , and Egypt , and permanent Israeli borders with Palestine , " Obama said in the concluding section of his 45-minute address that looked at political and social change sweeping across the Middle East and North Africa . "  We believe the borders of Israel and Palestine should be based on the 1967 lines with mutually agreed swaps , so that secure and recognized borders are established for both states , " Obama continued . His position agreed with the Palestinian negotiating stance on border issues in the staggering peace process , now stalled again by disputes over Israel settlements in the West Bank and the role of Hamas -- a terrorist group in the eyes of the United States and Israel -- in the Palestinian leadership . At the same time , Obama reiterated unwavering U.S. support for Israel 's security , and he endorsed major negotiating positions of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's government , including an incremental handover of security responsibilities by Israel when conditions on the ground allow it . Obama declared the U.S. commitment to Israel 's security "  unshakable , " and said "  every state has the right to self-defense , and Israel must be able to defend itself -- by itself -- against any threat . " "  Provisions must also be robust enough to prevent a resurgence of terrorism ; to stop the infiltration of weapons ; and to provide effective border security , " Obama continued , touching on the major concerns of Israel in facing a new Palestinian neighbor . "  The full and phased withdrawal of Israeli military forces should be coordinated with the assumption of Palestinian security responsibility in a sovereign , non-militarized state . And the duration of this transition period must be agreed , and the effectiveness of security arrangements must be demonstrated . " In a later interview with the BBC , Obama said that "  the basis for negotiations will involve looking at that 1967 border , recognizing that conditions on the ground have changed and there are going to need to be swaps to accommodate the interests of both sides . " "  That 's on the one hand and on the other hand , and this was an equally important part of the speech , Israel is going to have to feel confident about its security on the West Bank and that security element is going to be important to the Israelis . " Obama said in the interview . Tony Blair , the former British prime minister now working as part of international efforts to secure an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement , said the security assurances and provisions are essential to the territorial issue . "  I think it 's saying in essence , that the Palestinians have got to be sure that their state is viable in terms of territory , " Blair told CNN shortly after Obama spoke . "  Obviously , there are going to be deviations or changes  from the exact 1967 borders  that are mutually agreeable . " On the other hand , Blair said , Israel has the right to protect itself . As expected , initial reaction was mostly negative . A statement from Netanyahu 's office rejected what it called a withdrawal to the 1967 borders , calling them "  indefensible " and noting it would leave major Israeli population centers in Palestinian territory . Hamas also rejected the speech . Political opponents also criticized Obama , with possible Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney saying the president had "  thrown Israel under the bus . " "  He has disrespected Israel and undermined its ability to negotiate peace , " Romney said in a statement . "  He has also violated a first principle of American foreign policy , which is to stand firm by our friends . " The president used his speech to speak directly to both Israel and Palestinians , declaring that both sides must yield on some deeply entrenched positions in order to bring peace that is desired and needed by both the region and the world . He criticized both sides for "  unmet " expectations despite decades of efforts by U.S. administrations , including his own , to facilitate an agreement . In particular , Obama cited Israel 's insistence on building new housing settlements on the West Bank and other areas beyond its 1967 borders . On Thursday , Israel announced the approval of projects to build 1,500 housing units in Har Homa and Pisgat Zeev , which are outside the 1967 borders . Roye Lackmanovich , an Interior Ministry spokesman , said the projects had previously received initial approval . "  The status quo is unsustainable , and Israel too must act boldly to advance a lasting peace , " Obama said , adding that "  the dream of a Jewish and democratic state can not be fulfilled with permanent occupation . " Obama also rejected any Palestinian effort to challenge Israel 's right to exist , saying they would "  end in failure . " He noted an expected push for a symbolic U.N. General Assembly resolution in September "  wo n't create an independent state . " While calling for positive steps by both sides on territory and security issues , Obama said he recognized two "  wrenching and emotional issues " remain unresolved -- the future status of Jerusalem , which is claimed by both sides , and the fate of Palestinian refugees who claim Israel as their homeland . Obama also repeated the strong U.S. opposition to Hamas playing a leadership role unless it recognizes Israel 's right to exist and renounces terrorism . "  The recent announcement of an agreement between Fatah and Hamas raises profound and legitimate questions for Israel -- how can one negotiate with a party that has shown itself unwilling to recognize your right to exist , " Obama said . "  In the weeks and months to come , Palestinian leaders will have to provide a credible answer to that question . " Netanyahu 's statement cited the refugee and Hamas issues as major obstacles to renewed peace talks sought by Obama . "  Without a solution to the Palestinian refugee problem outside the borders of Israel , no territorial concession will bring peace , " said the statement , adding that Netanyahu -- who will meet with Obama on Friday in Washington -- "  will also express his disappointment over the Palestinian Authority 's decision to embrace Hamas , a terror organization committed to Israel 's destruction . " Obama acknowledged the "  suspicion and hostility " that impeded the peace process , but added he was "  convinced that the majority of Israelis and Palestinians would rather look to the future than be trapped in the past . " CNN 's Kevin Flower and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Romney says Obama threw Israel "  under the bus " President Obama formalizes a longstanding but rarely expressed U.S. position A Palestinian state must be viable , while Israel must be secure , Obama says Netanyahu rejects Israel 's withdrawal from existing population centers
CNN  -- The tragic news from Syria managed to become even more shocking Monday when the regime issued an unprecedented threat to use chemical and biological weapons . The warning , which came couched in deceptively reassuring language , makes it clearer than ever that the world can not afford to act merely as an interested spectator as Syria unravels in a tangle of shrapnel and blood . Syria had always denied that it owned any chemical or biological weapons . But the denial ended this week when Foreign Ministry spokesman Jihad Makdissi issued his peculiarly veiled threat . "  No chemical or biological weapons will ever be used , " Makdissi said before flashing the thunderbolt of an exception : "  Unless Syria is exposed to external aggression . " The weapons , he said , acknowledging their existence for the first time , are under supervision of the Syrian armed forces . Syria says it has weapons of mass destruction in case of foreign attack The regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has long described the uprising against his rule as a terrorist revolt and a "  foreign conspiracy . " Makdissi himself promptly described the opposition as the work of foreign extremists , conceivably synonymous with the "  external aggression " that would qualify for chemical attack under these new rules of engagement . The U.S. has placed most of its efforts on diplomacy , even while al-Assad 's forces have killed more than 15,000 protesters . Diplomacy has gone nowhere , but the fighting continues unabated , and the humanitarian catastrophe escalates . As with every other uprising in the Arab world , with the exception of Libya , Washington has tried to play delicately , seeking a nuanced approach that keeps it from taking center stage in the conflict , speaking out from the sidelines and gently moving events along . If anyone needed more information about the stakes and the urgency in this conflict , the latest threat provides it . American combat forces should stay out of the conflict , for now , unless Syria unleashes chemical weapons directly or indirectly . But the U.S. should play a much more active role helping overthrow al-Assad . It 's time for Washington and its allies to throw their support more forcefully behind elements of the opposition whose ideas most closely match the West 's views on democracy , equality and rule of law . Opinion : Preparing for Bashar al-Assad 's exit Many have rightly worried about who makes up the opposition . There is no question that elements of al Qaeda and other religious extremists are fighting with the rebels . But the opposition also includes members whose views more closely align with the ideals of democratic pluralism that are consistent with America 's . Syria is a diverse country , with large Christian , Druze and Kurdish minorities . America can stand back and hope for the best , or it can move forward and start financing and providing substantial intelligence and logistical support to the opposition members who , to the best of Washington 's knowledge , might uphold the right values once in power . There are no guarantees , but members of the opposition who have more resources become stronger inside their movement . America could help fortify ideological moderates by helping them in their fight . As we have just seen in Libya , moderate forces can benefit from the influence they acquire when they enlist foreign support . This is not to deny that extremists could end up gaining power in Syria . But that only makes it more important to help steer the conflict towards the best possible outcome . As al-Assad 's grip loosens , what could come next ? Consider the alternatives . Al-Assad could survive , or the civil war could grind on for years . It now looks as if al-Assad is losing ground , but other regimes have survived strong uprisings . If al-Assad 's rule survives , it will mark a defeat for the Syrian people , for America 's friends in Lebanon and for U.S. allies throughout the region . It would constitute a major victory for tyranny , a triumph for Iran and for Hezbollah . A victory for al-Assad would fortify and embolden the forces in the Middle East that oppose peace between Israelis and Palestinians , those who despise the U.S. and the West , the enemies of secularism , of equality for women and of ethnic and religious tolerance . This is a war for dominance over the region , not just for one regime 's survival . Al-Assad , despite his English education and modern tailored suits , has aligned himself with and actively supported the worst most anti-democratic , retrograde forces in the region . For decades , his friends have sowed terror around the world . Syria helped transfer thousands of Iranian missiles to Hezbollah , a disruptive anti-Western , rejectionist organization whose manifesto declares "  Our struggle will end only when this entity  Israel  is obliterated . " Israel is already deeply worried about al-Assad handing chemical weapons to Hezbollah , which has 50,000 conventionally armed missiles aimed at Israel and managed to fire 4,000 rockets at Israeli civilian targets in the 2006 war . The possibility that the fighting could spread throughout the region is frighteningly easy to envision . Iran , al-Assad 's closest ally , has been held responsible for masterminding terrorist bombings as far away as Argentina . Its current defense minister , along with the former president and former foreign minister , in fact , are targets of an Interpol arrest warrant for one of those attacks . And we 're not even mentioning the nuclear issue , which exponentially increases the stakes . Faces of the Free Syrian Army Now that al-Assad 's regime has introduced the option that major mass-casualty weapons could enter the conflict , it has eliminated any doubts about the need to bring an end to the al-Assad family 's brutal rule . It has also highlighted the importance of helping establish a responsible government in its aftermath . According to the independent Federation of American Scientists , "  Syria has one of the largest and most sophisticated chemical weapons programs in the world and may also possess offensive biological weapons . " Its arsenal contains nerve agents , cyanide , mustard gas and other weapons , along with the capability to fire them with Scud missiles , anti-tank rockets and anti-aircraft missiles . When U.S. intelligence analysts saw military activity around Syria 's chemical stockpile sites , Washington warned al-Assad that using them would "  cross a serious red line . " It 's time now for more clarity . After Syria warned that Damascus might resort to chemical weapons , German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle called the threat "  monstrous , " and British Foreign Secretary William Hague called it "  unacceptable . " The European Union declared itself "  seriously concerned . " President Barack Obama said it would be a "  tragic mistake " to use the weapons . There 's no need for subtlety . Al-Assad should hear that NATO will intervene directly if he uses chemical or biological weapons or if he gives them to his dangerous allies . At the same time , Washington and its allies should make a concerted and decisive push to help the Syrian people remove al-Assad from power . Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Syria 's regime has issued an unprecedented threat to use chemical weapons Previously , Syria had always denied it owned any chemical or biological weapons , she says The U.S. has focused on diplomatic approaches to dealing with Syria , says Ghitis Ghitis : The U.S. and its allies should push to help Syrians remove al-Assad from power
Editor 's Note : Basak Otus is a writer for the Yale Daily News , the leading news source for Yale University . This article was brought to CNN.com by UWIRE , the leading provider of student-generated content . UWIRE aims to identify and promote the brightest young content creators and deliver their work to a larger audience via professional media partners such as CNN.com . Visit UWIRE.com to learn more . After the December 2001 fall of the Taliban , Bin Laden and his cohorts fled his Kandahar compound . UWIRE  -- English majors getting tired of Shakespeare and Wordsworth will soon be able to turn to Yale 's libraries for a poet of different kind altogether : Osama bin Laden . Yale is in the midst of processing , preserving and archiving 1,500 audio tapes recorded in bin Laden 's Afghanistan headquarters from 1988 through 2000 -- a collection that includes recordings of everything from celebrations after militant actions to religious sermons to , yes , bin Laden 's poetry . The university has already digitized 335 of the tapes and will have the rest of the project completed in a few years , Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said . Once the archiving is finished , the entire collection will be available to researchers and students . "  The library 's duty is to ensure the long-term preservation and access to these and other materials for decades and centuries to come , and for future generations of scholars , " Conroy said . The tapes took a roundabout route to New Haven , Connecticut . In December 2001 Bin Laden and his cohorts fled his Kandahar compound , leaving behind hundreds of audiotapes of gatherings , speeches and sermons that would be unearthed by CNN in the ensuing weeks . The network turned over the tapes to the Federal Bureau of Investigation , which decided to release the tapes after concluding that the recordings did not contain any sensitive intelligence . David Edwards , director of the Williams College Afghan Media Center , obtained the tapes with the intention of preserving and cataloging them . Edwards , a professor of anthropology and sociology , alerted his colleague Flagg Miller , an assistant professor of religious studies at the University of California at Davis , of the tapes ' availability for research purposes . But Edwards subsequently determined that the tapes , having been tossed around and kept in a damp and dusty environment , were in fragile condition and required treatment . He said he thought they would be accessible to a wider range of people at a large research university -- particularly one with a strong interest in Middle East collections , such as Yale . In 2005 , he offered the audiotapes to the Yale Library Manuscripts and Archives , and later that year they made the trek from Williamstown , Massachusetts . to New Haven , Connecticut . William Massa , head of collection development for Yale libraries , said that while the original audiotapes are being kept in a Yale library shelving facility in nearby Hamden , Connecticut , researchers , including those without a Yale ID , are welcome to use Yale 's digital archive to access the tapes that have already been restored and processed . "  Anybody who registers to use Yale 's resources can have access to the digital recordings , " he said . Conroy said researchers can listen to the digital files in the original Arabic on a secure laptop in the Manuscripts and Archives reading room . For now , Miller is the sole researcher studying the tapes . Miller , who has access to the original tapes but also uses copies , said the tapes are helping him to investigate the role that language ideology and poetry play in contemporary Muslim reform in the Middle East . Miller , who over the past three years has been translating and transcribing the tapes , said his research will be compiled into a book that will seek to explain the development of Bin Laden 's militant movement with respect to the role of language in Islam and Muslim culture . "  The collection represents the most important database on Bin Laden 's intellectual formation that is available to the public , " Miller wrote in an e-mail . Miller said Western scholarship and the media have focused specifically on Bin Laden 's public statements surrounding September 11 and on rare occasions have revisited earlier statements that he made about the West . The cassettes in the collection , in contrast , offer recordings from as far back as the late 1980s in which Bin Laden can be heard opining on issues such as fighting the Soviet Union , which invaded Afghanistan in 1978 . The cassettes include "  moving personal narratives of martyrdom " from members of a group that in time would develop a more rational public persona , Miller said . The New York Times has reported that one of the tapes includes a recording of notorious Egyptian-born cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri preaching to jihad recruits by comparing frying eggs to holy war . Despite the tapes ' high-profile content and recent coverage in major news outlets such as the New York Times and the Los Angeles Times , many Yale history and political science professors interviewed for this article , including those who specialize in the Middle East , said they were unaware of the recordings ' residence in Yale 's libraries . "  This is the first time I have heard of them , " political science professor Andrew March said . More than 200 speakers are featured in the audiotape collection , with 20 audiotapes featuring Bin Laden 's voice .	Yale University archiving 1,500 audio tapes recorded by Osama bin Laden Collection includes recordings of everything from celebrations to bin Laden 's poetry When done , the entire collection will be available to researchers and students Cassettes found in bin Laden 's Afghanistan headquarters in 2001
CNN  -- When the Economist Intelligence Unit released its most recent Worldwide Cost of Living Survey , the spotlight , as ever , fell on the world 's most expensive cities . Tokyo came in on top of the pile of places that drain the color from your wallet , while Osaka and Sydney were second and third . World 's most expensive cities But what about the other end of the spectrum -- how about a holiday where you can live it up without hemorrhaging cash ? The world 's cheapest city is Tehran , Iran , followed by Jeddah , Saudi Arabia . Both have rich heritages , but Iran and Saudi Arabia are better known for generating controversial headlines than attracting tourists . In third place , however , Panama City popped up . The Central American country is best known for hats and a canal -- now we 've got a reason to make sure our passport is up to date ! Over the past decade , Panama has enjoyed the fastest growing economy in Latin America . As a result , new hotels and restaurants have sprouted across the capital . Healthy competition is keeping standards high , and Panama City has a plethora of top-quality , luxury experiences for cut prices . Logistics Before stepping foot outside the airport , you 've started saving . All tourists arriving at Tocumen International Airport are given travel insurance for 30 days . It is granted by the Panamanian Tourism Authority ; the government has provided the service since it signed an $ 8 million deal with Assicurazioni Generali . Next up : cash . The Panamanian balboa is linked with the dollar and the two currencies are interchangeable , so there 's no paying a commission for changing currency . As for airport transfers , a standard taxi to the city center costs $ 25 . You could arrive in style with a Panama Luxury Limousine for $ 88.50 . The same service would cost $ 145 in Rio de Janeiro , or $ 427 in Tokyo . More cents can be saved  and you can do your bit for the environment  by avoiding bottled water . Tap water in Panama City is safe to drink , not a given in the region . Hotels Waldorf Astoria Panama Latin America 's first Waldorf Astoria hotel opened in March 2013 . Book early and rooms start from $ 159 . Located on Calle Uruguay , aka "  restaurant row , " the 248 rooms have metallic , glass and crystal decor designed by Miami-based Ba-Haus/KNF . A stay here certainly does n't feel like skimping . The outdoor swimming pool is covered in gold tiles , there 's a swanky spa and each guest is given a personal concierge . Overseen by head chef Kalych Padro Alvarado , four restaurants include a sushi bar and a French brasserie . Waldorf Astoria Panama , 47th and Uruguay Streets ; rooms from $ 159 ; +507 294 8000 Casa del Horno Founded in 1501 , Panama was a Spanish colony for three centuries . Known as Casco Viejo , the historic part of the city is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . Casa del Horno  Oven House  sits on a colorful cobbled street in Casco Viejo . Surrounded by churches and plazas , it 's one of many colonial buildings to be renovated in recent years , making Casco Viejo feel like Cartagena in neighboring Colombia . Built in the 1850s , the eight-room hotel was originally a bakery . Stone walls remain , alongside art deco wooden furniture and all the modern fixtures , including LCD TVs and iPod docks . The hotel 's cafe and restaurant are reached via the pavement , avoiding the clinical feel that can befall hotel restaurants . Casa del Horno , Avenue B and Eighth Street ; +507 212 0052 ; rooms from $ 250 for two-person suite Tantalo Hotel The year-old Tantalo Hotel has 12 rooms , each designed by a different Panamanian artist . Designs range from gentle and flowery to seductive , with red-and-black walls and silver ceiling studs . Downstairs , a "  living wall " is made from 900 lush plants . The restaurant dishes up Panama-style tapas , such as octopus with lemongrass and ginger . Cocktails , wine and several dishes to share will cost around $ 30 a head . Each month , paintings in the communal areas change . "  The idea is for the fourth floor to be like an art gallery that you can wander around with a drink , " says assistant manager Catalina Bermudez . The big , buzzing rooftop bar has panoramic views and hosts events including a monthly Cuban music evening . Tantalo , Avenue B and Eighth Street ; +507 262 4030 ; rooms from $ 120 Canal House Canal House is a creaky 19th-century mansion in Casco Viejo , and checking in feels like staying with a stately aunt . With just three suites set around a large wooden staircase , this high-end guesthouse is owned by two sisters and loved for its quirky charm and homemade cooking . It was called "  the finest accommodation that exists in Panama , " by Panama 980 magazine . Canal House , Calle 5a Este ; +507 228-1907 ; rooms from $ 195 , suites from $ 320 Dining and nightlife Restaurante Angel  Via Argentina No. 6868 , El Cangrejo ; +507 263 6411  is the city 's special occasion Spanish restaurant . You 'll get impeccably prepared seafood , beef , lamb and rabbit in an elegant setting with crisp service for around $ 20-25 per person , not including drinks . There 's big food and big atmosphere for reasonable prices at Las Bovedas  Plaza Francia ; +507 228 8058  , a French restaurant set in the arched vaults of a 300-year-old fort in Casco Viejo . Fresh seafood , steaks , snails  it 's a signature dish  and great service are the hallmarks at this dressy classic . Panamanian food is a mix of European , Asian and African tastes . The best way to experience the fusion is at Maito  Calle 50 , Coco del Mar ; +507 391 4657  . It 's not often you order plantain hash with fried ceviche and come out smiling . Then there 's the ropa vieja main of shredded beef with a goat cheese sauce . Panamanian chef Mario CastrellÃ ³ n trained in Barcelona and returned to his hometown with a mission to start a "  new gastronomy " inspired by the canal -- the idea being that the waterway literally brings these different influences to the city . For the indecisive gourmand , Manolo Caracol  Avenida Central and Calle 3 , +507 228 4640  serves a set nine-course tasting menu for $ 36 per person . Busy and smart , yet relaxed , the open kitchen churns out seafood , meat and vegetable dishes made with local ingredients , the majority of which come straight from chef Caracol 's farm . Highlights include seafood bisque , corn tortilla with chorizo , and coconut fish curry with yuca tortillas . Not exactly luxury but tasty and cheap all the same , Mercado del Marisco seafood market  Avenida Balboa and Calle Eloy Alfaro  is a great place to wander . When Anthony Bourdain came to Panama , this was his first stop . Here you 'll find rows of al fresco stalls selling ceviche for $ 1.25 a cup . There 's also an upstairs restaurant with a larger menu with hearty fish stews and filleted sea bass . New Casco Viejo coffeehouse Bajareque sells the world 's most expensive coffee , Geisha , for a reasonable $ 6.50 a cup . Panama is the world 's only producer of this rare coffee , which typically retails for $ 172.50 per kilo . Fitting for its name , Geisha coffee mainly sells in Japan and costs $ 50 a cup at Tokyo coffee shops like Horiguchi Coffee . The primary nightlife spots are Calle Uruguay and Casco Viejo , both of which are lined with places to sample Panama 's four national beers , Panama , Balboa , Suarana and Atlas , for a couple of dollars . In Casco Viejo , Habana Panama  Calle Eloy Alfaro y Calle 12 Este ; +507 212 0152  , is n't just the hottest dance spot in the city , it 's an atmospheric salsa hall that recalls the elegance of old Cuba and Ricky Ricardo style . Live bands typically do n't hit the stage until midnight . For a typical $ 10 cover you 'll find fewer better shows  or more fun  anywhere . Then there 's Barlovento  Calle 10 A ; +507 6613 4345  , a tropical-style rooftop bar where the beautifuls hang . With views over Casco Viejo  rather than the Panama City skyline over at TÃ ¡ ntalo  and a DJ playing a mix of electronic music and Latin beats , the place is pumping on the weekends . Again there 's a $ 10 cover charge  if you 're male that is ; women enter free  but you 'd easily pay a $ 25 cover for the same deal in Mexico City . Attractions Panama Viejo The oldest section of the city , Panama Viejo was burned to the ground in the late 17th century by British pirate  or privateer , depending who you ask  Sir Henry Morgan . The crumbling remains of towers , forts and houses run along the coast waiting to be explored . The visitors center has a model showing the city before Morgan showed up . Panama Viejo ; +507 226 8915 ; $ 3 for museum , $ 4 for ruins , $ 6 for both ; open Tuesday-Sunday , 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Panama Canal The Panama Canal took 250,000 people more than 10 years to build  not counting the original failed French-led effort  , transports 40 boats each day  taking eight to 10 hours per transit  and costs an average of $ 85,000 per vessel . Luckily , tours are a little less , and a partial transit with Canal & Bay Tours costs $ 135 per person , including breakfast , lunch and transfer though two sets of locks . The Panama Canal celebrates its centenary in 2014 , and to mark the occasion it 's undergoing a $ 5.25 billion modernization and expansion . Progress is best viewed from above . Air Charter Panama arranges one-hour helicopter tours covering the Pacific and Atlantic sides of the canal from $ 749 for three passengers in a Robinson R44 .	Panama City is the Americas ' most affordable capital city , but luxury standards often prevail Book early and you can stay at Waldorf Astoria Panama for $ 159 Cup of world 's most expensive coffee is $ 6.50 . In Tokyo , same cup goes for up to $ 50 Panama has Latin America 's fastest growing economy
CNN  -- Time is running out for congressional Republicans and President Barack Obama to strike a deal to avert the fiscal cliff . If the two parties ca n't come to an agreement before the end of the year , a combination of broad tax hikes and deep government spending cuts take effect . Experts warn of a new recession if Washington goes over the fiscal cliff . Here 's a by-the-numbers look at the fiscal cliff and its impact : The current situation : $ 16.3 trillion -- The amount of the current national debt . 71 % -- The percentage of every tax dollar going to support Medicare , Medicaid , Social Security and interest on the debt . 2026 -- The year that all federal tax revenue could potentially go to supporting Medicare , Medicaid , Social Security and interest on the debt , unless changes are made . Fiscal cliff talks still hung up on taxes What the fiscal cliff will do : January 2 , 2013 -- The date that automatic tax increases and spending cuts will go into effect , unless a deal is reached . $ 7 trillion -- The total amount of tax increases and spending cuts included in the fiscal cliff , spread out over the next 10 years . $ 1.2 trillion -- The amount of deficit reduction possible over the next 10 years , with the fiscal cliff 's spending cuts and tax increases . Democratic source : GOP calling for permanent extension of cuts for wealthiest 2 % $ 55 billion -- The amount expected to be cut from non-defense spending in 2013 . This includes education , aviation safety and other programs . $ 55 billion -- The amount the Department of Defense will have to cut from discretionary spending in 2013 . $ 500 billion -- The amount the Department of Defense faces in potential cuts over 10 years . Mother with autistic son worried what fiscal cliff could do to her family 90 % -- The percentage of Americans who will pay more taxes in 2013 , if a deal on the fiscal cliff is n't reached . $ 2,000 -- Amount the Tax Policy Center estimates that middle class families will have to pay in additional taxes in 2013 , if a deal is n't reached . Proposals : $ 1.4 trillion -- The amount the White House has proposed in new tax revenues , to reduce the deficit . $ 800 billion -- The amount that the GOP has proposed to reduce the deficit , by enacting tax reform and eliminating some deductions and loopholes . Polls : 49 % -- The percentage of people polled who approve of President Barack Obama 's handling of the fiscal cliff negotiations . 25 % -- The percentage of people polled who approve of House Speaker John Boehner 's handling of the fiscal cliff negotiations . Polls show Obama has more public support in fiscal cliff talks 42 % -- The percentage of people polled who disapprove of President Barack Obama 's handling of the fiscal cliff negotiations . 49 % -- The percentage of people polled who disapprove of House Speaker John Boehner 's handling of the fiscal cliff negotiations .	$ 16.3 trillion -- Size of the current national debt January 2 , 2013 -- Date that automatic tax hikes and spending cuts will take effect , unless a deal is reached $ 7 trillion -- Amount of tax increases and spending cuts included in the fiscal cliff , spread out over the next 10 years 49 % and 25 % -- Americans surveyed who approve of the way President Obama and Speaker Boehner are handling the fiscal cliff , respectively
Dowding  v.  : A disturbing , drug-induced experience brought on by the overconsumption of marijuana edibles . Usage : "  Aww man , I ate all those cookies and now I 'm dowding , hard . " OK , so "  dowding " may not be a real word -- yet -- but its namesake , New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd , knows a thing or two about a bad trip . She went to Colorado earlier this year and famously freaked out after eating too much marijuana-infused chocolate . "  I became convinced that I had died and no one was telling me , " she wrote of the experience . Or , as Dr. Gonzo might have explained , "  You took too much , man . You took too much , too much . " Related : NYT 's Maureen Dowd inspires effort to educate Coloradans about edibles Now , thanks to new rules coming on line early next year , marijuana newbies may have an easier time avoiding Dowd 's fate . Starting in February , all recreational marijuana edibles have to come in single-serving sizes or sections . And some of Colorado 's edible makers are already cranking out the personal-sized goodies . 10,000 personal-sized goodies , that is , for each pound of marijuana they produce . At Sweet Grass Kitchen here recently , executive chef Lauren Finesilver was making a seasonal favorite , pumpkin pie . The single-serving pies , like the chocolate chip cookies , brownies and Snickerdoodles , are made with butter infused with marijuana , or cannabutter .  Cannabis + butter . Get it ? Related : Pumpkin pot pie For her batch of pie crusts , Finesilver used butter simmered in about a half pound of weed and then strained . Butter is the medium of choice because it tastes good and is easy to digest , explained owner Julie Berliner . And all her single-serving baked goods contain 10mg of THC , about equivalent of smoking a joint , Berliner said . But , it 's a different kind of high . "  It 's more of a body high , when you smoke it 's more psychoactive , " she explained . But eat too much and you could soon find yourself dowding . And that 's where the smaller sizes come in handy . "  Breaking our products into single servings makes it intuitive for someone to eat one serving and know that if they are going to have more , they actually have to take another bite , " she said . "  They do n't have to try to do the math and cut a cookie or a truffle up into several pieces . " And that should help keep nubes like Maureen Dowd from going to pieces .	New rules will make producers sell marijuana edibles in single-serving sizes in Colorado They 're already making smaller servings at the Sweet Grass kitchen They 're also making pumpkin pot pie
CNN  -- The U.S. government will be hit with a class action lawsuit on behalf of 700 Guatemalans who were infected with syphilis unless it offers a way to settle claims before Friday , the plaintiffs ' attorneys said . Law firms representing the victims said the United States intentionally infected the Guatemalans between 1946 and 1948 in an effort to study the effects of the disease . The complaint compares it to the Tuskegee syphilis experiment in Alabama . During the 40-year study that began in 1932 , doctors observed how the disease progressed in about 400 poor African-Americans , who already had syphilis . The men were never told they had the disease and never treated for it . The test subjects received free medical testing , meals and burial insurance . "  We are hoping we can come up with a mutual agreement by Friday about what next steps should be in terms of a concrete remedy for the people that were impacted , " Piper Hendricks , a litigation associate for Conrad and Scherer , said Tuesday . "  We were favorably impressed with how the administration denounced the studies and apologized last year ; we hope we can come up with a settlement without actually having to go to court and litigate . " The Obama administration acknowledged the experiments in October . "  Although these events occurred more than 64 years ago , we are outraged that such reprehensible research could have occurred under the guise of public health , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a joint statement . "  We deeply regret that it happened , and we apologize to all the individuals who were affected by such abhorrent research practices . " While the complaint mentions that there were at least 700 test subjects , it only lists seven plaintiffs -- all are either the direct victims of the testing or their legal heirs . "  We do expect more people to come forward , but the news is still making its way through Guatemala , " said Hendricks , who acknowledged that many people may have passed away over the years . "  Some of our clients are living in rural regions and even if they have received news of what went on it 's not easy to get in touch with someone to join the suit . " In a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder on Monday , attorneys Andres Alonso and Terrence Collingsworth ask that "  a claims process be set up through which aggrieved citizens of Guatemala , who have been adversely affected by this experiment , " can receive a settlement outside the court system . The legal team says it will proceed with the litigation if it does n't hear from the government by Friday .	Lawyers say about 700 Guatemalans were infected with syphilis The U.S. intentionally infected the Guatemalans to study the effects of the disease The United States has apologized for the testing , which was more than 60 years ago
Oxford , England  CNN  -- WikiLeaks.org , the website that released secret video of a U.S. airstrike in Iraq that killed a dozen civilians , is "  getting an enormous quantity of whistle-blower disclosures of high caliber , " the site 's founder , Julian Assange , said Friday in a rare public appearance here . Speaking at the TED Global conference , Assange said that "  we are overwhelmed by our growth " and the site ca n't keep up with the volume of the new material because it does n't have enough people to verify it . He later told reporters that "  there are many things which are very explosive . " Assange said the organization gets material from whistle-blowers in a variety of ways -- including via postal mail -- vets it , releases it to the public and then defends itself against "  the regular political or legal attack . " He said the organization rarely knows the identity of the source of the leak . "  If we find out at some stage , we destroy that information as soon as possible , " he said . Pfc. Bradley E. Manning , 22 , of Potomac , Maryland , has been charged with eight violations of the U.S. Criminal Code for allegedly illegally transferring classified data , including the video that wound up on WikiLeaks . He has been accused of "  wrongfully introducing a classified video of a military operation filmed at or near Baghdad , Iraq " around July 12 , 2007 , "  onto his personal computer , a non-secure information system . " Assange said at a news conference that Manning "  is a political prisoner being held in the nation of Kuwait , effectively keeping him away from the press and effective legal representation . " He said WikiLeaks is providing legal assistance to Manning without saying if he was the source of the video . "  Obviously , we can not pick and choose , " said Assange , adding that the site has to defend everyone who faces serious charges as a result of material posted on WikiLeaks . The video shows aerial footage of an attack by a U.S. Apache helicopter that killed civilians , including two journalists from the Reuters news service . WikiLeaks posted it in April . The site said the video "  clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . " Asked to respond to Assange 's assertion that Manning is a "  political prisoner , " Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan told CNN that Manning is "  accused of committing serious offenses . He has been charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and will be processed by normal procedures through the military justice system . " U.S. military authorities have warned that the publication of classified documents on WikiLeaks could aid in the planning of terrorist attacks and harm national security . At the Oxford event , Assange said , "  Remember the people in Baghdad , the people in Iraq , the people in Afghanistan , they do n't need to see the video . They see it every day . " He said the site 's hope is that such video "  will change the perception of the people who are paying " for the war . Assange denied reports that WikiLeaks had received hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. cables in addition to the Iraq video . He said the site would have released the cables if it had received them . Assange said some information , including a patient 's medical records , should legitimately be kept secret . But he said WikiLeaks 's practice of revealing information from whistle-blowers follows the traditions of journalism . The fact that governments and organizations spend money to keep this information secret , Assange said , is a good indication that releasing the information can achieve reform . The 39-year-old Assange , who has gray hair swept back behind his ears , noted that WikiLeaks operates in several countries , including Iceland and Sweden , where , he said , laws give protection to the disclosures made on the site . He said he had to cancel three public appearances in the United States , including one at the June conference of Investigative Reporters and Editors in Las Vegas , Nevada , because of "  unreasonable " statements by U.S. officials in private that they "  may not follow the rule of law " in dealing with him . "  I received advice from figures like -LSB- investigative reporter -RSB- Sy Hersh to exercise caution , " Assange said , adding that U.S. officials have now adopted a "  reasonable " attitude in private . Assange was interviewed by Chris Anderson , curator of TED , the nonprofit that ran the conference . He asked the audience for a show of hands as to whether he was a hero or a "  dangerous troublemaker . " The vast majority signaled that they viewed him as a hero . CNN 's Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Pentagon says Pfc. Bradley E. Manning is accused of "  serious offenses " WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange : Site getting a number of whistle-blower disclosures Assange : Manning is a "  political prisoner " Assange says he has canceled U.S. appearances due to security concerns
CNN  -- Barcelona and Real Madrid have both played down suggestions that Saturday 's "  El Clasico " showdown will decide the Spanish league title . With eight matches left in the season , the two bitter rivals are locked on 77 points at the top of the table with Real ahead by just one goal on "  for-and-against " differential . Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola said his team would treat the match -- traditionally the biggest fixtures in the La Liga schedule -- as "  a final " but insisted that defeat would not be terminal for either team 's title hopes . "  If there were only three or four games to go I would say it is an almost decisive match , but when there are seven left afterwards it 's not so much -- but it is very important , " he told reporters on Friday . "  It 's not a final , but we need to play as if it was one . It 's a game where the winner will strike a blow to the other . " Barcelona triumphed 6-2 in the Spanish capital last season to move seven points clear with four games to play , and cruised to the title . Since then , Real replaced interim coach Juande Ramos with Manuel Pellegrini and new club president Florentino Perez underwrote a huge spending spree to sign stellar stars such as Cristiano Ronaldo , Kaka , Karim Benzema and Xabi Alonso . "  The 6-2 is unrepeatable . These things happen once in a lifetime , no more , " Guardiola said . Barcelona won the corresponding home fixture 1-0 in November with a goal from striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , so a draw would give the Catalans the advantage on head-to-head record if both teams end the season still level on points . Pellegrini , with his future in the balance , knows that Real need to win . "  We will go out for the victory , " the Chilean told reporters on Friday . "  A draw is always a bad result for my team , we 've never gone out looking for a draw . We 've picked up a lot of victories away from home , and more at the Bernabeu , and this game is not going to be an exception . "  We have to show why we are leaders . We 've always gone out to take the game to our opponents from the start and it will be no different on this occasion . "  The league does not end tomorrow . There will still be 21 points in play and matches against difficult opponents . This is an important match , but whoever wins will make a big mistake if they think they have won La Liga , and the same goes for whoever loses because there will be seven more matches to play . " Barcelona will again be without Ibrahimovic , who injured a calf in the warmup to last weekend 's 4-1 win over Athletic Bilbao and then missed the Champions League crushing of Arsenal in which Lionel Messi scored all four goals . France fullback Eric Abidal also misses out , having suffered a thigh injury on Tuesday , but central defender Gerard Pique returns after his European ban despite receiving a similar knock against Bilbao . Real will again be without injured Brazilian playmaker Kaka , who has not featured since the Champions League last-16 tie with Lyon on March 10 . Midfielder Alonso and defender Sergio Ramos return from suspension after missing Sunday 's 2-0 win at Racing Santander , but Pepe and Royston Drenthe are still sidelined . Madrid have won 50 of the 79 encounters between the two teams since 1929 , losing just 15 times .	Real Madrid and Barcelona locked on 77 points at the top of the Spanish league table Real have slight edge by just one goal on "  for-and-against " differential with eight games left Both teams ' coaches insist that victory will not decide the La Liga crown Defending champions Barcelona won the 79th "  El Clasico " 1-0 at home in November
CNN  -- A day after Standard & Poor 's rating agency downgraded the U.S. credit rating to AA + from its top rank of AAA , there were more questions than answers Saturday about what effects the move will have on the economy and American consumers . The move by S&P , one of the leading credit rating agencies , came just days after Congress approved a deal to deliver $ 2.1 trillion in savings over the next decade . The deal followed heated debt-ceiling talks in Washington . "  The downgrade reflects our opinion that the fiscal consolidation plan that Congress and the administration recently agreed to falls short of what , in our view , would be necessary to stabilize the government 's medium-term debt dynamics , " S&P said Friday shortly after markets closed . While it was unclear what the short-term impact of the credit rating downgrade would be , some initial answers were expected Monday when the stock market reopened . One area of concern is whether a downgrade would ward off investors from buying U.S. debt and increase the country 's cost to borrow money , therefore increasing consumer interest rates on everything from mortgages to car loans to student loans . "  Only time 's going to tell how we 're going to be affected , " former U.S. Comptroller General David Walker told CNN . "  Interest rates that affect the U.S. government ultimately can ripple throughout the economy , which is not good news given our weak economic condition already . " Rating agencies such as S&P , Moody 's and Fitch analyze risk and give debt a grade that is supposed to reflect the borrower 's ability to repay its loans . The safest bets are stamped AAA . That 's where the U.S. debt has stood for years . Moody 's first assigned the United States a AAA rating in 1917 . Fitch and Moody 's , the other two main credit ratings agencies , maintained the AAA rating for the United States after this week 's debt deal , though Moody 's lowered its outlook on U.S. debt to "  negative . " A negative outlook indicates the possibility that Moody 's could downgrade the country 's sovereign credit rating within a year or two . John Chambers , the head of sovereign ratings at S&P , told CNN that the political brinkmanship over the debt ceiling proved to be a key issue , with "  the U.S. government getting to the last day before they had cash-management problems . " Few governments separate the budget process from the debt-authorization process as the United States does , he noted . And , though the budget deal that finally was reached will deliver at least $ 2.1 trillion in savings over the next decade , that will not suffice , he said . "  It 's going to be difficult to get beyond that -- at least in the near term -- and you do need to get beyond that to get to a point where the debt-to-GDP ratio is going to stabilize , " he said . Asked who was to blame , Chambers said , "  This is a problem that 's been a long time in the making -- well over this administration , the prior administration . " Congress should shoulder some of the blame , he said . "  The first thing it could have done is to have raised the debt ceiling in a timely manner so that much of this debate had been avoided to begin with , as it had done 60 or 70 times since 1960 without that much debate . " Chambers added that his agency 's decision is likely to have a long-term impact . "  Once you lose your AAA , it does n't usually bounce back , " he said . He pointed to the decision by Congress about whether to extend the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts as one crucial area . "  If you let them lapse for the high-income earners , that could give you another $ 950 billion , " he said . U.S. Treasury officials received S&P 's analysis Friday afternoon and alerted the agency to an error that inflated U.S. deficits by $ 2 trillion , said an administration official , who was not authorized to speak for attribution . The agency acknowledged the mistake , but said it was sticking with its decision . The administration official called it "  a facts-be-damned decision ... Their analysis was way off , but they would n't budge . " But Chambers defended his agency 's move . "  It does n't make a material difference , " he said . "  It does n't change the fact that your debt-to-GDP ratio , under most plausible assumptions , will continue to rise over the next decade . " Rumors of a possible downgrade surfaced shortly after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi announced in Rome that finance ministers of the Group of Seven industrialized nations -- Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and the United States -- may meet "  in a few days " to discuss the sagging world economy . The announcement came on a day when financial anxiety gripped the globe . Stock markets worldwide saw intense volatility amid worries of a widening debt crisis in Europe and a stalled economic recovery in the United States . American markets were dramatically up and down a day after having their worst day since the 2008 financial crisis . Stock market values fell Friday across Europe and Asia , where reaction to news of the U.S. credit downgrade was mixed . A scathing editorial in the Chinese state-run Xinhua News Agency criticized the United States for living outside its means . "  China , the largest creditor of the world 's sole superpower , has every right now to demand the United States to address its structural debt problems and ensure the safety of China 's dollar assets , " the editorial said . "  To cure its addiction to debts , the United States has to re-establish the common sense principle that one should live within its means . " Other responses were more measured . "  We will have to analyze it . It will require some time , " said India 's finance minister , Pranab Mukherjee . "  The  situation is grave and there is no gain in making off-the-cuff remarks . " In South Korea , which also holds a large amount of U.S. debt , the Yonhap news agency said government officials were closely monitoring financial developments in the United States . "  The news is bad and Seoul plans to keep very close tabs on how the market reacts , " Yoon Jong-won , head of the ministry 's economic policy bureau , told Yonhap . Concerns about debt issues in Europe appeared to battle with optimism that a positive U.S. jobs report indicated the American economy is not headed into a new recession -- the dreaded "  double-dip . " "  The crisis in Europe is quickly becoming on par with the financial crisis of 2008 , " David Levy , portfolio manager at Kenjol Capital Management , told CNN Money . "  The jobs report shows that things are n't getting much worse in the U.S. , but the focus is clearly on Europe at this point . " "  We are going to get through this , " U.S. President Barack Obama said prior to the downgrade at the Washington Navy Yard , where he announced a jobs program for veterans . "  Things will get better . And we 're going to get there together . " Obama , who spoke Friday afternoon with France 's Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel about the crisis , noted that July marked the 17th consecutive month of private-sector job growth in the United States , but said much more work needs to be done . Obama is urging Republicans and Democrats to come together in efforts to strenghten the American economy , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said in a statement Saturday . "  The bipartisan compromise on deficit reduction was an important step in the right directionm " Carney said . "  Yet , the path to getting there took too long and was at times too divisive . We must do better to make clear our nation 's will , capacity and commitment to work together to tackle our major fiscal and economic challenges . " CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Laura Smith-Spark , Mariano Castillo , Mike Pearson and Kendra Petersen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama urges both parties to work together to strengthen the economy S&P downgrades the U.S. credit rating from a AAA to AA + It is not immediately clear what effects the downgrade will have
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sri Lankan soldiers have seized a key rebel stronghold after launching a surprise attack early Sunday morning , the head of Sri Lanka 's army announced . Sri Lankan army chief Sarath Fonseka says a key Tamil town has been taken in a national TV broadcast Sunday . Troops crossed a lagoon and entered the town of Mullaittivu before encountering heavy resistance from Tamil fighters , according to the government-run news agency . "  Our troops fought their way through a 40 km  25 mile  thick jungle track , " Lt. Gen. Sarath Fonseka said in a televised address on Sunday . "  This is the long awaited victory and I am happy to say that our heroic forces today captured the Mullaittivu town after 12 years , " the Sri Lanka Army chief said . There is no confirmation from the rebels that the strategic garrison has been overtaken . The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam  LTTE  -- commonly known as the Tamil Tigers -- have fought for an independent homeland for the country 's ethnic Tamil minority since 1983 . The civil war has left more than 70,000 people dead . The rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 and established a military garrison there , according to the government . In recent days , the military has made significant progress in its campaign to recapture rebel strongholds . Earlier this month , troops regained control of the northern town of Elephant Pass , the point at which mainland Sri Lanka links to the northern Jaffna peninsula . It had been in rebel hands for more than nine years . The re-capture enabled the government to use a highway linking the mainland to the peninsula to move troops and supplies . Previously , it was done by air and sea . "  The area that the LTTE has dominated has shrank phenomenally , " Sri Lankan High Commissioner to India , C.R Jayasinghe , told CNN . "  They lost ... about 90 percent of what they had . " Despite major government gains , critics point to ongoing civilian casualties resultant from the conflict . "  This is an important strategic success for the army , but literally tens of thousands of people , children , are in the line of fire , " United Nations spokesman James Elder said in a phone conversation Sunday . "  Some Sri Lankan U.N. staff are trapped there , " he added . "  Convoys are going to the area , delivering emergency supplies , but these are not sufficient for the number of people in need . " Sri Lankan authorities are barring journalists and humanitarian aid workers from areas where heavy fighting is taking place . Amnesty International spokesman Shuransu Mishra estimated that "  over a quarter of a million of the population , mostly Tamils , are trapped between the two sides . " The organization says greater access and protection for aid workers and journalists are needed as news agencies struggle to report an accurate picture of the conflict . "  The Sri Lankan authorities are doing little to ensure the safety of the country 's media , or to prosecute those responsible for murdering or attacking them , " Amnesty International spokeswoman Yolanda Foster said in a written statement on Friday . "  They  Sri Lankan authorities  are also directly responsible for subjecting journalists to harassment and interrogation , " she said . At least 14 journalists have been killed since the start of 2006 , according to the statement . Others have been driven from the country by death threats , or in fear of detention and torture by government authorities , it said .	Rebels gained control over Mullaittivu in 1996 , established a military garrison there Military making significant progress to recapture rebel strongholds Earlier this month troops regained control of key northern town of Elephant Pass Tamils want independent homeland , war since 1983 has left more than 65,000 dead
PARKLAND , Florida  CNN  -- Sherri and Ira Rojhani stopped paying the mortgage on their 2-year-old South Florida home in April , victims not of a troubled economy , but , they say , of drywall from China that they believe is making them sick . An air conditioning unit in a Florida , is blackened and corroded from Chinese drywall , homeowners say . They join a growing list of homeowners in 13 states who face foreclosure or the prospect of paying both their mortgage and rent on alternate housing as they seek relief from what they describe as corrosive gasses emitted from the Chinese drywall . The drywall is now the subject of several scientific studies . "  Families are being forced to make health decisions based on financial consideration , and that is fundamentally flawed , " said Sherri Rojhani , a homeowner in Parkland , Florida . "  We should n't be in a position to stay in a home , based on our health , " she said . Homeowners allege the gas is causing home appliances and copper wiring to fail and causes chronic , long-term upper respiratory infections . Federal authorities including the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission are studying the possible health effects of the drywall . Most of their results are still some time off . On Tuesday the EPA announced that it found sulfur , a corrosive material , in the Chinese drywall samples it tested and that sulfur was not found in the U.S. manufactured drywall samples it also tested . The EPA also found strontium in the Chinese drywall at levels about 10 times higher than in the U.S. drywall . Strontium is a metal often used in manufacturing the glass for television screens . The EPA also detected two elements typically found in acrylic paints in the Chinese drywall but not in the U.S. drywall . The EPA said these results are not intended to establish a definitive link between the drywall and the conditions being found by homeowners in their homes . The CPSC says representatives from the Chinese government are in the U.S. working on the issue . Pointing to the blackened copper on their home 's corroded air conditioning unit as all the evidence they need , the Rojhanis say they are n't going to wait for the government studies . They say the air in the home they share with their son , Seth , 18 , who is paraplegic with a history of cancer , is giving them headaches and causing sinus infections . Sherri says she 's been coughing since February . "  What we are doing is discontinuing our mortgage , and saving our money for moving expenses , and for a rental property , " Sherri Rojhani told CNN . They stopped paying their mortgage in April . Their attorney contacted their mortgage company , Countrywide , recently bought by Bank of America , almost a month ago with details of their plight . A letter to the Rojhanis from Bank of America 's counseling center said the bank intends to move forward with the foreclosure process . That does n't make sense to Sherri Rojhani . "  It 's worth zero . They can not sell it . They face the same issue we do for a potential buyer , " she said . Countrywide / Bank of America did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . Indeed , banks and mortgage companies across the country may soon find themselves in the same position if homeowners walk away and allow their homes to be foreclosed . "  They 're having to make choices about their credit and whether they are going to lose their home , but they 're always going to pick their health first , " said Michael Ryan , the Rojhanis ' attorney . According to the Gypsum Association , a trade group that represents drywall manufactures , enough drywall was imported from China during the housing boom from 2005 to 2007 to build 30,000 complete homes . But it 's possible that some of the Chinese drywall was used in smaller remodeling projects across the country . So , the number of homes affected is difficult to calculate . Meanwhile , the U.S. government has made clear that not all Chinese drywall is bad . Rather than foreclosing , the Rojhanis suggest the banks team with homeowners against those who supplied the drywall . "  It 's in their best interests to join us in going after ... the distributors and the manufactures to get remediation , " she said . The Rojhanis are now suing their home builder . Joseph Espinal lives in the same Parkland , Florida , area as the Rojhanis , but his lender , HSBC , has given him and his family a three-month grace period in paying their mortgage . In an e-mailed statement , an HSBC spokeswoman , Kate Durham , told CNN : "  HSBC does not comment on individual customer matters but we can tell you that our home preservation team members regularly work with customers facing various hardships , to offer assistance . " But what happens after that three-month payment hiatus ends is anybody 's guess . "  It 's a great start , " Joseph Espinal told CNN . "  But I do n't see anybody coming up to the plate and saying , Mr. Espinal , I know we screwed you by building a house with toxic chemicals , here 's a temporary home , while we repair what went wrong . " He 's moving his wife and two young daughters into a rental this month , after what he describes as almost two years of sickness and visits to doctors . "  We have sinus headaches which lead to antibiotics , and then three weeks , four weeks later , I 'm back asking for more , " he said . Espinal made a 40 percent down payment on his home . He 's concerned and angry about what 's happened to his investment . "  I do n't want to lose my money , " he said . CPSC says Florida leads the nation in complaints about Chinese drywall . Other complaints from homeowners are coming from Louisiana , Virginia , Wisconsin , Ohio , Alabama , Mississippi , Missouri , California , Washington , Wyoming , Arizona , Tennessee and Washington D.C. . Many homeowner 's have turned to their home insurance companies for help , only to find that any problems would not be covered by homeowner 's policies . "  If it 's defective , where they have to be recompensated , that would have to come from the manufacturer , " said Loretta Worters of the Insurance Information Institute , an insurance industry trade group . Last week , Florida Reps. Robert Wexler , a Democrat , and Mario Diaz-Balart , a Republican , were successful in passing legislation that required the secretary of housing to examine the effect of Chinese drywall on mortgage foreclosures and to study the availability of property insurance coverage for these homes . "  It is critical that we address this problem swiftly to avoid devastating results in our communities and long-term effects on the health and well being of our families , " Diaz-Balart said in a written statement . Meanwhile , Florida 's attorney general has warned consumers to be aware of fraudulent companies selling bogus test kits and quick fixes , costing thousands of dollars . There are no quick fixes according to state and federal experts . Sherri Rojhani says she wo n't be taking any chances . "  If the fumes are strong enough to corrode metal , and copper pipe is turning black , I do n't need a degree from the EPA to determine if my lung tissue is at risk . "	Chinese-made drywall emits corrosive gasses , homeowners say Mortgage relief sought as value of homes reduced to zero , homeowners say Residents say they choose between health , foreclosure Drywall-related problems not covered by insurance , insurer says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Raja Pervez Ashraf ascended to prime minister of Pakistan on Friday after lawmakers approved his nomination in a majority vote in parliament . Ashraf , 61 , a former minister and staunch loyalist of the ruling Pakistan Peoples Party , replaces Yousuf Raza Gilani , who was ousted by a Supreme Court ruling earlier in the week . The lower house of parliament voted 211-89 in favor of Ashraf , a confidant of President Asif Ali Zardari who until recently served as minister of information and technology . Ashraf takes over running Pakistan 's government at a time when political tensions are high and relations with the United States are strained . Ashraf was the party 's second choice to replace Gilani . Minister Makhdoom Shahabuddin 's candidacy was marred shortly after it was made public when a trial court issued an arrest warrant for him in connection with a drug scandal in 2010 , when he served as health minister . Last year , Shahabuddin resigned from the minister post amid allegations that he accepted kickbacks while in office . The Supreme Court is hearing a case involving the allegations . Ashraf also has been accused of corruption in the past . In 2011 , he was accused of scheming to receive kickbacks from private power companies during his time as minister of water and power . The corruption allegations earned him the nickname "  Raja Rental " among many Pakistanis . The case was also heard by the Supreme Court and a ruling is pending , said Fawad Chaudhry , a senior leader of the Pakistan People 's Party . Chaudhry called the investigation "  politically motivated . " Gilani was ousted from office when the nation 's top court disqualified him retroactive to April 26 , the day he was convicted of contempt charges . The charges stemmed from his refusal to call on Swiss authorities to reopen old corruption charges against Zardari . Journalists Nasir Habib and Ayza Omar contributed to this report .	NEW : Parliament elects Raja Pervez Ashraf as Pakistan 's new prime minister Like the previous nominee , Ashraf is also controversial He was nicknamed "  Raja Rental " after he was accused of corruption He replaces Yousuf Raza Gilani , who was ruled ineligible to hold office
Morganton , North Carolina  CNN  -- Investigators spent another fruitless day Thursday looking for a 10-year-old North Carolina girl missing since last weekend and now believed dead , the local sheriff said . Authorities spent a third day combing an area about 20 miles north of Zahra Clare Baker 's home in Hickory , North Carolina . This time , as many as 70 searchers were backed by dogs and a backhoe that was used to clear piles of wood and mulch , Burke County Sheriff John McDevitt said . The goal of Thursday 's effort was to eliminate the possibility that Zahra 's body had been dumped on the roughly 60 acres , McDevitt said . "  For the community 's sake , we wanted to clear this area , " he said . "  And for a large majority , we did that . " Zahra was reported missing Saturday afternoon . Her disappearance is being investigated as a homicide , and her stepmother has been arrested on charges of obstructing justice . The searches near Morganton started Tuesday as investigators focused on a lot where Zahra 's father , Adam Baker , frequently worked hauling loads of wood and brush to be mulched . Wednesday , investigators came up empty after draining a pond next door . Police said this week that the stepmother , Elisa Baker , admitted to writing a fake ransom note that was left at the family 's home . She was arrested Sunday on an unrelated charge of passing bad checks , prosecutors said . Elisa Baker remained jailed on those charges Thursday . Her bail has been set at a combined $ 70,000 , an amount her lawyer called "  excessive . " Police said Adam Baker also faces bad-check charges , but is not being arrested while he assists police . "  At this point , he 's doing what we ask him to do . If we need him to do something , he shows up , " said Clyde Deal , Hickory 's deputy police chief . Deal said other searches have been conducted , but the warrants have been sealed and no details are being released . Police said earlier this week that no one outside the girl 's immediate family had reported seeing her for nearly a month . But Deal said Thursday that another witness had come forward to say they had seen Zahra in mid - to late September . Zahra reportedly suffered from bone cancer and used a prosthetic leg and hearing aids . The hearing aids have been found , but not the prosthesis , Hickory Police Chief Tom Adkins has said . Relatives and friends of the family have alleged that Elisa Baker physically abused Zahra and said she was reported to state social services officials . The North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services has declined comment on the case . Hickory is about 60 miles northwest of Charlotte . HLN 's Natisha Lance and Beth Carey contributed to this report .	A third day of extensive searching turns up nothing Zahra Clare Baker was reported missing Saturday Her stepmother has been charged with obstructing justice
CNN  It was a story that moved Stan Lee , the creator of many of the best-known superheroes in history , into action : a Spider-Man-loving boy with autism named Jamel Hunter . According to the New York Times , a December Times article about the child , who reportedly did n't say a word until he was in preschool , caught the eye of one of Lee 's neighbors , jazz musician Corky Hale . That would be the same Stan Lee who co-created Spider-Man  as well as Iron Man , the Incredible Hulk , the X-Men and so many other Marvel characters  . The Times story described how 8-year-old Jamel , who loves Spider-Man , had a birthday party at an East Harlem community center . The place was full of Spidey images . His struggling mother put everything she had into the party . Upon hearing the tale at his home in California , Lee decided to pitch in . "  After hearing of the boy 's situation , how could I not ? " he told CNN . Lee decided to draw a sketch of Spider-Man for Hunter . Lee , it should be noted , is n't an artist ; Spidey was first drawn by Steve Ditko . But he can do the character in a pinch . New York Times writer Michael Wilson delivered the drawing to Jamel , with Lee 's signature in the corner . "  Spider-Man  is a teenager , not an adult so  young people  can relate to him , " Lee explained . "  He has many of the problems they themselves have , such as not enough money . " Lee 's act of generosity captured the hearts of many on social media this past weekend . CNN 's attempts to reach Jamel 's family were unsuccessful .	Comic book legend Stan Lee draws Spider-Man for a boy with autism 8-year-old Jamel Hunter is a fan of the wall-crawling hero
Sumatra , Indonesia  CNN  -- A loud crack echoes throughout the canopy as two young orangutans come tumbling down , grasping at branches along the way to break their fall . They recover and sheepishly scamper back up . This is lesson one of jungle school here in the forests of central Sumatra , one of the few places where orangutans are being successfully rehabilitated into the wild . "  They have to learn that their whole environment is completely different from the cage , " says Peter Pratje of the Frankfurt Zoological Society . "  They have to learn that branches and small trees -- the size of bars in the cage -- do n't carry them any longer . They bend and break . " "  During the first phase of this jungle training , they are very often falling out of the trees because they use rotten branches . " The two youngsters swing awkwardly between the trees . On the ground below , their trainers keep a watchful eye and try to coax them toward fruit trees . Learning to forage is another crucial lesson in survival . Back in the massive enclosure , the orangutans undergo enrichment exercises to keep their minds occupied and prolong their feeding time . Success here is critical . Scientists say the Sumatran orangutan will be the first great ape to go extinct . "  The orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species because they have a very slow breeding cycle . Usually an orangutan stays for around 7 to 9 years with its mother , " Pratje says . "  Besides natural mortality , if there is only a little increase in mortality over a longer time already it drives an orangutan population to extinction . " The numbers of Sumatran orangutans have already dwindled to around 6,000 . The main reason for that is habitat destruction . Sumatra has lost 85 percent of its natural forest , mainly due to palm oil and pulp and paper companies , scientists say . The sanctuary , a Frankfurt Zoological Project , is just outside the Bukit Tigapuluh National Park . The lowlands surrounding it are an ideal habitat for orangutans , and it 's where those that have been released are choosing to build their habitats . According to the environmental group WWF , it 's also home to the endangered Sumatran elephant and a quarter of the critically endangered Sumatran tigers left in the wild . But the area , which is not currently protected , is being threatened by pulp and paper companies that want to see the region turned into plantations . So far the government has rejected logging permits , but unless this is declared a conservation area , Pratje and other conservationists fear that could change . So far , more than 100 orangutans have been released here , with just over a dozen more in various stages of training . Pratje has lived here since he established the sanctuary seven years ago , dedicating his entire life to this project . "  It 's like fighting for a member of my family , " he says . "  I love them because they are smart , smarter than other great apes . " But he says the fight is not just about the extinction of a species . The orangutan has become the ambassador for the threatened rainforest . "  If we sacrifice these forests , we may sacrifice our chances for getting medicine for important diseases , " he says . "  The problem is there is no second chance . If you shut down an ecosystem that is hundreds of years old , you ca n't regrow it any longer . "  So this is the last chance . "	Peter Pratje says orangutans in Sumatra are threatened by pulp and paper companies He 's working to introduce orangutans back into the wild "  The orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species , " Pratje says
` SINDH KALAY ' , England  CNN  -- The aroma of freshly baking flatbread wafts through the air as a unit of British soldiers position themselves for a quick patrol around the village of Sindh Kalay . A British soldier on patrol in the mock Afghan village of Sindh Kalay . Market vendors hawk grapes and melons , as a group of village elders sit smoking water pipes and suspicious-looking men lurk beside battered motorcycles . What should the soldiers do ? Conduct a weapons search ? Approach the village elders first ? In the complex political and cultural terrain of Afghanistan , what is the best course of action ? Except this is not Afghanistan . It 's Norfolk , England . Instead of the Hindu Kush mountains , it is the green ladscape and tidy farmhouses of the English countryside that stretch out behind them . Welcome to the British Army 's state-of-the art training ground . It cost more than $ 20 million to build and every British soldier serving in Afghanistan will do his or her training here . "  I think it 's the closest thing you are going to get short of being in Afghanistan itself , " says Col. David Colthup of the 2nd Battalion of the Yorkshire Regiment . His troops have already served one tour of duty in Afghanistan 's Helmand province and are training for another . British troops serving in Helmand province are tasked with mentoring and training Afghan security forces . Not an easy job in a Taliban stronghold and Afghanistan 's center of opium production . "  Ultimately , a soldier joins the army and trains to fight . That 's what a soldier trains to do . But today , it 's a much , much more complex environment , " explains Colthup . "  The business of being able to interact either through an interpreter or through Afghan security forces , whether they are police or army . And to understand how the people operate and how we can interact better with them . Because ultimately , that 's what it 's about , " he says . The most distinctive features of Sindh Kalay are the high three-meter walls that make up the village compound , creating narrow alleyways difficult for troops to patrol . The village is staffed with Afghan asylum-seekers , many of whom have fled the Taliban . They play the roles of market vendors , village elders and sometimes Afghan security forces . Several Afghan women are also on hand , useful for training British soldiers on the religious and cultural sensitivities of entering an Afghan home . Watch British troops training in mock Afghan village " The Taliban insurgents are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers authorized to handle weapons . They play their roles silently , unable to partake in the Pashtun banter among the Afghans . Fazel Beria is also an asylum-seeker from Afghanistan . He is responsible for recruiting and for creating the sights and smells of Sindh Kalay and is easily identifiable as the only Afghan in the market in Western clothes . He beams with pride walking down the bazaar and clearly relishes his role in training the British Army . "  Everything with the culture comes up with the issue of hearts and minds , " he explains . "  If you want to win that , you need to know about their culture . You need to respect their culture , their religion and their way of life . " He gives high marks to the soldiers training so far . After each exercise , the Afghan actors talk directly to the soldiers about what went wrong and what went right . Sometimes , it 's the little things that count . "  Yes , there have been quite a lot of surprises , " Beria says . Like Afghan will sit cross legged for hours . "  The British soldier can not do that , " he laughs . "  The Afghan will be sitting very comfortable and the British soldier is not . So , they have to get used to it . " See photos of British troops on patrol in Sindh Kalay -- and for real in Afghanistan " Previously , the army trained on farmhouses and in urban neighborhoods that resembled Northern Ireland more than Afghanistan . But Sindh Kalay does more than mimic the physical reality of Afghanistan . It also mirrors the changing tactics on the ground . Troops are grilled in IED training by amputees that act out the violence with latex wounds and fake blood . When a new IED tactic is discovered by troops in Afghanistan it is communicated to Sindh Kalay and put into practice immediately . "  Before we had this , it was n't realistic enough , " says Col. Richard Westley , head of training here . "  I think if you 're going to be asking young men and women to go and risk their lives in someone else 's country , then you have a moral obligation to prepare them for that environment . And that 's what this village does . It gives them the isolation and complexity of an Afghan village . Which we ca n't do with farmhouses which represent Western Europe . " Some of the details in the Afghan village do n't quite ring true . The slabs of lamb and beef hanging from the market stalls are plastic , as are the grapes and melons the vendors try and sell to the British soldiers . Still , Sindh Kalay is eerily effective . When soldiers sit down for a "  shura " or meeting with village elders , helicopters buzz overhead and the soldiers seem surprised to be served a homemade yogurt and cucumber drink . But the unit commander ca n't help laughing when one of the Afghan village heads pulls out a "  list of damages " by British troops . It turns out to be a receipt for the local supermarket .	British soldiers train in mock Afghan village before deployment to Afghanistan Village features Afghan asylum-seekers as vendors , elders , Afghan forces Taliban militants are played by Nepalese Ghurkha soldiers Village trains soldiers to understand Afghan customs , respect Afghan culture
CNN  -- Arsenal 's eight-year trophy drought looks set to continue as Arsene Wenger 's men crashed out of the English FA Cup on Saturday losing 1-0 to Championship side Blackburn Rovers at the Emirates . The Gunners , whose last silverware came in the same competition in 2005 , were undone by a Colin Kazim-Richards ' goal in the 72nd minute to send the former Premier League side into the quarterfinal draw . It is the second time this season that Arsenal have been knocked out of a domestic cup competition by opposition from a lower league -- fourth-tier Bradford City beat them on penalties in the League Cup in December . U.S. soccer star ` comes out ' as gay With their league title chances also dead in the water , Arsenal only remaining chance of glory this term is in the Champions League . But they will need to pick themselves up smartly with Bayern Munich arriving at the Emirates on Tuesday for the first leg of their last-16 . "  We do n't need to think too much about the eight season  trophy drought  , " Wenger said after the match . "  The players who played today did n't play eight seasons ago and we must focus on the next game . " Fellow Premier League team Everton also ran into trouble against lower division opposition in their FA Cup tie . David Moyes ' side looked to have succeeded where their Merseyside rivals Liverpool had failed in the previous round , as they led 2-1 into injury time against Oldham Athletic . But a late Matt Smith 's header earned the League One side a replay . On Sunday , Chelsea will look to overcome Brentford in their fourth-round reply while Manchester City and Wigan face Leeds United and Huddersfield respectively in the fifth round . Manchester United play Reading on Monday . Meanwhile in the Bundesliga , Bayern Munich are almost home and dry in their bid for a 23rd title after coasting to another easy win on Friday . Saturday 's fixtures saw no slip ups from the runaway leader 's closest rivals . Second-place Borussia Dortmund kept up their faint hopes of retaining their title with a 3-0 win at home to fourth-place Frankfurt . Third-place Bayer Leverkusen also won on Saturday , beating second-from-bottom Augsburg 2-1 to remain one point behind Dortmund and open up a four-point gap on Frankfurt . Fifth-place Freiburg overcame Werder Bremen 3-2 at the Weserstadion while Hamburg also won -- 1-0 against Monchengladbach . But there was deadlock in the game between Mainz and Schalke . Michel Bastos scored a brace -- the second rescuing a point for the Royal Blues . Greuther Furth remain rooted to the foot of the table after losing 1-0 to Dusseldorf .	Arsenal knocked out English FA Cup by Blackburn Rovers Second time this season that Gunners lose to lower-league team in domestic cup tie Arsenal face crucial Champions League tie against Bayern Munich on Tuesday In Bundesliga , Borussia Dortmund win 3-0 to maintain second place behind Bayern
CNN  -- This month , the world 's political and business elite will converge on Europe 's highest-altitude town for the annual talk-shop that is the World Economic Forum , held this year under the banner of "  resilient dynamism . " The theme , the conference 's organizers make clear , is prescriptive rather than descriptive -- a clarion call to the world 's leaders , rather than an endorsement of their responses to date in addressing the problems afflicting the global economy . "  The ... new reality that we face is a prolonged global economic malaise , particularly in major economies experiencing economic austerity , " Klaus Schwab , the German economist who founded the World Economic Forum  WEF  in 1971 , said in a statement . "  Future growth in this new context requires dynamism -- bold vision and even bolder action . Either attribute -- resilience or dynamism -- alone is insufficient . " While there has necessarily been plenty of resilience in evidence since the last time delegates gathered at the Swiss ski resort , their responses to major issues like the ongoing eurozone sovereign debt crises and the U.S. 's fiscal cliff could hardly be termed dynamic . Those issues are likely to be foremost in the minds of those deemed important enough to be admitted entrance to the event , considered one of the world 's most exclusive . Attendance to Davos is strictly by invitation only , with only 2,600 "  white badges " of attendance issued to representatives from more than 100 countries . Adding to the exclusivity is the hefty price tag to attend . While the white badges are free for invited representatives of certain groups -- heads of state , faith leaders , academics , social entrepreneurs , members of international organizations and news anchors -- for businesses , the cost of a ticket is approximately $ 20,000 . Per-delegate costs can easily rise to double that once travel , accommodation and other expenses are factored in . Among the VVIPs on the guest list will be heads of state , royalty , the CEOs of global corporate giants and the heads of a veritable alphabet soup of international organizations . The delegates will have plenty to talk about . The WEF 's own Global Risks 2013 report -- compiled from an annual survey of more than 1,000 experts and industry leaders -- offers a pessimistic outlook , saying the global community 's ability to address significant challenges , such as global warming , is undermined by the continuing economic weakness plaguing major economies . It identifies income inequality and unsustainable government debts as the two issues most likely to have an effect on the global community over the coming decade , and warns of a major systemic financial failure as the most devastating potential outcome . That weakness in key economic zones is proving stubbornly difficult to remedy . In November , figures were released showing the eurozone has entered a double-dip recession , with the well-documented woes of Greece , Spain , Portugal , Ireland and Italy . Austerity , the bitter medicine that it was hoped would be the cure to Europe 's economic malaise , has not only proved hugely unpopular , prompting millions of Europeans to take to the streets in coordinated mass protests in November -- it is also , in the eyes of many economic experts , not working . IMF managing director Christine Lagarde is among many leading figures who have called for a slowdown in the austerity measures , the impacts of which the organization 's chief economist Olivier Blanchard has said were miscalculated . The only major respite for the eurozone has come courtesy of the "  Draghi effect . " In September , European Central Bank  ECB  president , Mario Draghi , pledged to buy unlimited amounts of short-term debt from struggling eurozone members , in an attempt to shore up the 17-nation currency bloc , provided they accept certain conditions . Nevertheless the pain remains severe in many parts of Europe , with Greece in particular enduring the agony of austerity and recession . Its economy is forecast to have contracted 6 % in 2012 . Meanwhile the prospect of a government bailout continues to hang over Spain , according to market watchers . Compounding the uncertainty surrounding the eurozone 's fourth-largest economy is an upcoming referendum , to be held in 2014 , on whether Catalonia -- the country 's wealthiest and most industrialized region , containing 16 % of the population and producing 19 % of its wealth -- wants independence . Elsewhere in Europe , economists are predicting that Britain -- which is not a member of the eurozone -- will receive a downgrading of its AAA rating this year . That was the result for the United States , as it suffered the first ever downgrade of its AAA rating last year . Despite lawmakers eventually reaching a deal on the fiscal cliff , political divisions look set to remain an impediment to addressing ongoing financial issues , such as the debt ceiling . The U.S. 's borrowing has hit its legal limit of $ 16.394 trillion , prompting the Treasury to resort to "  extraordinary measures " to ensure that the government can pay its bills . If the ceiling is not raised soon , the U.S. faces the risk of defaulting on payments . But despite the painful , drawn-out experience of the fiscal cliff negotiations , indications from political leaders suggest that political partisanship and brinkmanship over financial solutions are set to continue . And in the Arab world , the ramifications of a wave of upheaval that began two years ago is still playing out . Egypt -- the most populous Arab country , geopolitically significant for its relationship with Israel -- showed encouraging signs when it successfully held election for its first democratically elected leader . But President Mohamed Morsy 's assumption of special powers -- a move described by critics as "  dictatorial " -- to push through an Islamist-framed constitution outraged secular and liberal groups , among others , triggering fresh waves of protest from Egyptians disenchanted with how the revolution had played out . The renewed unrest has scared investors , prompting a fresh round of selling of the Egyptian pound , which has hit a series of record lows . His constitution passed , Morsy now faces an economic battle : to tackle his country 's low foreign reserves , 12 % unemployment and a large budget deficit , and revive this geopolitically significant North African economy . The question here , as elsewhere , remains whether 2013 can truly represent a new dawn -- or whether delegates will return to their snowy enclave in Davos in 2014 to address the same set of intractable problems .	The world 's political and business elite are gathering in Davos 2,600 delegates will meet under the theme of "  resilient dynamism " The World Economic Forum 's Global Risks report offers a pessimistic outlook It says economic weakness is hampering the world 's ability to solve problems
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate failed Thursday to approve nearly $ 5 billion for a settlement between the Agriculture Department and minority farmers reached more than a decade ago , prompting finger pointing by members of both parties and outrage among many black farmers . "  We are very , very , very disappointed that we are just caught up in such a larger political fight in the Senate , where it 's just partisan division , " said John Boyd , founder and president of the National Black Farmers Association . "  It seems like for the trains leaving the station in the Senate , they manage not to have the black farmers on them , " Boyd said , calling on President Barack Obama to help break the logjam . The 1997 Pigford v. Glickman case against the U.S. Agriculture Department was settled out of court 11 years ago . Under a federal judge 's terms dating to 1999 , qualified farmers could receive $ 50,000 each to settle claims of racial bias . In July , the House approved a war supplemental bill that included money to pay for the settlement . The attempt to approve the funds Thursday failed in the Senate after Republicans rejected a Democratic unanimous consent agreement to approve the money , with the GOP complaining about how the Democrats planned to pay for the settlement . It was the seventh attempt by the Senate to approve the funds in recent weeks , Boyd said . Prominent members of both parties have voiced support for paying out the settlements . "  Everyone that steps to the microphone says they support the black farmers , " said Boyd . "  But they ca n't put aside their political bickering so the black farmers can get on with their lives . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid blamed Republicans for the impasse . "  Securing justice for those have been wronged should never be a partisan issue , " he said in a Thursday statement . "  But that 's exactly what Republicans have made it . " "  If Republicans can not put aside their obstructionist tactics so that we can settle a non-controversial , non-partisan issue like this , " Reid said , "  on what will they agree to work with Democrats ? " Boyd declined to lay blame at the feet of Republicans alone . "  I think one party is just as responsible as the other , " he said .	The Senate failed to approve nearly $ 5 billion for a settlement with minority farmers The settlement between the Agriculture Department and minority farmers was reached in 1999 Prominent members of both parties have voiced support for approving the funds The National Black Farmers Association blamed both parties for the impasse
CNN Student News  -- November 7 , 2014 There 's a lot of medical information on today 's show . After defining cytology , we tell you about an effort intended to revolutionize the study . And we explore the symptoms and challenges presented by bipolar disorder . For science teachers  and fans  , we 've got a report on a new type of "  suit " that 's helping people build airplanes . And basketball skills net a college freshman a new truck . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Over what California desert did Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo break up during a test flight ? 2 . What place of worship , opened to the public in 1512 , shows some of Michelangelo 's most famous masterpieces ? 3 . In what year did Congress establish Election Day in the U.S. ? 4 . At least how many seats does a political party need in the U.S. Senate to have control of the chamber ? 5 . What piece of sports equipment recently set a Guinness World Record as the longest , measuring more than 20 feet in length ? 6 . The Executive Branch of the U.S. government is controlled by what political party ? 7 . In the U.S. midterm elections , what political party gained control of the Senate and expanded its control of the House ? 8 . In order to override a presidential veto , what fraction of both chambers of Congress must vote to do so ? 9 . What does a cytologist study ? 10 . In what war-torn nation did the U.S. launch a recent airstrike against the Khorasan terrorist group ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
London  CNN  -- Mahdi Hashi came to Britain with his family as a six-year-old , fleeing the civil war in Somalia . He grew up in London . But his family says that when he turned 16 , Britain 's MI5 secret service asked Hashi to become a spy -- willingly or not . "  They always used to tell him , ` you either work for us or you are guilty of being a terrorist , ' " his father , Mohamad Hashi , told CNN . Mahdi Hashi filed an official complaint and his local lawmaker met with MI5 representatives . But , his family says , the pressure persisted . His father , returning from a pilgrimage to the Haj , was stopped at the airport by two people he claims identified themselves as working for MI5 . "  I told them , listen , I 'm on your side . As a father , I do n't want my son to be in danger . And I do n't want him to harm anyone . Put on the table what kind of proof you have against my son . Let 's cooperate and work together as a parent , " he said . "  But they never had anything -- which is what makes me believe that they had another agenda . Which is the one he always mentioned . That they want him to be an informant and work for them . " This pressure was the reason for his son 's return to Somalia , Mohamad Hashi said . "  He never had peace here . He was being harassed all the time . " Mahdi Hashi traveled to Egypt and Syria as a teenager . Then , in 2010 , his family says , Hashi returned to Mogadishu . He got married , had a child and then , in December 2011 , he disappeared . Stripped of citizenship In July last year , his family received a letter from Britain 's Home Office stating that Hashi had been stripped of his citizenship for the "  public good . " "  The reason for this decision is that the Security Service assess that you have been involved in Islamist extremism and present a risk to the national security of the United Kingdom due to your extremist activities , " the letter says . Then , on December 21 , 2012 -- almost a year after he disappeared -- Hashi turned up in a U.S. criminal court in Brooklyn , New York , charged with "  material support " of a terror organization , Al-Shabaab , and allegedly training to be a suicide bomber . Two other men were charged with him . "  As alleged , these defendants are not aspiring terrorists , they are terrorists . They did more than receive terrorist training : they put that training to practice in terrorist operations with Al-Shabaab . Their capture and prosecution are important steps in the continuing campaign against terrorism , " said George Venizelos , the assistant director in charge of the FBI 's field office in New York , in a statement announcing the charges in December . Hashi denies all the charges , according to his American lawyer , Harry Batchelder . A statement from the FBI says Hashi was arrested in "  Africa " by local police in August last year and then handed to the FBI . According to his lawyers , Hashi says he was detained in Djibouti in June . He saw cellmates beaten and tortured with electric shocks there , Hashi says . He claims he was given a choice in Djibouti : Sign a confession or be tortured . Eventually he was turned over to U.S. authorities , who flew him to the United States , Batchelder said . The lawyer cites the FBI as saying he arrived in late November . Hashi 's British citizenship was stripped from him just a short time before he was put on a plane to the United States , Batchelder said . That move is being challenged before a special board of immigration appeal , he said . "  But as of now , the British government has offered no assistance to this matter whatsoever . " ` New and improved rendition ' Hashi 's father does n't understand how his son has ended up in a Brooklyn criminal court . "  He has never been to the United States even for a holiday . He has never threatened the United States . We do n't know why he was taken all the way there , " he said . From his parents ' point of view , he was kidnapped and taken to the United States . Batchelder said Hashi 's case is an example of a disturbing new trend he has heard called "  new and improved rendition . " "  I mean that the agonies that were inflicted in earlier renditions , the government has reacted to that , but they still take people from foreign countries , bring them into the United States , and they 're going to try him here , " the attorney said . "  In my mind , that has long-term ramifications that , if carried out to their logical end , would mean the 20,000 people in Somalia are now eligible to be brought to the United States and tried in a U.S. court . That 's a little bit disturbing , and that 's an understatement . " Because he is no longer considered a British citizen , Hashi has received no help from the British government . His mother told CNN it has changed the way she thinks of her adopted homeland . "  When we came this country , it was  as  you know , asylum seeker , " she said . "  They said you are welcome . And now  they say  you are welcome to be hunted . For our kids , our brothers and sisters . The whole community , not only my son . " Mahdi Hashi is now fighting to regain his British citizenship while in a New York detention center . But exactly how he disappeared off the streets of Mogadishu and reappeared in a Brooklyn courtroom remains a mystery . CNN 's Iona Serrapica and Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Mahdi Hashi 's family wants to know how he came to be charged in a U.S. court Hashi came to Britain as a six-year-old , fleeing Somalia 's civil war His family claims he was pressured by Britain 's MI5 secret service to become a spy He vanished from Somalia in 2011 and reappeared in Brooklyn , charged with terror offenses
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A 31-year-old Ecuadorean man who was beaten last Sunday in what New York City authorities say may have been a hate crime has died at a Queens hospital , his brother said Saturday . Jose Sucuzhanay was beaten after leaving a party at a Catholic church . Jose Sucuzhanay and his brother , Romel , had left a party on December 7 at St. Brigid 's Roman Catholic Church when several men approached them in a car in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn , police said . The men allegedly began shouting anti-gay and anti-Latino vulgarities at the two men . Jose Sucuzhanay suffered severe head trauma and was taken to Elmhurst Hospital . He died Friday night from his injuries . Romel Sucuzhanay , 38 , escaped with minor scrapes and has talked with detectives on the case . City Council Speaker Christine Quinn said she was "  horrified to learn that anti-LGBT  Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual , Transsexual  and anti-Latino slurs were used by one or more of the assailants , raising this event to the level of a hate crime . " Watch how attack has outraged the Latino community " Quinn said she was in touch with the NYPD 's Hate Crimes Task Force . According to police , however , the attack has not been categorized as a hate crime . "  This is a wake-up call and shows how far we still must come to address the devastating problem of hate crimes in our communities , " said Diego Sucuzhanay , Jose 's brother , in a written statement . "  Only by exposing these crimes and working together will we be able to make a difference . " No arrests have been made in the case . Police are offering a $ 22,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of anyone involved in the attack . Sucuzhanay 's mother arrived Saturday in New York from the family 's home outside Quito , Ecuador , only to learn that he son had died , said family spokesman Francisco Moya . He said the victim had lived in the United States for more than a decade and was a legal resident , working as a real estate broker . A news conference is expected to be held Sunday afternoon .	Immigrant dies from injuries sustained in possible bias attack Jose Sucuzhanay , brother assaulted by group of men after leaving party Group allegedly yelled anti-gay , anti-Latino vulgarities at men Mother learned of son 's death shortly after arriving from Ecuador
Today , Iowans will kick off the Republican nominating process for president of the United States with the first-in-the-nation caucuses . But why a Tuesday ? The short answer : We vote on Tuesday for absolutely no good reason . This is true especially when you consider the United States , arguably the world 's most famous democracy , has ranked near the bottom of all nations in voter participation for more than half a century . And that 's not because , as Mitt Romney suggested to me last month , we need great candidates to increase voter turnout . Heard of JFK ? Reagan ? The little-bit-longer answer : We vote on Tuesday because of a law passed in 1845 meant to make voting convenient for Americans traveling by horse and buggy . Seriously . When Congress set out to pick a day for Americans to vote , ultimately settling on the Tuesday after the first Monday in November , voting could take two days : a day to get to the county seat to vote and a day to get back for market day on Wednesday . They could n't travel on the Christian sabbath , so by process of elimination , Tuesday , the first convenient day of the week , was chosen . It was as simple as that . In 2012 , it 's as dumb as that . Just a few weeks ago I sat in Tom Thumb diner in Fort Dodge , Iowa , and as I looked out the window in one of the most fertile farming states in our country , I did n't notice a single Iowan hitting the highway in a horse-drawn carriage . So why are we still voting on a day set for a time when slavery was legal , only white males voted , less than half of our 50 states had been established and "  automobile " was a made-up word ? Since World War II , American voter turnout has averaged under 50 % in federal elections . In 2008 , with unprecedented excitement about the presidential campaign and record money spent by the candidates , voter turnout was about 64 % , not a record , and a third of all eligible voters did n't make it to the polls . To understand the benefits to democracy of weekend voting , all you need to do is look at the nations with the highest voter turnout and realize they vote on weekends or national holidays . In an America where 45 million 18 - to 29-year-olds , the largest potential voting bloc in the country , are in school or at work all day , where single parents have to take care of their kids , and many of us , as much as we want to , are prevented by other obligations from making it to the polls in the middle of the week , it 's clear it 's time to move Election Day to the weekend . Critics and contrarians say that in an age of early and absentee voting , moving Election Day to the weekend is n't necessary . Indeed , that 's exactly what Newt Gingrich said when I met him after my recent meal in Fort Dodge . But as I politely reminded him , absentee and early voting is not allowed in the Iowa caucuses . In about 14 other states , regular voting is still only Tuesday -- and in person , if you do n't have an approved excuse . You do n't have to remind me that moving Election Day is n't a pocketbook or kitchen table issue . I 'm well aware election reform could n't be less sexy or more wonky . Just last week I was asked by Simon Conway , the Iowa radio host , if the push to move Election Day was a "  serious campaign . " I paraphrased what Thomas Paine once said : Voting is the right upon which all other rights are protected That 's exactly why Ambassador Andrew Young , congressional scholar Norman J. Ornstein and Drum Major Institute Chairman Bill Wachtel founded WhyTuesday.org , why U.S. Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , and Sen. Herb Kohl , D-Wisconsin , have introduced the Weekend Voting Act into Congress to move Election Day to Saturday and Sunday , and why I went to Iowa in December to ask our presidential candidates what they 'd do to protect our right to vote . Although he did n't know why we vote when we do , 2012 candidate Rick Santorum said it best : "  I do n't think there 's anything magical about Tuesdays . " Any teenager will tell you that when your computer starts running slow , you do n't sit around and hope that it fixes itself . You upgrade your operating system . The operating system of our nation , our democracy , is broken . There 's certainly no silver bullet that will increase American voter participation . But we 've voted on the same day for 166 years . Our voter turnout is terrible . It 's time the United States upgrades to a voting system 2.0 , and we should start with weekend voting .	Jacob Soboroff : The U.S. ranks near the bottom of all nations in voter participation Soboroff : Tuesday was set in 1845 , to help voters traveling by horse and buggy Nations with highest voter turnout hold elections on weekends or holidays , he writes He says weekend elections would help those in school or working to vote more easily
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- America faces an economic calamity . Trouble brews in faraway lands . Superman # 14 , cover art . Artist : Fred Ray .  c  1941 DC Comics . All rights reserved . Sound familiar ? More than 70 years ago , the very first superheroes debuted in the dire times of the Great Depression and the early years of World War II . Their names became legend -- Superman , Batman  or , as he was then known , the Bat-Man  , Wonder Woman , Captain America -- and they 're still with us today . A new exhibit at the Skirball Cultural Center in Los Angeles celebrates these icons from the Golden Age of Comic Books . Through a collection of rare original artwork and comics , the exhibit explores how a group of mostly Jewish artists created the costumed heroes who came to symbolize the hopes of a beleaguered nation . "  In the 1930s , the American Dream had become a nightmare , and I think comic books and superheroes in particular provided an escapist form of entertainment that allowed the American public to go into a fantasy world where all the ills of the world were righted by these larger-than-life heroes , " says Erin Clancy , a curator at the Skirball . Watch a tour of the exhibit " Guest curator Jerry Robinson not only organized the exhibit , he 's a part of it . The comic book pioneer created Batman 's arch-enemy , The Joker , and named the caped crusader 's sidekick Robin .  Success has many fathers , of course : Bob Kane , credited with creating Batman , has long disputed elements of Robinson 's creation stories . "  We were just emerging from the Depression , " Robinson recalls . "  Superman started in 1938 . Batman started in 1939 . So , we were just recovering . " Robinson says the villains changed with the times . "  The first villains in the comic books were hijackers , embezzlers , bank robbers . It was the era of Pretty Boy Floyd and so forth . Once the war came along , we felt a need for more patriotic heroes to fight Hitler . "  In fact , " he adds , "  Hitler banned American comics , at least Superman and superheroes . He said they were Jewish . Little did he know that the creators were actually Jewish . ... Hitler banned American comics , except one : Mickey Mouse , which was his favorite . " One of the highlights of the collection is Robinson 's original sketch for The Joker . "  My first thought was that a villain who had a sense of humor would be different and memorable , " he says . "  So , I 'm thinking of a name for a villain that has a sense of humor . I thought of ` The Joker ' as a name , and as soon as I thought that , I associate it with the playing card , as my family had a tradition of champion playing ; my brother was a contract champion bridge player . There were always cards around the house . "  So I searched , and luckily it had the typical image of the joker , which came out of a tradition in Europe . This was an important element . Throughout history , we had court jesters , clowns , and so this was an iconic image that was also very useful . " In our own times , the public is turning to costumed heroes again in record numbers . Movies based on comic books are box office leaders ; comic books themselves remain a strong and growing industry . "  I think the comic book superhero came out of a context in which the political , social and economic realties were a little tough , " Clancy says , "  and we can certainly relate to those realities now in our own day . I think the resurgence of popularity of superheroes can be attributed to that . " Last year , audiences made "  The Dark Knight " the second-highest grossing film of all time . The late Heath Ledger , who won a best supporting actor Oscar for his performance as The Joker in that film , spoke with Robinson before he died . "  I was flattered to hear from him that he based the whole concept of The Joker 's persona and rationale on our first concept of The Joker , " Robinson says . With the box office success of "  The Dark Knight " and "  Iron Man " -- plus comic book-inspired films like "  The First Avenger : Captain America , " "  The Avengers " and "  Thor " in development -- it looks like superheroes will continue to inspire . "  I think heroes are back , " Robinson says . "  I think you can almost chart it . The times are not so good -- we 're looking for heroes . " All images and characters copyright DC Comics . DC Comics , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	Superman , Batman , others born during Great Depression , early World War II years New exhibit shows "  golden age " of superhero characters Artist Jerry Robinson , who created The Joker : "  We 're looking for heroes "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Images of a blazing car at the entrance of the terminal building at Glasgow airport were splashed across the front pages of Britain 's Sunday papers , with many warning that Britain is under attack from a new wave of terrorism . How the British press reported the Glasgow attack . The Sunday Mirror published dramatic pictures of a burning man trying to ignite explosives in the vehicle while being sprayed with water by an off-duty policeman . The News of the World had a picture of a "  hero " police officer pinning down a smoldering bomber . The Sunday Telegraph newspaper said Britain was feared to be under terrorist attack for the third time in 36 hours after the attack , and following the discovery of two cars packed with explosive material and nails in London . In an editorial , The Sunday Times newspaper says London and Glasgow appeared to have had a lucky escape . "  The people behind these attempted atrocities clearly have twisted minds . How else to explain an attack directed at "  ladies night " at the Tiger Tiger nightclub ? "  For Islamists -- and there seems little doubt that Muslim extremists were behind the plot -- young women drinking , dancing and enjoying themselves embodies everything they find repulsive about western society . "  There will be other weekends when we fear we will be commenting not on close shaves but on completed terrorist attacks . " The Observer newspaper said Friday 's aborted London bomb attack was "  al Qaeda inspired " and may have been linked to five terrorism suspects who have escaped Home Office control orders and are on the run . The newspaper also reports that former British prime minister Tony Blair had launched a powerful attack on "  absurd " British Islamists who have nurtured a false "  sense of grievance " that they are being oppressed by Britain and the United States . Blair warns that Britain is in danger of losing the battle against terrorists unless mainstream society confronts the threat . "  The idea that as a Muslim in this country that you do n't have the freedom to express your religion ... I mean you 've got far more freedom in this country than you do in most Muslim countries , " Blair told Observer columnist Will Hutton . In an editorial , the newspaper says : "  Some believe that the solution to terrorism is to resolve the myriad grievances the terrorists broadcast so violently . This is a mistake . Many such grievances are imagined -- the West does not want to ` dominate the lands of Islam , ' for example . "  Many more are simply not Britain 's fault ; we are not to blame for the parlous economic state of many Islamic countries . Instead , we should remember that it is our way of life , and the attraction it holds , that remains our best weapon . "  The truth is that our democratic structures , our economy , our values and the society we have built upon them are much stronger than we often think . " E-mail to a friend	Photos of burning cars and burned bombers splashed across UK press Newspapers say they fear a "  new wave " of car bombings and terrorism Former British prime minister Tony Blair attacks "  absurd " British Islamists
CNN  -- The terrorist threat posed by radicalized Muslim - Americans has been exaggerated , according to a study released Wednesday by researchers at Duke University and the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . A small number of Muslim-Americans have undergone radicalization since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , the study found . It compiled a list of 139 individuals it categorized as "  Muslim-American terrorism offenders " who had become radicalized in the U.S. in that time -- a rate of 17 per year . That level is "  small compared to other violent crime in America , but not insignificant , " according to the study , titled "  Anti-Terror Lessons of Muslim-Americans . " To be included on the list , an offender had to have been wanted , arrested , convicted or killed in connection with terrorism-related activities since 9/11 -- and have lived in the United States , regardless of immigration status , for more than a year prior to arrest . Of the 139 offenders , fewer than a third successfully executed a violent plan , according to a Duke University statement on the study , and most of those were overseas . Read the report : "  Anti-Terror Lessons of Muslim-Americans " "  Muslim-American organizations and the vast majority of individuals that we interviewed firmly reject the radical extremist ideology that justifies the use of violence to achieve political ends , " David Schanzer , an associate professor in Duke 's Sanford School of Public Policy and director of the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security , said in the statement . In the aftermath of 9/11 , however , as well as terrorist attacks elsewhere in the world , the possible radicalization of Muslim-Americans is a "  key counterterrorism concern " -- magnified by heavy publicity that accompanies the arrests of Muslim-Americans , such as that seen in the wake of the November shootings at Fort Hood , Texas , in which 13 people were killed . Army psychiatrist Maj. Nidal Hasan , a Muslim born in Virginia , is charged in connection with that incident . Other high-profile incidents include the charging of eight Somali-American men on charges related to what authorities say are efforts to recruit youths from the Minneapolis , Minnesota , area to fight for al-Shabaab , a Somali guerrilla movement battling the African country 's U.N.-backed transitional government . At least two young men from Minnesota have been killed in Somalia , including one who blew himself up in what is believed to have been the first suicide bombing carried out by a naturalized U.S. citizen . In addition , five Americans were arrested last month in Pakistan , and police have said they are confident that they were planning terrorist attacks . A Pakistani court Monday gave police two weeks to prepare their case against the five ; authorities have said they plan to prosecute the youths under the country 's anti-terrorism act . But it is the Muslim-American communities themselves who play a large role in keeping the number of radicalized members low through their own practices , according to the study . Leaders and Muslim-American organizations denounce violent acts , for instance , in messages that have weight within communities . In addition , such communities often self-police -- confronting those who express radical ideology or support for terrorism and communicating concerns about radical individuals to authorities . Some Muslim-Americans have adopted programs for youth to help identify those who react inappropriately to controversial issues so they can undergo counseling and education , the researchers said . "  Muslim-American communities have been active in preventing radicalization , " said Charles Kurzman , professor of sociology at UNC , in the statement . "  This is one reason that Muslim-American terrorism has resulted in fewer than three dozen of the 136,000 murders committed in the United States since 9/11 . " However , "  since 9/11 , there has been increased tension among Muslim-Americans about their acceptance in mainstream American society , " the study said . Muslim-Americans report feeling a stronger anti-Muslim bias from the media as well as from day-to-day interactions . "  While Muslim-Americans understand and support the need for enhanced security and counterterrorism initiatives , they believe that some of these efforts are discriminatory , and they are angered that innocent Muslim-Americans bear the brunt of the impact of these policies . " Steps can be taken to minimize radicalization among Muslim-Americans , the study said . The most important is encouraging political mobilization among Muslims , which helps prevent radicalization and also demonstrates to Muslims abroad "  that grievances can be resolved through peaceful democratic means . " Policymakers should include Muslim-Americans in their outreach efforts , and public officials should attend events at mosques , as they do churches and synagogues , the study recommended . Also , Muslim-American communities should widely disseminate their condemnation of terrorism and violence , and those statements should be publicized , the study said . Law enforcement has a role to play as well , by making efforts to increase the level of trust and communication with such communities . This could include the cultivation of Muslim-American informants , the study suggested , a policy that could be developed and openly discussed with community leaders . Governments can promote and encourage the building of strong Muslim-American communities and promote outreach by social services agencies , the study said . "  Our research suggests that Muslim-American communities desire collaboration and outreach with the government beyond law enforcement , in areas such as public health , education and transportation . " And the Muslim-American community can promote enhanced education about its religion and beliefs , the study said . Increased civil rights enforcement can also be an important tool . However , policies that alienate Muslims may increase the threat of homegrown terrorism rather than reducing it , the study said . "  Our research suggests that initiatives that treat Muslim-Americans as part of the solution to this problem are far more likely to be successful , " said Schanzer . Schanzer , Kurzman and Ebrahim Moosa , associate professor of religion at Duke , co-authored the study , which summarized two years of research involving interviews of more than 120 Muslims in four different communities nationwide -- Seattle , Washington ; Houston , Texas ; Buffalo , New York ; and Raleigh-Durham , North Carolina . The study was funded by a grant from the Department of Justice .	Study released Wednesday by researchers at Duke University and UNC-Chapel Hill 139 people listed as "  Muslim-American terrorism offenders " since 9/11 Summarized research involving interviews of more than 120 Muslims in four U.S. communities Study : Ideology "  that justifies the use of violence for political ends " is roundly condemned
CNN  -- As many as 5,000 people may have passed recently through a Missouri restaurant where an employee with hepatitis A worked while possibly contagious , health officials said Wednesday . Red Robin said the employee last worked on May 16 and that the restaurant has been deemed safe after an inspection by the Springfield-Greene County Health Department . The New Jersey-based restaurant chain did n't say in what area of the restaurant the employee worked but told diners who ate there between May 8 and 16 to call the health department for information about what to do next . "  It scared me because my husband has been sick , " Andrea Hall , a Red Robin customer , told CNN affiliate KOLR . "  And a lot of his symptoms of his matched . A red flag just went off and I was like what do I do from here . " Hepatitis A is usually transmitted via contaminated food or water , or by someone who 's infected , according to the Mayo Clinic . Frequent handwashing is recommended to limit the spread . The highly contagious infection inflames the liver , limiting its ability to function . While mild cases do n't require treatment and the Mayo Clinic says most of those infected recover completely with no permanent liver damage , severe cases can lead to liver failure and death , according to the World Health Organization . Health officials in Springfield said symptoms include fever , nausea , abdominal pain , dark urine and clay-colored bowel movements . Vaccination center set up All workers at the Red Robin have since been innoculated with a immune globulin prophylaxis shot , the restaurant chain said . The health department will run a two-day vaccination clinic at Remington 's , a venue that hosts concerts and trade shows . On its Facebook page , the entertainment complex said 4,000 doses of a vaccine were being shipped there . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the incubation period for hepatitis A is between 15 and 50 days . The CDC says on its website that immune globulin offers protection for about three months for people who get the shot pre - or post-exposure . But the shot needs to be given within two weeks of exposure for maximum protection . Many people already have been given a two-step vaccine , which was introduced in the United States in 1995 . The CDC estimates that 17,000 people contract hepatitis A each year . CNN affiliate KYTV reported that thousands more customers might have been exposed to the virus because the infected employee worked for Red Robin for several months . They should watch for symptoms , the station said . Hepatitis A scare at NYC restaurant prompts 239 to get vaccinated Stores may have received tainted beef	A Red Robin worker in Springfield , Missouri , was diagnosed with an infection The employee last worked on May 16 Shot that offers protection only effective if given within two weeks of infection People who dined before May 8 may have been exposed but it 's too late for them to get a shot
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations Security Council has approved a proposal to send an additional 2,000 soldiers and 1,500 police officers to quake-ravaged Haiti , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Tuesday . By its approval of the plan Monday , "  the council sends a clear signal : The world is with Haiti , " Ban said . He said he was confident that member states would respond quickly in order to get the troops on the ground as soon as possible . "  I believe that the deployment of additional troops and police forces will be done quite quickly , " Ban said . " ... In every aspect of our operation there , we are running against time . " Look for missing loved ones The forces will bolster the approximately 7,000 U.N. soldiers and 2,200 police already assigned there , at least 22 of whom were killed in the January 12 earthquake . About 150 people affiliated with the U.N. remain unaccounted for . Although Tuesday marks a week since the magnitude 7.0 temblor struck , "  there are still lives to be saved , " Ban said . Some 90 victims have been saved by 43 international rescue teams , made up of about 1,700 people . Relief operations and delivery of aid are increasing and becoming better organized , Ban said , although he added , "  For those who have lost everything , of course , help can not come soon enough . " Despite logistical challenges , the situation is improving , he said . New corridors have been cleared on land . Capacity at Port-au-Prince 's airport is improving . And a main port -- rendered unusable by earthquake damage -- is expected to be reopened next week . "  There have been some difficulties and some bottlenecks in delivering our relief items , " Ban said . " ... The situation is overwhelming . " But U.N. personnel are working day and night to overcome hurdles and increase the delivery of aid to Haitians , he said . "  On the ground , we have seen some difficulties when it comes to deliver -LSB- ing -RSB- actual relief items , because of the over-demand and the extraordinary situation . I have seen for myself how many people are without homes and shelters , and we have to work very hard , according to this cluster system , " Ban said . He was referring to the U.N. Cluster System set up for disasters , under which the World Health Organization plays a lead coordinating role for health , the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees or the Red Cross for shelter , and the World Food Programme for food . Watch how UNICEF is trying to help children Twelve cluster systems are up and functioning , Ban said Tuesday , "  so you will see a much improved situation in terms of coordination , in terms of delivering aid to people who need it . " On Monday , daily food rations for 200,000 people were distributed . The World Food Programme 's goal is to reach 1 million people within a week and 2 million within two weeks , he said . "  Our chief priority right now is to get the relief distribution system in Port-au-Prince fully operational so that we may more efficiently distribute supplies -- food , water , medicine , tents and other essential items , " Ban said . How you can help Ban appealed to international nongovernmental organizations and aid groups to work closely with the U.N. in delivering aid . "  We are concerned ... that numbers of unsolicited and uncoordinated supplies and personnel entering the country will stretch limited logistical resources and interfere with the delivery of vital aid , " he said . "  We have already turned our attention to outlying regions , as well as the capital city . As you know , in certain areas , such as Leogane , the situation is every bit as critical , if not more so , than in Port-au-Prince . " See images of the need and relief efforts Asked about a report that fuel for U.N. trucks was scarce , Ban said 10,000 gallons of fuel arrived from the Dominican Republic on Monday night . Alain Le Roy , U.N. peacekeeping director , was asked about reports of looting . It is occurring , Le Roy said , but is not widespread . "  Of course there is looting , but there has been looting in the country for many , many years , even before the earthquake , " he said .	2,000 soldiers , 1,500 police officers to be sent to quake zone Relief operations ' efficiency is improving , secretary-general says World Food Programme hopes to reach 1 million people within a week Ban Ki-moon asks other relief groups to coordinate with U.N.
CNN  -- Congress is about to decide whether to renew unemployment benefits for the long-term jobless . Unless it acts by December 31 , millions who have been unemployed for more than six months will begin losing benefits . With unemployment at nearly 9 % and likely to remain high for the next few years , cutting off benefits for the long-term unemployed would have severe consequences for them and our economy . Several members of Congress , and a few policy analysts and pundits , argue otherwise , saying that eliminating benefits for the long-term unemployed will force millions of Americans back to work and reduce unemployment . But overwhelming evidence refutes these observations . Let 's review some other myths and facts about unemployment insurance : Myth : All unemployed workers receive it . Fact : Two-thirds of America 's 14 million unemployed are not receiving benefits , according to the Economic Policy Institute . While laid-off workers may apply for state-funded benefits , typically lasting up to 26 weeks , those who did not work long enough or earn enough before losing their jobs are ineligible , including millions of low-wage workers . And only those who are out of work for more than six months and live in states with high levels of unemployment are eligible for federally funded programs that may last up to 99 weeks . Myth : Unemployment insurance payments are close or equal to a person 's former income . Fact : Unemployment benefits typically amount to only a fraction of a worker 's previous income . Maximum payments are capped well below most recipients ' prior wages . In mid-2011 , the national average benefit was $ 1,200 a month . The average family spends more than that -- nearly $ 1,400 per month -- just on housing . In Mississippi , average monthly benefits are less than $ 800 . The Heldrich Center for Workforce Development 's national survey of unemployed workers found that almost half described their financial condition as flat-out "  poor , " with most reporting reduced spending on essentials such as food , health care , and transportation . Unemployment is not a "  paid vacation " for those receiving benefits because payments are too small to stave off financial stress . Most long-term unemployed workers have exhausted other strategies , such as borrowing money or drawing down savings . Myth : Unemployment insurance benefits discourage recipients from looking for work Fact : The jobless who received benefits more actively sought work than those who did not receive them , the Heldrich Center 's national survey found . Recipients were more likely than other unemployed workers to apply for jobs , search newspapers and online job boards , contact friends or family members about a job or reach out to potential employers by phone or e-mail . Myth : Unemployment Insurance recipients are waiting for the perfect job and turn down job offers to collect benefits . Fact : Two out of three  69 %  unemployed respondents in the Heldrich Center survey , and 80 % of those who received benefits , said they would be willing to take a pay cut to get a new job . While state-funded unemployment benefit programs permit job seekers to pass up job offers if they are unrelated to their past work experience during the first few months of unemployment , they set time limits on the recipient 's ability to reject lower-paying job offers . Those receiving extended support from the federal government are required to accept reasonable offers of employment Myth : Unemployment insurance benefits increase unemployment . Fact : Research conducted by Jesse Rothstein , a professor at the University of California , Berkeley , and former chief economist at the U.S. Labor Department , found that benefits have a negligible impact on the unemployment rate . In a report published in October , he concluded that extended benefits may raise the re-employment rate of long-term unemployed workers by encouraging them to continue an active job search . There is one other benefit to consider in extending unemployment benefits : When the stimulative economic effect of benefit spending is taken into account , payments lower the unemployment rate because the money people receive from benefits is spent on necessities such as food , clothing and housing . Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody 's Analytics , estimates that every $ 1 spent on unemployment insurance benefits generates $ 1.61 in economic activity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Van Horn .	Carl Van Horn : Ending benefits for long-term jobless would have severe consequences Van Horn dispels myths about benefits making it desirable to stay out of work Recipients more likely to seek work with benefits , which are n't enough to live on , he says Van Horn : Unemployment benefits help fight job loss since recipients spend money
In "  The Obamas , " the new book causing a stir with its speculation about the extent of the first lady 's political influence , author Jodi Kantor recounts an anecdote : A young schoolgirl tells Michelle Obama that she hopes to someday become a president 's wife herself one day . "  Does n't pay well , " Mrs. Obama wittily cracks . Truth be told , pay is the least of the drawbacks of being a first lady . The unelected , unaccountable and unofficial position has been challenging presidential spouses for more than two centuries now . I 've spent years researching and interviewing first ladies , but it was Hillary Clinton who best crystallized for me the essential reality of what it means to be first lady : "  Who I really am as a person is ultimately less important to the public than what they want me to represent as a persona . " This was as true for mental health care reform advocate Rosalynn Carter in the 1970s as it was for the happy hostess Julia Grant a century earlier . Michelle Obama articulated her own frustration with this the other day , for seeming , she said , to have been cast as "  some kind of angry black woman . " There is truth in Mrs. Obama 's observation ; her historic status as the first African-American first lady has made her at times a target for unfair stereotype and very ugly treatment . But casting the first lady as "  the other " -- that is , outside the concept of the Anglo-Saxon as acceptably "  American " -- has a long history . Almost a century ago , when the press widely reported that Edith Wilson was from the "  Red Bolling family , " as the great-great-great-great-great-great-great-granddaughter of Princess Pocahontas , even serious journalists ignored the fact that it meant only one of her 512 ninth-generation ancestors was a Native American . Instead , it prompted members of the public to send her Native American items like a beaded belt and write to government officials warning that it was illegal for the first lady to be served alcohol . As late as the 1960 election , when the Catholicism of Democratic presidential candidate John F. Kennedy finally broke through the nation 's historic anti-papist sentiment , the campaign of his opponent , Richard Nixon , soft-pedaled his wife 's ethnic and religious background . Not only was Pat Nixon the daughter of a German immigrant mother , but also of an Irish Catholic father . Kennedy 's campaign may not have been able to conceal that Jacqueline Kennedy was Catholic too , but at least her "  Bouvier " maiden name offered legitimate exotic cover for the larger reality of her background : She had only one French paternal great-grandparent , and her "  Lee of Virginia " mother was not of the famous blue-blood clan , but rather had briefly lived in the Old Dominion for a college term and was as Irish as the Kennedys . Mamie Eisenhower ? Despite her widely distributed Swedish Christmas cookie recipe , even she never acknowledged her grandparents as immigrants from Sweden . At other points , societal judgments of the first ladies served well as veiled partisan attacks on their husbands . In an earlier time , the worldly , abolitionist Mary Lincoln of the wealthy Kentucky Todd clan would have been idealized as a Southern belle hostess . But married to the Union 's president during the Civil War , she was maliciously caricatured as a racist secretly loyal to the Confederacy . And William McKinley , realizing that disclosure of his wife Ida 's epilepsy would fix her with a label of "  insanity , " avoided the ignorant presumption by asserting that she was an "  invalid , " as evidenced by her use of a wheelchair or cane . The 1828 campaign editorials shaming Rachel Jackson as morally unfit because her first marriage had ended in divorce were central to the character attacks on her husband , Andrew Jackson . Nearly 100 years later , such judgment was still so strongly feared for its political liability that Florence Harding outright lied to the press with her claim of having been widowed by her first husband , not divorced . By 1976 , however , Betty Ford 's first marriage ending in divorce was not an issue , and neither was the earlier divorce of presidential candidate Ronald Reagan . As time moves on and American life and demographics evolve , so too will the perceptions of wives in the White House . However , hurtful remarks or hateful racism aimed at the current first lady may feel to Americans of many different backgrounds so shaming as to force a tipping point in history . One can hope it will finally help reduce the rhetoric of future generations about presidential spouses based on their origins , appearance -- even gender . Join CNN Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on Twitter .	Carl Anthony says a new book about the Obamas points up tough job of first lady He says job is societal minefield ; Michelle Obama worries she 's cast as an "  angry black woman " He says first ladies have long endured stereotypes , been used for political jabs at their spouses Anthony : Hurtful remarks about Obama may shame people into leaving first ladies alone
CNN  -- Chris Froome had claimed it was a tougher ask to defend his Tour de France title than win it for a first time and so it proved , the Briton retiring after a third crash in the space of two days . Evens favourite to defend his Tour title at Saturday 's race start , Froome had crashed just four kilometers into Tuesday 's stage damaging his left wrist and ripping skin off his left hip and buttock . Tour doctor Florence Pommerie declared him fit to race on , an X-ray showing no broken bones . But in torridly wet conditions during Wednesday 's fifth stage , Froome crashed twice more after 29 and 85 kilometers , this time taking skin off the right-hand side of the body and forcing him to limp into his Team Sky car holding his wrist -- and out of the race . Froome 's teammate Geraint Thomas had warned of the treacherous conditions that lay ahead on the stage , much of which was on cobblestones , saying : "  Nobody is looking forward to it . "  It 's like riding on ice , especially with some of the corners as well . It 'll be the last man standing . It 's going to be a nightmare . " Nightmare it was for Team Sky as Froome crashed three kilometers before even the first of nine cobbled sections on the stage , which makes up much of the Paris-Roubaix classic , better known as "  the Hell of the North " , his team announcing his official retirement via Twitter . Two sections of the cobblestones -- or pave -- were scrapped by race organizers because of the treacherous conditions , which Sky team boss Sir Dave Brailsford described as "  the wisest decision . " Froome 's withdrawal is potentially awkward for Brailsford given he omitted 2012 Tour winner Sir Bradley Wiggins from Team Sky because of the potential negative dynamic within the team due to his previously fractious relationship with Froome . In good form and a former Tour winner , Wiggins would have been an obvious Plan B but that task may now rest on the shoulders of Australian Richie Porte , Froome 's close friend and near neighbor in Monaco . Froome 's abandonment is a major blow for race organizers of an event billed by many as a head-to-head between Froome and Spain 's Alberto Contador . Wednesday 's stage was won by Belgian rider Lars Boom while race leader Vicenzo Nibali extended his lead by finish just 19 seconds back in third . Nibali now leads the race from Astana teammate Jakob Fuglsang by two seconds .	Chris Froome is forced to abandon on stage five of the Tour after a third crash The defending champion had already begun the day 's racing with a damaged wrist Teammate Geraint Thomas had previously warned about the dangers in the torrid weather It leads to question marks over Team Sky 's selection after 2012 winner Wiggins was omitted
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The original judge has been dead for 15 years , and no one has been able to find the criminal case file since 2004 . Yet a 1977 sex scandal involving famed director Roman Polanski and a 13-year-old girl continues to stalk the courts of Los Angeles . Academy Award-winning director Roman Polanski has n't left France in 30 years because of a U.S. fugitive warrant . Attorneys for the 75-year-old Academy Award-winning director asked a judge Tuesday to put the matter to rest once and for all . But a judge denied the request , saying the director must show up in court to obtain a ruling . That poses problems for Polanksi because prosecutors have vowed to seek his arrest on a bench warrant the minute he sets foot in the United States . The bench warrant was issued when Polanski failed to appear for sentencing more than 30 years ago . Lawyers Douglas Dalton and Chad Hummel last month filed a 239-page dismissal "  request , " citing allegations brought to light in the documentary , "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired . " The documentary was first broadcast in June on HBO , which shares a corporate parent with CNN . The court filing alleges that a meddling prosecutor who believed Polanski should be behind bars improperly influenced a judge to ignore the terms of a plea bargain , as well as the wishes of the district attorney 's office , the probation officer and the victim . None of them wanted Polanski to serve jail time . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski , who has lived in exile in France since 1977 , shows up in court . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said in court . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely , a decision that did n't surprise legal experts who said such rulings are extremely rare . "  You have to give -LSB- Polanski attorney -RSB- Chad Hummel the creative lawyering of the year award , " said legal analyst Laurie Levinson , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles . Espinoza in effect said he was tossing out the request without considering whether it has merit because Polanski has n't shown up for court . But he suspended his ruling , writing that "  if the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of this Court within 30 days , the Court shall consider the merits of the motion . " Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Larry Silver , the victim 's lawyer , said he was disappointed in the ruling and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the incident . Levinson said the victim 's support may offer a sliver of hope for Polanski . "  The best thing he has going is the victim , " she said . "  In this age of victims ' rights , if I were the lawyer I would be playing that card too . " But prosecutors have consistently argued that dismissing the Polanski case would be a miscarriage of justice , allowing a man who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child " to go free . Polanski 's attorneys back up the allegation with a DVD of the documentary , a script , a copy of Polanski 's 1977 pre-sentencing report and various court transcripts , interviews and declarations . They paint a picture of backroom conversations between a prosecutor itching for a piece of the case and a judge so image conscious that he kept a scrapbook of media clippings , asked lawyers to "  stage " Polanski 's sentencing hearing and feared criticism if he did n't send the director to prison . Allegations of prosecutorial and judicial misconduct are commonly raised on appeal , but only a small percentage of these appeals succeed . Polanski pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . The director , his lawyer and the prosecutor handling the case believed they 'd hammered out a deal that would spare the young victim a public trial and Polanski jail time , according to the filing . The first surprise came when Judge Laurence J. Rittenband sent Polanski to prison for "  diagnostic testing " to determine whether he was what then was called a "  mentally disturbed sex offender . "  The results came in after Polanski spent 42 days at a maximum security prison . He was n't . The second surprise came on the eve of sentencing , when Rittenband informed the attorneys that he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanksi fled the United States and has been living in exile in France ever since . Previous attempts to resolve the case failed , including a recently disclosed secret negotiation in 1997 . The sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to come to court because he would face almost certain arrest the moment he set foot in the United States . As a director , Polanski is best known for the films "  Rosemary 's Baby , " "  Chinatown " and "  The Pianist , " a 2002 drama about the Holocaust that won him the Oscar for best director . But he is also known for a personal life tinged with tragedy . He was born in France and moved to Poland with his parents as a small child . Later , he escaped Krakow 's Jewish ghetto and hid from the Nazis with the help of strangers . His mother died at Auschwitz . He endured the anti-Semitism of post-war Europe , attended film school and directed "  Knife in the Water , " which won a 1963 Oscar nomination for best foreign-language film . He then came to Southern California to make "  Rosemary 's Baby . " As he was making his mark in Hollywood , Polanski was also making headlines in connection with two lurid Los Angeles crimes in the 1960s and '70s . Polanski was filming in Europe when members of Charles Manson 's "  family " butchered the director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others in August 1969 . Eight years later , he stood accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " She added , "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing . " Huston said Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " As she has from the beginning , the victim says Polanksi should n't go to prison . Samantha Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three children , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Earlier this month she filed a court declaration accusing prosecutors of victimizing her yet again by publicizing graphic details of the sexual encounter . The makers of the documentary also talked with people who played roles behind the scenes . From those interviews , the tale of alleged backroom dealings emerged . Former prosecutor David Wells was regularly assigned to Rittenband 's Santa Monica courtroom . He handled routine matters and told the filmmakers he had the judge 's ear . "  I was in the court every day , " he said in an interview with the filmmakers . "  So Rittenband -LSB- would -RSB- ask me questions about the thing because he counted on me , or whoever was his favorite DA at the time , to advise him on what the -- what the law was , criminal law . He was very good at civil law , but criminally , he left that to his DAs to do . " Although he was involved in the early stages of the investigation , Wells was taken off the Polanski case . He said he was "  miffed " at the way it was handled because he believed Polanski should go to jail . Wells recommended the 90 days of diagnostic testing to the judge because Polanski would be in a prison setting but could n't appeal , he said . Wells told the filmmakers he showed the judge a photo of the director at an Oktoberfest celebration while the sentence was pending . "  I took the picture into Judge Rittenband . I said , ` Judge , ' I said , ` Look here . He 's flipping you off ... ' And I said , ` Have n't you had enough of this ? ' And then he exploded and what happened happened . " Polanski 's attorneys said the conversations were improper "  ex parte " communications -- and nothing short of prosecutorial misconduct . Legal ethics and rules of criminal procedure usually bar one party in a case from discussing it with the judge unless the other side is present . Wells could not be reached for comment . His voice mail was full , and was not accepting new messages . But he recently told the Los Angeles Times that he did nothing wrong and that he still strongly feels Polanski should go to prison . It will be Judge Peter Espinoza 's call on how to handle a celebrity case that appears to have been snakebitten from the start . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge denies motion to throw out charges , at least until director appears Roman Polanski fled U.S. before his sentencing in '70s Director acknowledged having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor Previous attempts to resolve the 1977 sex case have failed
CNN  -- Democratic Senator Wendy Davis took to the floor of the Texas Senate at 11:18 a.m. in pink tennis shoes and began what she hoped would be a nearly 13 hour filibuster of an abortion bill . As the day went on , the story of Senator Davis ' filibuster caught fire on Twitter , and by the evening it was trending worldwide . There were at least 730,000 total tweets about the filibuster on Tuesday . The excitement peaked at 11:58 p.m. central time , just two minutes before the midnight deadline , with 5,776 tweets per minute about the story , according to Twitter . Ultimately , after much confusion , it worked . Senate leaders tried to push a vote through , but did n't do so until a couple of minutes after midnight and , around 3 a.m. , the state 's legislature declared a special session over . It even caught the attention of the official President Obama Twitter account , which tweeted out "  Something special is happening in Austin tonight " with a link to The Texas Tribune during the filibuster 's ninth hour . Senate Bill 5  SB 5  would ban abortions after the 20th week of a pregnancy . According to opponents , new abortion clinic standards in the bill would effectively shutter 37 of the state 's 42 abortion clinics . The bill would give Texas some of the most restrictive abortion laws in the country . Strict senate rules for filibusters added to the drama . According to the rules , Senator Davis was not allowed to sit down , take a restroom break , go off topic or even lean . By 10:30 p.m. , the YouTube channel live streaming the special senate session passed 100,000 viewers , and the number jumped when Senator Davis was found to be in violation of senate rules for straying off topic . It was her third violation , which opened the window for a vote on whether or not she must cease the filibuster . Other senators who opposed the bill filled the remaining time with questions and points of order to run out the clock . With fewer than five minutes left until the midnight deadline and an outcome still murky , the YouTube live stream had more than 180,000 viewers glued to their screens . On Twitter , the topic was trending worldwide . At different points during the evening , #standwithwendy , #SB5 , #texlege "  Wendy Davis , " "  Texas , " "  Robert 's Rules of Order " and "  Midnight in Texas " were all trending on the social network . The #standwithwendy hashtag had 400,000 mentions on Tuesday , according to Twitter . Senator Davis ' Twitter account was silent while she was on the floor , but her number of followers jumped from just under 6,000 to more than 48,000 during the course of the day , an 8x increase . Twitter also served as a rallying point for local protestors , who increased in numbers throughout the day to fill the senate chambers and line the rotunda . Many posted photos and Vines of the crowds . Chanting could be heard inside and outside the senate at midnight , when the floor erupted in confusion as it appeared senators were still taking a vote , even though the deadline had passed . .	A filibuster of a Texas abortion bill was trending worldwide on Twitter Democratic Senator Wendy Davis stood and spoke for 10 hours against the bill More than 180,00 people tuned into a live stream of the proceedings on YouTube
CNN  -- Intense black smoke billowing from the flames of an oil fire blocks out the sun . A teenage mom with a one-day-old baby seeks shelter in a dimly-lit basement from a barrage of missiles and shells . Incoming fire smashes through the wall of a house being used as an unofficial media center in Homs , the city that is the focus of anti-regime protests and Syrian efforts to silence them . The horror of enduring the all-out assault by the Syrian military is brought vividly to life in a CNN documentary airing this weekend . With the help of local activists , a CNN crew was smuggled into Homs , moving from house to house as the Syrian army fired missiles and tank shells . For more than a year President Bashar al-Assad 's military had used brutal force to put down the uprising . Across Syria , protesters demanded change -- chanting "  down with the regime " but it was Homs -- and especially the neighborhood of Baba Amr -- that became the epicenter . Even CNN correspondent Arwa Damon , with her vast experience of reporting from war zones , had reservations about the high-risk job . She said : "  I actually wrote a letter home the first time , to my family . And I went to see some very close friends as well , just in case . " She was joined by Neil Hallsworth , a veteran cameraman who has worked in Iraq , Afghanistan and Israel , and Tim Crockett , a former special forces officer to handle security and who would also become an unofficial stills photographer . Just getting into Homs was an ordeal that took five days for what would normally be a two-hour drive . Damon said : "  It involves a fairly elaborate process of being moved through farmlands , back roads , trying to avoid the government , ending up in various safe houses . And at every single leg , every single stop , you have a different person who 's responsible to move you on to the next one , someone who knows the details of the lay of the land around you to ensure that they can actually get you through from one point to another . " For the thousands trapped in Baba Amr , the route was their only lifeline and CNN agreed to keep it secret . In Homs , there was no frontline meaning there was also nowhere that could be called safe . Damon said : "  It -LSB- seems -RSB- mostly deserted , most of the buildings have sustained some sort of damage . And then you 'll see a kid peek their head out from a doorway , or you 'll see a man walking in the street carrying an A.K. " Some of the most constant fire has been on Baba Amr where people are killed or wounded daily , and where two doctors -- and one of those was a dentist -- are fighting against the odds to help the casualties . In a makeshift clinic there was a man with head injuries from shrapnel , another whose leg injury was most likely going to lead to an amputation . The medics say the Syrian military regards the clinic as a target so they have set up in numerous temporary houses around Baba Amr , each with patients and with the doctors moving between them . But snipers posted on rooftops above the rubble-littered streets made even the shortest of trips treacherous . Mosques put out messages before the bombardment started , telling people to not live on the upper floors , to try to stay away from windows , and to try to find protective rooms , inside their homes . In basements used as bunkers , civilians pray the next bomb will miss their home and their loved ones . In one of these bunkers , the CNN crew met a teenager who had given birth the day before . Her daughter Fatimah was the face of innocence amid the hell of Homs . Her father does not know she 's been born . He left the shelter to get supplies a month ago and has not made it back . And her gran trembled as she explained how two other relatives died . Virtually everyone in the shelter -- about 300 people -- had similar horrific stories of violent death . And it was easy to learn how death could come arbitrarily and suddenly in Homs and how survival was as much luck as anything else . Working in a home that had become an unofficial media center for the few Western journalists that have made it into Homs , a rocket slammed into the building just two floors up . Also in Baba Amr was Sunday Times correspondent Marie Colvin who would be killed alongside French photographer Remi Ochlik just a few days later . Throughout Baba Amr , word was spreading that a ground offensive by the Syrian military was imminent . And for CNN it was becoming too dangerous to let Damon , Hallsworth and Crockett stay . Damon said : "  It is fundamentally unfair that we live in a world where we can go film this , report on it , and leave , knowing that the people we 've left behind 's suffering is going to continue . Feeling as if we should 've done more , we could 've done more . " Hundreds of civilians are believed to have died in the siege of Baba Amr . At least three activists involved in getting video out of Baba Amr have been killed . At the end of February , the Syrian military broke the resistance of Baba Amr . Opposition activists claim the military carried out summary executions . Regime forces continue to bombard other areas that oppose Assad 's rule .	CNN crew explains how they were smuggled into Homs , Syria , to witness a brutal crackdown on regime opponents After a year of protests across Syria , Homs was the focus of a military effort to quash the uprising Women live in basements , snipers kill from rooftops , medics battle the odds in chaos A home being used as a media center was targeted by the Syrian military surrounding the city
London  CNN  -- Three more people were arrested Saturday in connection with last week 's grisly killing of British soldier Lee Rigby , police said . The men were being held on suspicion of conspiracy to commit murder , the Metropolitan Police said in a statement . Police did not detail how they were allegedly tied to the killing , nor did they release their identities , saying only that the men -- ages 21 , 24 and 28 -- were arrested by detectives from the Counter Terrorism Command and taken to a south London police station . Police said a Taser was used on two of the men , who "  did not require hospital treatment . " Police also were carrying out search warrants at four residential addresses associated with the three men , the statement said . The brutal slaying Wednesday of Rigby near the Royal Artillery Barracks in Woolwich , a working-class neighborhood in southeast London , shocked people across the United Kingdom . One of the two suspects arrested at the scene approached a man filming the scene in the Woolwich neighborhood and suggested that Rigby had been targeted only "  because Muslims are dying daily " at the hands of British troops such as him . "  We must fight them as they fight us . An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth , " he said in the video aired by CNN affiliate ITN . Britain 's armed forces have served in Iraq and Afghanistan . All its combat troops are due to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Another man , 29 , who was arrested Thursday on suspicion of conspiracy to murder in connection with the Woolwich investigation was released on bail , police said Saturday . BBC arrest British counterterrorism police arrested a man who said he was a friend of a suspect in the Woolwich soldier killing , after he gave an interview to the BBC on Friday night , the British broadcaster said . The man , Abu Nusaybah , was arrested on suspected terrorism offenses after telling on air how his friend had been approached by Britain 's domestic intelligence service , known as MI5 , according to the broadcaster . A BBC staffer , who did not want to be named , told CNN that police were inside the BBC Broadcasting House building in central London waiting for the interview to conclude before they made the arrest . Friends , acquaintances and British media identified 28-year-old Michael Adebolajo , a British national of Nigerian descent , as the suspect seen in a gory video from the scene of the Woolwich killing . Authorities have not identified that individual or the 22-year-old man seized with him at the scene by armed police . Both suspects were shot and remain in hospital . A Scotland Yard spokesman told CNN the arrest at the BBC was not connected to the murder investigation in Woolwich . The attack has sparked concerns that anti-Muslim sentiment may flare up in communities angered by the killing of the soldier , drummer Lee Rigby . Members of a far-right group , the English Defence League , called for Muslims to leave Britain as they rallied in Newcastle , northern England , on Saturday . The protest march came only hours after a group that monitors anti-Muslim abuse told CNN of a big spike in reported incidents in the past two days . ` Changed and withdrawn ' In the interview with BBC 's "  Newsnight , " Abu Nusaybah said MI5 had approached Adebolajo in the past year , asking if he wanted to work for them . Adebolajo rejected the approach , according to his friend . Abu Nusaybah said the contact from MI5 occurred last year after Adebolajo returned from a visit to Kenya during which he was detained by security forces . Adebolajo told his friend that he was physically assaulted and sexually threatened during his detention . CNN is working to independently verify the allegations made by Abu Nusaybah about his friend 's treatment in detention . Abu Nusaybah went on to say that Adebolajo appeared changed and withdrawn after his return from Kenya . The pair first met in 2002 , he said . Abu Nusaybah had converted to Islam in late 2004 and Adebolajo followed suit about four months later , he said . A security source told CNN that "  we would never comment " on the kind of allegations made in the interview . London 's Metropolitan Police Service said a 31-year-old man had been arrested in London on Friday night on terrorism-related offenses , but following standard practice , would not give the arrested man 's name . Officers from Counter Terrorism Command arrested the man under the Terrorism Act , on suspicion of the commission , preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism . He was taken to a south London police station , where he remains in custody , a police statement said . Search warrants were being executed at two homes in east London , police said . Kenya arrest Kenyan counterterrorism sources told CNN on Saturday that Adebolajo traveled to Kenya in November 2010 and was arrested in the coastal town of Lamu for trying to cross illegally into Somalia . A spokesman for the Kenyan government said Sunday that Adebolajo used the name Michael Olemindis Ndemolajo when he was arrested and taken to a court in Mombasa . Kenyan officials turned him over to British authorities in Kenya when they discovered he was a British citizen , Muthui Kariuki said . "  He was interrogated by British security officials , " he said . Lamu is part of an area near the Somali border that has been the stage for attacks by armed gangs and suspected operatives from the al Qaeda-linked Al-Shabaab militant group . No charges were filed against Adebolajo , according to the Kenyan media . The British Foreign Office said : "  We can confirm a British national was arrested in Kenya in 2010 .  We  provided consular assistance as normal for British nationals . " It 's not clear whether Adebolajo may have traveled to the region on more than one occasion . CNN understands that one line of inquiry being examined in the Woolwich terror investigation is that Adebolajo might have attempted -- but failed -- to travel to Somalia some time last year . Al-Muhajiroun connections claimed A self-proclaimed former radical associate of Abu Nusaybah told CNN terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank he had been a follower of the group Al-Muhajiroun , a British group of Islamic extremists virulently opposed to UK intervention in Iraq and openly supportive of al Qaeda . The former associate -- who spoke to CNN on condition of not being named -- spent time with Abu Nusaybah in Al-Muhajiroun study groups in Luton , a town north of London , in the years leading up to the July 7 , 2005 , attacks on London 's transit system , he said . At the time , Adebolajo himself was a follower of the group and attended meetings in London , according to several Al-Muhajiroun insiders , before moving away from the group two or three years ago . "  Abu Nusaybah was very quiet , always smiling , and very religious , " said his former friend , who has now shed his radical views . He said their circle of friends in Luton included Taimour Abdulwahab al Abdaly , who carried out a suicide bombing in Stockholm in December 2010 in which he was the only fatality . He said Abu Nusaybah had connections to a group of Somali extremists in Luton . It is understood that the two individuals suspected in the knife and cleaver attack were known to Britain 's domestic security service . They had featured in previous investigations into other individuals , but were not themselves under surveillance . CNN 's Lonzo Cook , Neda Farshbaf , Victoria Eastwood , Zain Verjee , Bharati Naik , Dan Rivers , Jonathan Wald and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Kenyan government says suspect was arrested in 2010 , handed over to British Three more arrests have been made in connection with the killing , police say Police arrest a 31-year-old man in London on terrorism-related offenses The man told the BBC that one of the Woolwich murder suspects was approached by MI5
CNN  -- The Oxford English Dictionary has finally gotten around to acknowledging that tweeting is n't just for the birds . In its latest update , the dictionary that describes itself as "  the accepted authority on the evolution of the English language over the last millennium " has revamped the entry for "  tweet " to include its social networking usage . Although the move may seem behind the curve given the widespread use of "  tweet " to refer to activity on Twitter , the dictionary 's chief editor says he 's actually broken one of its rules by including it so soon . "  A new word needs to be current for ten years before consideration for inclusion , " John Simpson wrote on the dictionary 's website . "  But it seems to be catching on . " The dictionary 's entry for tweet now includes the verb -- "  to make a posting on the social networking service Twitter " -- and the noun -- "  a posting made on the social networking service Twitter . " They sit alongside the well established bird-related definitions of the word , whose traces go as far back as the 16th century , according to the dictionary . By recognizing that people can tweet , too , the main Oxford English Dictionary is playing catch up with its smaller , snappier cousin , the Concise Oxford English Dictionary . The concise dictionary , a different product that seeks to be "  progressive and up to date , " already included the word "  retweet " -- meaning to repost or forward a message posted by another user on Twitter -- in its 12th edition in 2011 . But the mother dictionary , which began life in the 19th century and contains information on more than 600,000 words , tends to move more cautiously in adding and revising entries , something it does four times a year . It has nonetheless ingested several new tech-related words in this month 's update , along with "  tweet . " They include "  big data , " "  crowdsourcing , " "  e-reader " and "  mouseover . " And in a belated nod to 1990s pop culture , the dictionary has also just added the Bart Simpson catchphrase "  to have a cow . " Simpson -- the dictionary 's editor , not the cartoon character -- points out that while Bart made the slang term popular , its use can be traced back to 1959 . That means it took more than half a century to find its way into the dictionary 's pages , a far longer journey than the rapid rise of the non-avian "  tweet . " It 's settled ! Creator tells us how to pronounce ` GIF '	The Oxford English Dictionary revises its entry for "  tweet " It now includes verb and noun definitions related to Twitter use The dictionary 's editor says adding the word so soon breaks one of its rules Its cousin , the Concise Oxford English Dictionary , already added "  retweet " in 2011
Mashable  -- Dell Inspiron Duo , the hybrid tablet that flips open to become a netbook , is due for a launch next week , CNET has learned from sources familiar with the matter . The Duo is a Windows 7 machine with a dual core Intel Atom CPU , a 10-inch touchscreen , and a full QWERTY keyboard which is revealed when you flip the lid open . Close it , and you have a device that looks and operates pretty much like a regular tablet . According to CNET , the Inspiron Duo will be launched "  early next week " , possibly on November 23 . Check out a teaser trailer for Dell Inspiron Duo here . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Dell Inspiration Duo is the hybrid tablet that flips open to become a netbook CNET says Inspiron Duo will be launched "  early next week , " possibly on November 23 Tablet has a dual core Intel Atom CPU and 10-inch touchscreen
CNN  -- The subject of erotica has a way of making people uncomfortable . Some might break into schoolboy titters in the face of mature art -- a harmless enough response when you stop to think that in the past , artists with a penchant for sexual depictions have actually been killed  or very nearly  . Reverend Ted McIlvenna -- who , with 28 warehouses storing more than three million pieces of erotica , may own the world 's largest collection -- recalls the life of Alexander Szekely , a Hungarian artist and collector who was ultimately put to death for his racy sketches . "  His work was hidden away for 30 years , and it 's absolutely gorgeous stuff , " says McIlvenna . In more recent history , there was the attempted shooting of pornography kingpin Larry Flynt , which left him paralyzed from the waist down . "  Erotic art has n't had an easy route , " admits McIlvenna , whose own trajectory has been anything but ordinary . An ordained Methodist minister , McIlvenna became a purveyor of the art form during the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 70s , when he was often called in as an expert witness in a series of obscenity trials directed at the porn industry . In 1976 , he founded the Institute for Advanced Study of Human Sexuality , where he currently houses some of his collection , and offers degrees in subjects of public health and sexological research . His interest , McIlvenna claims , is mainly academic , and while such a statement might draw ridicule in some circles  like claiming to read Playboy for the articles  , he maintains that open access to erotica is pivotal not only in fostering an open society , but in education as well . "  I believe sex education through the arts is incredibly important . As I see it , the arts are a good way to help people to be less judgmental . It also helps give people an idea of what they can and ca n't do sexually , and I believe that everybody deserves a good sex life , " he says . Over the years , a handful of sex-themed museums have popped up globally , aimed at forging a more open conversation on the topic . Here are some of the more unique offerings around the world . Harry Mahoney 's Erotic Heritage Museum  Las Vegas Formerly the Erotic Heritage Museum , this 24,000-square-foot space dedicated to all things sex closed its doors in February due to a falling out between the museum 's founder and McIlvenna -- who loaned a good share of his collection . The good news is , the space reopened a couple months ago and , in addition to some of McIllvena 's pieces , it will also exhibit examples of sexual hypocrisy in politics , religion and entertainment , strange sexual practices , insect genitalia and the history of sexology . Harry Mahoney 's Erotic Heritage Museum , 3275 Industrial Rd , Las Vegas ; +1 702 794 4000 The Icelandic Phallological Museum  Reykjavik Did n't know phallology was a real thing ? That 's because it was n't , until Sigurdur Hjartarson coined the term  which , incidentally , refers to the study of penises  . Hjartarson founded the Icelandic Phallological Museum in 1997 , a one-of-a-kind institution dedicated to the collection of mammal phalluses . Today his son Hjortur , who has grown the offerings to include 283 pieces , including a human specimen and a 165-pound , 5.5-foot long sperm whale penis , runs the museum . "  The museum 's role is to display mammalian penises in an informative and educational way , and to lift the taboo surrounding this part of the mammal anatomy , " says Hjortur . The Icelandic Phallological Museum , Laugavegur 116 , Reykjavik , Iceland ; +354 561 6663 Venustempel  aka , Sexmuseum Amsterdam  and Red Light Secrets  Amsterdam It 's hardly surprising that Amsterdam , often deemed one of Europe 's freest cities due to legalized prostitution , is home to two sex-themed museums . Venustempel  Temple of Venus  has the honor of being the world 's oldest and longest-running institution of this type . It 's a small space , often crammed with tourists , and the collection remains fairly modest , with an assortment of Victorian pornography the main highlight . Red Light Secrets Museum of Prostitution opened earlier this year in a former brothel . The space offers a fascinating look into the everyday lives of prostitutes and offers a history of the profession , which was legalized in Amsterdam in 2000 . Venustempel , Damrak 18 , Amsterdam ; +31 20 622 8376 Red Light Secrets , Oudezijds Achterburgwal 60-62 , Amsterdam Museum of Sex  New York City New York City 's Museum of Sex has a gift for combining the academic with the just plain silly . In addition to a permanent collection of 15,000 erotic artifacts , the museum regularly hosts exhibits that can range from the informative  The Sex Lives of Animals  to the bizarre  a recent show , "  Funland : Pleasures & Perils of the Erotic Fairground , " featured a breast-themed inflatable  . The museum also features Play , a bar serving up bawdily named cocktails . Museum of Sex , 233 5th Ave. , New York ; +1 212 689 6337 World Erotic Art Museum  Miami Miami 's World Erotic Art Museum  WEAM  hosts some of the most respectable erotica around . In addition to the curiosities that litter the 4,000-strong collection  a Karma Sutra-themed four-poster bed , a six-foot carved wood phallus  are works by Rembrandt van Rijn and Pablo Picasso . The museum 's octogenarian owner , Naomi Wilzing , is invested in showing that there is more to erotic art than pornography ; it can be fine art , and it can represent a window into different cultures . As a result , the museum showcases a range of art spanning both the globe and the ages . World Erotic Art Museum , 1205 Washington Ave. , Miami Beach ; +1 305 532 9336 Tochka G  Moscow The Russian capital may seem a strange spot for a sex museum , given the country 's track record both with free speech and gay rights . But then again , museum founder and curator Alexander Donskoi does n't much care for the current government . Some pieces on display are clearly aimed to provoke  the main attraction -- a painting by artist Vera Donskaya-Khilko that depicts Russian President Vladimir Putin doing naked battle with Barack Obama -- is a case in point  . Other items -- such as Soviet-era condoms and pamphlets on VD -- offer onlookers a glimpse of what sex was like behind the Iron Curtain . On site is also a sex shop  Russia 's largest  , which sells everything from naughty-themed matryoshka dolls to sexy Aeroflot uniforms . Tochka G , Ul Novy Arbat 15 , Moscow ; +7 495 695 44 30 Sex Machines Museum  Prague As it happens , inventors have long been obsessed with tools to improve sex  or , inversely , abstain from it  . Prague 's Sex Machines Museum has a range of such gadgets on display , from 16th century chastity belts , to copulation tables  predecessors to the blow-up doll  . There 's also a cinema that shows early pornographic films . If nothing else , the space is tribute to the inventiveness of the human mind -- particularly when it comes to sex . Sex Machines Museum , Melantrichova 476/18 , Prague ; +420 227 186 260 MusEros  St Petersburg , Russia St. Petersburg 's MusEros made headlines in 2004 when it acquired a 12-inch human penis supposedly belonging to the "  Mad Monk , " Grigori Rasputin  the claim has not been verified  . Either way , Russia 's first erotic museum houses a great collection of historical paraphernalia , with particular focus on the sex lives of former Russian rulers . They even have a "  naughty chair " that supposedly belonged to Catherine the Great . In addition to lifting the veil on sex , the curators hope to provide visitors with a fresh perspective on how sexual practices differ from culture to culture , and ultimately evolve over time . MusEros , Ligovsky Avenue 43/45 , St. Petersburg ; +7 812 905 03 94 El Museu de L'Erotica  Barcelona Barcelona 's El Museu de L'Erotica takes an artistic and historic approach by including work by some of the great masters  Picasso made enough erotic art to go around  , as well as a historic look at Spanish pornography . A particular highlight is the institution 's collection of banned Japanese art . El Museo del Erotica , La Rambla 96 , Barcelona , Spain ; +34 933 189 865 Secret cabinet , National Archeological Museum  Naples , Italy The Roman Empire had an acute appreciation for erotic art . Such was made evident during a 19th-century excavation of the ruins at Pompeii and Herculaneum in Italy . Alas , the freewheeling art that was uncovered proved too much for the socially conservative mores of the Victorian era . Well-endowed statues depicting various gods , sexually explicit oil lamps and a sculpture of Pan co-mingling with a goat were all moved to Naples ' National Archaeological Museum , where they were eventually locked up inside a secret cabinet , opened only for the purview of well-educated gentlemen . The cabinet was frequently opened and closed to the public , depending on the conservatism of the regime in charge . In 2000 , the collection was again opened , this time to women as well . 19 Piazza Museo  +39 081 442 2149  , Naples , Italy ; +39 081 442 2149	In recent years , several museums dedicated to erotica have popped up around the world Erotica aficionados argue the educational merits of the saucy art form Perhaps the world 's largest erotica collection belongs to Rev. Ted McIlvenna McIlvenna owns 3 million pieces , spread through 28 warehouses
"  Sesame Street 's " YouTube channel was back online and spreading wholesome , child-friendly messages Monday , a day after hackers appeared to have reprogrammed the venerable children 's show pages with porn . The show 's channel was taken offline Sunday afternoon , and visitors were greeted with a message from the video website informing them it had been shut down "  due to repeated or severe violations of our community guidelines . " Users who accessed the account earlier had found explicit sex videos instead of Muppets . "  We apologize for any inconvenience our audience may have experienced yesterday on our Sesame Street YouTube channel , " read a message on the channel 's home page , which appeared to have been restored around 11 a.m. ET . "  Our channel was temporarily compromised , but we have since restored our original line-up of the best classic Sesame Street video clips featuring Cookie Monster , Big Bird , Grover , Oscar the Grouch , and the rest of the fuzzy , feathered , and googly-eyed friends you remember from childhood . " YouTube , which routinely declines to comment on individual user accounts , issued a brief statement Sunday noting that the Google-owned video site prohibits graphic content and removes inappropriate posts as soon as they become aware of them . A spokeswoman referred to the same statement on Monday . A message posted on the page before the content was removed claimed responsibility in the names of two YouTube users , one of whom denied involvement in a statement on his own page . "  I did not hack Sesame Street . I am an honest YouTuber , " the user , identified as "  MrEdxwx , " posted on his account . "  I work hard to make quality gameplay videos , and most important I respect the community guidelines . " The message on "  Sesame Street 's " page also noted that parents who want to watch videos with their children "  in a safe , child-friendly environment " can also do so on the show 's website .	Children 's show 's YouTube channel restored after porn hack On Sunday , users found sexual content instead of educational fare Two user names were listed as the hackers ; at least one has denied it Channel was restored about 11 a.m. on Monday
Washington  CNN  -- Dr. Phil McGraw , better known simply as Dr. Phil , brought his fiery brand of advocacy to Capitol Hill Thursday on the topic of student cyber-security , and specifically online bullying . As part of a panel at a House Healthy Families and Communities Subcommittee hearing , McGraw compared the World Wide Web to the Wild , Wild West of older times . "  The gunslingers are keyboard bullies . They are these people that with anonymity attack other students in a way that can completely destroy their reputations , " he said . McGraw described it as a pervasive problem . "  With MySpace and Facebook , email , chat rooms , there are so many of these things with so much power that they constitute weapons of mass destruction when it comes to communications with these kids , " he said . A recent Pew study found that 73 percent of American teenagers who are online use social networking sites . McGraw said he has received tens of thousands of letters from kids asking for help with bullying . The subcommittee was looking at the topic of cyber-bullying as they are considering the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , more commonly known as the No Child Left Behind Act .	Dr. Phil participates in panel at Capitol Hill He spoke about cyber-bullying among students A recent study shows 73 percent of teenagers used social networking sites
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Department of Veterans Affairs is still struggling with an enormous backlog in claims for medical and educational benefits that are piling up despite efforts to diminish the paperwork , the secretary of the department admitted Wednesday . VA Secretary Eric Shinseki says the backlog for processing claims by veterans is too long . The VA has implemented an electronic records system , but faces a flood of medical claims each month . In July alone , the VA processed 92,000 claims , but another 91,200 came in . The department has 400,000 claims in the works , with more than a quarter of them left unprocessed for more than 125 days . "  Regardless of how we parse the numbers , there is a backlog . It is too big and veterans are waiting too long for decisions , " said Eric Shinseki , secretary of veterans affairs , in his opening statement to the House Veterans Affairs Committee hearing Wednesday . Shinseki was pressed on the backlog by Rep. Debbie Halvorson , D-Illinois , who asked about the problem of many claims having to be resubmitted . The secretary said it was a problem of trust between veterans and the department that he was trying to change , making every employee an "  advocate " for veterans . "  What I mean by advocacy is that when Shinseki walks in and says ' I want to put a claim in , ' my intent is to put together the very best claim the first time with a very high probability of success , " Shinseki responded . "  Whatever is there right now is what we are addressing . It is a change in culture . It is a change in attitude . " The department became a victim of the success of its new education program for veterans who have served since September 2001 . The claims became so backlogged that the VA was forced to issue more than $ 70 million in emergency funds to veterans who were still waiting for money for supplies and living needs , weeks into the school year . "  Uncertainty and great stress caused by these delays were addressed through these emergency procedures , which remain in effect , " Shinseki assured the Veterans Affairs Committee . Despite the department 's efforts to build a computerized system to process the new program claims , the system was not up and running in time . Problems facing veterans are even more acute for female service members , who have more difficulty accessing veterans programs , according to the advocacy group Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans Association . The IAVA released a study on Wednesday highlighting the concerns women veterans have . More than 212,000 women have served in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , according to the IAVA , but they face a system that is designed more for the care of their male counterparts . Department of Veterans Affairs statistics show that women make up almost 10 percent of the veteran population , but their numbers are growing . One area of concern underscored by the report is access to female-specific medical care at VA facilities . "  For most women , this translates into having a primary care physician handle general health care while a second clinician may handle gender-specific needs , and in some cases , a third provider may address mental health issues , " the study said . In some cases , female veterans may be forced to travel more than two hours for routine gynecological care , according to a VA study cited by the IAVA report . At the House hearing , Shinseki was asked by Chairman Bob Filner , D-California , about women veterans being refused care at VA facilities because there was nobody to watch their children while they were being examined . Shinseki assured Filner that the issue was being addressed and that no veterans should be turned away for that reason . The VA got some good news , however , on its budget . On Wednesday the House and Senate finalized a bill to provide the department with funding for medical programs one year in advance . The move , which still has to be signed by President Obama , will assure the department more stability in projecting its ability to provide properly funded services .	Backlog of claims keeps growing despite efforts to streamline , VA head says Backlog "  is too big and veterans are waiting too long , " says Eric Shinseki VA secretary tells Congress he wants every VA employee to be an advocate for vets Women veterans face even worse problems than men , advocacy group says
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius prosecutor Gerrie Nel wants the South African track star sent for independent psychiatric evaluation , he said Monday , in a move that could delay the athlete 's murder trial for a month or more . A psychiatrist testified Monday that Pistorius has an anxiety disorder stemming from his double amputation as an infant and his unstable parents . He 's depressed now and feeling guilt from having killed his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , defense witness Dr. Meryl Vorster said on the stand . Nel responded by comparing the athlete 's mental state to post-traumatic stress disorder and saying the law required psychiatric observation . The prosecutor 's extremely unusual move is essentially an effort to maneuver the court into considering an insanity or "  capacity " defense even though the athlete 's legal team is not mounting one , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said . Phelps , a criminologist and law lecturer at the University of Cape Town , said she had never seen this done before . Pistorius ' lead defense lawyer , Barry Roux , is fighting back , saying Nel is oversimplifying the law . The question was left unresolved when court adjourned for the day . Nel is due to submit his application on Tuesday after both sides have finished questioning Vorster . The psychiatrist took the stand Monday morning for the defense , going all the way back to when the disabled sprinter was 11 months old . Pistorius would have experienced the amputation of both of his legs below the knee at that time as a "  traumatic assault " because he was too young to speak or understand what was happening to him , she said in court . His parents then put pressure on him to appear normal , and his mother abused alcohol at times after she and Pistorius ' father divorced , she said . She raised him and his siblings "  to see their external environment as threatening " and "  added to the anxiety , " Vorster said . Pistorius earlier testified that "  Everything I learnt in life , I learned from her . " Reasonable ? The defense is trying to show that Pistorius made a genuine and reasonable mistake and responded reasonably on the night he killed Steenkamp , 29 , a model and law school graduate . Pistorius , 27 , admits that he fired four bullets through a closed door in his house , killing Steenkamp , but says he thought he was protecting himself from a burglar . Whether the judge believes he acted reasonably could mean the difference between a verdict of culpable homicide , a lesser charge than murder , and an acquittal , according to Phelps . If Pistorius is convicted of murder , he faces at least 15 years in prison , and possibly life . South Africa does not have the death penalty . A verdict of culpable homicide would leave the sentence at the discretion of Judge Thokozile Masipa . Vorster said the athlete 's general anxiety disorder meant he felt that his safety was threatened even when objectively it was not , she said . And she said he was "  devastated that he killed his girlfriend . " Steenkamp 's mother , who has been in court for most of the trial , was not there Monday to hear the evaluation . Fight or flight Vorster also addressed the question of why Pistorius took his gun and went toward the sound of what the thought was danger rather than trying to get away . Because of his disability , she said , when he faces a fight-or-flight situation , he can not flee , so his instinct is to fight . Nel then pressed the psychiatrist on whether Pistorius was mentally ill and whether he could distinguish right from wrong . She said he could . Many people have general anxiety disorder , and it does not imply that one has lost touch with reality , she said . The psychiatrist took the stand on day 30 of a high-profile trial that has gripped South Africa and much of the world . She could be the last witness . Roux said last week that he expected to wrap up his case Tuesday . New psychiatric evaluation could push the end of the trial a month or more away . When the defense is done presenting its evidence , both sides will make closing arguments , and then Masipa will retire to consider her verdict . South Africa does not have jury trials , but she is being assisted by two experts called assessors . Nel has fought aggressively to show that Pistorius argued with Steenkamp before killing her . The trial has seen Pistorius break down repeatedly , crying , wailing and sometimes throwing up as the court sees and hears evidence about Steenkamp 's death . Vortser said the athlete 's physical distress was real . He listened with his head lowered as the psychiatrist testified Monday . Earlier evidence has included graphic photos of the wounds ; testimony from neighbors , friends , police and pathologists ; and the actual door through which Pistorius fired four hollow-tipped bullets on the fateful night . Argument or error ? There is no dispute that Pistorius shot and killed Steenkamp in his home early on the morning of Valentine 's Day 2013 . Nel tore into Pistorius over five days in court in April , saying the Paralympic medalist had argued with Steenkamp and killed her on purpose . He tried to force Pistorius to look at a picture of Steenkamp 's head after the shooting , accused Pistorius of being selfish and possessive , and said he refused to take responsibility for his actions . The defense team is seeking to cast doubt on the state 's case and needs only to show there is a reasonable doubt that Pistorius meant to kill Steenkamp . Masipa must decide whether Pistorius genuinely made a terrible mistake or whether he murdered Steenkamp intentionally . Live blog : Pistorius on trial Pistorius is arguably the world 's most famous disabled athlete , known as the "  Blade Runner " for the carbon-fiber blades he runs on . He fought for -- and won -- the right to compete against able-bodied runners at the Olympics after his Paralympic success . Sports fans worldwide saw Pistorius a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . Oscar Pistorius trial enters new phase after blistering cross-examination Gerrie Nel : ` Bulldog ' prosecutor sinks teeth into Oscar Pistorius at murder trial	NEW : Prosecutor Gerrie Nel says the law requires an evaluation of Pistorius A psychiatrist testified that he suffers general anxiety and is depressed She says he can tell the difference between right and wrong Pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder in the middle of the night
New York  CNN  -- Lower Manhattan 's controversial Park51 Islamic center is now in a court battle with utility Consolidated Edison , which says the center owes it $ 1.7 million in a dispute over back rent . In court papers , Park51 says it owes Con Edison only $ 881,000 and calls the utility 's demand "  grossly inflated . " The center has filed suit against the company over a default notice it was issued in September , and a New York state judge has stayed any action until after a hearing in November . In a statement to CNN on Sunday , Con Edison said it "  remains hopeful " that it can work out an agreement with Park51 , which leases part of its property from the utility . Park51 's developers did not return a phone call seeking comment . The center , which includes a mosque , drew intense opposition in 2010 from politicians , conservative activists and some families of the victims of the al Qaeda attack on the World Trade Center . The twin towers stood about two blocks from the site before they were destroyed by the suicide hijackings on September 11 , 2001 , leading critics to dub the project the "  Ground Zero Mosque . " The interfaith center 's leaders said the project will be a 16-story community center with recreational , educational and cultural programming rooted in a spirit of cooperation and coexistence . City officials refused to block its construction , and Park51 held its grand opening in September . According to court documents , Park51 has exercised an option to purchase the Con Edison portion of the site for $ 10.7 million . The center says it has been paying $ 2,750 a month -- minuscule by New York standards -- under its initial lease . The rent was to be recalculated based on the market value of the property after it renewed the lease in 2008 , but disputes over the appraisal lasted until this August . In September , Con Edison demanded the $ 1.7 million it said it was owed . "  The lease for the property calls for the tenant to pay this money now that an appraisal process has been completed , " the utility told CNN . "  Under the terms of the lease , Con Edison requested payment of outstanding rent , but to date , tenant has not yet made the required payment . " But lawyers for Park51 argue the demand is based on "  a fundamental misreading " of its lease and have accused Con Edison of improperly trying to take back the property . "  Whether it is bowing to political pressure or seeking to retain the valuable premises for itself , Con Ed appears intent upon proceeding with its wrongful termination  and cancellation of plaintiff 's right to purchase the premises  and it has expressly threatened to do so , " they wrote . Con Edison said Sunday it has defended Park51 's right to buy the land . CNN 's Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	The Park51 center is locked in a dispute with Con Edison The utility says Park51 owes back rent The center says the demand is "  grossly inflated " Park51 's plans drew intense opposition in 2010
As three tugboats towed the disabled Carnival cruise ship Triumph back to port in Mobile , Alabama , things went from bad to worse . The fire that caused the ship to lose power and drift aimlessly on rough Gulf of Mexico swells was just the beginning . Raw sewage seeped into corridors and cabin ways . Food had to be rationed . There were fears of looting . Not surprisingly , passengers were furious and emotional . Some were reported to be "  acting like savages . " For Carnival and the rest of the cruise line industry , the implications are potentially devastating . The deadly capsizing in January 2012 of the Costa Concordia ship off the coast of Italy still lingers in the public 's mind . About a month later , the Costa Allegra liner suffered a similar engine fire , lost power , and was set adrift in pirate-infested waters in the Indian Ocean . Carnival owns Costa Cruises , and now a third high-profile crisis for Carnival in just over a year threatens to cement the perception among vacationers that cruising might not be worth the risk . Five things we 've learned about cruises In the age of social and digital media , the problems faced by cruise lines are compounded . Using mobile phones , passengers aboard the Triumph have been providing concerned family members with constant updates . Those enraged family members have immediately passed the horror stories along to the eager media . The public is getting the full play-by-play in virtual real time , leaving Carnival playing catchup from an increasingly defensive posture . But as bad as the potential damage to Carnival 's image may be , the company , as well as the rest of the cruise line industry , has an opportunity to blunt the impact , if it acts quickly and wisely . It seems counterintuitive , but while the gruesome stories of the "  cruise from hell " are still fresh , the crisis offers an opportunity for the cruise line to make a compelling statement about the industry 's commitment to its passengers .  Statements from Carnival . Crisis management experts know that customers and the general public are more likely to judge an organization by how it handles a problem than how it got into the problem in the first place . That means Carnival has to go much further than mere reimbursements and vouchers for onward travel . The challenge to Carnival 's reputation is three-fold . First the company must articulate real concern for passengers and clearly communicate what it is doing to make things right for customers . This will require financial sacrifices , of course . But Carnival has little choice but to pay now and win some badly needed goodwill -- or pay later in the courtroom , in the court of public opinion , and , of course , at the cash register when bookings decline . Second , the company must clearly communicate what it is doing to fix the problem and prevent anything like it from ever happening again . How did an engine fire , serious as that might be , so quickly develop into a disaster of this magnitude ? My celebration trip on the Carnival Triumph : From joy to misery How could it have been allowed to happen ? Why was the widely reported chaos and disorder allowed to develop ? Why did Carnival not have emergency response plans in place ? What is the industry doing to prepare for what would seem to be a manageable situation ? The public will demand answers to these basic questions before it will begin to trust again . Uncertainty breathes life into a crisis . Accurate and timely information smothers it . Third , Carnival must aggressively and clearly deliver these messages now , and for as long as it takes to restore the public 's trust . So far , the story has been about the unthinkable conditions the passengers have been forced to endure . Carnival must move aggressively to reshape that narrative to reflect all that it is doing to rectify the situation . After a bad cruise , can you cruise into court ? Carnival has to resist the temptation to explain , minimize , or justify what happened and position itself instead as part of the solution to the problems that caused the disaster . That is what the public will focus on and remember , but only if Carnival is able to communicate it fast and effectively .	David Bartlett : For Carnival , impact of ` cruise from hell ' potentially devastating . Passenger video , media puts Carnival increasingly on the defensive , he says He says it must show real concern , lay out plan , go a long way to make amends Do n't try to justify or explain , he says , but get proactive now about fixing problem
CNN  -- When the United States Postal Service announced it would no longer deliver mail on Saturdays , those of us with e-mail anxiety had a moment of jealousy . What would it be like to have two whole days when the Internet just did n't deliver to anyone 's inbox ? It would be pretty great . Unfortunately , e-mail is only becoming more of a round-the-clock presence , but a novel new e-mail tool could make it more manageable . Meet the Mailbox app Mailbox is a much hyped new app for the iPhone that chips away at overflowing inboxes with simple gesture controls and a brilliant snooze feature . As of Thursday , it is finally available in the Apple App Store after half a year of sneak peeks and raves from beta testers . I 've been using it for my personal e-mail and have become hooked . Developed by Orchestra , the 2-year-old Palo Alto , California , startup behind the Orchestra to-do app , Mailbox takes the familiar mobile mail app look and adds simple swipe controls for categorizing and prioritizing messages . "  We started this company on this belief that people use e-mail like a terrible to-do list , " said Gentry Underwood , founder and CEO of Orchestra . The app 's solution is to quickly get things out of your inbox that are n't urgent so you can better focus on the tasks that are important right now . It does this with four main gestures . Swipe partially to the right on a message to archive it , all the way to the right to delete it . A long drag all the way to the left can add an e-mail to a list , and a short drag brings up the app 's very best feature : Snooze . Open up your e-mail and look at what 's lingering in your inbox . How many are urgent tasks , and how many fall into the gray area of pending , semi-urgent , or indefinitely postponable ? Instead of leaving them in your inbox where they add to the noise , Mailbox lets you breezily put them off with one gratifying tap . The Snooze feature lets you postpone a message for any length of time . Choose later today , this evening , tomorrow , this weekend , next week , in a month , someday  set for three months by default  or a specific date from the grid of icons . You wo n't need to see or think about those messages again until reminded at the chosen date and time . Though cleared from the inbox , nothing is really gone . All snoozed messages are organized in the Later tab and archived messages are under the Archive tab . Reaching for Inbox Zero There are big issues with the state of modern e-mail . Mostly , there 's just too much of it . There are personal messages , work conversations and never-ending group threads on important business decisions -- or where to go for lunch . The majority are e-mails generated by machines such as mailing lists , travel confirmations , store offers , bank statements and bill reminders . The inbox is filling too many roles at once , as a catch-all receptacle , to-do list and filing system . Mailbox is based on one of the more popular methods for dealing with the deluge , Inbox Zero . It 's a system for clearing out clutter and handling e-mails requiring action championed by Merlin Mann , founder of the 43 Folders blog . "  There are a lot of things hanging around there that just ca n't be dealt with until some other time and yet they stare back at you and nag , " said Underwood . Moving those nagging e-mails out of the way is a great goal , but many people find constantly fighting the flood in traditional e-mail clients to be more of a time suck than a time saver . Mailbox 's gestures turn the process into an easy and , oddly , fun activity . Once you master the swiping gestures , the clearing process is fast and simple and requires minimal amounts of thought . You do n't have to agonize over what folder that e-mail from your boss belongs in , just put it off until tomorrow morning . "  A third of our beta testers get to Inbox Zero once a week , " said Underwood . "  When you do get to zero it does n't mean you have nothing left to do , it means you have nothing left to do right now . " Designed for satisfaction The app was partially inspired by Clear , a stunning to-do app that came out a year ago and wowed app designers with its fresh take on the smartphone user interface . It was all swipes and bold colors and gestures , a few new rules you had to remember but that soon made complete sense . "  Many people have heralded Clear as being one of the big moments in mobile user interface development , " said Underwood . "  No buttons , just gestures . Man does it feel good to check something off in Clear . " Mailbox has adapted some of those satisfying features and combined them with a traditional inbox design . Like Clear , it takes a bit of practice for the gestures to become second nature , but when they do you 'll execute them without hesitation . After tablets went mainstream , many people caught themselves mindlessly trying to tap or swipe non-touchscreen desktop monitors . People had picked up a new way of interfacing with a device that seemed more natural than a mouse and tiny pointer icon . The same thing happens after you use Mailbox for a while . I became more impatient with sorting through mail in my regular app , occasionally swiping to snooze a message in the default by mistake . Big dreams for future versions The first version Mailbox app is promising , but it 's still in its infancy and is far from being the savior of e-mail . Part of that is by design . Mailbox 's developers are only focusing on mobile for now . The first version of the app only works on iPhones and can only be used with Gmail accounts . The demands for a mobile e-mail application are less complicated than a desktop client . On a computer , people want things like calendar and contact integration , and have complicated folder , tag and color systems . Being mobile works in Mailbox 's favor . It 's a great excuse to create a stripped down e-mail client and start from scratch , focusing only on the basics . "  The primary use on mobile is triage , " said Underwood . Orchestra does plan on expanding the app over time , depending on how it 's received . The company 's goal is to always offer a free version of the app , but also roll out a more advanced paid version , like Evernote and Dropbox have done . There has already been so much demand that the company is taking precautions and rolling it out slowly with a wait list . When you download the app , you can reserve a spot on the list and the app will show you how many people are ahead of you . Once it 's in wider use , Mailbox will likely add more features , support additional e-mail clients and develop an app for Android devices . Underwood imagines an app that manages not just e-mail accounts , but the inbox for any service with internal messages , such as LinkedIn and Facebook . A future Mailbox could even automatically chip in with the sorting , making sense of the automated e-mails like mailings and boarding passes , and even adapt based on your habits over time . And eventually , Orchestra may create a desktop version of the Mailbox app . But for now the company is practicing what it preaches and focusing on the most important task on its to do list : create a great , simple mobile e-mail app .	Mailbox is a highly anticipated iPhone app for better organizing your e-mail It uses swipe gestures to help quickly clear your inbox and focus on important tasks The app 's killer feature is a snooze button , letting you ignore e-mails until later
