PARIS , France  CNN  -- The French National Assembly announced Tuesday the creation of an inquiry into whether women in France should be allowed to wear the burka , one day after President Nicolas Sarkozy controversially told lawmakers that the traditional Muslim garment was "  not welcome " in France . A woman wears traditionnal Muslim dress n Venissieux , near Lyon . A cross-party panel of 32 lawmakers will investigate whether the traditional Muslim garment poses a threat to the secular nature of the French constitution . They are due to report back with their recommendations in six months . Last week 57 lawmakers -- led by communist legislator Andre Gerin -- signed a petition calling for a study into the feasibility of legislation to ban the burka in public places . On Monday Sarkozy declared in a keynote parliamentary address that the burka , which covers women from head to toe , is "  not welcome " in France . Watch why burkas are such a controversial issue in France " "  The problem of the burka is not a religious problem . This is an issue of a woman 's freedom and dignity . This is not a religious symbol . It is a sign of subservience ; it is a sign of lowering . I want to say solemnly , the burka is not welcome in France , " Sarkozy told lawmakers . The right of Muslim women to cover themselves is fiercely debated in France , which has a large Muslim minority but also a staunchly secular constitution . Should Muslim women in France be banned from wearing the burka ? Sound Off below In 2004 , the French parliament passed legislation banning Muslim girls from wearing headscarves in state schools , prompting widespread Muslim protests . The law also banned other conspicuous religious symbols including Sikh turbans , large Christian crucifixes and Jewish skull caps . Last year , France 's top court denied a Moroccan woman 's naturalization request on the grounds that she wore a burka . Some lawmakers have called for burkas to be banned completely , claiming they are degrading to women . They also include housing minister Fadela Amara , a Muslim-born women 's rights campaigner , who has called the garment "  a kind of tomb for women . " "  We can not accept in our country women trapped behind a fence , cut off from social life , deprived of any identity . This is not the idea that we have of a woman 's dignity , " Sarkozy said Monday . But French Muslim leaders say that only a small minority of women wear the full veil and had previously criticized calls for the issue to be the subject of a parliamentary inquiry . "  To raise the subject like this , via a parliamentary committee , is a way of stigmatizing Islam and the Muslims of France , " Mohammed Moussaoui , the head of the French Council for the Muslim Religion , told AFP last week . "  We are shocked by the idea parliament should be put to work on such a marginal issue . " According to CIA estimates , between 5 and 10 percent of France 's 64 million population are Muslim . The country does not collect its own statistics on religion in accordance with laws enshrining France 's status as a secular state . France is not the only European Union country to have considered banning the burka . Dutch lawmakers voted in favor of a ban in 2005 , although the government of the time was defeated in elections before it could pass legislation to outlaw the garment .	French lawmakers to consider whether burka threatens French secularism Panel set up after President Sarkozy says burka not welcome in France Debate is raging in France about Muslim women wearing the traditional garment
CNN  -- On September 27 , Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani had a 15-minute phone conversation with U.S. President Barack Obama . This was a historic moment , breaking a 34-year spell , and roundly applauded in Washington and Tehran . There was , however , one notable exception . Mohammad Ali Jafari , the head of the elite Islamic Revolution Guards Corps  IRGC  , promptly called the Obama-Rouhani phone conversation a "  tactical mistake . " The Iranian president , according to Jafari , should have waited to make such a call until after "  America 's sincerity " in negotiating with Iran "  can be proven , " as he put it . Many in Tehran interpreted Jafari 's comment -- not as goodhearted advice on foreign policy strategy -- but as a slap on the wrist on President Rouhani . Anxious supporters of Rouhani now wonder if the Revolutionary Guards will soon have an open season against the eight-week-old Rouhani administration and kill off any hope for U.S.-Iran dÃ © tente before it is given a proper shot . After all , the IRGC generals see themselves as the epicenter of anti-Americanism in the Islamic Republic . Look at the Iranian political formation and you will see that when Jafari speaks it matters . He is the top general in Iran 's top military-political force . He answers directly to Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who appointed Jafari back in 2007 . And on Jafari 's watch , the Revolutionary Guards have entered the realm of politics as never before . These days the IRGC generals regularly face off all other factions in Iran 's Byzantine bureaucratic setup . Green movement Just take developments since 2009 as an illustration . During the heyday of Iran 's Green opposition movement , triggered by the disputed presidential elections in June 2009 , won by the incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the IRGC took the lead in cracking down on the anti-regime -- and anti-Ahmadinejad -- protesters . In the months that followed , hundreds of protesters were arrested and scores allegedly killed in the clampdown . The IRGC generals went out of their way to brand the leaders of the Green movement as traitors , as foreign agents and spearheads of "  seditionists . " Read more : Iranian lawmakers call for execution of leaders To the generals it mattered little that these Green leaders had at one point been pillars of the same Islamist system . Now that they were questioning the wisdom of the regime 's policies they had to be punished , and harsh punishments were duly handed out . The two main Green leaders , Mir Hossein Mousavi , a former prime minister , and Mehdi Karroubi , a former speaker of the parliament , have been under house arrest since February 2011 . But while the IRGC 's brutal intervention in 2009 secured Ahmadinejad 's second term as president , they soon turned on him too . As Ahmadinejad began to wander off on his own political path , the IRGC by late 2010 began to denounce him as an imposter . He was denounced as the head of the "  Deviant Current , " a catchall phrase that IRGC gladly now applied to the supporters of the same Ahmadinejad they had gone out of their way to keep in the presidential palace . Ahmadinjead hit back and famously labeled the top IRGC generals as his "  smuggler brothers , " a jab at the illicit economic activities of the IRGC cartel , and ask them to stay out of politics . But the already unpopular and now weakened Ahmadinejad could not outshine the senior men from the Revolutionary Guards . Not while they still had Khamenei 's blessing . On August 3 , Ahmadinejad left the presidential palace but the IRGC generals are still looming large . ` Heroic flexibility ' But not even Ayatollah Khamenei , Iran 's utmost power , is immune to IRGC 's predatory ways . On September 17 , Khamenei told a group of IRGC commanders that he is not against "  heroic flexibility " when confronted by adversaries . Everyone understood this phrase to mean that Tehran should now be open to serious negotiations over its nuclear program . Rouhani shortly after flew to New York , emboldened that he had Khamenei 's full backing to open a new round of talks with the Americans and the other nations in the P5 +1 group . But not everyone in Tehran was on message . Two days before Rouhani 's much-anticipated U.N. speech , an IRGC general sought to throw some cold water on the buzz around Rouhani and his mission of seeking dÃ © tente with the United States . In a statement that seemed to question Khamenei 's directive from a week earlier , the general said Iran "  will not make any heroic exercise in regards to -LSB- its -RSB- nuclear rights . " The man behind those words is General Hossein Salami , the second-in-command in the IRGC . Salami and his boss Jafari and the other IRGC generals know better than openly defy the wishes of Khamenei . This is why they go about it cautiously . They do not explicitly condemn Rouhani for talking to Obama , but call it a "  tactical mistake . " They do n't say Ayatollah Khamenei 's idea of "  heroic exercise " is a bad one , but say it can not apply to the one topic that matters , Iran 's nuclear program . If Khamenei wants to instil "  heroic flexibility " in Iranian diplomacy , simply because the sanctions are bleeding Iran and his regime to death and he needs a way out -- then the IRGC generals do not have it in them to shoot down the trial balloons that he has launched . The IRGC generals are politically not that powerful that they can override the Supreme Leader . But it is very obvious that the IRGC generals do not like any thawing in Iran 's strained relations with the United States . They are principal stakeholders in the Iranian regime and fearful they will lose out if the status quo is somehow transformed . The question is whether the generals will sit fuming at the sidelines and limit themselves to critiquing attempts to overhaul Iran 's foreign policy or actively look for ways to sabotage it . Supporters of Rouhani and his foreign policy agenda suspect sabotage and even violence . As Rouhani returned from New York , his motorcade came under attack by hardliners just as he was leaving Mehr Abad Airport in Tehran . This could be a harbinger of more to come . Read more : Shoe thrown at Rouhani -- report This week former President Mohammad Khatami warned about the return of "  terror " of the 1990s when reformist candidates were frequently hounded and sometimes assassinated . "  These are not random but organized operations , he warned . There is no doubt that he had the IRGC generals in mind too when he said that . Sanctions In the fast unfolding saga of U.S.-Iran relations , the IRGC generals can be expected to play the role of a spoiler for some time to come . This reality no doubt disheartens the supporters of Rouhani . But the IRGC generals are just that , namely spoilers . They have not presented a single credible blueprint for Iran 's to come out of international isolation and ways to stop the plummeting economic conditions . They have put on the old mantle of the armed defender of Iranian nation but no foreign armies are lining up to invade . The IRGC generals still look for legitimacy by pointing back at the role they played in defending Iran against Saddam Hussein 's invading army during the 1980-1988 Iran-Iraq War . But Iran 's conflict today is not comparable to the circumstances of the Iran-Iraq War . Iran is bleeding today because there is a global economic sanction regime against it , backed by a strong international consensus . Ayatollah Khamenei , certainly never a fan of the West or the United States , grasps the difference . That is why he conceded to the need for "  heroic flexibility " and looking for ways to break the stalemate . That is why Rouhani says he has the Supreme Leader 's full backing to negotiate with the world . And unless the IRGC generals can come up with an alternative narrative for the way forward for Iran , then all they can do is sabotage Rouhani 's efforts and hope that they can get away with it . Read more : Why Rouhani needs Obama 's help Read more : Be cautious with new , smiley-face Iran Read more : Can Rouhani or Obama deliver on any deal ? Read more : Amanpour -- why Rouhani may be different Read more : One day , there might be a U.S.-Iran handshake The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Vatanka .	A September 27 phone call by the U.S. and Iranian presidents was the first in 34 years The head of Iran 's Islamic Revolution Guards Corp called it a "  tactical mistake " Alex Vatanka says the IRGC generals see themselves as the epicenter of anti-Americanism But Rouhani has Khamenei 's backing and all the IRGC can do is act as spoiler , he says
CNN  -- Mississippi voters Tuesday rejected a controversial amendment that would have defined life as beginning at conception while Ohio voters repealed a law that limited the collective bargaining rights of public workers , CNN projects . The two ballot measures had national implications as Americans voted in an off-year election . The Mississippi amendment would have made it impossible to get an abortion in the state and hampered the ability to get the morning-after pill or birth control pills that destroy fertilized eggs . Disposing of unused fertilized eggs could also have become illegal , making in vitro fertilization treatments more difficult . National right to life groups opposed the measure and the Catholic Church in Mississippi called it extreme . The Ohio law limited the bargaining rights of police , teachers , firefighters and other public workers over salaries , workplace conditions and hours . It prohibited strikes and promotions based on seniority only , and required public workers to contribute at least 10 % of their income toward their pensions and at least 15 % to pay for their health care insurance . The Republican-controlled legislature passed the bill Republican Gov. John Kasich signed it into law in March but a successful petition drive kept it from being enacted and placed it on the November ballot . Kasich said Tuesday night that it was clear that the people had spoken . "  Part of leading is listening to and hearing what people have to say to you , " he said . The vote was seen as a victory for unions and Democrats , but CNN projects that Democrats are taking a loss in Ohio in a measure that exempts Ohioans from compulsory participation in the mandatory health care coverage portion of President Barack Obama 's health care reform law passed last year . Since the measure is a state one and the health law is a federal one , it is unclear what impact it might have and it is seen as largely a protest vote . In other elections around the country : • CNN projects that Mississippi 's governor 's seat will stay in Republican hands as Republican Lt. Gov. Phil Bryant appeared to be on his way to victory over Hattiesburg Mayor Johnny DuPree , who would have been the state 's first African-American governor . DuPree , who was elected the first black mayor of Hattiesburg in 2001 , was expected to spark a stronger than usual turnout in the African-American community . Bryant will succeed Republican Gov. Haley Barbour , who was barred by term limits from running again after serving two terms . • In Arizona , the state senator who wrote the controversial immigration law lost to a charter school superintendent in a recall election widely seen as a referendum on tough measures against illegal immigrants . The recall petition pitted Russell Pearce against fellow Republican Jerry Lewis . Lewis led with 53.4 % of the vote with all precincts reporting while Pearce got 45.3 % . • Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear will win a second term , CNN projects , easily beating Republican state Sen. Steve Williams in a race that centered on jobs and the economy . Williams frequently criticized Beshear 's record on creating jobs and balancing the state budget . Beshear kept a tally of the number of jobs that companies were bringing to the state on his website . • While the abortion ballot initiative in Mississippi got the most attention , another constitutional amendment that CNN projects to pass will require voters to submit a government-issued photo ID . Mississippi will be the 15th state to require photo IDs to vote . Such laws have become popular with Republicans , who say they are trying to reduce voter fraud . Democrats argue that Republicans are trying to suppress voter turnout , especially among people who tend to vote for Democrats . CNN 's David Ariosto , John Helton , Ashley Killough , Kevin Liptak , Paul Steinhauser and Robert Yoon contributed to this report .	Two ballot measures had national implications in an off-year election Mississippi rejects amendment that would have defined life as beginning at conception Ohio voters repeal law that limited public workers ' collective bargaining rights
The European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday rejected a claim by a young Muslim woman that France 's ban on the wearing of burqas and niqabs in public violates her rights . The French law banning the burqa , a full-body covering that includes a mesh over the face , and the niqab , a full-face veil with an opening for the eyes , went into effect in April 2011 . It has pitted religious freedom advocates against those who say the Islamic veil is demeaning to women and inconsistent with France 's rigorously enforced secularism . A 24-year-old French woman brought the case to Europe 's top rights court in Strasbourg because she says the ban infringes on her ability to live according to her religious faith , culture and personal convictions . But the court said Tuesday that it found that the French law does n't breach the European Convention on Human Rights . Muslim woman 's case The woman , a devout Muslim whose name has not been disclosed , had tried to draw on several articles of the convention to make her case . Those articles cover the right to respect for private and family life ; the right to respect for freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; and the prohibition of discrimination . The woman said no member of her family has put pressure on her to wear the burqa and niqab . She wears them in public and private , but not all the time , she said . The European Court of Human Rights started hearing the case in November . Debate in France The French Constitutional Council said in 2010 that the law does not impose disproportionate punishments or prevent the free exercise of religion in a place of worship , finding therefore that "  the law conforms to the Constitution . " But critics argue the government has no business telling people what clothes to wear or how to practice their religion . The law drew criticism from some human rights and religious organizations and some Muslims as discriminatory . France has Western Europe 's largest Muslim population . The French law imposes a fine of 150 euros  about $ 205  for wearing the items . The person breaking the law can be asked to carry out public service duty as part of the punishment or as an alternative to the fine . When the legislation came into effect , some analysts said it was largely born out of internal French politics , with former President Nicolas Sarkozy 's center-right party seeking to fend off a challenge from a more hard-line right wing .	The court says the law does n't violate the European Convention on Human Rights A young French woman brought the case to the court She says the ban infringes on her ability to live according to her faith and convictions The French law went into effect in April 2011
Mashable  -- We 've all done it . Your friend uploads a picture of their new puppy to Facebook , and you somehow manage to leave a comment congratulating them instead on their "  new pappy . " So what do you do ? Until now , the only thing Facebook would let you do to correct the error was delete the comment and start again . But starting Thursday the site is also now offering the ability to edit your comment â $ " and change that pappy back to the puppy you intended in the first place . The edit option appears in the form of a small pencil icon on the right side of your comment . Clicking on the pencil will bring up a drop-down menu with the option to edit your comment as well as the option to delete it entirely . Facebook told Mashable the site will also be "  showing the editing history for a comment so that subsequent commenters or likers have the full context of the conversation . " That way if someone responds to a comment that gets edited commenters in the future can see the history of the conversation and not get lost . The editing ability went live on Thursday evening , and will be gradually rolling out to all users over the next few days . Has the comment editing system kicked in for you yet ? Let us know in the comments . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	As of Thursday , Facebook allows users to edit comments rather than retype them . Each comment will show its editing history in a drop-down menu to give users context . Editing will be rolled out to users gradually over the next few days .
CNN  -- Anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan , who is being sued in California by the federal government , said she has a duty to not pay taxes because her son died in what she called an "  immoral " war . An Internal Revenue Service officer , in a federal filing Tuesday in Sacramento , said Sheehan has refused to provide financial information for the 2005 and 2006 tax years . The filing asks the court to order Sheehan to comply . Sheehan , of Vacaville , told CNN affiliate KXTV she has not paid federal incomes taxes since 2004 -- and has not disguised the fact . "  I feel like I gave my son to this country in an illegal and immoral war . I 'll never get him back , " Sheehan said . "  And , so , if they can give me my son back , then I 'll pay my taxes . And that 's not going to happen . " Sheehan drew national attention when she camped outside then-President George W. Bush 's home in Crawford , Texas , throughout August 2005 to demand a meeting with the president over her son 's death . Casey Sheehan , a 24-year-old Army specialist , was killed in an April 2004 battle in Baghdad . His death prompted his mother to found Gold Star Families for Peace . In 2011 , Sheehan raised questions about whether U.S. special forces had indeed killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . "  It 's not that I do n't believe  President Barack  Obama about Osama because he 's Obama , I do n't believe him because he is just one in along  sic  line of butt-naked emperors , " Sheehan wrote on a blog . Her anti-war protests included a 2010 stint on the grounds of the Washington Monument .	IRS sues Cindy Sheehan to get financial records The anti-war activist 's son was killed in Iraq in 2004 She says it is her moral responsibility to refuse to pay
CNN  -- A shoeless Tiger Woods snored on their lawn while the golfer 's wife stood silently by in the minutes after his SUV crashed into a tree , neighbors told Florida investigators . The Florida Highway Patrol on Thursday released the audio recording of their interview of Wood 's longtime neighbors who rushed out of their house in the early hours of last Friday to help Woods . Troopers issued a careless driving citation to Woods for the crash , but he will not face criminal charges , police said Tuesday . Woods , 33 , struck a fire hydrant and a tree with his 2009 Cadillac SUV in his luxury neighborhood near Windermere , Florida , early Friday , police said . Kimberly Harris said she was awake in her bedroom when she heard "  a faint , continuous knocking sound for about 10 or 15 minutes . " It was unclear from the interview what Harris heard . Harris eventually noticed headlights shining toward her house from a vehicle on the lawn , so she awakened her brother , Jarius Adams . "  It 's Tiger , dial 911 , " Harris said her brother yelled after rushing outside . "  I saw Tiger lying on the ground , " Adams said . "  Elin was talking to him , " he said , referring to Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren . " ` Can you please help me , can you please help me ? ' " he said she asked . After that , she "  was n't very verbal , " Adams said . "  She was actually very quiet . Just kind of in shock , you know , just kind of sitting there . " Nordegren told investigators she used a golf iron to smash a rear window so she could unlock the door to get her husband out after the wreck . Woods appeared to have a cut lip , but he was n't bleeding much , Adams told the troopers . "  Maybe if you 'd have bitten your lip , or something like that , " he said . "  Nothing on his shirt , nothing on his hands . " It was a cool morning , so Adams and Harris covered Woods with a blanket and put pillows under his head , Adams said . "  I tried to just keep everyone kind of calm , " he said . When a trooper asked if Woods was unconscious , Adams said , "  At that point , he was , uh , he was snoring . " "  He was snoring ? " the investigator asked . "  He was actually snoring , " he said . Adams said he never smelled alcohol on Woods ' breath . Woods eventually was placed in an ambulance and taken to a hospital . He was released several hours later . The police report called his injuries serious , but a spokesman for Woods described them as minor . Woods cited the injuries as the reason for his decision not to attend his own charity golf tournament this week .	Shoeless Tiger Woods snored on neighbor 's lawn as his wife stood by after car crash Neighbor said she was alerted to accident by headlights shining into home from vehicle on lawn "  She was actually very quiet . Just kind of in shock , " neighbor said of Woods ' wife Neighbors did n't smell alcohol on Woods as they covered him with blanket , gave him pillows
CNN  -- Western governments , including the United States , appear to be stepping up efforts to censor Internet search results and YouTube videos , according to a "  transparency report " released by Google . "  It 's alarming not only because free expression is at risk , but because some of these requests come from countries you might not suspect -- Western democracies not typically associated with censorship , " Dorothy Chou , a senior policy analyst at Google , wrote in a blog post on Sunday night . "  For example , in the second half of last year , Spanish regulators asked us to remove 270 search results that linked to blogs and articles in newspapers referencing individuals and public figures , including mayors and public prosecutors . In Poland , we received a request from a public institution to remove links to a site that criticized it . We did n't comply with either of these requests . " In the last half of 2011 , U.S. agencies asked Google to remove 6,192 individual pieces of content from its search results , blog posts or archives of online videos , according to the report . That 's up 718 % compared with the 757 such items that U.S. agencies asked Google to remove in the six months prior . Overall , Google received 187 requests from United States law enforcement agencies and courts to remove content from its Web properties from July to December , up 103 % from the 92 requests the Mountain View , California , company received in the previous reporting period . In one incident cited in the report , a U.S. law enforcement agency asked Google to take down a blog that "  allegedly defamed a law enforcement official in a personal capacity . " The company did not comply with that request . In another , a separate law enforcement group asked Google to take down 1,400 YouTube videos  Google owns YouTube  because of "  alleged harassment . " And in Canada , the passport office asked Google to delete a YouTube video "  of a Canadian citizen urinating on his passport and flushing it down the toilet , " according to the report . The tech company did not oblige either of those requests but did comply at least in part with 42 % of the removal requests from the United States in the last half of 2011 , the report says . That number is down considerably compared to previous reports ; In the latter half of 2010 , for example , Google said it complied with 87 % of U.S. requests to remove content . The biannual transparency report , which includes data to July 2009 , also indicates a rise in world governments ' requests to take a look at the data Google collects about its users . And with those requests , Google tended to be much more likely to comply . In the last half of 2011 , Google received 6,321 requests for user data from government agencies in the United States and complied at least in part with 93 % of them , according to data released in the report . Those requests for information about Google users come as part of criminal investigations , Google says , and are not unique to the company . Google complied more frequently with U.S.-based requests for information about users than with requests from other countries , according to the report . It complied or partially complied with only 24 % of such requests from Canada , 44 % from France and 64 % from the United Kingdom , for example . The number of user data requests Google received from the United States was up 6 % over the previous six-month period and 37 % compared with the last half of 2010 . Google says this increase "  is n't surprising , since each year we offer more products and services , and we have a larger number of users . " In the report , the company adds : "  We review each request to make sure that it complies with both the spirit and the letter of the law , and we may refuse to produce information or try to narrow the request in some cases . " Writing at Forbes.com , tech columnist Andy Greenberg says that Google "  should be applauded for taking a strong stand against censorship " but that "  the government 's increasingly sticky fingers in Google 's databases comes at a sensitive time . " "  Google has been criticized for failing to reveal much about its reported partnership with the National Security Agency following a Chinese attack on its systems in 2010 , " he writes . "  And the company has yet to take a stand on the House 's recently-passed Cyber Infrastructure Security and Protection Act or its equivalents in the Senate , which are designed to give companies far more leeway to hand data over to government agencies for security purposes . " At Politico , blogger Dylan Byers says the report "  will certainly challenge any notions you might have about a free and unregulated Web . " Google says it hopes the data will offer a "  small window into what 's happening on the Web at large . "	Google says government requests to remove Web content are way up In last half of 2011 , U.S. agencies asked Google to remove 6,192 pieces of content That 's up 718 % compared with the previous six-month period Google released its biannual transparency report Sunday night
CNN  -- When Grandma Nelly lays down a challenge , you 'd better accept it . And she was n't shooting low . Nelly was gunning for NBA star Dwyane Wade . "  Dwyane Wade , " she says , pointing her finger at the camera in a YouTube video . "  On my 90th birthday , I want to play one -  on  - one with you . " On Tuesday , she got her wish . Grandma Nelly -- AKA Illuminada Magtoto -- met Wade at the Heat practice facility for a little shoot-around . "  I want to play with you , " said the grinning grandma who barely came up chest-high to the 6-foot , 4-inch guard . "  Now I 'm 90 . " Wade appeared to be just as touched by the encounter . "  This gives me life . This gives me a purpose , " he said after it was over . Wade sealed the date with a kiss on the hand . "  Oh my God , " she squealed . "  I 'm very , very happy . I 'm very grateful , " Nelly said . "  This is my dream come true . "	The Miami Heat guard met Grandma Nelly on the court Tuesday She issued a challenge to play Dwyane Wade one-on-one "  This is my dream come true , " she said
CNN  -- Thousands of activists camped out at the foot of a Bahraini landmark early Wednesday after the Persian Gulf state 's king pledged to consider reforms and investigate the killings of two demonstrators during protests this week . Police were nowhere in sight as about 3,000 people laid out blankets and pitched tents in Manama 's Pearl Roundabout , where a massive pearl sits at the apex of a circle of inward-sweeping arches . Police gave the area a wide berth , apparently allowing protesters to vent their anger before Wednesday 's funeral for one of the dead , said Mansoor Al-Jamri , editor of the newspaper Al Wasat . "  It 's a very relaxed atmosphere , " Al-Jamri told CNN . "  You 'd assume it was a picnic area if you did n't know it was the aftermath of people who died . " Demonstrators painted anti-government slogans on the bases of the monument , sang , told jokes and led chants into the early morning hours , he said . Bahrain is the latest Arab state to face a surge of dissent following the revolts that toppled longtime autocrats in Tunisia and Egypt . The Gulf island 's ruler , King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa , went on television Tuesday to announce that a committee would be established to study proposed reforms . "  We will ask the legislative authority to look at this phenomena and to suggest the necessary legislation which will solve this in a way that will benefit the homeland and its citizens , " he said . And he vowed that his government would investigate the killings of two protesters by security forces . Hamad called the two deaths unfortunate and offered his condolences to their families , adding , "  May God give them patience and forbearance . "  The kingdom of Bahrain is a country of law and constitutional institutions , " he said . "  We have a law that organizes peaceful demonstrations that was decreed by an elected committee . The right to express one 's opinion is a right that is given by the constitution and has been organized by the law which we must all follow . " The first of the two dead , Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima , was killed Monday while protesting for human rights in the village of Daih , near Manama , said Nabeel Rajab , president of the Bahrain Center for Human Rights . The second , 31-year-old Fadhel Matrook , was one of thousands who attended Mushaima 's funeral procession Tuesday . Human rights groups say Matrook was shot by security forces using pellet guns . Maryam Al-Khawaja , from the center , told the international human rights group Amnesty International that police attacked the funeral procession with pellets and tear gas within minutes of its onset . Activists have decried the use of pellet guns at short range by Bahrain 's security forces . Amnesty International called the deaths "  tragic " and "  a very worrying development . " Malcolm Smart , Amnesty International 's director for the Middle East and North Africa , said authorities must make clear that the "  use of excessive force will not be tolerated . " In a recent report , the group said Bahraini authorities detained 23 opposition political activists in August and September and held them without contact for two weeks , "  during which some allege they were tortured . " Bahrain 's Interior Ministry said on its website that an investigation has been ordered to find out the reason behind the incident . The kingdom 's main opposition party , al Wifaq , has suspended its participation in parliament because of the security forces ' action . Bahrain is an American ally and houses the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . In Washington , the State Department said it was "  very concerned " by the violence and said it welcomed the promise of an investigation . "  We urge that it follow through on these statements as quickly as possible , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said in a statement issued late Tuesday . "  We also call on all parties to exercise restraint and refrain from violence . " Bahrain is ruled by a Sunni Muslim royal family , but two-thirds of the population are Shiites . In recent years , younger Shiites have staged violent protests to complain about discrimination , unemployment and corruption , and many Shiites say the country 's constitution has done little to improve their condition . The protest movement in Bahrain has been organized using social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter , in the same manner as the protests in Tunisia and Egypt . CNN 's Jenifer Fenton contributed to this report	NEW : Protesters make camp in Manama 's Pearl Roundabout early Wednesday The king calls for a probe of the deaths and a committee to study reforms A man was at a funeral procession for a protester when he was fatally injured Ali Abdulhadi Mushaima died after being shot Monday
CNN  -- "  Down the shore , everything 's all right , " President Barack Obama declared Tuesday on his return to New Jersey 's devastated coast seven months after Superstorm Sandy caused billions of dollars in damage there . The line from the Tom Waits song "  Jersey Girl , " popularized by local hero Bruce Springsteen , was the main theme of the joint visit by Obama and Gov. Chris Christie to survey recovery efforts and encourage people to hit the beaches this summer . Christie , a Republican , was criticized last year for appearing with Obama after the devastating storm at the height of the 2012 election campaign and praising the Democratic president 's response . Obama subsequently won re-election while Christie saw his poll numbers soar . Tuesday 's return visit by the pair raised anew the perception that both sought to again gain political benefit from jointly touring the disaster-stricken region . In introducing the president for remarks in drizzly Asbury Park , Christie rejected any political machinations behind efforts to generate federal help for his state . "  New Jersey is more important , our citizens ' lives are more important than any type of politics at all , " said the governor , who is up for re-election this year and is considered a potential GOP presidential contender in 2016 . Obama pledged that his administration will continue to support New Jersey 's recovery , reminding the crowd of his promise seven months ago that "  your country would have your back . " Obama 's cuddle bear from Jersey  no , not Christie "  I meant it , " he said to applause . Both Obama and Christie emphasized that Asbury Park , made famous by Springsteen 's roots there , and the rest of the Jersey Shore was open for business . "  After all you 've dealt with , after all you 've been through , the Jersey Shore is back , " the president said to cheers , adding that residents "  want all Americans to know that they are ready to welcome you here . " To drive home the point , Obama and Christie visited the Point Pleasant boardwalk and even engaged in a "  Touchdown Fever " football toss , with Obama missing his throws while Christie 's first effort was a winner , sailing through the tire . "  One and done , " the governor exclaimed , while Obama gave Christie a high-five and quipped : "  That 's because he 's running for office . " A man behind the counter handed Obama a stuffed teddy bear with a Chicago-themed shirt . Superstorm Sandy forced both Obama and Republican nominee Mitt Romney to suspend campaign activities for a few days in the final run-up to last November 's election . Christie , a top Romney surrogate who delivered the keynote address at the Republican National Convention , joined Obama for a tour of the storm damage and made a point of praising the president for his "  personal concern and compassion " for the state and its people . The bipartisan display benefited both men , according to polls , and was considered a boost to Obama 's re-election effort in the final days of the campaign . Christie meets Snooki In the storm , hundreds of thousands of homes and oceanfront businesses were either damaged or destroyed . Businesses on the Jersey Shore are still working to recover at the beginning of the busy summer tourist season , which in years past has brought billions of dollars in revenue to the state . Tuesday 's trip was the second in three days by Obama to the site of a natural disaster following two weeks of controversies involving his administration , including the disclosure of IRS targeting of conservative groups and a secret subpoena for journalists ' phone records . Obama toured tornado-inflicted damage in Moore , Oklahoma , on Sunday and encouraged further congressional support for programs that bolster emergency management systems for municipalities . The president praised the Federal Emergency Management Agency for its quick response to the Moore tornado , just as he did last fall when Sandy struck the East Coast . Since coming under heavy criticism for missteps in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , FEMA has been commended by localities for responding quickly to disasters and reducing bureaucratic hurdles . Sandy relief : The need continues CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report .	Seven months after Superstorm Sandy , President Obama returns to New Jersey Obama quotes a Tom Waits song popularized by Bruce Springsteen Gov. Christie says New Jersey and its people are more important than politics The pair made a mutually beneficial bipartisan visit after last year 's storm
Austrian-born actor Maximilian Schell , winner of an Academy Award for his portrayal of a defense lawyer in "  Judgment at Nuremberg , " has died , his agent , Patricia Baumbauer , said Saturday . He was 83 . Schell died at an hospital in Innsbruck , Austria , with his wife , Iva , at his side , Baumbauer told CNN . "  He was suffering from a long illness , " Baumbauer said . "  My mother was Schell 's agent for over 50 years , and when she died four years ago , he remained with the agency . He was like a father to me and knew me my entire life . " Read more about his career Schell , one of the most successful German-speaking actors in English-language films , made his Hollywood debut in 1958 in the World War II film "  The Young Lions , " according to IMDb . In his second Hollywood role , as defense attorney Hans Rolfe in Stanley Kramer 's classic "  Judgment at Nuremberg , " he won the 1961 Academy Award for Best Actor and beat out co-star Spencer Tracy for the Oscar , according to IMDb . He also earned a Golden Globe and the New York Film Critics Circle Award for the role , which brought him international acclaim . Schell 's acting eventually won him two more Oscar nominations -- in 1976 for Best Actor for "  The Man in the Glass Booth " and in 1978 for Best Supporting Actor for "  Julia , " according to IMDb . As a director , Schell 's 1984 documentary on Marlene Dietrich , "  Marlene " was nominated for a best documentary Oscar and praised as a masterpiece of the nonfiction genre , according to IMDb . Dietrich allowed herself to be recorded but refused to be filmed , bringing out the most in Schell 's talent to penetrate images and uncover reality . Schell was born in Vienna on December 8 , 1930 , and raised in Zurich , Switzerland . People we 've lost in 2014	Maximilian Schell won Academy Award for role in "  Judgment at Nuremberg " He was one of the most successful German-speaking actors in English-language films Shell 's portrayal of defense attorney at Nuremberg brought him international acclaim
Ambergris Caye , Belize  CNN  -- To look for John McAfee , you must be willing to travel a narrow , rutted and muddy road . And the more I bumped and backfired along it in my temperamental , rented , gas golf cart ... the deeper down the rabbit hole I fell . This is one weird story . Some say it began a week ago Friday when the man who practically invented Internet security , John McAfee , shot his dogs . McAfee ` frightened for his life ' Others say it goes back to April when police raided his compound on the mainland looking for drugs and guns . They found both but the guns had permits and the drugs were legal . Some say police never got over their disappointment . The Austrian woman I had picked up with my golf cart told me McAfee was trying to make a female version of Viagra . I 'm not in the habit of picking up hitchhikers but it 's customary here to give a lift to locals . As they say , "  You never know when YOU might need a ride . " Judging by the sound of my golf cart , that time was n't far off . McAfee lives in the remote northern part of Ambergris Caye , an island 36 miles from the Belize mainland . I hopped a 15-minute prop-powered shuttle only to find his home was an additional six miles from the town of San Pedro . You might wonder why someone with so much money would live so far from town down such a difficult road . Rounding a sandy curve it quickly became obvious : the staggering beauty of the Belize Barrier Reef coast . Residents say the farther north on the island you go the higher the price of real estate . McAfee 's view is worth a fortune . An endless stretch of blue sky overhangs an ocean of pastel greens and blues framed by coconut palms . Next to a long wooden dock with chairs at its end sits a fast-looking boat with twin outboards . I take a seat in McAfee 's front yard . Under Belize law I 'm not trespassing since the beach is public property . Behind me the wood-sided , thatch-roofed home painted purple and yellow sits eerily empty with one porch light on . A rusted telescope on a balcony stares off to the horizon . The only sound is the wind . The day before , I met "  Tiffany " here . She claimed to be one of McAfee 's girlfriends , one of seven . They all live together , sharing McAfee 's houses and fantasies . He 's 67 . Tiffany says she 's 23 and they have been lovers for three years . The girl beside her gives no name and only says she 's 19 . Tiffany says she 's not seen or heard from McAfee in nearly a week -- not since the neighbor , Greg Faull , was discovered dead and McAfee went into hiding . Three arrested in killing in Belize Now a day later the 23-year-old had vanished too . Half a dozen dogs lie sorry-looking or listless in the yard -- thin , hungry and thirsty . They 're lucky to be alive . Dogs just might be the key to this mystery . Officials say their barking and aggressive behavior was a frequent source of friction between McAfee and Faull , a 52-year-old contractor who retired to Belize from Florida and lived next door . On November 9 , McAfee told police someone poisoned four of his dogs . Tiffany said to put them out of their misery he shot each one in the head and buried them . Then two days later someone shot Faull in the head in his own living room . A 9mm shell was found on the second step on the first floor , and Faull was found dead on the second floor . And McAfee had vanished . Police say they only want to talk to the famous internet security guru . Instead , McAfee talks only to reporters . Over a phone , he gives out all sorts of colorful quotes and tantalizing hints of his whereabouts , each contradicting the previous . He talks about moving every four hours and sleeping on a lice-infested bed , of watching "  Rawhide " on an old tube TV , then claiming to be in a house not far from his compound , then no , actually he 's been in his compound the whole time , saying he does n't like the look of the traffic on the highway . This island has no highway . This almost daily "  catch me if you can " game is wearing thin on investigators . The longer it all goes on , the more suspicious police become . Police want to question McAfee So five days ago they dug up his dogs . I found the partially exposed graves next to a trash pit in the back behind his priceless ocean view . The flies led me there . I asked a caretaker if he was here when the police came for them . "  Yes " he said , then added another tick up the strange-o-meter by revealing , "  They cut off their heads . " Since only the heads had bullets , the investigators put the rest of the remains back in the holes , then hurriedly and poorly recovered them . A source close to the investigation said authorities probably want to see if the slugs in the dogs match the one in Faull . I stepped on the gas and my golf cart sputtered to life . Like me , it seemed to dread the bone-jarring return to town . My phone beeped ; a local friend texted me to say McAfee had just proclaimed a $ 25,000-dollar  just over 12,000 U.S. dollars  reward for information leading to the arrest of Faull 's killer . A murdered neighbor , headless dogs and a millionaire on the run granting interviews and now offering a lottery-like reward . Maybe someone could make up a more intriguing story ... but it would n't be easy .	Internet security pioneer is in hiding after neighbor 's killing McAfee 's compound is on remote island off Belize Two women claim to be among his seven live-in girlfriends Authorities dug up McAfee 's dead dogs , took their heads
CNN  Reports Wednesday that three men have been arrested over plans to travel from New York to join ISIS -- and that one of them allegedly posted online about his desire to shoot the President of the United States -- is simply the latest reminder that terrorist groups and their sympathizers are exploiting the freedom of cyberspace . Earlier this month , ISIS posted a video of its horrific burning of a captured Jordanian pilot . Unfortunately , this was not the first time ISIS has used Twitter , an American social media company , to broadcast its barbaric acts to the world . In August , when ISIS released the gruesome beheading of American journalist James Foley , it also used social media . In fact , ISIS has been using Twitter for years . Nor is ISIS the only terrorist group on Twitter . Hamas , Hezbollah and the al Qaeda branch in Syria , al-Nusra Front , are all on Twitter . On January 14 , the al Qaeda branch in Yemen , known as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula or simply AQAP , claimed responsibility via Twitter for the terrorist attacks in Paris that killed 17 people . The group has two official accounts on Twitter . There are many more examples from such groups , all of which have officially been listed as foreign designated terrorist organizations by the U.S. government . It 's with this reality in mind that on January 27 , my subcommittee held a hearing on terrorists ' use of social media . At those hearings , experts detailed how terrorist use of social media platforms has long been a problem . If social media is being used to help radicalize thousands of people and raise millions of dollars from many more , the question all this raises is this : Why is no one shutting them down ? Because American companies are n't . And nor is the American government . I 've heard two arguments for why we should keep the status quo . The first -- and easiest to set aside -- is the claim that if the U.S. government were to shut down terrorists ' social media accounts , these measures would be violating terrorists ' free speech rights . My own belief is that the Constitution does not apply to terrorists . These thugs gave up their right to free speech the first time they killed innocent civilians . We should certainly not be helping them kill more . But this is n't just my thinking . The Supreme Court has already held this to be the case in Holder v. Humanitarian Law Project , when it ruled that if someone has aided a terrorist organization , their free speech rights were not protected . Indeed , free speech does not apply when it harms others , such as creating and distributing child pornography . The second argument is that terrorists ' use of social media provides the intelligence community with information that they would not otherwise be able to acquire . But while terrorists may slip up from time to time , they are also aware that by its very nature , social media is about sharing , which means what they say can easily become widely shared . Nor is terrorist use of social media a new phenomenon . We have had years to weigh the kind of intelligence that we can gather about terrorist groups against the advantages in messaging and recruitment that terrorists gain from it . And from what I have heard , allowing this public , online jihad to continue has provided no significant intelligence breakthroughs . The fact that there are more terrorists using social media than ever before should say all we need to know about whether they are benefiting from it . To put it bluntly , private American companies should not be operating as the propaganda megaphone of foreign terrorist organizations . So what needs to change ? For a start , social media companies themselves need to do more . It is not good enough to only pay attention when bad press threatens a company 's public image after something truly horrific is posted online . Instead , companies not only have a public responsibility but a legal obligation to do more . Section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act states that it is unlawful to provide a designated foreign terrorist organization with "  material support or resources , " including "  any property , tangible or intangible , or services . " That 's about as comprehensive as you can get . What 's more , most social media companies already have terms of service with prohibition of threats of violence that would preclude terrorist use of their platforms . But companies need to do a better job of enforcing their own terms . The lack of child pornography or stolen copyrighted material on social media platforms -- content that is quickly removed if it appears at all -- demonstrates what these companies can do . With this in mind , they would do well to consider having dedicated teams that remove terrorist content , and also streamline reporting processes for offensive content so users can easily report terrorist use on their platforms . Companies have the technology and the resources to crack down on terrorists ' use of their platform ; they just need the motivation to act . This is where the federal government can assist . In 2011 , the White House promised a strategy to prevent online radicalization . But more than three years later -- and despite a summit last week aimed at tackling extremism -- we are still waiting on a that strategy . Without one , the federal government 's efforts to combat terrorist use of social media will be as haphazard and lackluster as the efforts of private social media companies . Instead , we need a strategy that clearly articulates our goals and roles , and the responsibilities of each federal agency that needs to be involved , as well as how we are going to work with civil society . It is mindboggling to think that those who behead and burn others alive are able to use our own companies against us to further their cause . But that is exactly what is occurring . American newspapers would have never allowed the Nazis to place an ad for recruitment during World War II . Designated Foreign Terrorist Organizations should not be allowed to use private American companies to reach billions of people with their violent propaganda in an instant , all for free .	ISIS and other terrorist groups have been active on social media Ted Poe : Terrorist gave up right to free speech when they killed innocent civilians
CNN  -- With the Tuesday night shooting deaths of two students from the University of Texas in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , six U.S. citizens have been killed in the volatile region this week , according to the U.S. consul general . "  We offer our deepest condolences to the families of victims . These incidences underscore U.S. travel warnings for Mexico , " Consul General Dean J. Haas told CNN . "  The current warning is clear and states that U.S. citizens should defer unnecessary travel to Juarez and areas near the Mexican border . " The current travel warning for U.S. citizens posted on the State Department website states , "  Recent violent attacks and persistent security concerns have prompted the U.S. Embassy to urge U.S. citizens to defer unnecessary travel to Michoacán and Tamaulipas , to parts of Chihuahua , Sinaloa , Durango , and Coahuila , and to advise U.S. citizens residing or traveling in those areas to exercise extreme caution . " The consulate , based in Ciudad Juarez , would not comment on the extent of U.S. involvement in the investigation of the U.S. citizens killed in Mexico or their effect on relations with Mexico . "  Mexican authorities are in charge of this investigation , " Haas said . "  The U.S. government is engaged on a broad bilateral basis on a variety of issues , including law enforcement , with the Mexican government . " Violence is commonplace near the nations ' border as powerful drug cartels battle for control of lucrative smuggling routes into the United States . "  We encourage U.S. citizens traveling in this area to register with the consulate . We have a mechanism to communicate travel updates of registered citizens within the state of Chihuahua , " Haas said . According to Haas , 108 U.S. citizens have been killed in the consular district of Chihuahua since October 1 , 2009 . Lorena Izaguirre died of multiple gunshot wounds outside a tortilla shop on Saturday . In a separate incident on Saturday , Jovana Herrera and Luis Carlos Araiza where shot while driving a BMW near the Zaragoza International Bridge . Edgar Lopez died outside a house in Ciudad Juarez of multiple gunshot wounds , authorities said . On Tuesday , University of Texas at El Paso students Manuel Acosta Villalobos , 25 , and Eder Diaz Sotero , 23 , were gunned down in a hail of more than 30 bullets while driving in Chihuahua State , Mexico .	Incidents underscore U.S. travel warnings for Mexico , U.S. consul general says 108 U.S. citizens have been killed in the consular district since October 1 , 2009 , he says Consulate wo n't comment on extent of U.S. involvement in investigations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They were entrusted with gold . The Beatles , shown here in 1964 , left behind a wealth of material , which was carefully handled by EMI 's engineers . When the Beatles ' longtime record label , EMI , decided to remaster the Beatles ' music , they gave the raw material to a handful of men . Among them were EMI engineers Allan Rouse , the project coordinator , and Sean Magee . Rouse , in particular , was familiar with the tapes . He was the person who had copied them from their original analog form to digital as a safety backup in 1991 . He 's since worked on the Beatles projects "  Live at the BBC , " "  The Beatles Anthology " and "  Let It Be ... Naked . " CNN 's Jim Boulden was given the chance to sit down with Rouse and Magee . The following is an edited and condensed version of the interview . For the complete interview -- including some technical details -- click here  . pdf file -- requires Adobe Acrobat CNN : Why was this project taken and why so long ? Rouse : It was started 4 1/2 years ago and it has taken over that period of time about a year to do the whole thing . On average about two weeks per album . Explore a timeline of the Beatles over the decades CNN : What does this allow you to do that you could n't have done to these songs before ? Rouse : When they were originally transferred to CD in 1986 , digital technology was in its infancy and the gap of 22 years has allowed for a great increase in that technology . So the transfers are far superior now and that was before we actually did any work to them . In addition to that , we had decided that we wanted to remove or improve technical faults within the recordings that could have been a bad edit , a dropout , vocal sibilance , vocal pops . Things that were directly related to the technical recording rather than the human recordings , so in other words we have n't taken out breaths or little coughs or squeaky chairs or Ringo 's occasional squeaky bassdrum pedal . CNN : Tell us about the process ? And that is where you came in -LSB- Sean -RSB- . Magee : The first part of the process is choosing what equipment you are going to use to do the image and the transfers . ... And then after choosing ... everything was transferred track by track into protocols , making sure the tape heads were nice and clean and the tape speed was constantly monitored , so the best possible transfer could happen . Then Guy Massey , who did all the transfers , went in with the restoration engineer -- a guy named Simon Gibson -- they then looked at all the various ticks , pops , sibilance and sorted all that out . ... That now becomes your master tape and that 's when we started , really . CNN : Each -LSB- song -RSB- had its own challenges ? Magee : Absolutely . CNN : What were the differences ? Would it take a week on a song , six months on a song ? Magee : More likely four or five hours on a song . On average we took about two weeks per album . But sometimes it might be three or four hours on a song , it might be 10 minutes on a song . CNN : How much involvement was there from the Beatles themselves ? Rouse : They were n't involved in the process . Obviously they have to sign off on it . So when we finished it , we provided them with a copy of every album . But the process was over such a long period of time and it would be very complicated to have involved them anyway . I 'd like to think they have some trust in us because we 've done numerous other jobs for Apple . CNN : And you have n't heard back and that is good news ? Rouse : Basically , if the phone does n't ring , that is good news , yes . CNN : There always will be people who say ... you are messing with something in the original -- Rouse : Playing with the crown jewels . CNN : There probably will be a critic out there that will complain . Rouse : Yes . CNN : But you are clearly pleased with your outcome ? Rouse : Yes , I think , actually before we even started work on them , by doing an -LSB- equalization -RSB- ... they actually sounded better and I think quite frankly , probably the closest they have sounded to the original masters , than they have done ever before . CNN : Anything surprise you by going through this whole process ? Rouse : Probably the only surprise is that when I started buying the vinyl in the '60s , I bought stereo , so I had never heard mono , and to be honest with you it was actually quite a fascinating experience to sit and listen to , particularly "  Sgt. Pepper " in mono . I mean , up until "  Sgt. Pepper " and beyond , up to the White Album in fact , the monos were considered to be the real masters in the sense that in the '60s Britain was n't up to speed , we had n't quite got to stereo . The only people who really had stereo in those days were people who could afford it and invariably that meant they were listening to classical music or middle-of-the-road music . ... To suddenly hear the monos , I don ¹ t think , in fact , I had listened to the mono "  Sgt. Pepper " in all the years I have been doing Beatles work . Until this particular time . CNN : The press release says you took out bad edits . I did n't know there would have been bad edits in the original Beatles . Rouse : There was n't many to be honest , I mean it was just an issue that we could deal with now . There were a few songs where they had created it over two takes and they wanted to use a part of one take and a part of another , and sometimes the edit was n't as good as it could be . In some cases we could n't do anything about it , But if we could we would try and smooth it over so it was n't so obvious . CNN : Did you achieve -LSB- what you were going for -RSB- ? Rouse : I think that 's up to other people to judge , is n't it . ... It was a team effort . And I think that was the most important thing , one person wasn ¹ t involved in just doing the one thing . In fact it would have been ... CNN : Awful ? Rouse : ... it would have been unfair . CNN : Was there a time pressure as well ? Rouse : No there was no time pressure . There was a possibility of them coming out sooner , but we were way up anyway by that point . That got extended . I think that when EMI put the press release out , we all did a double take and thought , "  Oh my God , they 're coming out now . We can ¹ t do anything about it now . Should we go back and start again ? " There was some fear and trepidation at that point . Realizing that after four years not quite knowing when they were gon na come out , to suddenly be told "  That 's it , no more time lads . You 're finished . " iReport.com : Share your review of the Beatles box sets CNN : And now they are ready for digital downloads if we get to that point . Rouse : They are . If they do .	Engineers spent more than four years on Beatles catalog remastering Group strived to stay as close to originals as possible , yet clean up flaws One of the biggest surprises : hearing the mono versions
London  CNN  -- A new window on your life may soon be opened from space -- in high quality video and in almost real-time . The resolution might not be clear enough to pick out individual faces but if the simulation footage proves accurate then a video camera soon to be attached to the International Space Station  ISS  will be able to show high definition movies capable of detailing your car moving on the highway . UrtheCast , the company behind the idea , aims to stream the video for free over the web and make the data open source so you can integrate it into your own applications . "  To track and see people moving from space is 100 % unique , " said UrtheCast president Scott Larson . He explained that their images will have more pixels than most computer screens so the streaming footage will appear somewhat "  downgraded . " But he said those who choose to pay for a subscription will have access to higher quality raw imagery from which they can glean detailed information . UrtheCast says the video will be available between 30 minutes and two hours after shooting and the high quality footage will have a resolution down to a meter . Google currently provides similar quality still images for some parts of the world which are made up from satellite pictures and aerial photography . It declined to comment on the resolution but points out that it upgraded its service in June . The American space agency NASA provides real-time video from the space station , except when it 's out of communication . NASA spokesman Joshua Byerly says the footage is typically of the ISS laboratories in the day , and outside the station in standard definition when the crew goes to sleep . Larson said the UrtheCast imagery will be useful for monitoring crop growth and disease , water resources and the rate and scale of deforestation . The company website also shows how the data could be used to help in the wake of disasters by , for example , showing emergency response teams the safest , fastest access routes . "  Developers will think of far more creative applications than we 'd ever be able to , which is essentially the Internet model ... let the developers and users drive its effectiveness , " said Larson . Scientists from Rutherford Appleton Laboratory  RAL  in England built two cameras for UrtheCast  one medium resolution and one high resolution  at a cost of several million dollars . They are due to be launched on a Russian spacecraft from Baikonur Cosmodrome in November , and the team hopes to see them in action in 2014 . Ian Tosh , the ISS camera project manager at RAL , told CNN : "  The key thing about this video camera is that it 's on a platform outside the space station which can point on two axes so when the space station comes over the horizon you can point the camera to a target on the ground and track it for two to three minutes -- that 's never been done before . "  You may think the military are doing this all the time -- that they can read number plates and newsprint -- but that 's not the reality . You ca n't see faces ; you would n't be able to recognize someone lying naked in the back garden , so we 're not going down the route of blanking out faces because you ca n't see them . "  What you will definitely see is cars going down the motorway . You 'll still be able to see lines on runways and crowds of people . " Space expert Stuart Eves , who worked on the Earth observation satellite "  TopSat , " said he admired the ambition of the project but highlighted some limitations . He pointed out that ISS has "  an orbit repeat cycle of three days , and does n't get back to the same lighting conditions for more than 60 days . "  The video element is really for entertainment value -- it 's nice to watch , " he said . But he added that delays in getting the imagery back means that you ca n't use it for practical real-time applications like vehicles moving along a motorway , and underlined that the space station is only over a specific target for less than 10 minutes as it moves overhead . The issue of privacy may worry some -- knowing that they can be filmed from space -- but Larson argues that many of us are already closely monitored by CCTV and can be tracked by the signals from our cell phones . "  It 's less invasive than that , " he said , adding that there will be some restrictions on the imagery that can be released to the public . According to Ian Tosh , the Russians wo n't allow data of their territories to be released . Producing a camera that can survive the rigors of space is technically challenging . The lenses have to be made with fine precision , able to survive the degradation caused by radiation in space , the vibration at launch and keep their shape despite the extreme ranges of temperature in orbit . "  Polishing -LSB- lenses -RSB- has n't changed much since Galileo -- it 's still a grinding process , " said Tosh . "  The optical surface has to be good to 60 billionths of a meter deviation from the ideal surface . We 've got to have a thermal system that can keep the temperature uniform in the telescope and within certain bounds so that we can stay in focus . " If the mission can overcome the technical hurdles and survive the hazards of launch , UrtheCast says its cameras will capture an area of the globe so large that it contains the majority of the world 's population .	Footage from cameras due to be fitted to the space station will be streamed on the Internet UrtheCast says the video data could be used to help in the wake of disasters The company president Scott Larson argues that video from the space station will be less of an invasion of privacy than current CCTV networks Urthecast also says its cameras will capture an area of the globe so large that it contains the majority of the world 's population
CNN  Emergency operators get lots of crazy calls , but few start like this . Caller : "  Hello , I 'm trapped in this plane and I called my job , but I 'm in this plane . " Operator : "  You 're where ? " Caller : "  I 'm inside a plane and I feel like it 's up moving in the air . Flight 448 can you please tell somebody  to  stop it . " The frantic 911 call came just as the Alaska Airlines flight had taken off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday afternoon . The caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold . The cell phone call soon broke up , but the man was making himself known in other ways as the crew and passengers reported unusual banging from the belly of the Boeing 737 . The pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing . "  There could be a person in there so we 're going to come back around , " he told air traffic control . The ramp agent who took the untimely nap and caused all the fuss is an employee of Menzies Aviation , a contractor for Alaska Airlines that handles loading the luggage . He 'll no longer have the option of dozing aboard one of the airline 's planes . "  The Menzies employee has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines planes , " said Bobbie Egan , a spokeswoman for the airline . Flight 448 , which was on its way to Los Angeles , only spent 14 minutes in the air . Other than being scared , the agent never was in any real danger . The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled , the airline said . The passengers knew something was n't right , almost as soon as the plane took off . "  All of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane and we thought there was something wrong with the landing gear , " Robert Higgins told CNN affiliate KABC . Not everyone heard the banging , but it was soon clear this was n't a normal flight . "  We just took off for L.A. regular and then ... about five minutes into the flight the captain came on and said we were going back and we 'd land within five to seven minutes , and we did , " passenger Marty Collins told affiliate KOMO . "  When we landed was when all the trucks and the police and the fire trucks surrounded the plane . " "  I think it 's scary and really unsafe , too , " Chelsie Nieto told affiliate KCPQ . "  Because what if it 's someone who could have been a terrorist ? " The employee started work at 5 a.m. and his shift was scheduled to end at 2:30 p.m. , just before the flight departed . The agent was off the two days prior to the incident and had taken a lunch break and a break in the afternoon before making his way into the cargo hold , according to a source familiar with the investigation . The man had been on a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight . "  During a pre-departure huddle , the team lead noticed the employee was missing . The team lead called into the cargo hold for the employee and called and texted the employee 's cell phone , but did not receive an answer . His co-workers believed he finished his shift and went home , " the airline 's blog said . It 's believed he was hidden by luggage , making it difficult for the rest of his team to see him , the source said . All ramp employees have security badges , and undergo full criminal background checks before being hired , according to the airline . After the delay , the flight with 170 passengers and six crew members on board made it to Los Angeles a couple of hours late . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Joshua Gaynor and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The ramp agent fell asleep in the plane 's cargo hold He can no longer work on Alaska Airlines flights
In sting operation last July , undercover FBI agents gained access to a hotel suite by disabling the hotel 's Internet , and then posing as Internet repair technicians . Now one of the suspects who was charged in the sting is crying foul . At Caesar 's Palace , a casino hotel on the Strip in Las Vegas , FBI agents deliberately cut off the Internet for a suite used by Paul Phua , a high-stakes gambler . Then , they showed up at the suite and made a bogus service call . On their undercover video , you can hear the imposters asking their targets what the trouble is . "  Good morning . We 're going to see if we can get the DSL working again , " one of them says . But during the visit , the agents were actually videotaping the hotel room and its occupants in secret , looking for evidence of online gambling . Phua was subsequently charged with operating an illegal gambling business , some of which was allegedly conducted using the computers set up at the hotel . Authorities allege he is a high-ranking member of the 14-K triad , an Asian crime syndicate . But he is fighting the charges , saying they are based on evidence collected under false pretenses , and that any evidence obtained through a warrantless search based on deception should be tossed out . "  The evidence is the fruit of a flagrant violation of the Fourth Amendment , " his lawyers said in a court filing . The FBI declined to comment , referring inquiries to the prosecutor 's office in Las Vegas . The prosecutors ' office said it will respond in court to the complaint , but could not comment to the media on a pending case . But former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes , who served on the agency 's review committee for undercover operations for five years , said undercover operations are carefully reviewed before they are conducted , including by agency lawyers . "  The idea that the entire division went rogue and ran this operation without FBI headquarters ' concurrence , or senior executive management concurrence and approval , and the United States attorneys , it just does n't sound right to me , " Fuentes said . He also said a citizen might not be able to expect the same right to privacy in the common room of his hotel suite , as he would at home in his bedroom . But Tom Goldstein , an attorney for Phua , says the public should be concerned that authorities are trying to surreptitiously conduct searches , using a service interruption as a pretext . "  The danger here is that agents will cut off not only the Internet , but your electricity , your phone , your cable television , " said Goldstein , "  or at least , you 'll worry that it 's the government -- every time you have a problem in your house -- that maybe it 's an undercover agent that responds . "	The FBI was investigating online gambling Agents disabled the Internet at a hotel suite used by a suspect Posing as technicians , the agents videotaped the room and its occupants in secret Attorney : If citizens call for for repair "  maybe it 's an undercover agent that responds "
The United States deployed 80 members of its armed forces to Chad to help in the search for the kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls , the White House said Wednesday . "  These personnel will support the operation of intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft for missions over northern Nigeria and the surrounding area , " it said in a letter . "  The force will remain in Chad until its support in resolving the kidnapping situation is no longer required . " President Barack Obama informed the House speaker and the president of the Senate of the move . The forces will be involved in maintaining aircraft and analyzing data , but because they are armed , the President is required by law to inform the speaker of the House , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  These are not combat infantry troops that we put into Chad , " Kirby told CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Wednesday . "  These are folks that are there to support the reconnaissance mission . " Boko Haram abducted more than 200 girls last month from a school in northern Nigeria . Officials have speculated that the militants may have transported them to neighboring Chad or Cameroon , but it 's not clear where the girls are or whether they 've left Nigeria . So why are troops deploying to Chad ? "  Just geographically , Chad 's a great location to do this from , " Kirby said , adding that the United States has a good relationship with its government . Reconnaissance flights will be searching an area roughly the size of West Virginia , he said , that includes parts of Nigeria and other countries . The deployment is not based on any new intelligence leads , a senior administration official said . "  The truth is , we do n't know exactly where they are , " Kirby said . "  We still believe that they 've broken up into small groups and dispersed . " A U.S. Predator drone will now be aiding in the search for the girls , a Pentagon official told CNN . Half of the new group of U.S. troops will be operating the launch and recovery of the unarmed drone on its missions , and half of them will be providing security on the ground in Chad . Nigeria asks U.N. to designate Boko Haram as terrorist group Also Wednesday , Nigeria asked the United Nations to designate Boko Haram as a terrorist organization as its escalating attacks spread alarm nationwide . If approved , it will enable countries to impose arms embargoes , travel bans and asset freezes . A United Nations al Qaeda committee is expected to decide when it meets Thursday . Nigeria 's request lists the terror group as an affiliate of al Qaeda . This is a "  significant step " in the fight against terror , said Joy Ogwu , the Nigerian ambassador to the United Nations . The United States branded Boko Haram a terrorist group last year , providing greater access to its finances and more ability to limit its movements . U.S. officials have said Boko Haram does not have financing in the United States . The insurgent group has escalated its attacks in Africa 's most populous nation as its bloodletting extends far beyond its hotbed in the rural northeast . In attacks that appear to be getting more frequent , twin blasts killed at least 118 people Tuesday at a market in the central city of Jos. The explosions went off 20 to 30 minutes apart , sparking an inferno that sent crowds running and screaming , covered in blood . Nigerian authorities described the blasts as "  terrorist activities " but declined to speculate on who might be responsible . In separate attacks in Borno state this week , at least 30 people were killed by members of the terror group , according to local residents . Boko Haram attackers swooped in on motorcycles Monday and killed 10 people in one village , residents said . A day later , gunmen stormed a nearby village and killed 20 others , residents said . During the attacks , Boko Haram set fire to homes and food stores , residents said , and fired machine guns . The group has not claimed responsibility for those attacks . Both villages are close to where the more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped . Boko Haram claimed responsibility in a chilling video and said he was willing to free the girls in exchange for imprisoned militants . "  These vicious attacks on defenseless Nigerian civilians and Boko Haram 's abduction last month of more than 200 girls in Chibok are unconscionable , terrorist acts demanding accountability and justice , " the U.S. State Department said in a statement . Officials condemn attacks , vow to stamp out terrorism The sudden escalation of attacks , together with the failure to find the missing schoolgirls , has spread concern about the government 's inability to quash the insurgency . Protesters have gathered daily nationwide to express frustration over the lack of progress in rescuing the schoolgirls . "  Last weekend in Paris the international community and regional leaders made clear their collective determination to support Nigeria and defeat the scourge of terrorism , " the UK Foreign Office said in a statement . "  The Jos attack has only strengthened our resolve . " Nigeria and four neighboring countries -- including Chad -- will share intelligence and border surveillance in the search for the missing girls while Western nations will provide technical expertise and training in a new effort against the extremists . The plan was announced over the weekend during a security summit hosted by French President Francois Hollande to address the growing threats from the group . Boko Haram translates to "  Western education is a sin " in the Hausa language . It says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . Blasts at market kill 118 in central Nigeria , official says Opinion : Media turns Boko Haram into ` superstar monsters ' Devastating Nigeria attacks show twisted ambition of Boko Haram	A Pentagon official says a Predator drone is joining the search U.S. sending 80 members of its armed forces to Chad to help in search for the girls Pentagon spokesman : "  These are not combat troops " Troops are going to Chad because it 's "  a great location " geographically , he says
Washington  CNN  As accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev goes on trial Monday few doubt the outcome of the first phase of the two-phase trial . It 's the second , the sentencing phase , including a possible death sentence , that has been the subject of behind the scenes discussions . Federal prosecutors and defense attorneys for Tsarnaev have held talks on a possible plea agreement but failed to reach one , U.S. officials familiar with the talks say . The discussions in recent months have centered on the possibility of Tsarnaev pleading guilty and receiving a life sentence without parole , according to the officials . 13 things you should know about the trial But the talks have reached an impasse because the Justice Department has resisted removing the death penalty as a possibility , these officials say . A spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney in Boston declined to comment . Attorney Judy Clarke , who represents Tsarnaev , did n't respond to a request for comment . The outcome so far is unusual for Clarke who helped negotiate plea deals that saved the lives of notorious criminals including 9/11 plotter Zacarias Moussaoui , Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and Jared Loughner , who carried out the mass shooting that killed six and gravely injured former Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords . RELATED : A tale of two Tsarnaevs on eve of trial in Boston Marathon bombing Jury selection is set to begin Monday in the case , with Tsarnaev facing 30 counts including detonating a weapon of mass destruction . Three people died and 264 people were injured in the April 15 attacks . Attorney General Eric Holder is a critic of the death penalty , but he authorized seeking capital punishment in this case saying Tsarnaev acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner . " He also cited a seeming lack of remorse . Tsnarnaev 's brother Tamerlan was killed in a confrontation with police during the manhunt that followed the bombing . Among the evidence prosecutors are expected to use against him are statements claiming to be angry at U.S. wars that killed Muslims in Afghanistan and Iraq . There are several reasons to pursue a plea deal , including to spare survivors and victim families from having to relive the trauma of the bombings , and to save financial costs in a case that has already cost millions of dollars . The case 's toll on victim families has been at issue in the case . Prosecutors tried to bar Tsarnaev from being able to view autopsy photos of victims , claiming it would cause new suffering to their survivors . A judge rejected that request . Boston US Attorney Carmen Ortiz has overseen the plea discussions . Any decision to remove the death penalty as a possibility would have approval from Holder . The attorney general Friday also authorized prosecutors to seek the death penalty against the man accused of shooting a TSA employee at Los Angeles Airport in 2013 . RELATED : Boston bomb suspect Tsarnaev makes last scheduled appearance before trial	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's defense attorneys and federal prosecutors have spoken but failed to reach a plea deal One of the biggest outstanding questions of the trial is whether Tsarnaev will get the death penalty or life without parole Attorney General Eric Holder is a critic of the death penalty , but he authorized seeking capital punishment in this case
CNN  -- Viewers have learned that television 's no-nonsense Judge Judy cuts through the bull and gets to the heart of the matter . Judge Judy says Americans have the fortitude to get through this economic crisis . On Monday night 's "  Larry King Live , " Judge Judy turned her sharp legal mind to matters of the economy , sharing why she thinks Americans have what it takes to navigate the hard months ahead . And she also has some advice for President Obama and sharp-worded assessments of Bernie Madoff and AIG bonuses . The following transcript has been edited for brevity and clarity : Larry King , host : The polls show the public worried about the economy . You had Warren Buffett on , and we had him on . And he called it an economic Pearl Harbor . When you look around , what 's your take ? Judge Judy Sheindlin : A lot of people are scared . A lot of people who had money do n't have money anymore . A lot of people who did n't have a lot of money have a lot less . And I think everybody is frightened because for the first time -- at least in my memory -- people like Warren Buffett are saying that this is not a good thing . However , I do believe that this is a great country . And I do believe that . I think the fundamentals of America are strong . This country has a wonderful spirit . And I think that , in the end , the spirit will take it through . It may take a couple of years . I wish I were younger so that I would have more years to enjoy it . But I think we 'll be fine . Watch Judge Judy 's entire interview with Larry King " King : Do you think the president is setting the right tone ? Judge Judy : I resent it when any part of the government refers to people who have money in the pejorative . When states and cities and our country say we 're going to tax the rich -- and that word rich or wealthy does n't sound like it comes from success of hard work , but from something negative -- I resent it . ... I do n't mind paying more taxes . It 's not going to impact on my lifestyle . I would say we respect those people who realized , through their hard work , the American dream . And what we 're asking them for is a little more of a sacrifice , because the people at the low end ca n't give anymore . That would make me at least feel as if I was giving more , but it was appreciated . King : So do n't seem like it 's a slam at being rich . Judge Judy : Right . King : The top-named villain of the piece , when the history of this era is written , will be Bernie Madoff . What do you make of that whole story ? Judge Judy : I think he has -- or had -- the ego the size of Noah 's ark and very little conscience . King : Why do you think he confessed to all this ? He could have gotten on a plane and gone to Brazil , where we do n't have an extradition treaty . ... And so he -LSB- gets -RSB- life in prison Judge Judy : Maybe he never thought it would happen . I do n't know . I think that the book has n't yet been written on Bernie Madoff . King : Anyway , we 've got a King Cam question relating to the Madoff case . Let 's watch and then we 'll get Judge Judy 's answer . Randy : Hi , Judge Judy . My name is Randy . And I just wondered what kind of sentence would you give Bernie Madoff if you were giving him a sentence ? Judge Judy : Well , Bernie Madoff is 70 years old . And I think if he 's sentenced to 30 years in prison , that 's an appropriate period of time . And if he lives to be 100 and he is eligible for parole and makes parole , so be it . ... I was surprised he did n't kill himself , quite frankly , were n't you ? King : Yes , I was . ... We took King Cam to the streets to see what all of you are talking about . Most people wanted Judy to answer one thing in particular . Debbie : I was just wondering what you think about the AIG bailout and giving over $ 160 million in bonuses ? Judge Judy : We now own , you and I , 80 percent of AIG . And the excuse given for paying out these bonuses were that they were contracts and you ca n't void those contracts without consequences . And I think it 's sort of interesting that you ca n't void contracts because these people were engaged in actions that were irresponsible , reckless and caused substantial damage . How can they void the contracts of police officers and firemen and other civil servants who they 're forcing to take furlough days despite the fact they have contracts ? They 're forcing them to take furlough days to make up budgets . King : Are we going to get it -LSB- AIG bailout money -RSB- back ? Judge Judy : I do n't think you 'll ever see it back . I think that these people know that money is never coming back . But it seems to me if a company is n't working , there comes a point where you have to say that 's what Chapter 11 is for . King : Your parents were shaped by the Great Depression , right ? How did they handle money ? Judge Judy : My parents were generous . My mother always said it 's nice to give with a warm hand . So I think that that shapes the way I deal with my children and money . ... I think that maybe we 'll get back to more basics . Maybe people will understand that they have to have something in the bank because in hard times , you never know when they 're going to turn around . Never . And I also think that while banks and financial institutions have to bear a great deal of the blame for where we are , I do n't pass over the individual and individual responsibility . If you 're earning $ 50,000 a year , you have no business buying a million dollar house . ... King : Proposition 8 , it bans marriage of two -LSB- people of the -RSB- same gender . The high court of the state of California heard the appeal of the vote of the people . What do you think ? Judge Judy : We 've got a lot of trouble in this country . We 've got a lot of trouble in the world . Why the state should be interested in proscribing the word marriage from two people who love each other , who are responsible , tax-paying , productive people , who have created a family ... why the state would have an interest in proscribing that kind of conduct , I do n't understand . I understand the anger about poverty . I understand the anger about AIG . I understand the problem about the banks . I understand the problem about Afghanistan and the Taliban and everything else . But I do n't understand the preoccupation with gays being permitted to marry .	Judge Judy tells Larry King that Americans can buckle down , get through crisis Obama should n't vilify the rich , but appeal to their sense of social duty , she says Judge Judy on Bernie Madoff : "  I think he has the ego the size of Noah 's ark " If civil servants have to take furloughs , AIG execs can give up bonuses , she says
CNN  -- It 's become a go-to tool for journalists , a digital man-on-the-street interview when big news breaks : see what they 're saying on Twitter . There 's just one problem with that , says the Pew Research Center . Opinions expressed in the rapid-fire Twitter echo chamber , particularly in response to political news , are often at odds with the general public 's . The differences ? Sometimes Twitter is more liberal . At other times , it 's more conservative . And it 's very nearly always more negative . "  Overall , the reaction to political events on Twitter reflects a combination of the unique profile of active Twitter users and the extent to which events engage different communities and draw the comments of active users , " the report reads . "  While this provides an interesting look into how communities of interest respond to different circumstances , it does not reliably correlate with the overall reaction of adults nationwide . " In the yearlong study , Pew focused on political events such as the result of the 2012 presidential election , the first presidential debate between President Barack Obama and challenger Mitt Romney and several speeches given by Obama . Some examples : When Obama won re-election , public opinion polls suggested 52 % of the public was pleased and 45 % unhappy . On Twitter , a full 77 % of tweets about his win were positive and only 23 % negative . Similarly , only 20 % of the public told pollsters they thought Obama did a better job than Romney in their first debate  the one in which Obama was criticized for looking tired and unfocused  . But 59 % of tweets favored him . Part of that might be explained by looking at who uses Twitter . Pew 's research shows that Twitter users are considerably younger than the general public and more likely to lean Democratic . In a 2012 survey , half of adults who said they posted news on Twitter were younger than 30 , compared with 23 % of all adults . And 57 % of those who posted news on Twitter were either Democrats or leaned Democratic , compared with 46 % of the general public . But Twitter pundits do n't always lean to the left . Nearly half of the U.S. public  48 %  thought Obama did a good job on his second inaugural address . But only 13 % of the tweets about it echoed that opinion . Opinions about Sen. John Kerry being nominated as Obama 's secretary of state split the general public : 39 % approved , 36 % disapproved and 26 % had no opinion . On Twitter , a measly 6 % expressed support , while 32 % were negative and a clear majority , 62 % , expressed no opinion . The reason for such a swing , Pew said , is that on Twitter , unlike in opinion polls , users decide what they think is important enough to mention publicly . A generally popular event might not be portrayed that way if an angry minority is more inspired to post about it . For example , nearly 14 million wrote on Twitter about Obama 's re-election while a mere 70,000 remarked on Kerry 's nomination . Politics also reflect a truth that anyone who 's followed the Oscars , Super Bowl , debate nights or , really , any public event can attest to -- the Twitter universe is never happier than when it 's being snarky , or downright nasty , to someone . "  The overall negativity on Twitter over the course of the campaign stood out , " Pew writes . "  For both candidates , negative comments exceeded positive comments by a wide margin throughout the fall campaign season . " There were more negative than positive comments about Obama and Romney on Twitter . The negative comments about Obama bounced back and forth between 40 % to 50 % throughout the campaign , while positives went up to about 30 % and down into the teens .  Remember , lots of comments can be neutral  . Romney 's negatives were higher . Usually , between 50 % to 60 % of talk about him was not nice , while positives only broke above 20 % during the campaign 's final days . Another thing to keep in mind when monitoring the conversation on Twitter : While it seems to be omnipresent among the digitally connected  yes , like we journalists tend to be  , its overall reach is modest compared to other media . In the Pew 's 2012 news consumption survey , just 13 % of adults said they ever use Twitter or read Twitter messages . Only 3 % said they regularly or sometimes tweet or retweet news or news headlines on Twitter .	Study : Twitter opinions rarely reflect those of the general public Pew Research says the most significant difference is that Twitter 's more negative Twitter users are younger than the public and more identify as politically liberal But during some events , the site skewed too conservative vis-a-vis opinion polls
CNN  -- Thirty armed militants were killed on Thursday during a fight with troops in southern Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . Afghan National Army  ANA  soldiers listen to a speach in Nadi Ali district , Helmand province , on February 5 , 2009 . The incident occurred in the Gereshk district of Helmand province , and the militants were killed by Afghan soldiers advised by coalition troops , the U.S. military said in a statement . Afghan soldiers had been conducting "  combat reconnaissance in an area of known militant presence , " the statement said , when militants fired at the troops with small-arms and rocket-propelled grenades and a firefight eventually broke out . The troops made sure non-combatants were not in the area when they fired at the militants , the military statement said . One Afghan soldier received minor injuries in the incident . "  This engagement was yet another blow to the militants , who are quickly losing their ability to operate in Helmand province , " a coalition official said in the statement . "  The Afghan National Army is working to rid Afghanistan of extremists who are only trying to destabilize the country and sabotage Afghan freedom . " Meanwhile , an Australian soldier has been killed by an improvised explosive device Thursday during operations in southern Afghanistan , Australia 's Defense Ministry said . He is the second Australian to be killed in Afghanistan this week . Ten Australian troops have died in the Afghan conflict . Defense Force Chief Angus Houston said the "  soldier was trying to clear the route of an Australian patrol when the explosion happened . " He was trying to defuse the explosive when "  there was an explosion and he was killed , " Houston said . Houston said the soldier was an expert in countering roadside bombs . "  He lost his life trying to make the environment safe for his mates . At this point in time we do not know what caused the explosion , " said Houston , who did not say where in the south the incident occurred . On Monday , Australian Cpl. Mathew Hopkins was killed in a firefight in Afghanistan . He had been part of a joint patrol near Kakarak , north of Tarin Kowt in Uruzgan province .	Militants killed during a fight with troops in Gereshk district of Helmand province Afghan soldiers had been conducting combat reconnaissance Militants fired at the troops with small-arms and rocket-propelled grenades Australian soldier killed by an improvised explosive device in southern Afghanistan
CNN  Angelina Jolie 's essay in the New York Times revealing that she had her ovaries and Fallopian tubes removed to lower her risk of cancer provoked an outpouring of support as the news spread across social media . Jolie , 39 , wrote that she had opted for the surgery after blood tests revealed markers that might have been an indication of early cancer . Two years ago , she underwent a double mastectomy for similar reasons . Jolie 's mother died of ovarian cancer , and the actress has a gene mutation that makes her chances of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer much higher than the overall population . Many were inspired by her decision and her choice to open up about the surgery . Others saw an opportunity for helping educate women and advocate for their health , a cause near and dear to Jolie 's own heart . Some worried for the star , who wrote in her op-ed that "  the fact is I remain prone to cancer . " The Internet being what it is , others took Jolie 's announcement as a chance to mock . Most , however , were n't having any of it .	Praise pours in for Angelina Jolie 's decision to go public with surgery decision She had ovaries , Fallopian tubes removed to reduce cancer risk , she says in New York Times "  Angelina Jolie is an amazing woman , " one Twitter user wrote
CNN -- Cancer is one of the leading causes of death in the world , particularly in developing countries . Tobacco use is one of the largest causes of cancer in the world . In 2008 a report by the International Agency for Research on Cancer revealed that , until recently , cancer was considered a disease of westernized , industrialized countries . Today the situation has changed dramatically , with the majority of the global cancer cases now found in the developing world . However , myths and misconceptions about cancer still abound . Below CNN 's Vital Signs has compiled facts from the World Health Organization about this killer disease . -- There are more than 100 types of cancers ; any part of the body can be affected . -- Cancer is a leading cause of death worldwide : In 2007 , it accounted for 7.9 million deaths  around 13 per cent of all deaths  in 2007 . -- The five most common types of cancer that kill men worldwide are  in order of frequency  : lung , stomach , liver , colorectal and esophagus . -- While for women worldwide the five most common types of cancer are : breast , lung , stomach , colorectal and cervical . -- About 72 per cent of all cancer deaths in 2007 occurred in low - and middle-income countries . -- Deaths from cancer worldwide are projected to continue rising , with an estimated 12 million deaths in 2030 . -- The WHO estimates that 30 per cent of cancers can be prevented , mainly by not using tobacco , having a healthy diet and being physically active . -- Tobacco use is the single largest preventable cause of cancer in the world . -- A third of cancers could be cured if detected early and treated adequately . -- A fifth of all cancers in the world are caused by a chronic infection , for example human papillomavirus  HPV  causes cervical cancer and hepatitis B virus  HBV  causes liver cancer . Source : The World Health Organization	The majority of cancer cases are now found in developing countries 72 per cent of all cancer deaths in 2007 occurred in poorer countries By 2030 , WHO estimates there will be 12 million cancer related deaths worldwide A third of cancers can be cured if detected early and treated adequately
CNN  -- Less than 24 hours before the presidential election , Kevin Sheen has yet to decide who will get his vote . iReporter Kevin Sheen of Nebraska says he has yet to decide on who to vote for . "  I 'm actually still wrestling with moral issues , " says the 29-year-old registered Democrat , who voted for George W. Bush in 2004 . Sheen is one of the 5 percent of American voters who are either undecided or could change their mind before Election Day . It 's not unusual for a small percentage of Americans to be undecided in the final hours before casting their votes . In 2004 , a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll released two days before the election showed 3 percent of those surveyed were still undecided . In 2000 , 4 percent of those surveyed said they were undecided two days before the election . Watch the psychology behind undecided voters " This year , the most recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation Poll shows the number of undecideds is much smaller . iReport.com : One year later , still undecided "  In our last poll , we only had about 1 percent who said they were undecided and only about 4 percent who said they might consider changing their minds . So there is hardly anyone left who could be considered undecided , or even persuadable , " says CNN polling director Keating Holland . Sheen , of Lincoln , Nebraska , says his vote is coming down to one issue : abortion . Sheen says he 's "  definitely pro-life " and he 's trying to decide whether Democrat Barack Obama or Republican John McCain is more in line with his views . "  Neither of them have the track record I would like in a political candidate . So at this point , it 's me sort of deciding upon , who do I think will be the best representation for if something is able to happen with the issue of abortion , " he says . iReport : Still undecided ? What gives ? Does he hope to make his decision before heading into the polling booth ? "  That 's the plan anyway , " he says . The presidential candidates and their running mates were visiting more than a dozen states Monday in a final push to try to sway voters like Sheen to their side . With hours to go in this campaign , polls show McCain trailing Obama by 7 percentage points . Watch last-minute ads flood battleground states " McCain began a seven-state blitz with a rally in Tampa , Florida , on Monday morning . He then was heading to Tennessee , Pennsylvania , Indiana , New Mexico and Nevada . McCain ends the day in his home state of Arizona . Except for Tennessee and Arizona , McCain either trails or is tied in the states he is visiting , according to recent polling . "  There 's one day left until we take America in a new direction , my friends , and we need your help , " he said at a stop in Florida . Watch "  we need your help " " "  McCain 's got to run the table on Tuesday night to really stay in this , or flip Pennsylvania , " said John Avlon , author of "  Independent Nation . " "  McCain 's argument about the unified-control Congress -- what the liberal super-majority would do -- is resonating with independents ... but he 's got a lot of ground to make up . " Obama also began Monday in Florida , a state President Bush won in 2000 and 2004 . CNN 's latest poll of polls shows Obama with a slight lead over McCain in Florida , 48 percent to 46 percent , with 6 percent unsure . The Illinois Democrat then headed to two other states that Bush won but where he is leading this year : North Carolina and Virginia . A ground war for the last undecideds -- and to encourage high party turnout -- ratcheted up in key battleground states . In Pennsylvania , more than 500 paid Obama staffers and thousands of volunteers are working around the clock for the final push in the swing state . The smaller McCain camp ground army has 100 paid staff in the state and roughly 15,000 volunteers -- targeting union members who tilt conservative on social issues . In McCain 's home state of Arizona , iReporter Kyle Aevermann , 21 , is preparing to vote in his first presidential election . He is one of the few who has yet to reach a decision on his vote , although he knows he will not vote for the state 's long-time senator . Meet two undecided iReporters " Aevermann is debating between Obama and Green Party candidate Cynthia McKinney , although he acknowledges voting for McKinney might be a "  waste of a vote . " "  Until the past few months , I wanted nothing to do with politics and I really have learned to become interested in it , " he says . But he adds , "  I 'm excited for the election to be over with . " CNN 's Scott Anderson contributed to this report .	CNN polling director : 1 percent undecided , 4 percent might consider changing mind "  I 'm actually still wrestling with moral issues , " undecided voter Kevin Sheen says Candidates begin battleground blitz to sway undecideds Voter in Arizona says election campaign has made him more interested
New York  CNN  -- A car careens onto a sidewalk , bowls over a 17-year-old woman and crushes the stroller holding her 8-month-old daughter . The mother immediately jumps up and frantically begins trying to pull the baby out from under the car . Within seconds she has her . Both are taken to a hospital , but neither is badly hurt . "  God helped us , " mother Alondra Gervacio told CNN on Wednesday as she held her daughter . The incident was caught on a surveillance camera overlooking a Bronx sidewalk just before 1 p.m. Tuesday . Police say a 68-year-old driver lost consciousness behind the wheel of a livery cab , or a car for hire . The Lincoln Town Car struck one vehicle stopped at a red light and another vacant parked car , and then sped down the sidewalk directly at Gervacio and her infant . The surveillance video shows Gervacio , start to go to her left , then pull the stroller back to the right , barely managing to get it out of the way of the front of the car . But both are struck by the side of the car . The woman is sent sprawling but the stroller is pulled underneath the vehicle , just in front of the rear tire . The impact happened just as the car hit a storefront and came to a skidding halt . The video then shows the woman rush to the car , fall to her knees and begin tugging at the crumpled stroller . She pulls the child out and quickly carries her away . "  I did n't stop for my pain or nothing , " Gervacio said . "  I just wanted to look for her and she was under the taxi . " The baby was not wedged under the car , but was lying sideways . Both the mother and child were taken to Lincoln Medical Center , according to the police report . The unconscious driver of the livery cab was taken to a hospital and pronounced dead . Police said he had suffered a heart attack , CNN affiliate WABC reported . The stopped vehicle that the Town Car first struck had two passengers inside , but neither requested medical attention , according to police . George Martinez , the livery owner , told WABC-TV the car 's driver was "  a nice responsible driver ... always responsible . " Gervacio said she went to church after she got out of the hospital . Her daughter spent the night at the hospital for observation . Her cousin , Vanessa Sanchez , recalled seeing the surveillance tape . "  She really got lucky , " Sanchez said . "  If she would n't have pulled back in time that could have been their lives . " CNN 's Jesse Solomon and Gary Carter contributed to this report	NEW : "  God helped us , " mother says of harrowing incident A car careens out of control , striking a woman and trapping her child under it Surveillance video shows the young mother immediately trying to free her daughter Neither is seriously hurt
London  CNN  -- A breakthrough in graphene research which could pave the way for new smaller , faster , more powerful computer chips has be made by UK researchers . Scientists at the UK 's University of Manchester say they have demonstrated how graphene -- a two-dimensional material made from a single layer of carbon atoms -- could look inside electronic circuits of the future . Graphene has been hailed as a "  miracle material " which could revolutionize materials science because of its unique properties . Measuring one atom thick , it it the thinnest material on Earth -- a stack of three million sheets would rise to the grand height of one millimeter . Graphene is also the strongest  200 times stronger than steel  , the most flexible and the most conductive material in the world -- which makes it an attractive alternative to the silicon chip . In their study , published in the journal Nature Physics , researchers report how they created a four-layered structure consisting of two sheets of graphene sandwiched between two sheets of boron nitride -- a similar two-dimensional material with a thin hexagonal-like structure . "  Creating the multilayer structure has allowed us to isolate graphene from negative influence of the environment and control graphene 's electronic properties in a way it was impossible before , " Leonid Ponomarenko , lead author of the study . This "  negative influence " relates to graphene 's ultra sensitivity to gases and humidity says Ponomarenko , which scientists at the university reported on back in 2007 . "  To make its properties more controllable , we have to protect it with something , " he said . The demonstration brings a replacement for the silicon chip one step closer , according to Ponomarenko . They are reaching their limit for being scaled down , he says , and as computers get more powerful silicon is struggling to meet the increasing energy demands . The discovery of graphene was made at the university in 2004 by Russian physicists Andre Geim and Konstantin Novoselov , who received the Nobel prize for physics for their work in 2010 . Commenting on the new research , Geim said : "  Graphene encapsulated within boron nitride offers the best and most advanced platform for future graphene electronics . It solves nasty issues about graphene 's stability and quality ... "  It could be only a matter of several months before we have encapsulated graphene transistors with characteristics better than previously demonstrated , " he added . Recent advances at Manchester and other UK universities has prompted the British government to invest Â # 50 million  $ 78 million  in a research hub with the aim of maximizing the commercial potential of graphene . Its not just computer circuit boards that graphene promises to transform . The discovery that it is extremely sensitive to single molecules of gas could , according to Geim and Novoselov , lead to the development of new sensors , with possible applications in counter-terrorism . "  We are constantly looking at new ways of demonstrating and improving the remarkable properties of graphene , " Geim said . Countless universities around the world are also engaged in the same task . The U.S. 's Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston , have recently discovered that graphene "  exhibits a novel reaction to light , " which they say could improve night-vision systems and possibly provide a new approach to solar power . Excitement is building in the consumer electronics market too , as phone and computer manufacturers look to capitalize on graphene 's uniqueness as a transparent conductor . "  The vision is to have electronic devices which can be integrated with your body or clothing , or computers which can be bent or rolled up and put away , " said professor Andrea Ferrari , professor of nanotechnology at the UK 's University of Cambridge . Researchers at Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul , South Korea have already demonstrated a flexible touchscreen , he says . And rumors were rife in cyberspace recently that South Korean electronics company , Samsung were going to release a flexible smartphone , called the "  Galaxy Skin " in 2012 . It turned out to be untrue , but bendable phones , computers and televisions may not be far off , says Ferrari . "  It may well be that in the next three or four years , if everything goes well , we may see some transparent and flexible devices made from graphene come to the market . "	New research at UK university demonstrates how graphene-based computer chip might look "  Miracle material " discovered at Manchester University in 2004 Russian physicists who discovered graphene awarded Nobel physics prize in 2010 Strongest , most conductive material in the world will revolutionize a range of products , scientists say
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather will not be fighting Shane Mosley for a world title on May 1 after the "  Money Man " refused to pay the World Boxing Association 's sanctioning fee . The five-time world champion takes on Mosley in Las Vegas on May 1 but insists his legacy is more important to him than fighting for "  Sugar Shane 's " welterweight title . "  I did not want to fight for the WBA title , " Mayweather told Sky Sports . "  At this point , it 's all about enhancing my legacy . "  I 've done a lot of things in this sport , things that a lot of fighters were n't able to do in the sport and did n't do in the sport . This fight with Shane Mosley will enhance my legacy . " Mayweather , 33 , has won all 40 of his professional bouts and is a six-time world champion at five different weights . His proposed "  super fight " with WBO welterweight champ Manny Pacquiao broke down after a disagreement over drug testing procedures , and he opted to fight Mosely instead . Mayweather referred to his opponent as "  a solid welterweight with great accomplishments , " but dismissed his chances of a victory at the MGM Grand . "  We are totally different , " he added . "  He 's a fighter that always worries about landing one big shot , he worries about who is extremely strong . "  And I worry about being smart and winning . We approach fights in two totally different ways . When I shoot my shots , I am looking at my opponent . When Shane punches , a lot of times he closes his eyes . "  I am pretty sure Shane is going to be in good condition . We are going to put on one hell of a show on May 1 come the fight . Like I have always said before - there is no remedy on how to beat Floyd Mayweather . Everyone is trying to solve the problem . "  It 's like a difficult maths problem that no one can solve . No one can solve it . The ultimate goal is try to solve the problem . How to beat Floyd Mayweather ? I know what I have to go out there and do . "	Floyd Mayweather 's fight with Shane Mosley will not be for the World Boxing Association title Mayweather refused to pay the WBA 's sanctioning fee ahead of May 1 bout The 33-year-old says his boxing legacy is more important Mosley is current WBA welterweight champion
CNN  -- A former U.S. Navy SEAL commando , motivational speaker and frequent guest on national news shows is accused of lying to investigators about the circumstances of a shooting at an Ohio mall , police said Thursday . Christopher Mark Heben 's website , sealteamconsulting.com , says he "  emerged as the media 's most featured Special Operations subject matter expert " after U.S. forces killed terrorist Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Heben has appeared on numerous news outlets , including CNN , to speak about special operations and other subjects . But it was Haben 's story of being wounded by gunfire during a verbal altercation in the parking lot of an Ohio mall on March 28 that catapulted him onto the national stage . Heben is to be arraigned later this month on two misdemeanor counts of falsification and obstructing official business , Bath Township Police Chief Michael McNeely said . "  We could not corroborate his story , " McNeely told CNN affiliate WKYC . "  The more we looked into it the more evidence we gathered that he was not telling the truth . " Heben reported being shot during a parking lot altercation . But detectives determined the shooting did not occur at the mall , police said , without elaborating . Calls seeking comment from Heben and his lawyer , Kerry O'Brien , were not returned Thursday . At the time of the shooting , Heben said the suspects fled in a gray sports car , WKYC reported . McNeely said officers checked between six and 12 surveillance cameras in the area and could not confirm his account , WKYC reported . Heben allowed police access to his registered gun and the bullet that struck him did n't match his weapon , McNeely said . Investigators do not have a theory on how Heben was injured , police said . On Heben 's Facebook page , which describes him as a former "  U.S. Navy SEAL turned Health Care professional , Veterans Advocate , Voice Actor , Actor , Writer , Singer/Songwriter , Author , " a photo was posted under his name on the day the charges were announced . The caption on the photo said , "  Reaching a goal is noteworthy . But the real story often lies in the climb ! " Reactions to the post were mixed , mostly supportive of him . One man wrote : "  Before anyone on here judges Chris , let 's wait until his attorney gives him the OK to tell everyone what happened . Then make your judgment call . But do n't sit on here and tear down a Former US Navy SEAL who fought and signed his life on a blank check to defend the USA . That is just horrible . When the time is right , Chris will tell us . " In another post , a woman wrote : "  what about what the news is reporting , CMH ? ... just because someone fights for our freedom does n't mean they are entitled to file false police reports . If that 's even true . I 'm just wondering what happened like I 'm sure the rest of the people are wondering . No one tarnishes anyone , people tarnish themselves . " The falsification charge is a first-degree misdemeanor punishable by up to 180 days in jail and a $ 1,000 fine , police said . Obstructing official business is a second-degree misdemeanor punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $ 750 fine . The case is not Haben 's first run-in with the law . Heben 's physician assistant license was suspended indefinitely by the Ohio Medical Board after he pleaded no contest in July 2008 to three felony counts of forgery . The disposition of the case was not immediately known . The State Medical Board of Ohio accused Heben of "  illicit forging of prescriptions for controlled substance , " according to an online copy of the board 's findings . The board also said he used his "  position as a physician assistant to facilitate the commission of these offenses . "	Christopher Heben is accused of lying to police about shooting An ex-Navy SEAL , Heben was a frequent guest on news shows Investigators could not corroborate his account
CNN  -- "  There is a market for selling humans . " That unsettling fact was pushed into the front of the news cycle on Monday when a man who claims to have kidnapped 276 teen girls announced in a video message that he would sell the young women into marriage or slavery . "  I abducted your girls . I will sell them in the market , by Allah , " the man , who claimed to be Abubakar Shekau , the leader of a Nigerian terrorist group Boko Haram , said in the video . He smiles while he says that , by the way , which sent chills down my spine . "  There is a market for selling humans , " he adds , according to a CNN translation . "  Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women ... " This is no doubt an extreme case , and it 's one that has led to international outrage and demands for the United States and other world leaders to help find the young women that reportedly were kidnapped a month ago from school in Nigeria . Everything possible should be done to find these girls , who may be as young as 12 . But the story is also a harrowing reminder that slavery , in various forms , remains a pervasive reality worldwide , particularly in poor and violent places such as parts of Nigeria . International efforts to combat the practice have failed to stamp it out . Perhaps the only sane thing this crazed leader said is that there is a "  market for selling humans . " It 's 2014 , and that most certainly is true . That fact alone is worthy of sustained , global attention . In Nigeria , signs suggest the market is alive and well . Between 670,000 and 740,000 people are estimated to be in slavery in Nigeria , according to the Walk Free Foundation 's 2013 Global Slavery Index . That puts Nigeria at No. 4 worldwide in terms of the total number of people enslaved . Mauritania , a West African country I visited in 2011 for a CNN story , ranks as having the highest percentage of enslaved people , according to that report . Advocacy groups say 20 million to 30 million people are enslaved worldwide , and more than 15 % of those people are in Sub-Saharan Africa , according to Walk Free . It 's unclear what exactly would happen to the girls if Boko Haram does follow through on its threats to sell them into marriage or slavery . Young women sold into slavery or marriage sometimes end up as domestic servants ; some are sexually abused by the "  husbands " who purchase or obtain them ; some work under threat of violence ; and other women are sold internationally to work in the sex trade . "  It appears from the media statements that the intention is to sell the girls into so-called ` marriages , ' which are likely to be nothing more than sexual and domestic enslavement , presumably either in neighboring countries or within Nigeria itself , " Fiona David , executive director of global research at the Walk Free Foundation , wrote to me in an e-mail from Ghana , where she is attending a conference . Nigeria acts as a sort of hub for human trafficking , with victims sometimes being sent to Europe , especially Italy , according to experts and published reports . During a September 2013 visit to Rome , the United Nations ' special rapporteur on trafficking in persons , Joy Ngozi Ezeilo , told the story of a 21-year-old woman who was trafficked from Nigeria through Turkey , Serbia , Hungary and Slovenia and eventually to Italy . The story highlights not only the international nature of the network but also the importance of global vigilance to spot trafficking victims . Families sleep in the bushes , fearing more attacks "  Not only was she trafficked but was held in debt bondage as her father back in Edo state  of Nigeria  had put up his land as collateral for the payment of the 60,000 euros  $ 84,000  fee illegal contract to bring her to Europe , " Ezeilo said of the woman , who was not identified in an online summary and transcript of the speech . "  The young woman was moved from Turin to Milan and Paris to sell her body in order to repay her debt . She was rescued following a random identification check in Italy , where she now benefits from assistance . " As we keep the young women in Nigeria on our minds and pressure governments to rescue them before they can be sold into marriage or slavery , we also should think about the conditions that foster slavery internationally . Poverty , instability and a lack of education tend to make the practice of slavery more likely and help it persist . This is particularly troubling given reports that the Nigerian girls were kidnapped because they were at school . Boko Haram , the group taking credit , has a name that roughly translates to "  Western education is a sin . " Education and stability also could help end slavery . "  Any time there 's conflict -- particularly when that 's accompanied by historic discrimination against women and sex violence and abuse -- it 's actually not uncommon that there would be this type of kidnapping , " Karen Stauss , director of programs at Free the Slaves , a Washington-based advocacy group , told me . It 's crucial not to downplay the importance of finding the young women in Nigeria , but I agree with Stauss when she says that every potential victim of trafficking and sex slavery has an important story to tell . All of them matter . Bergen : What 's at stake in war against girls ' kidnappers ? It 's impossible for each to become the center of global media coverage . But each deserves our advocacy . If you live in the United States , asking your legislators to pass the International Violence Against Women Act is one way to show your support for all of the women around the world who are hurt because of their gender . The act would make combating gender-based violence a central goal of U.S. foreign policy . Change.org has an online petition you can sign . I 'm sure there are some people who will read this and think that Nigeria and the issues of slavery and the sex trade are far too distant to matter to them . For one , that 's patently untrue . Trafficking occurs in the United States and Europe , as well . But , if that is your view , I 'd ask you to consider what Emeka Daniel told CNN after the kidnapping in Nigeria . Daniel , whose father was kidnapped in Nigeria in a separate incident , according to the CNN report , said some people in Nigeria reacted to the news by saying "  Why do I care ? " and "  Nigeria is done . " They 'd resigned to the control this extremist group exerts . And they 'd lost hope that the country can be made safe . Not Daniel . "  I refused to believe that , " he said , according to the report . "  We ca n't let this be the new normal . " I 'd second that . This sort of violence against women could start to seem normal if it 's ignored . So do n't ignore it . Demand , as so many are , that the United States and others do more to help rescue the girls . And refuse to ignore the fact that , every day , unseen and unheard women face sex slavery and discrimination on an unthinkable magnitude .	Nigeria is home to 670,000 to 740,000 slaves , according to 2013 report John Sutter : Nigeria kidnappings highlight horrific worldwide problem Sutter talks with slavery experts about what could happen to the kidnapping victims Nigerian man : "  We ca n't let this be the new normal "
For architecture buffs numbed by the ongoing global battle to crank out record-breaking tall buildings , here 's something innovative to spark the imagination . The South Korean government has granted approval to begin construction on the world 's first "  invisible " tower . Designed by U.S.-based GDS Architects , the glass-encased Tower Infinity will top out at 450 meters  1,476 feet  and have the third highest observation deck in the world . The project is backed by Korea Land & Housing Corporation , a state-owned land and public housing developer . The invisibility illusion will be achieved with a high-tech LED facade system that uses a series of cameras that will send real-time images onto the building 's reflective surface . It will be built just outside of Seoul near the Incheon International Airport . Neither the developer nor GDS have released a target completion date . The development will reportedly be used primarily for leisure activities . It will include a series of observation decks , a movie theater , roller coaster , water park and numerous food and beverage outlets . Though height is n't its main selling point , Tower Infinity is no slouch in the vertical department . When completed , it 's expected to come in sixth on the list of the world 's highest towers , behind Tokyo SkyTree , Guangzhou 's CantonTower , Toronto 's CN Tower , Moscow 's Ostankino Tower and Shanghai 's Oriental Pearl . Editor 's note : The original version of this paragraph said Tower Infinity would be one of the world 's tallest buildings , not towers . The error has been corrected . More : 13 scary-but-awesome viewing platforms How it works Tower Infinity 's invisible face is essentially just state of the art camouflage . Cameras will be placed at three different heights on six different sides of the building to capture real-time images of the surroundings ; three other sections , each filled with 500 rows of LED screens , will project the individual digital images . Through digital processing , images will be scaled , rotated and merged to create a seamless panoramic image that appears on the LED rows to create the illusion of invisibility . In essence , whatever is going on behind the building will be projected onto the front of the building . According to GDS , managers will be able to alter the level of power used to give the building different levels of invisibility . "  Instead of symbolizing prominence as another of the world 's tallest and best towers , our solution aims to provide the world 's first invisible tower , showcasing innovative Korean technology while encouraging a more global narrative in the process , " said Charles Wee , GDS design principal , in a statement . In 2011 GDS , in collaboration with firms Samoo Architects and A&U , was awarded first prize in a National Design Competition sponsored by the Korea Land & Housing Corporation to provide design and engineering services for the observation tower . More : Google captures view from world 's tallest building	Tower Infinity will be 450 meters high and have the third highest observation deck in the world The invisibility illusion will be achieved with LED facade system Tower Infinity will be built near Seoul 's Incheon International Airport
CNN  -- The first thing offered to me at Suntory 's Yamazaki whiskey distillery -- the birthplace of Japanese whiskey -- is a glass of water . It 's so delicious it comes as a shock . Even before the reason is explained to me , I 'm asking : why does it taste so crisp , so different ? The distillery is surrounded by beautiful bamboo forests on a mountain -- they must be getting to my brain . It turns out the water in the area is the reason the first whiskeys in Japan were distilled here . "  The distillery was built here almost 100 years ago for the legendary water , " says Makoto Sumita , who 's been with Suntory for 20 years , as we walk past a pond to the tasting room . Drawn from deep mountain wells and designated one of the best mineral waters in the country by Japan 's Ministry of the Environment , Yamazaki 's water is also reportedly the inspiration for the legendary Japanese tea ceremony that originated centuries ago . These days , it 's used to make some of the most remarkable whiskeys on the planet . For some , Japanese whiskey even trumps Scotch as the go-to after-dinner dram . Secret 's out Any serious whiskey drinker is likely to recall , with perfect clarity , where and when they had their first taste of Japanese whiskey . My first was a Hibiki 17 , on a first date in Hong Kong two years ago  I was latecomer  . From the first sip , I loved how approachable it was , with hints of sweet fruit mingled with the oak . For most drinkers , the draw of Japanese whiskey is n't just that its smoother , complex taste belies its years -- it 's the allure of being let in on something rare and refined . "  Drinkers seeking new flavors and tastes are increasingly turning to Japan for new drinking experiences , " says Whisky Magazine editor Rob Allanson . "  There are some whiskies that have become esoteric , like the Karuizawa , which are hard to obtain and represent a holy grail for drinkers and collectors . " "  People who care about what they drink want something more interesting , not just the same selection  available at  any duty free store , " says Richmond Lee , owner of Nocturne , the latest high-end whiskey bar to open in Hong Kong 's trendy Central district . Despite a prominent display of Scotch  Nocturne stocks 150 different whiskeys  , Lee says his customers overwhelmingly seek out Japanese selections . "  What really surprised me was that female customers comprise a third of my clientele and they drink Japanese whiskey straight , " says Lee . "  I think it 's because it 's more smooth and sweeter than Scotch . And from a value perspective , with Japanese whiskey you do n't need to go for an older vintage to get quality . " Out-Scotching Scotch Thus is the world of whiskey being shaken . The 21st-century ascendancy of Japanese whiskies recalls the Judgment of Paris , the 1976 blind-tasting wine competition in which California wines were rated the best in every category for the first time , sending shock waves throughout the Francophile wine world . For the past decade , Japanese brands have begun to outrank Scots labels , a similarly unimaginable phenomenon . It started in 2001 , when Nikka 's Yoichi 10 was named "  Best of the Best " by Whisky Magazine . Then the Yamazaki 12 won gold at the International Spirits Challenge in 2003 . Since then , Japanese whiskeys have consistently taken home medals at most major tasting competitions . At the International Spirit Challenge 2013 held in the UK , Suntory was named "  Distiller of the Year " for the third time and its blended Hibiki 21 Years Old won the Trophy prize , the highest award in the competition 's World Whiskeys category . Though in terms of global sales Japanese whiskies amount to barely a drop in the glass -- none are among the world 's ten best selling brands -- Japan 's top distillers have seen a steady increase in production and exports since at least 2006 , with Suntory expecting to double its overseas exports by 2016 . Archrivals of alchemy Hibiki . Yamazaki . Hakushu . Yoichi . Taketsuru . Miyagikyo . The most highly regarded Japanese whiskeys  the exception being Ichiro 's Chichibu  are produced by the distilleries of Japan 's great rivals , Suntory and Nikka . Suntory is the reigning king to Nikka 's scrappy underdog , but Nikka holds its own on the battlefield . This year 's $ 16 billion purchase of Jim Beam made Suntory the world 's third-largest distiller ; meanwhile Nikka 's exports reportedly grew by 18 times between 2006 and 2012 . Both their origin stories can be traced back to the same place , the Yamazaki distillery , built in 1923 . That 's when Suntory founder Shinjiro Torii hired Masataka Taketsuru , the godfather of Japanese whiskey , to set up the country 's first whiskey distillery . Taketsuru had gone to Scotland to learn the craft of whiskey making , and returned to Japan with a Scottish wife . After 10 years with Suntory , Taketsuru left to build his own whiskey empire in Yoichi , Hokkaido , in a climate he preferred for its similarities to Scotland . Japanese whiskey tour My Japanese whiskey pilgrimage begins from the Yamazaki station , with a 25-minute scenic train ride from Osaka . The countryside along the route is dotted with traditional houses and bamboo groves . The heady aroma of whiskey mingles with the clear mountain air . Unlike the bastions of Scotland 's finest , the Yamazaki distillery is one of the few in the world that can produce a variety of whiskeys from the same distillery , thanks to the different shapes and sizes of the distillery 's pot stills . With its 3,000 casks , the storage room is the most impressive sight on the distillery tour . In the Japanese tradition of obsessive and innovative craftsmanship , the wood used in these casks has been the subject of extensive experimentation . While 200-year-old American white oak has traditionally been the wood of choice , Yamazaki has also introduced virgin Mizunara  Japanese oak  barrels to give aromas of kara  incense  and sandalwood . The tour finishes at the beautifully rendered whiskey library , bar and gift shop where visitors can purchase varieties sold only on site -- including extremely rare single cask whiskeys -- in addition to the usual Suntory offerings . Onward , to the north Two days later , I 'm on my way to Nikka 's main distillery in snowy Hokkaido , the northernmost of Japan 's four main islands . What a different world it is . The train ride to the Yoichi distillery is a stunning journey , past snow-dusted forests and white mountains , with the train running perilously close to the sea . At tiny Yoichi station , which has been blasted by alarming snowfall , only a handful of people get off . The Nikka headquarters are as different from Suntory 's as a building can be -- a stone castle , with its own European-style insignia carved into the entrance . It 's the Winterfell of whiskey distilleries -- stark and gray and empty . The focus of the tour is emphatically on Taketsuru 's astonishing story . Photographs , journals , maps of Scotland , even snatches of tartan are displayed with detailed captions explaining how they influenced Nikka 's founder . Unlike the light , modern feel of Suntory 's bar , Yoichi 's bar looks like an old boys ' club , with mahogany finishes and mood lighting . I take a whiff of the rare single casks that can only be bought here . Their scarcity makes them pricey compared with many older blends . Single Cask Yoichi 20  500 ml  is ¥ 15,000  $ 147  , while Single Cask Yoichi 15  500 ml  sells for ¥ 10,000  $ 98  . While a Nikka whiskey may be closer to Scotch than say , a Yamazaki , Japanese whiskeys are still much sweeter and more fragrant than their overseas counterparts , with even the most peaty varieties still balanced . Drinkers of Islay Scotches might enjoy the Single Malt Yoichi Peaty and Salty available at the distillery . I end up purchasing a bottle for ¥ 6,500  $ 64  . Grand finale The highlight of the tour is the airy , open tasting room , where each visitor is given three samples of Nikka 's most popular whiskeys . Setting down my tray next to the window , I look out at untouched fields of snow-covered trees and take my time sipping . I 've been traveling to Japan since I was a child -- of all the onsens and sushi restaurants and shopping forays and mountain walks I 've done and loved , I have to say , this is my absolute favorite Japan experience . Until my next visit , anyway . Suntory Yamazaki Distillery , 5-2-1 Yamazaki , Shimamotocho , Mishimagun , Osaka , Japan ; +81 75 962 1423 ; 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m. , closed New Year 's holiday and during plant shutdowns ; free guided tours in Japanese ; free audio guides available in English , Chinese and French . Nikka Yoichi Distillery , 7-6 Kurokawacho , Yoichimachi , Yoichigun , Hokkaido , Japan ; +81 135 23 3131 ; 9 a.m.-5 p.m. ; closed Christmas and New Year 's holiday ; free guided tours in Japanese , visitors can do a self-guided tour with free English maps .	Japanese whiskeys are being judged among the best in the world A Japanese whiskey pilgrimage starts at Suntory 's Yamazaki Distillery Nikka 's main distillery is in a stone fortress in Yoichi , Hokkaido At both distilleries , visitors can buy rare whiskeys only available on site
Chobe National Park , Botswana  CNN  -- There are few places in the world that conjure the same kind of imagery as the Chobe National Park in Botswana . Drifting through the savannas , torrents of water wind-off into a sunlit horizon ; cheetahs stalk their prey as flocks of gazelle prance through the long , parched grass ; and African elephants traverse hundreds of miles in search of greener pastures and fresh watering holes . Poniso Shamukuni , a professional guide at Botswana 's Chobe Park , said the country 's environment and wildlife is like no other . "  I enjoy seeing the biodiversity and I enjoy seeing the natural resources , " he added , "  when tourists are really into it ... taking pictures of animals , I also enjoy that . " An oasis of wildlife , located in northern Botswana , Chobe is part of an international conservation region in southern Africa , spanning five countries and nearly 440,000 square kilometers . The Kavango Zambezi Transfrontier Conservation Area -- known as KAZA -- is a partnership between Angola , Zimbabwe , Zambia , Botswana and Namibia . Read more : Namibia : A wildlife photographer 's paradise Twice the size of the UK and larger than Germany and Austria combined , KAZA is considered the world 's largest wildlife preservation . The area draws tourists from all over globe and is also home to Victoria Falls , one of the seven natural wonders of the world , located on the border of Zimbabwe and Zambia . To protect the region 's natural beauty and attract tourists and investors worldwide , international cooperation between the five countries aims to pool resources to preserve each nation 's delicate ecosystem while also opening borders . But visa restrictions mean that traveling between countries is an exasperating and tricky affair for visitors . Read more : Could South Africa 's horn sale end rhino slaughter ? KAZA program manager Frederick Dipotso said the process is also very expensive , with tourists currently required to apply for visas at border gates . But Dipotso is confident member governments can eventually come to an agreement . He said : "  The KAZA visa is meant to have a one-stop shop where you get your visa and then you can easily travel to Angola ... Namibia , Botswana , Zambia and Zimbabwe . " The organization is now working with Zimbabwe and Zambia on a pilot visa . Dipotso added : "  We expect the pilot to be completed by end of February 2014 . " Read more : Kenya implants microchips to fight poaching An international pact would allow visitors to experience the full extent of Africa 's natural wonders . Tourists visiting KAZA can see the continent 's "  Big Five " of leopards , rhinos , buffalo , lions and the world 's largest population of African elephants , as well as 650 different species of birds and 160 types of fish . Safari holidaymakers also have the opportunity to spot rare creatures roaming the region 's dusty plains , including the black rhino , cheetahs and African wild dogs . Read more : Botswana economy set to sparkle after diamond deal Shamukuni , who leads expeditions into the park every day , said : "  October and November are the biggest months , that is when we see a lot of tourists coming just before the rainy season . " Covering 36 protected areas , KAZA also plays a vital role in the war against poaching as the organization seeks to engage and employ local communities in return for preserving the wildlife . Dipotso said KAZA has a good chance of being successful in the future because of the area 's lack of mineral wealth , meaning few international disputes over territory are likely to arise . He added : "  Currently there are no minerals ; minerals sometimes take priority over conservation . " Dipotso said that tourists , predominantly from Europe and Asia , have nothing to fear when it comes to past political turmoil or violence in member KAZA countries , notably in Angola and Zimbabwe . He added : "  Things are quite calm ... throughout the KAZA Partner countries ; perhaps there has not been proper communication on the stability of the region . " Read more : Helicopters versus drones : the cost of Rhino warfare Botswana in particular is considered one of the most stable and safe countries for tourists in Africa . The country has a blossoming economy and financial services industry with GDP per capita -- an indicator of a country 's living standard -- one of the highest in Africa . Shamukuni believes Botswana 's growing international reputation is key to attracting more visitors . "  Botswana is a very safe country , " he said . "  As a country our economy is doing well . We 're politically stable and lots of tourists want to go to the places where they feel it 's safe . " CNN 's Stephanie Ott contributed to this report .	KAZA conservation area spans Angola , Zambia , Zimbabwe , Namibia , Botswana It is home to rhinos , lions and world 's largest population of African elephants The five countries are working to make it easier to cross borders
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Anna Nicole Smith 's bizarre introduction of rapper Kanye West at the 2004 American Music Awards took center stage on the first day of a preliminary hearing for three people facing charges stemming from her death . Anna Nicole Smith 's death on February 8 , 2007 , was ruled to be from "  acute combined drug intoxication . " Prosecutors said they wanted Judge Robert Perry to see how the former Playboy model and reality TV star was affected by what they alleged was an illegal conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense controlled substances to an addict . Howard K. Stern , Smith 's lawyer and companion , and co-defendants Dr. Khristine Eroshevich and Dr. Sandeep Kapoor each entered not guilty pleas in Los Angeles County Superior Court in September . The preliminary hearing , which lawyers said could last three weeks , is an opportunity for the defense to "  lock in " the testimony of prosecution witnesses , one defense lawyer said . It is not expected to result in any charges being dropped , he said . The lawyer for Stern , who faces 11 felony counts , said to prove a conspiracy , the prosecutor would have to show Stern knew it was illegal to use fake names to obtain narcotics for Smith , which he said was to protect her privacy . "  He has no reason to believe that there was anything improper in what was going on , " defense lawyer Steve Sadow said . "  He honestly believed that if the doctor said he could do it this way and , in fact , did it , then it was legitimate and lawful . " Smith 's death in a Hollywood , Florida , hotel on February 8 , 2007 , was ruled to be from "  acute combined drug intoxication , " the Broward County , Florida , medical examiner said . Smith 's introduction of Kanye West -- projected on a courtroom screen -- was a brief respite from a mostly tedious hearing spent shuffling through prescription records . "  Like my body ? " a slim and busty Smith asked as she showed off her tight-fitting gown . Smith slurred much of her speech as she tried to read from a teleprompter . "  Make some noise for my boy , Kanye West , " Smith finally yelled . Sadow said the video should be viewed in the context of the medical problems Smith was suffering at the time . "  We all have bad days , and she suffered from seizures and she had medical problems , " Sadow said . "  So , if she 's on medication for that , -LSB- it -RSB- would explain her activity . " Stern sat with his head in his hands at times while the government 's lead investigator described what happened the day Smith died at the Hard Rock Hotel . Danny Santiago , special agent for the California Bureau of Narcotics Enforcement , said investigators found 12 types of prescription drugs , including dangerous opiates , in the hotel room . Seven of them were prescribed using Stern 's name , although spelled "  Stearn , " he said . Two of the drugs apparently were for treatment of "  flu-like symptoms " Smith was suffering when she arrived at the hotel three days before her death , he said . A hotel employee who saw Smith and Stern arrive told investigators she "  was n't her normal vivacious self , " Santiago said . Another hotel worker who had closely assisted Smith during several earlier stays said she was not allowed contact with Smith , which she said was "  very unusual , " Santiago testified . The workers said they were told Smith was suffering from "  flu-like symptoms . " The autopsy revealed Smith had a bacterial infection , Santiago said . When Stern left the hotel on the morning of February 8 to shop for a new boat , he asked Tasma Brighthaupt , a registered nurse who is married to Smith 's bodyguard , to watch over Smith , who he said was sleeping , the investigator said . Brighthaupt sat next to the bed , surfing the Internet with a laptop and talking on her cell phone , believing Smith was sleeping , he said . Finally , Brigette Neben , described as a friend of Smith 's , noticed her lips were turning blue and her skin was pale , he said . When the nurse was unable to find a pulse , she called her husband , Maurice Brighthaupt . He then called the hotel desk , where an employee called for paramedics . CPR efforts by the bodyguard and paramedics failed to revive Smith , who was then taken to Hollywood Memorial Hospital , where she was pronounced dead , the investigator said . A series of affidavits used by state investigators to obtain search warrants in their 2 1/2 - year investigation was unsealed last month , revealing many details , including an account of one witness who told investigators she saw Stern inject Smith with drugs . Other affidavits included a medical expert 's conclusion that Smith , whose real name was Vickie Lynn Marshall , was given drugs in "  excessive amounts " and a pharmacist who said he had refused to fill a prescription for a long list of strong narcotics .	Video played at preliminary hearing on reality star Smith 's death 3 charged with conspiracy to prescribe , administer and dispense drugs Howard Stern , Khristine Eroshevich , Sandeep Kapoor have pleaded not guilty
CNN  -- At least two people were killed and four were critically injured Monday in a plant accident in Omaha , Nebraska , authorities said . The incident happened about 10 a.m. CT at International Nutrition , a company that produces feed and other products for livestock and poultry . "  I heard the explosion and stuff started falling , so I ducked for cover , " worker Nate Lewis told CNN affiliate KETV . "  It was pitch black in there . All I could see was fire . I had to feel my way out of the place . I could n't see anything . " There were 38 people at the plant at the time of the incident , interim Omaha fire Chief Bernard Kanger said . Ten of the injured people needed a trip to the hospital , the chief said , adding that four were initially in critical condition . Seven other people were treated at the scene , he said . Kanger said two people had died . One was identified by police as 53-year-old Keith Everett . The other body remained in the facility after officials called off recovery efforts due to cold weather and high winds . Both of the workers who died were discovered on the second floor . The second body should be removed Tuesday , but it will be a very labor-intensive recovery , Kanger said . The chief said he believed all other people at the plant had been accounted for as of Monday night , but they will double-check Tuesday to make sure there were no visitors or workers who had dropped by . An employee told KETV that he heard noises , saw fire and sprinted for his life . "  I just heard a crack pop and big ball of fire , and I just took off running when I heard the first crack , " worker Jamar White "  That 's all I could do was get out of the way and make sure I was OK . " School , neighborhood evacuated after Tennessee plant fire Kanger said the cause of the industrial accident is under investigation , and officials are not to prepared to say it was caused by an explosion . "  What we do know is there was a significant event that occurred , causing catastrophic failure of the structure , " Kanger said . He said that the second and third stories of the facility collapsed , sending tens of thousands of pieces of concrete , steel and sheet metal pounding through to the first floor . About 50 firefighters responded to the 911 call . One plant worker , who was conscious and talking , had to be rescued from under debris by firefighters who were unsure whether conditions were stable . It took about 10 to 15 minutes for emergency crews to cut through the concrete and steel . Another two workers were stranded on a beam , Kanger said . There were at least four ladder rescues , he added . A spokesman for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration said OSHA investigators were at the plant , where part of the building had collapsed . Scott Allen said it is too early to determine the cause of the accident . According to OSHA records obtained by CNN , International Nutrition Inc. has been cited for 35 OSHA violations over the past 40 years -- most notably for seven violations following the August 20 , 2002 , death of a 45-year-old male employee who fell into a mixing tank and was mutilated by an auger . International Nutrition also was fined $ 10,000 by OSHA in 2013 after a lengthy investigation found six violations , including two related to electrical safety standards for machines that were undergoing maintenance , Allen said . International Nutrition is n't on OSHA 's Severe Violator Enforcement Program , a list of companies that have knowingly disregarded safety regulations . OSHA investigators will lead the accident investigation , while Omaha police will lead the death investigations , Kanger said . Kanger said International Nutrition had cooperated with investigators . 5 killed , 12 injured in explosion at chemical plant in Japan CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say body of Keith Everett recovered , one still in building Chief says despite reports , they are unable to say there was an explosion Company has been cooperative with investigators , he says OSHA says too early to say what caused the incident
CNN  -- Caroline Kennedy , who spent most of her life looking to steer clear of the spotlight , is capping off a year of unusually public -- and political -- activity with interest in the Senate seat that would be vacated by Secretary of State-designate Hillary Clinton . Caroline Kennedy could join her uncle Edward in the United States Senate . And her interest in that seat could mean the continuation of a Kennedy legacy in the Senate that began 56 years ago with the election of her father , John F. Kennedy , as the junior senator from Massachusetts . Her uncle Edward has represented Massachusetts in the Senate for more than four decades . Her uncle Robert served as junior senator from New York from 1965 until he was assassinated in 1968 . "  Remember , -LSB- Clinton 's -RSB- seat in the Senate was once held by Robert Kennedy , " CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said Saturday . "  Her other uncle , Ted Kennedy , is ill right now . If -LSB- New York Gov. David -RSB- Paterson appoints Caroline Kennedy to the Senate , it means there could be a Kennedy staying in the Senate for quite a long time . " And a Senate appointment for Caroline Kennedy would mark a change for the woman who has rarely run into the glare of political attention . "  Apparently , she has acquired a taste for politics , having endorsed Barack Obama early this year , " Schneider said . "  She wants to be part of this new regime in America , clearly playing a key role in the Senate if she gets that appointment . " Watch CNN 's Bill Schnieder discuss Caroline Kennedy 's prospects " Widely described as extraordinarily shy , self-deprecating and down-to-earth , Kennedy has tended to limit her forays into the public sphere to nonpartisan activity , penning books on civil liberties and serving as the de facto guardian of her father 's legacy . But in January , she backed a political candidate for the first time , announcing her endorsement of Obama during the Democratic primary season with an opinion piece in the New York Times that drew days of the kind of media attention she has spent her life avoiding . "  I have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them , " she wrote . "  But for the first time , I believe I have found the man who could be that president -- not just for me , but for a new generation of Americans . " Kennedy willingly lingered in the spotlight , serving on Obama 's vice presidential search team , speaking at the Democratic National Convention and stumping for him through the primary and general election seasons . In a campaign ad that featured video images of her father followed by images of Obama , Kennedy said , "  People always tell me how my father inspired them . I feel that same excitement now . " There are a slew of high-profile candidates for Clinton 's Senate seat -- including Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , whose last name carries some star power of its own in the Empire State -- but their odds grew just a bit steeper when stacked against the wattage of a storied Democratic dynasty . Robert Kennedy was elected to the Senate with few ties to his adopted home state , but his niece 's New York roots run deep . Jacqueline Kennedy relocated to New York City after her husband 's assassination in 1963 , with children Caroline and John F. Kennedy Jr. . Caroline Kennedy has spent most of her life in the city , working there after graduating from Harvard , meeting her husband , Edwin Schlossberg , on the job at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and attending Columbia Law School there . Her most prominent public roles to date involved overseeing her father 's presidential library and presenting the annual Profiles in Courage Award . She 's also edited several books , from a volume of children 's poetry and an updated edition of her father 's book "  Profiles in Courage " to a collection of patriotic verse  "  A Patriot 's Handbook : Songs , Poems , Stories , and Speeches Celebrating the Land We Love . " Most of her leadership positions have been based in the arts : hosting the annual nationally televised Kennedy Center Honors in Washington and serving as the honorary chairwoman of the American Ballet Theatre , as her mother had . Still , in late spring and early summer , she was whispered as a possible vice presidential candidate -- and more recently as a contender for secretary of education in an Obama Cabinet -- but elected office would mark a major shift for Kennedy . Her history of avoiding partisan efforts , her limited policy track record and the lingering legacy of her father 's presidency translated into a far less brutal Republican criticism than that experienced by the other members of Obama 's vice presidential search committee , and there was a widespread continuing sense that she would not want to put herself in line for the tough criticism aimed at elected officials . "  I do n't think she 'd go that far , " Kennedy White House speechwriter Theodore Sorenson told USA Today this summer after being asked whether he thought Kennedy wanted to hold office herself . In his memoir , "  Counselor , " he quoted Jacqueline Kennedy saying her daughter had "  gotten her horror of the press from me " and said the younger Caroline Kennedy used to hide her face when she spotted a cameraman . But in a 2002 Time magazine interview promoting the updated "  Profiles in Courage , " Kennedy would not rule out the possibility of a run for public office . "  I do n't have any plans to do that right now , " she said . "  I do n't plan ahead . My kids are young , and I 'm really happy to be able to be around . But I do care about issues , and I 'm interested in them . So I do n't see that now , but you know , I have a long life ahead of me . " The 51-year-old mother of three has still not spoken publicly about her interest in the job -- or whether , after months of campaign-trail conditioning , she might be comfortable with the idea of seeking election in her own right when Clinton 's term ends . CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand and Monte Plott contributed to this story .	Late president 's daughter has expressed interest in Hillary Clinton 's office Move would put Kennedy in seat once filled by her uncle Robert Kennedy has a history of avoiding partisanship and spotlight She said this year she was inspired by Barack Obama
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli settlers damaged cars and tried to burn down a house in Palestinian villages in the West Bank Monday night and Tuesday , police told CNN . The actions followed removal of three illegal shacks in a Jewish settlement . These incidents are what some Israelis call "  price tag " actions : Any activity against settlements and outposts is met by violence against Palestinian property . Israeli police removed three illegal shacks Monday in the Jewish outpost of Havat Gilad . Police and civil administration representatives were stoned by the settlers on the scene . Eight people were arrested in the incident , Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld said . Monday night , Israeli settlers blocked roads in Jerusalem , demonstrating against the outpost 's removal . The demonstrators burned tires and clashed with police . Twenty-three demonstrators were arrested , Rosenfeld said . Three other settlers were arrested in the West Bank , he said . There were also several incidents of torching cars in villages around Hebron on Monday night . On Tuesday , people tried to burn down a house in the village Hiwara , south of Nablus . The incidents are under investigation , Rosenfeld said . "  We call upon the international community not to remain silent ... the people call us on a daily basis to protect their lives because they are afraid  of  the settlers , " said Ghassan Douglass , a Palestinian official in charge of the settlement activity north of the West Bank . The Palestinian owner of the burned house , Rami Edmaidi , told CNN that a group of Israeli settlers broke the window with an iron club , threw a Molotov cocktail into the bedroom and fled . Due to the thick smoke , his brother and sister-in-law had to be taken to the hospital for breathing problems , he said . Edmaidi said this is not the first time incidents like this have occurred . "  Yesterday my uncle 's house was also attacked by the same settlers . " Douglass told CNN the situation has worsened since February 18 , when the United States vetoed a U.N. resolution condemning Israeli settlements in the West Bank . "  This Thursday the  Israeli  right wing are calling for the day of rage . There is n't any international party able to stop them either . " American-sponsored talks between Israelis and Palestinians fell apart in September when Israel resumed settlement construction in the occupied West Bank after a 10-month freeze . Palestinians have indicated they will not resume talks until all Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank and East Jerusalem is frozen . Palestinians want East Jerusalem to be the capital of a future Palestinian state . Israel , which annexed the eastern part of Jerusalem in 1967 , considers the entire city to be its sovereign capital , a claim not recognized by many in the international community .	After 3 illegal shacks removed , settlers get violent , police say Police stoned , roads blocked , tires burned Palestinian official asks for international help
CNN  -- The letter in the U.S. mail came as a surprise . Not the return address -- Cathy Sadler had been corresponding with her old fifth-grade teacher for several years , so she recognized the address of the retirement community in Dublin , Ohio . But when Sadler , who lives in North Carolina , opened the envelope , she found something she was n't expecting . It was a photocopy of an old Mother 's Day card . There were many signatures on the card . She found her own name among them . She was Cathy Holt back then , a fifth-grader at Montrose Elementary School in Bexley , Ohio . Miss Twyford had been the teacher . That 's how all of her students , all of the 10 - and 11-year-olds in that 1958 classroom , referred to her . Geraldine Twyford was her full name . "  She 's still Miss Twyford to me , " Cathy Sadler , now 65 , told me the other day . "  She was such a wonderful teacher -- she brought such excitement and enthusiasm to her job . You could tell she was n't just going through the motions . She loved teaching . My own love of history started in that classroom . " Her admiration for Miss Twyford is what led Sadler to seek her out and start writing to her . At 86 , Miss Twyford chooses not to use e-mail -- she writes her letters in elegant longhand . The old card -- the kind you would buy at a drugstore -- featured the embossed message : "  You 're such a sweet person , So thoughtful and kind , That days such as this , Always bring you to mind . Happy Mother 's Day . " Surrounding those words were all the signatures -- written neatly in fountain pen , in children 's script . The names were of the students in Miss Twyford 's class : Arloa Shultz , Kent Kellner , Paula Young , Susan Bryant , Joe Sebring , Sherry Lamp , Maury Topolosky , many more . There was the signature of one child -- Alan  Peewee  Meyers , is what he wrote -- a sprightly , friendly boy who , three years later , would lose his life in an automobile accident . Miss Twyford , in 1958 , was unmarried and had no children . Yet the boys and girls had decided to present her with the Mother 's Day card . And she had saved it for all these years . I called her last week at the retirement community in Ohio . She has been a widow since 2011 ; at age 39 she married Bob Ferguson , an electrical engineer in the aeronautics field , and they remained wed for 46 years until his death . "  I 'm not Mrs. Ferguson to my old students , " she said . "  I 'm always Miss Twyford . Which is fine with me . " I asked her about the card . "  I was surprised , and so touched , that they would give that to me , " she said . She said that she had kept it in a "  treasure chest " -- a footlocker where she has preserved all of her most precious memories . "  To me , the card meant that the boys and girls knew how much I cared for them , " she said . "  As a teacher , you always hope that you mean something to the children , and you hope that they understand how much they matter to you . "  As I look at the card from time to time , I see also that it is a sign that we accomplished one of our goals that year . In the fifth grade , students were expected to learn how to write in cursive , in ink . When you use ink , in a fountain pen , there is no erasing , no way to cover your mistakes . So I think they were showing that to me , too . " She told me that she grew up an only child in Gratiot , Ohio , a town of just 250 people . She said that a career teaching fifth grade -- she spent 30 years doing it -- was a full and satisfying way to spend her life . At Montrose Elementary , where she taught for 16 of those years , she said her classroom was on the top floor , overlooking Main Street . "  It was Route 40 , " she said . "  The old National Road . I would tell the boys and girls to look out the window at the cars on the street , and to try to imagine the covered wagons moving west all those years ago , right there , carrying people who had left everything behind to start a new life . " The main reason she has kept the Mother 's Day card , she said , was a simple one : "  I never had children of my own . "  It is the only Mother 's Day card I ever received . " She said that , as a teacher , "  You sometimes look out into your classroom and silently think , ' I wonder what will happen to them when they grow up . ' " Fifty-five years later , it is a Sunday in May again . She is 86 , and on her own . In those 30 years of teaching , more than 700 boys and girls moved through her classrooms . I know every person who signed that card ; I know those who are living , and I knew those who have passed away . And on this , I think I can safely speak for all of them . The words on the card still hold true : " ... So thoughtful and kind , That days such as this , Always bring you to mind . " Happy Mother 's Day , Miss Twyford . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Former classmate 's fifth-grade teacher sent copy of 1958 Mother 's Day card Students had given the card to Miss Twyford , beloved teacher who had no children Greene : Miss Twyford says she treasures card ; only Mother 's Day card she 's received Greene : She 's taught 700 kids ; all would surely say : Happy Mother 's Day , Miss Twyford
CNN  "  So what does it feel like ? " "  Hmmm ... cool I suppose . " I did n't know what to say , I had n't been back to Sydney for 14 years and now , here I was standing by the Opera House , looking at where I had leaped onto the top of the podium . I was the girl from Scotland , with the biggest smile , winning what was to be her first Olympic gold medal . I 'm not sure , hand on heart , that I genuinely thought it would happen . So much had to come together at the right time and Sydney was my third Olympic campaign . I knew how easy it was to get it wrong , how narrow the margin is between hero and zero . But standing here 14 years on , waiting for a reaction , tears even , felt hollow , it did n't feel like "  my place . " Perhaps too much time had passed -- children , work , another gold medal . My colleague rolled his eyes in disbelief , hoping for some sort of "  moment . " How could I not feel "  it ? " Was n't it the greatest memory of my life ? Was n't it right here that my everything changed forever ? What was wrong with me ? The next day we were out on the Harbor filming for MainSail , onboard the mighty Comanche , the favorite for the prestigious Rolex Sydney to Hobart race . Motoring out under that iconic bridge , the harbor coming into view , I was instantly struck by how busy it was , everywhere I looked the Harbor filled with sails . Did n't anyone here have a job to go to ? So much activity . It was alive . The bustling harbor is stunningly varied in its beauty . From the harsh inhospitality of the Heads , waves crashing onto bare rock , to the sheltered bays and lush vegetation . It 's no easy place to sail competitively . You really need to use all your senses to do well out here . If the wind shifts , you can really smell the warmth of the city , another slight shift and you can smell the rich pine of the park -- or if the sea breeze is on its way , that all changes again , to the fresh aromas of the ocean . Even the color of the water can help give clues to the shifting tides , the nuances in shade suggesting depth and movement , all potential aids in beating the fleet . On shore , the bustling of humanity can fill your senses . The sounds of the city , normality , regular people going about their daily business , lunching at Doyles in Watson 's Bay ... while you 're out on the water , head down , mind on the job at hand . With Olympic success in the balance it 's too easy to keep that head in the boat , to miss the stunning beaches , the rugged beauty of the Heads , but the Harbor here in Sydney really is something else . You can almost feel the history , the stories and legacy of a fully working city harbor -- for over two hundred years thousands have made a living on the waters of this iconic sheltered inlet , it 's far more than just a place to race . I began to open my eyes , to breathe it all in , to remember -- every bay , every beach , each and every rock even , the buildings , the parks , those complex winds and current , the changing colors of the water . The waves , those smells and noises drifting across from the city . It was a lifetime ago , but I 'd known it all so well . It had all meant something . All those signs back then had helped me "  read " this venue . It was so hard to race well here , it was complicated . Sure , I 'd always loved it , felt energized by the challenge , but I was also fearful -- with so many variables , this harbor could easily trip you up . Now the memories flooded back -- how I 'd caught the wake of the Manly ferry on a downwind leg and surfed past eight of my closest competitors . When training we used to stop on the naturalist 's beach by South Head for lunch , just because we could . Sailing past Bradley 's head , beautiful , sandy and empty now , but back then , bursting with spectators , and as I raced past , within touching distance of the crowd , they 'd cheer me on . I 'd feel a wave of support from the beaches , "  come on the Pom ! " From the start of that week I had the lead . I was relaxed . Never confused or panicked , I trusted in my knowledge of the course . I 'd learned to read all those signs and now , I was making the calls , and they were paying off . While others fell apart , I grew in confidence with each and every day . I led until the penultimate race , when it all began to fall apart . I was at 16th place -- I had finally choked . I 'd always wondered -- would I be one of those athletes ? Within sight of glory , one hand on the gold medal and it all slips away ? I came alongside my coach , Mark Littlejohn . I was in floods of tears , I 'd blown it . I had let him down , I 'd let myself down . He held me , he smiled , and he congratulated me . He told me how proud he was , that still with one race to go , I was on the Olympic podium , I had secured a medal for sure . The final race would decide the color . "  Trust yourself Shirls , you know this crazy Harbor better than all of them . " And I did . I knew I did . Back on Comanche , we had work to do . I had to focus on the now , with lots of filming to get through . But motoring back in , the work all done , in the shadow of the Opera House , the "  moment " came . It had been right here , the battle for gold , I had been calm , composed , confident even . Despite the helicopter noise and spectator boats , it had been oddly silent . I had an eye on my opposition for sure , but to win here my focus could n't be them -- it was this harbor . Sydney harbor could bite , you had to understand it , expect the unexpected -- and I did . By the last lap , gold was mine to lose . I held my nerve and crossed that finish line one last time . My life had changed , forever .	How "  the girl from Scotland " won her first Olympic gold medal Why Sydney is far more than just a place to race : from rugged headlands to bustling harbors Robertson recalls battling back from 16th place to secure the win
CNN Student News  -- December 14 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : China & Japan Syria Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- The French Open men 's final was interrupted Sunday when a shirtless man ran onto the court wearing a white mask and carrying a burning flare . He ran onto the side of the court that Rafael Nadal was playing on . An official quickly removed him while another held onto Nadal . A small fire broke out behind behind the boards near the court and white smoke filled the air for several minutes before the flames were doused . A second shirtless man was hustled away before he could make it onto the court . A photograph taken by Getty Images at the stadium at Roland Garros shows five men , who unfurled a homemade banner that calls for the resignation of Francois Hollande , the president of France . Four of the men hold flares . CNN affiliate BFM reported the men were part of a group called Printemps FranÃ § ais , or French Spring . The group is opposed to same-sex marriage , which became law in France in May , BFM reported . The legislation has prompted fierce opposition from many social conservatives and the Catholic Church , with hundreds of thousands of people joining protest marches in Paris and other cities over recent months . Another photo showed other protesters -- fully clothed -- two holding a sign that read in English : "  Help ! France tramples on children 's rights . " They were removed after yelling during the match . Play continued with Nadal leading countryman David Ferrer in the second set . Nadal won the match 6-3 , 6-2 , 6-3 to win his eighth French Open men 's title . CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	Play was in the second set when a protester ran on the court He was hustled off the court by an official Others unfurled a big banner at the stadium where the match was played Same-sex marriage became legal in France in May
CNN  When the earthquake hit , many of Nepal 's most renowned pagodas in and around Kathmandu crumbled into rubble-covered stumps . Others were smothered under splintered hand-carved wooden beams or multi-level rooftops . But the Kathmandu Valley 's other pagodas , stupas and shrines -- also built mostly of red brick hundreds of years ago -- suffered surprisingly little damage and remained standing next to structures which disappeared . The worst architectural losses have included the majestic Shiva temple pagoda and its twin , the Narayan temple pagoda , which dominated Kathmandu 's main Durbar Square . From the late 1960s onwards , Western hippy backpackers who traveled the legendary overland route to Kathmandu would climb the Shiva pagoda 's wide , nine-step plinth , sit in the shade under the triple-layered roofs , smoke hashish and enjoy the lofty view . But now the two pagodas have been obliterated and the scene comprises pathetic piles of rubble , a bulldozer shoveling a path for vehicles , shocked and miserable witnesses and a sense of irreplaceable visual and spiritual loss -- unless the structures are eventually rebuilt . The Shiva temple pagoda may have been hundreds of years old , but before its destruction impoverished rickshaw drivers , coolies and others would publicly urinate into the gutter surrounding it while waiting for passengers or heavy loads to transport . The slightly shorter , triple-roofed Narayan pagoda allowed vegetable sellers to display their foodstuff on the temple 's broad , five-level base . Both pagodas also served as public platforms . Jostling crowds of Nepalis and foreigners used to gather there because the plinths ' height above street level allowed excellent views of major Hindu processions and other events . Those two landmarks fronted the enclosed dwelling place of Nepal 's Hindu virgin goddess , or Kumari , whose ornate front of bricks , statues and carved wood seem to have survived the initial quakes . It is not immediately known if the inner courtyard and rooms are safe . On the other side of Durbar Square , the brick-and-wood Shiva-Parvati temple house -- where the Hindu gods Shiva and his consort Parvati shelter -- appear to also have survived . On Kathmandu 's outskirts the town of Patan suffered terrible damage when its central Durbar Square lost several pagodas as structures pancaked straight down while others merely shook and cracked . Fortunately others appear to still be standing , including the Sundari Chowk temple and a surviving lucky trio of holy structures : the gray stone , Mogul-influenced Krishna Mandir ; the 17th-century Bishwa Nath Mandir with its large stone elephants at the entrance ; and the nearby smaller 17th-century Bimsen Mandi "  god of the traders " pagoda . Several miles away from Kathmandu , witnesses have been unable to immediately confirm the levels of destruction which have occurred in the lavish town of Bhaktapur . The locality had undergone years of extensive restoration work thanks to foreign and local artists and funding . The town offset some of that cost by charging tourists a fee to enter its central area , which displayed refined temples , pagodas , shrines and even a restaurant built into a main pagoda , allowing diners to view the best sites while munching their meals . Elsewhere in the Kathmandu Valley , the white-topped dome of the Boudhanath Stupa remains standing , but its smaller neighboring stupa has shown some damage from the quake . The Boudhanath Stupa is prized by Tibetan Buddhist refugees who have fled their Chinese-occupied homeland on foot through the Himalaya mountains . They are often seen reverently walking in a circle around the stupa 's base while twirling "  prayer wheels " and chanting . There has been no news as yet on damage caused to other famous places of Hindu and Buddhist worship , including the hilltop Swayambhunath temple on the outskirts of Kathmandu . That imposing structure is popularly known as the "  Monkey Temple " because its often vicious wild monkeys are allowed to scamper among the trees on the temple 's hill , terrifying visitors who have to hike up a lengthy stairway to reach the temples , shrines , shops and monks ' residences . . The fate of the Pashupatinath Temple complex near Kathmandu 's international airport is also not known . Pashupatinath 's multiple pagodas and shrines flank its public funeral pyres which emit smoke whenever human corpses are routinely cremated before the ashes are dumped into a narrow river .	Several of Nepal 's best known landmarks have been destroyed by the earthquake of April 25 But outside the capital Kathmandu there is hope that many have survived
Mark David Chapman , John Lennon 's convicted killer , is up for parole for the seventh time and may be questioned as early as Tuesday , authorities said Friday . His latest quest for freedom comes ahead of the 32nd anniversary of the death of the former Beatle , a British singer-songwriter who was gunned down outside his Manhattan apartment on December 8 , 1980 . Chapman is scheduled to be interviewed by two or three members of the parole board , according to Carole Claren-Weaver , a spokeswoman for the New York Department of Corrections . Chapman 's words on the slaying He was last up for parole in 2010 , but was denied because his "  discretionary release remains inappropriate at this time and incompatible with the welfare of the community , " according to the New York State Division of Parole . He was also denied parole in 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , 2006 and 2008 . Chapman , 57 , is serving a sentence of 20 years to life in prison , and is being held at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden , New York . He is in protective custody in a single-person cell , Claren-Weaver said , and is allowed out three hours per day . Since his transfer from Attica earlier this year , Chapman has reapplied to participate in a state program called "  family reunion , " which allows inmates to spend more time with family members . Chapman has not had an infraction since 1994 . It is not clear if he currently has legal representation . Yoko Ono , Lennon 's widow , in previous years has submitted a letter requesting that parole be denied . Her attorney reiterated her position in an email to CNN Saturday . In their own words : Journalists who covered Lennon 's murder	Mark David Chapman will be interviewed by parole board members next week In 2010 hearing , he was denied parole Yoko Ono , Lennon 's widow , in previous years requested parole be denied Chapman 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment
San Francisco  CNN  -- Google has a simple and inexpensive new way to stream Internet videos on your TV . The company on Wednesday introduced Chromecast , a small device that lets you stream content to your television over a WI-Fi network , using your computer , phone or tablet as a remote control . The company said its goal is to create a device with zero setup time , no learning curve , and one that works with all platforms and devices . The $ 35 Chromecast is a radically different approach to TV than Google 's previous failed attempt , the Nexus Q. It 's smaller , cheaper and available starting today . The two-inch dongle looks like a thumb drive and pops into the HDMI port on an HDTV . It turns your phone , tablet or computer into a remote . Choose what content you 'd like to stream and the Chromecast will play it on a nearby TV . "  The television is missing in the  streaming-video  picture . it is really , really difficult to get your online videos on the television , " said Sundar Pichai , Google 's senior vice president of Android , Chrome and apps , at Wednesday 's press event . Google unveils upgraded Nexus 7 tablet Chromecast supports both Android and iOS devices . At its event , Google demonstrated the device using a Windows laptop and an iPhone . Chromecast also is streaming directly from your Wi-Fi connection , so it 's not draining your device 's battery . That means you can multi-task , checking e-mail on your computer , tablet or phone while a custom YouTube playlist broadcasts on your TV . The device currently only streams content from YouTube , Google Play and Netflix , though more apps , such as Pandora , are expected in the future . A beta feature lets you stream any tab directly from a Chrome browser running on one of your non-TV devices . With Chromecast , Google is seeking a foothold in a small but growing field . Only 15 % of households have figured out how to watch online video on their TV sets , according to Google . The device goes head-to-head with existing Internet-on-TV solutions like Apple TV or the Roku box . The Chromecast stick is on sale now in the Google Play store and at electronics retailers such as Best Buy , although it may not ship immediately . A purchase of Chromecast includes three months of free Netflix streaming . Opinion : Apple becoming a follower , not a leader	Google introduces Chromecast , a USB stick that pushes Web video to your TV Chromecast costs $ 35 and is available immediately Google also unveiled an upgraded Nexus 7 tablet with a higher-res screen and 4G LTE
CNN  -- The taxi rocked to the pounding sounds of French rap music . My wife turned to our hostess . "  Can you ask him to turn it down ? " The hostess waved her hands nervously . "  No , it will only offend him . " She explained : The massive Paris taxi shortage had transformed the city 's cab drivers into so many motorized Soup Nazis : "  My cab , my music ; if you do n't like it -- walk . " Back in 1937 , Paris capped the number of taxi permits at 14,000 . Now , 75 years later , a bigger and vastly richer Paris receives some 27 million tourist visits per year -- and the number of cabs has edged up less than 14 % , to 15,900 . Result : In wind and rain and baking sun , Parisians must stand in long lines at taxi stands for cabs that never come . In 2007 , the new government of Nicolas Sarkozy proposed to supplement the existing fleet . It would license 6,500 new cars in Paris , 23,500 in the rest of France . The proposal triggered a strike that shut down the city for a day -- and frightened Sarkozy into surrender . Five years later , it 's as difficult to find a cab in Paris as ever .  Paris has about 2,000 more cab licenses than New York , which has a much bigger population , but New York has a vast fleet of cars for hire to supplement medallion cabs -- and except for the luxury market , car services are illegal in Paris . On the list of world problems , the difficulties of Paris taxi riders may seem to rank low . Think again . Almost 3 million French people are now out of work , the severest unemployment in 12 years . Millions more have quit the workforce altogether , subsisting on disability pensions or other social benefits . Prolonged mass unemployment in Europe has triggered a global debate about the euro currency , and rightly so . Yet it 's also true that every day , people in Europe are denied work by dumb laws that prevent willing customers from hiring them . Adding 30,000 new taxi licenses in France would mean more than 90,000 daily taxi shifts : In other words , upwards of 90,000 new jobs . And it 's not just taxis . France 's Raffarin law strictly regulates the creation of new retail premises . Anyone who wishes to create a new store in France of more than 300 square meters must first gain permission from a government commission that includes -- wait for it ! -- other existing retailers . In Germany likewise , the federal government until recently forbade stores to stay open past 10 p.m.  In 2011 , the federal government transferred authority over hours to the states , some of which have chosen to allow longer openings . In almost every European country , restrictions on firing workers have made employers very reluctant about hiring in the first place . That hesitation -- plus heavy payroll taxes that raise hiring costs -- explain why so many European restaurants , cafes , and shops seem so lightly staffed compared to their American counterparts . These are not macroeconomic issues . They do n't involve central banks or currency policy . These are anti-competitive rules that prevent hiring that employers would want to do even in bad economic times . Fixing these rules requires some political courage , which is never in super-abundant supply . But courage is not the only thing needed . Imagination and ingenuity are even more important . Go back to our Parisian taxi drivers . Why are they so opposed to adding to the taxi fleet ? Interestingly , they 're not concerned about competition for fares : They know as well as anybody that the cab shortage is leaving money quite literally standing on the sidewalk . What concerns them , rather , is the value of their licenses . Paris drivers have paid nearly 200,000 euros for their licenses -- money they have usually borrowed and must work frantically to repay . Drivers regard their licenses as precious capital assets , which they hope to resell in turn . If the fleet increases , the value of those licenses would presumably drop . Sarkozy 's 2007 reform proposals called for giving away the 30,000 additional licenses for free . It said nothing about compensating the existing licensees . If drivers had been reassured on that point , they might have been mollified -- and if they still protested , overriding such protests would have been easier . France 's new president , Francois Hollande , has yet to take a stance on this . It 's not enough for Europe 's would-be reformers to summon their courage . They must also be shrewd -- and that 's no easy task in a crisis terrifying enough to cause almost anyone to lose his or her head . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Paris is suffering from a world-famous taxi shortage , says David Frum Despite attempts at reform , the number of taxis has increased only 14 % since 1937 , he says Europe 's economic crisis is embodied in France 's failure to fix this problem , Frum says Frum : Europe 's anti-competitive rules that prevent hiring are an economic burden
CNN  -- An elderly American man has been released from a Mexican jail more than two months after the grandson he was traveling with was arrested on child pornography charges , a family member said . Edward Chrisman , left , crosses the Mexican border back into the United States after being freed Saturday . Edward Chrisman , 88 , and his grandson had traveled to Algodones , Mexico , for discount dental care , as a part of a growing trend known as medical tourism . Algodones is just across the border from Yuma , Arizona . The grandson , 40-year-old Gary Chrisman Jr. , remains in a Mexicali jail awaiting trial , according to his cousin , Tracy Short . Authorities accuse him of offering a woman money to take nude photos of her teenage daughters . Child pornography charges can carry a penalty of up to 12 years in prison , according to officials from the Consulate General Tijuana . In early January , the Chrismans stopped at a convenience store in Mexico and Gary Chrisman went inside to purchase soft drinks . Edward Chrisman waited in the car , Short said . The younger Chrisman had been taking pictures of the area that day and , while in the store , approached a woman about snapping some shots of her teenage daughters . He offered to pay them $ 25 , they agreed , and he took a few pictures of the girls ' faces . It was at that point , the family says , that the girls ' mother demanded more money from Chrisman and called local authorities alleging that Chrisman had tried taking pornographic pictures of her daughters , after he refused to ante up . Both men were taken into custody at the time , but the police report does not say why the elder Chrisman was arrested . The Chrisman family says the men were set up as a ploy for money . Since early January , the family says , they have paid thousands of dollars to at least three attorneys for legal representation and have reached out to numerous officials and politicians in Mexico and the United States for help . Edward Chrisman , who lives in Arlington , Washington , but was wintering with his grandson in Yuma , Arizona , was released from jail on Saturday and crossed the border back into the United States the same day . The family says his health had been steadily deteriorating while he was behind bars . Traveling abroad for health care is a phenomenon known as medical tourism . Many do it to save money or to get medical care not approved in the United States . Internationally recognized hospitals in Thailand and Singapore can often perform orthopedic and heart procedures at a fraction of the cost . Mexico is a popular choice for dental care . The estimated number of Americans seeking treatment overseas annually varies widely , but starts at a half-million people . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	U.S. man , 88 , was arrested in January along with his 40-year-old grandson Grandson accused of seeking nude photos of teens ; family alleges setup No word on why 88-year-old was jailed along with grandson Family members say grandfather 's health had deteriorated in jail
CNN  -- New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez had a "  consulting relationship " with a Florida anti-aging clinic accused of providing banned drugs to baseball players , but there 's no evidence he did anything to violate baseball 's Joint Drug Agreement , one of his attorneys told CNN Monday . Rodriguez is appealing a 211-game suspension that Major League Baseball levied against him this month , with the league accusing him of taking performance-enhancing drugs and having ties to the now-shuttered Biogenesis clinic . Attorney Joe Tacopina said Rodriguez was one of many athletes who consulted for Biogenesis . "  Clearly there was a relationship -- a consulting relationship , " Tacopina said . "  I mean , Biogenesis , that lab has consulted with many professional athletes . Not every single one of those athletes has been accused of or found guilty of using illegal substances . " Fast Facts : Performance Enhancing Drugs in sports Tacopina declined to give further details about the relationship , citing confidentiality concerns . But he said , "  They have no scientific evidence to prove that Alex Rodriguez did anything to violate " baseball 's drug agreement . "  It 's witness testimony from one witness -- a witness who 's not going to be available , in my prediction , to either testify in arbitration or at some federal proceeding , " he said . Opinion : How A-Rod let us down When asked why he would n't say unequivocally that Rodriguez did n't use performance-enhancing drugs , Tacopina again cited confidentiality considerations . "  If I utter those words , I 've just violated the confidentiality clause of the JDA -- that 's the bottom line , " he said . " ... If you 're a supporter or a detractor , what happened to him is not fair by anyone 's standards . It 's clearly a vendetta , it 's clearly a witch hunt to get him 211 games -- not justifiable under anyone 's scenario that is being objective . " Alex Rodriguez : ` I 'm fighting for my life ' Apparently in response to comments like these , Rob Manfred , Major League Baseball 's executive vice president of economics and league affairs , sent Tacopina a letter on Monday , offering to waive confidentiality provisions . "  While we believe that your public comments are already in breach of the confidentiality provisions of Major League Baseball 's Joint Drug Prevention and Treatment Program  the "  Program "  , we will agree to waive those provisions as they apply to both Rodriguez and the Office of Commissioner of Baseball with respect to Rodriguez 's entire history under the Program , including , but not limited to , his testing history , test results , violations of the Program , and all information and evidence relating to Rodriguez 's treatment by Anthony Bosch , Anthony Galea and Victor Conte , " he wrote . Tejada suspended 105 games Tacopina was not immediately available to comment on the contents of the letter . Rodriguez is playing during the appeal , which the players ' union filed on his behalf two days after the suspension was announced . History of A-Rod-Red-Sox drama CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	New York Yankees star Alex Rodriguez is appealing a 211-game suspension He is accused of taking performance-enhancing drugs Attorney says Rodriguez was one of many athletes who consulted for Biogenesis
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq 's most powerful Sunni Arab political party on Monday said a U.S. soldier 's desecration of the Quran , the Muslim holy book , requires the "  severest of punishments , " not just an apology and a military reassignment . Maj. Gen. Jeffery Hammond apologizes after a U.S. soldier admitted using the Quran for target practice . The Iraqi Islamic Party , the movement of Iraqi Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , condemned what it said was a "  blatant assault on the sanctities of Muslims all over the world . " An American staff sergeant who was a sniper section leader used a Quran for target practice on May 9 . The U.S. commander in Baghdad on Saturday issued a formal apology and read a letter of apology from the shooter . The sergeant has been relieved of duty as a section leader "  with prejudice , " officially reprimanded by his commanding general , dismissed from his regiment and redeployed -- reassigned to the United States . But the Iraqi Islamic Party -- which said it reacted to the news "  with deep resentment and indignation " -- wants the "  severest of punishments " for the action . "  What truly concerns us is the repetition of these crimes that have happened in the past when mosques were destroyed and pages of the Holy Quran were torn and used for disgraceful acts by U.S. soldiers , " al-Hashimi said . "  I have asked that first this apology be officially documented ; second a guarantee from the U.S. military to inflict the maximum possible punishment on this soldier so it would be a deterrent for the rest of the soldiers in the future . " A tribal leader said "  the criminal act by U.S. forces " took place at a shooting range at the Radhwaniya police station on Baghdad 's western outskirts . After the shooters left , an Iraqi policeman found a target marked in the middle of the bullet-riddled Quran . Read how the soldier could have provoked a crisis Copies of the pictures of the Quran obtained by CNN show multiple bullet holes and an expletive scrawled on one of its pages . On Saturday , Maj. Gen. Jeffery Hammond , commander of U.S. forces in Baghdad , appeared at an apology ceremony flanked by leaders from Radhwaniya . Watch as the U.S. formally apologizes " "  I come before you here seeking your forgiveness , " Hammond said to tribal leaders and others gathered . "  In the most humble manner , I look in your eyes today , and I say please forgive me and my soldiers . " Another military official kissed a Quran and presented it as "  a humble gift " to the tribal leaders . Hammond also read from the shooter 's letter : "  I sincerely hope that my actions have not diminished the partnership that our two nations have developed together . ... My actions were shortsighted , very reckless and irresponsible , but in my heart -LSB- the actions -RSB- were not malicious . " Hammond said , "  The actions of one soldier were nothing more than criminal behavior . I 've come to this land to protect you , to support you -- not to harm you -- and the behavior of this soldier was nothing short of wrong and unacceptable . " The soldier reportedly claimed he was n't aware the book was the Quran , but U.S. officials rejected his assertion . Tribal leaders , dignitaries and local security officials attended the ceremony , while residents carried banners and chanted slogans , including , "  Yes , yes to the Quran " and "  America out , out . " Watch as villagers protest the Quran incident " Sheikh Hamadi al-Qirtani , in a speech on behalf of all tribal sheikhs of Radhwaniya , called the shooting "  aggression against the entire Islamic world . " The Association of Muslim Scholars in Iraq also condemned the shooter 's actions and the U.S. military 's belated acknowledgment of what happened . "  As the Association of Muslim Scholars condemns this heinous crime against God 's holy book , the constitution of this nation , a source of pride and dignity , " the group 's statement said , "  they condemned the silence by all those who are part of the occupation 's agenda and holds the occupation and the current government fully responsible for this violation and reminds everyone that God preserves his book and he -LSB- God -RSB- is a great avenger . "	Iraqi Islamic Party calls Quran incident "  blatant assault " on Muslim holy book U.S. soldier used Quran for target practice , military investigation found U.S. commander in Baghdad has issued formal apology Soldier relieved of duty , will be reassigned after sending letter of apology
CNN  -- Engulfed by the darkness of doping 's "  white noise " , he emerged the other side to become a beacon in cycling 's anti-drugs fight . And in a sport where the tainted legacies of former Tour de France champions Lance Armstrong and Jan Ulrich continue to cast a dark shadow , reformed rider David Millar can see a light at the end of the tunnel . He has come a long way since nine years ago when he was was sitting in a Biarritz restaurant in south west France . Millar was having dinner with Dave Brailsford , now performance director at British Cycling and Team Sky , when French police arrived to arrest the cyclist , throwing him in a cell and outing him as a drugs cheat . A two-year ban from competition followed and , after a Damascene conversion , he returned to the sport a reformed character determined to remove the stain of doping from cycling . "  I was a fervent anti-doper , " the Malta-born Scot , who spent his formative years in England and Hong Kong , told CNN 's Changing Gear series before the start of the 2013 Tour de France . "  I was a naive kid who came from Hong Kong , who dreamed of winning the Tour de France and who was disgusted to learn that my colleagues were doping , but within four or five years I was one of them . " Blog : Cycling faces watershed of credibility Millar had served notice of his potential by winning the prologue of his first ever Tour de France in 2000 and the journey from idealistic youngster to fully-fledged doper was not a simple one . What began with "  recup " injections of vitamins and iron -- not illegal in the sport but a practice Millar had long been opposed to -- ended with him intravenously pumping outlawed substances into his bloodstream . "  I was part of a culture where it was -- it was never obligatory , but it was -- I would describe it as white noise , " explains the 36-year-old , who rode for the Cofidis team between 1997 and 2004 . "  It was always there . It was in the background . It was something with a certain inevitability about it -- if I ever wanted to be the best and be professional . "  That unfortunately was the era I began my career in , and something that I regret deeply , and that 's something that I have tried to rectify ever since . "  There are many of us that make mistakes that we regret ... that should never have happened . " Millar now rides for Garmin-Sharp -- the team formerly known as Garmin-Slipstream -- having also represented Great Britain at the 2012 Olympic Games in London . He sits 98th in the 2013 Tour de France after nine stages of the marathon race . He is also a member of the World Anti-Doping Agency 's  WADA  athlete panel and he has used his experiences to become an unlikely figurehead in the crusade against doping -- with the help of Garmin-Sharp general manager Jonathan Vaughters , who has also admitted that he doped as a pro cyclist . "  We started off at Slipstream , now with Garmin-Sharp , but we started off with a team with a pragmatic method , " Millar continued . "  That method was originally to sign me as an anti-doper , as an anti-doping crusader who had been a doper ... it 's not very logical but it was inspired by Jonathan Vaughters . "  We really have led by example . We 're not going to rely on their anti-doping methods . We 've said : ` We 're going to do this ourselves ' and we 've been flag bearers ourselves for the sport . " What Millar hopes Vaughters has fostered at Garmin-Sharp is an environment in which a young , clean rider can harbor legitimate dreams of winning cycling 's biggest prize . While his early career led him down the wrong path , Millar 's experiences have afforded him a unique insight which could prove invaluable to those who might be tempted to dope . "  I made the wrong decisions because I was surrounded by the wrong people in the wrong culture , " declares Millar . "  But because of that , it 's allowed me to understand that mentality and put everything into what we do with our team now . Our team is the total opposite . "  We create an environment for a young version of me to remain naive , be idealistic , and reach the Tour de France without ever encountering drugs . "  I 'm very proud of that ... I 'd like to think I 'm a kind of example of the whole story . " The sport is now in a position where , according to Millar , it is creating icons such as 2012 Tour de France winner Bradley Wiggins , who wo n't be defending his title this year , and fellow Garmin-Sharp rider Ryder Hesjeda , l who can be admired and trusted . "  I have trust in Bradley Wiggins . I have absolute trust in my teammate , Hesjedal who won the 2012 Giro d'Italia . "  The Giro and the Tour de France are arguably two of the toughest sporting events in the world , and probably the two flagship events of cycling . "  If two riders that I trust implicitly have won those in 2012 ... that should give us all hope . It means it 's possible now . "	British cyclist David Millar was handed a two-year ban for doping in 2004 Millar was arrested by French police while having dinner The Scot returned to racing in 2006 and is a leading figure in the fight against doping Millar is riding for the Garmin-Sharp team in the 2013 Tour de France
CNN  -- A winter storm blasting the Northeast caused significant headaches for travelers on Friday , including long delays at several airports , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Flights destined for Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey were arriving more than four hours late on average , the FAA reported around 4 p.m. ET on its website . Significant delays were reported elsewhere in the region as well , including about 2Â 1/2 hours at both New York 's LaGuardia airport and Boston 's Logan airport . The travel situation , however , did improve considerably over the course of the night . By 9 p.m. , for instance , most Northeast airports were experiencing only minimal delays . One exception then was LaGuardia , which still was experiencing 2Â 1/2 - hour backups on arriving flights , according to the FAA . Even so , between United , Delta and American airlines alone , the bad weather caused at least 670 flight cancellations Friday in the Northeast corridor . Some areas of Massachusetts could be under two feet of snow by the time the storm cleared the area Friday night , according to the National Weather Service . The Northeast is n't the only area being hit by late wintry weather . Blizzard warnings were posted through Saturday and in some cases into Sunday for parts of four Rockies and Plains states . Parts of Colorado could see 10 to 15 inches of snow , according to the weather service . Before it hit in full , the storm system had already caused travel issues . United Airlines preemptively canceled 270 flights on Saturday and Southwest canceled another 125 . Most of the cancellations impact Denver .	NEW : The situation at most Northeast airports improves as the night passes , the FAA says Arriving flights at Newark airport had been delayed more than four hours Two feet of snow could fall in Massachusetts , the National Weather Service says 3 airlines alone canceled about 670 flights in the Northeast corridor on Friday
CNN  -- South Africans gathered at a stadium Saturday for the funeral service of a woman considered the mother of the nation 's liberation struggle . Albertina Sisulu , 92 , died at her home last week . Crowds gathered at a football stadium in Soweto for the service , which follows a week of national mourning . Flags were flown at half mast in the nation and its overseas consulates during the mourning period . "  One of the most steadfast , dignified and disciplined pillars of our struggle has fallen , " said South African President Jacob Zuma , who attended the funeral . "  An era has ended . " Sisulu was married to anti-apartheid leader Walter Sisulu , who was imprisoned for decades with former South African President Nelson Mandela . In his book , "  Long Walk to Freedom , " Mandela says the couple 's home was "  a mecca for activists " during the fight against apartheid . "  It was a warm  and  welcoming place , " he says , and describes her as having "  a wise and wonderful presence . " But the woman affectionately called "  Ma Sisulu " was also an icon in her own right . She helped nurture a new generation of leaders in between detention periods that included a 1963 seizure by the apartheid government that led to a solitary confinement for weeks South African officials said , Sisulu would take to the streets as soon as she was freed to rally against the trials of anti-apartheid movement leaders , the ruling African National Congress said in a statement . After her husband was sentenced to life imprisonment in 1964 , she was banned from attending gatherings of more than two people and taking part in political activities , the ruling party said . In the 1960s , she faced various bans , including one confining her to her home at nights , weekends and public holidays , according to the party . Despite the setbacks , she continued with her quest for liberation . "  Although politics has given me a rough life , there is absolutely nothing I regret about what I have done and what has happened to me and my family , " she has said . "  Instead , I have been strengthened and feel more of a woman than I would otherwise have felt if my life was different . " Zuma described the diminutive woman as a "  pillar of strength not only for her family , but also the entire liberation " movement . "  She reared , counseled , nursed and educated most of the leaders and founders of the democratic South Africa , " the president said in a statement . Sisulu founded the Federation of South African Women and other civic organizations . Her husband died in 2003 .	Zuma describes her as a "  dignified and disciplined " pillar for the fight to end apartheid Albertina Sisulu and her husband played a pivotal role in the fight for liberation Her funeral follows a week of national mourning Flags fly at half-mast during the mourning period
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Four thousand women are running for office in Iraq 's provincial elections Saturday , and many of them will be guaranteed seats under an electoral quota system . Iraqi women show off their ink-stained fingers after voting Saturday in Baghdad . Regardless of the votes their candidates receive , parties are required to give every third seat to a woman , according to a report this week from the International Crisis Group . The ultimate share of seats held by women will depend on the distribution of votes among parties , the report said . Some women candidates say these elections -- only the second provincial elections since the fall of Saddam Hussein -- are a chance to improve their standing in Iraqi society . Nibras al-Mamuri is a secular female candidate who argues that fundamentalists have taken over the country . She says it was the 2005 elections that brought them into power and tarnished Islam 's image in Iraq . Al-Mamuri , who is running for the Baghdad provincial council , says it 's time for a change . Watch how women are trying to bring change to Iraq " "  Although a woman 's role in the Arab world is mainly that of a mother and child bearer , " she said , "  I want to prove that women are just as capable as men when it comes to challenging arenas . " At first , al-Mamuri said , she thought just participating in the elections as a woman was enough . But now , she says she is running to win in order to defy men who believe a woman 's place is in the home . "  I 've entered a battlefield where women have to prove they are competent , " she said . "  I have to forget about fear . " In recent years , Iraqi women have been targeted by extremists for a variety of reasons -- from not covering their hair to entering the political arena . Under Hussein , Iraq was one of the more secular Arab countries , but the 2003 U.S. invasion unleashed extremist militias . Now , many activists say women have been forced back to the Dark Ages , forced to be submissive , anonymous and fully veiled . Al-Mamuri said she believes Saturday 's vote can help women improve their position in society . "  An Iraqi woman can be an equal . She can participate in change , " she told CNN . The image of a woman posing a public and direct challenge to fundamentalists and their beliefs was not seen in the 2005 vote . "  Iraqi women form the core of society , " said Rissala Khalid , another female candidate in Baghdad . Passing out her campaign card , Khalid told young women that she will fight for their rights , and told young men that she will try to provide jobs for Iraq 's largely unemployed youth . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Female candidates seek to change women 's status in Iraqi society Many will be guaranteed seats under electoral quota system Candidate says she 's running to challenge fundamentalist beliefs about women
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In a congratulatory letter to president-elect Barack Obama , French President Nicholas Sarkozy writes , "  Your election raises in France , in Europe , and beyond throughout the world , immense hope . " President-elect Barack Obama faces a litany of foreign policy problems when he takes office January 20 . Similar statements from dozens of world leaders and images of people around the world celebrating his election make clear Barack Obama will enjoy a good deal of international goodwill when he takes office on January 20 . Obama 's election offers a monumental transformation of America 's face to the world . Many see him as the epitome of the American dream . But his appeal is not solely based on the fact that he is black or that his middle name is Hussein or that his father was Kenyan or that he spent part of his childhood in Indonesia . The global excitement over Obama 's election is as much about the fact that he is n't President Bush . In his victory speech Tuesday night , Obama said , "  To all those watching from beyond our shores , our stories are singular , but our destiny is shared , and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand . " Watch CNN 's Zain Verjee report on the world 's reaction to Obama 's election " Those were welcome words to those who resented what they viewed as eight years of "  unilateralist " Bush policies . His words spark hope that an Obama administration will repair America 's relations with the rest of the world . But as high as those hopes are , so too are the sky-high expectations . The world has been seduced by Obama 's vision of change . But will "  Obamamania " survive the realities of governing ? It is difficult to think of a U.S. president who has come to power with a more complex and pressing web of domestic and international burdens . He inherits a global financial meltdown , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , a global struggle against terrorism , and a military already stretched to its limits . Add to that , a simmering crisis with Iran , renewed tensions with Russia , and the rise of China as a global economic powerhouse , and Obama 's plate starts to get pretty full . Obama also takes the reins at a time of enormous anti-American sentiment after the stains of Abu Ghraib , Guantanamo and , closer to home , Hurricane Katrina . U.S. power is declining , and not entirely by fault of its own . The concept of a single-superpower world no longer fits . Developing countries like China , Brazil and India , coupled with a stronger European Union belong to a new world where many players call the shots . Globalization requires more cooperation with a wider range of countries and organizations . Obama 's speech in Europe this summer about the need for reconciliation , signaled he wants to strengthen ties with Europe damaged during the Bush administration , especially over Iraq . His pledge to withdraw from Iraq and his promise for strong action on climate change is bound to make European allies happy . But issues like trade and increased troops for Afghanistan could spark new differences with Europe . Obama has pledged to make Middle East peace a priority from Day One . Arabs are already calling for a more even-handed approach , while Israel is expecting Obama to stay true to the pro-Israel posture he showed during the campaign . And there are other complications -- like politics on the ground . Israeli elections early next year could bring hawkish former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu back to power . And if moderate Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is unable to win support from Hamas next year to extend his term , his re-election is far from certain . Obama has promised to engage Iran 's leaders on a multitude of issues , but it remains to be seen if Iran would accept any deal to give up its pursuit of nuclear weapons . Obama could be forced into a devil 's choice between military action  or supporting an Israeli strike  and living with a nuclear Iran . There is a long list of other pressing issues . Obama is likely to continue the Bush administration 's policy of going after extremists in Pakistan . And in Africa , conflicts in Sudan , Somalia and the Democratic Republic of Congo continue to churn . This is by no means an exhaustive list . Countries around the world will compete for Obama 's attention . Africa , elated over the election of America 's first black president , may expect increased attention and aid from the United States . Additionally , Muslims familiar with Obama 's Kenyan father and middle name , "  Hussein , " may think he will be more understanding of their concerns . Will he embrace them or distance himself from them , in an effort to prove he does not hold any bias ? The president-elect must navigate this minefield of expectations . Once the gloss of this historic election wears off , the world will find Obama can not be president to the world . He can only be president of the United States and Americans will expect him to protect their interests first and foremost .	Analysis : Many see Obama as the epitome of the American dream Analysis : Global excitement over Obama 's election is also about Bush 's exit Analysis : Obama faces complex foreign policy issues when he takes office Analysis : Americans will expect Obama to protect their interests first and foremost
Paris  CNN  -- Al Jazeera will not broadcast video it received showing killings in France blamed on Mohammed Merah , it announced Tuesday , saying the material "  does not meet our Code of Ethics . " The network is "  also declining all requests for copies , " it said on Twitter . The decision came after Al Jazeera 's Paris bureau chief said the network received video of the shootings in the mail . The edited footage contains images of the killings of seven people , along with music , religious singing and readings from the Quran , bureau chief Zied Tarrouche said Tuesday . "  You can hear the gunshots at the time of the killings . ... You can hear the cries of the victims , " he said on CNN affiliate BFM-TV . Al Jazeera gave the material to the police , he said . Before the network 's decision not to broadcast it , French President Nicolas Sarkozy asked television stations not to show the footage "  out of respect for the victims and out of respect for the republic . " "  I ask the heads of all television channels that have these images in their possession not to distribute them under any circumstances , " the French leader said . Merah , the suspect in the shootings , was killed Thursday at the end of a 32-hour siege at the apartment in the city of Toulouse where he was holed up . He was wanted for the killings of three French paratroopers , a rabbi and three children ages 4 , 5 , and 7 . Two other people were seriously wounded in shootings blamed on him . The video arrived by mail Monday on a USB stick along with an unsigned letter claiming al Qaeda was responsible for the attacks , Tarrouche told CNN . The memory stick contained two clips with a total of 25 minutes of material , Tarrouche told CNN . Al Jazeera kept a copy when police took the original , he said . The video of the shootings on March 11 , 15 and 19 was apparently recorded by a camera around the gunman 's neck , Tarrouche said . Police said earlier they believed Merah had filmed the killings and that they had recovered video after he was killed . Separately , the Israeli government confirmed Tuesday that Merah had visited Israel and the West Bank for three days in September 2010 , but did not offer details about what he did there . He crossed from Jordan via the Allenby Bridge , where he underwent procedural questioning by Israel 's internal security service , the Shin Bet , and was allowed to enter , government spokesman Mark Regev said . On Sunday , police charged Merah 's brother , Abdelkader , with complicity in seven murders and two attempted murders and took him into custody , the Paris prosecutor 's office said . Authorities also charged the brother with conspiracy to prepare acts of terrorism and group theft , the prosecutor 's office said . Abdelkader Merah feels he is being made a scapegoat for the crimes his brother is accused of , his lawyer Anne-Sophie Laguens said . He feels Mohammed Merah 's acts were "  reprehensible , " Laguens said on BFM-TV , adding : "  The impression we are getting today is that because we were n't able to put his brother on trial because he is no longer with us , then maybe we are coming down on the only person that is present . " Police also questioned Mohammed Merah 's mother and his brother 's girlfriend , but have released them without charge , the Paris prosecutor said . Questions have been raised as to why Merah -- a petty criminal who was placed under surveillance by French authorities after visiting Pakistan and Afghanistan -- was not being more closely watched . He claimed to have attended an al Qaeda training camp , according to Paris prosecutor Francois Molins , and was on the U.S. no-fly list for that reason , a U.S. intelligence official said . Prime Minister Francois Fillon told French radio station RTL that "  there was no single element " that would have allowed the police to arrest Merah before the killings began . He was tracked down by police 10 days after the first shooting on March 11 . In that attack , Imad Ibn Ziaten , a paratrooper of North African origin , arranged to meet a man in Toulouse who said he wanted to buy a scooter Ziaten had advertised online , the interior minister said . The victim said in the ad that he was in the military . Four days later , two other soldiers were shot dead and another injured by a black-clad man wearing a motorcycle helmet in a shopping center in the city of Montauban , about 50 kilometers  30 miles  from Toulouse . In the third attack , at the private Jewish school Ozar Hatorah on March 19 , a man wearing a motorcycle helmet and driving a motor scooter pulled up and shot a teacher and three children -- two of them the teacher 's young sons -- in the head . The other victim , the daughter of the school 's director , was killed in front of her father . Police said the same guns were used in all three attacks . CNN 's Bharati Naik , Kevin Flower , Louis Fraysse , Anna Prichard and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Al Jazeera will not show or distribute the video it received , it says Nicolas Sarkozy asks TV stations to show respect for the victims Al Jazeera got 25 minutes of footage along with an unsigned note , it says Mohammed Merah visited Israel and the West Bank , the Israeli government says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A 49-year-old woman collapsed and died on the floor of a waiting room at a Brooklyn psychiatric hospital and lay there for more than an hour as employees ignored her , according to the New York Civil Liberties Union , which on Tuesday released surveillance camera video of the incident . Surveillance video shows a woman lying on the hospital floor for almost an hour before anyone helped her . Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted to the psychiatric emergency department of Kings County Hospital Center on June 18 for what the hospital describes as "  agitation and psychosis . " Upon her admission , Green waited nearly 24 hours for treatment , said the civil liberties union , which was among the groups filing suit against the facility last year seeking improved conditions for patients . The surveillance camera video shows the woman rolling off a waiting room chair , landing face-down on the floor and convulsing . Her collapse came at 5:32 a.m. June 19 , the NYCLU said , and she stopped moving at 6:07 a.m. . During that time , the organization said , workers at the hospital ignored her . At 6:35 a.m. , the tape shows a hospital employee approaching and nudging Green with her foot , the group said . Help was summoned three minutes later . Watch the surveillance video " In addition , the organization said , hospital staff falsified Green 's records to cover up the time she had lain there without assistance . "  Contrary to what was recorded from four different angles by the hospital 's video cameras , the patient 's medical records say that at 6 a.m. , she got up and went to the bathroom , and at 6:20 a.m. she was ` sitting quietly in waiting room ' -- more than 10 minutes since she last moved and 48 minutes after she fell to the floor . " The New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , which oversees the hospital , released a statement Tuesday saying it was "  shocked and distressed by this situation . It is clear that some of our employees failed to act based on our compassionate standards of care . " After a preliminary investigation , the corporation said it suspended or terminated six employees , "  including staff involved with the direct care of the patient as well as managers of security and clinical services , " the statement said . A Health and Hospitals Corporation spokeswoman said it was aware of the discrepancies in Green 's record when it began the preliminary investigation on June 20 . That information is now in the hands of various investigatory agencies , she said . The corporation pledged to put "  additional and significant " reforms in place in the wake of the incident . The civil liberties group and the Mental Hygiene Legal Service filed suit against Kings County in May 2007 in federal court , alleging that conditions at the facility are filthy . Patients are often forced to sleep in plastic chairs or floors covered in urine , feces and blood while waiting for beds , the groups allege , and often go without basic hygiene such as showers , clean linens and clean clothes . The lawsuit claims that patients who complain face physical abuse and are injected with drugs to keep them docile . The hospital , the suit alleges , lacks "  the minimal requirements of basic cleanliness , space , privacy , and personal hygiene that are constitutionally guaranteed even to convicted felons . " The video sent the organizations back into court Tuesday , demanding immediate reform . "  What 's happening in Kings County Hospital is an affront to human dignity , " New York Civil Liberties Union Executive Director Donna Lieberman said in a written statement . "  In 2008 in New York City , nobody should be subjected to this kind of treatment . It should not take the death of a patient to get the city to make changes that everyone knows are long overdue . " The Department of Justice recently initiated an investigation into conditions at the hospital , the organization said , prompting the facility to improve some of its problems . "  But the culture of abuse and neglect remains and , as evidenced by the June death , the situation is too dire to wait for the Justice Department to act , " the group said . Among the reforms agreed to in court Tuesday by the hospital are additional staffing ; checking of patients every 15 minutes ; and limiting to 25 the number of patients in the psychiatric emergency ward , officials said . In addition , the hospital said it is expanding crisis-prevention training for staff ; expanding space to prevent overcrowding ; and reducing patients ' wait time for release , treatment or placement in an inpatient bed . On Monday , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said he was appalled by the surveillance video . "  Look , I saw the film like everybody else did and I was -- horrified is much too nice a word . Disgusted I think is a better word . I ca n't explain what happened there . " Green , a native of the island of Jamaica , lived alone in Brooklyn 's Brownsville neighborhood . She had no close family in the United States , and her neighbor Beatrice Wallace described her as a quiet woman who had few visitors and spent most of her free time at church . The medical examiner is withholding autopsy results pending further study and investigation into the precise cause of death .	Esmin Green was involuntarily admitted June 18 for "  agitation and psychosis " Kings County Hospital Center was target of lawsuit over conditions Tape shows Green collapse , convulse and lay still ; workers ignore her Group says hospital staff falsified records to cover up incident
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Debates are a campaign 's restart button . Voters try to erase their preconceptions and examine the candidates face-to-face , equal and unscripted -- which is why a challenger , particularly one who 's running behind , is eager to have as many debates as possible . Voters said John Kerry won the debates in 2004 but they liked George W. Bush better and he won a second term . "  Let 's meet every week from now until the election and talk about the real issues facing Americans . " That was John Kerry to U.S. President George W. Bush in August 2004 . Republican John McCain issued the same challenge to Democratic Barack Obama this summer , when Obama was the frontrunner in the polls . This year there 's three debates between the presidential candidates -- September 26 in Mississippi ; October 7 in Tennessee and October 15 in New York state . Debates are valuable because they provide most of the spontaneous moments in the campaign . Everything else is staged -- the rallies , the television ads , the conventions . But debates , which are organized by the bipartisan Commission on Presidential Debates , are unscripted . The candidates do not know the questions in advance . How do they prepare ? Debate coaches grill them . They ask them tough questions on every subject likely to come up . They even coach the candidates on "  body language , " such as how to invade an opponent 's space in order to appear dominant . Watch a preview of the upcoming presidential debate " In every election since 1952 -- until this year -- either the president has run for re-election  like George W. Bush in 2004  or the vice president has run to succeed him  like Al Gore in 2000  . Debates give the challenger a chance to close the stature gap with the president or the vice president . And to make the election a referendum on the incumbent president . In 1960 , John F. Kennedy , who was challenging Vice President Richard Nixon , played to concerns that the U.S. was losing its competitive edge against the Soviet Union . "  Are our strength and prestige rising ? " Kennedy asked in a debate . "  Do people want to be identified with us ? " The 1980 race was very much in doubt when challenger Ronald Reagan went into his one and only debate with President Jimmy Carter one week before Election Day . Reagan 's hard-line image frightened many voters . He used the debate to reassure them that he was n't a dangerous man . And to frame the election as a referendum on his opponent . "  Ask yourself , are you better off than you were four years ago ? " Reagan said in his closing statement . "  Is it easier for you to go and buy things in the stores than it was four years ago ? Do you feel that our security is as safe , that we 're as strong as we were four years ago ? " Debates often provide revealing moments . Like when President Gerald Ford prematurely liberated Eastern Europe at a 1976 debate . "  The United States does not concede that these countries are under the domination of the Soviet Union , " the president said , making specific reference to Poland , Yugoslavia and Romania . In 1988 , Michael Dukakis gave a dispassionate response when asked whether he would favor the death penalty for someone who raped and murdered his wife . "  I 've opposed the death penalty all of my life , " Dukakis replied . "  I do n't see any evidence that it 's a deterrent . " In 1992 , the first President Bush was criticized for being out of touch with ordinary Americans . That perception was reinforced during a debate when the camera caught the president looking at his watch as he took questions from voters . One voter asked about the consequences of the national debt . "  I 'm not sure I get it , " President Bush responded . The challenger got it . "  Tell me how -LSB- the debt -RSB- has affected you ? " Bill Clinton responded . "  Do you know people who have lost their jobs and lost their homes ? " In 2000 , Al Gore may have won more debating points . But the camera caught Gore theatrically sighing while George W. Bush answered questions . Voters liked Bush better . And that 's what counted . Similarly in 2004 , when CNN polled viewers after each debate , the prevailing view was that Kerry won . Voters concluded Kerry was a better debater than Bush . But that did n't get Kerry many votes . Voters decide how to vote based on many qualities , not just debating skills . The prize for winning a debate is not winning the election . What debates really do is keep the race open . Many voters say : "  I 'm going to hit the restart button , clear the screen and watch the debates with an open mind . Then I 'll decide how to vote . "	Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama are having three debates Debates provide spontaneous moments and often provide revealing moments They give voters the chance to examine the candidates face-to-face and equal But winning the debate does not necessarily mean winning the White House
CNN  -- After it spent decades buried in library archives , a newly discovered story from playwright Tennessee Williams was published this month . The story , titled "  Crazy Night , " appears in the new issue of The Strand mystery magazine released March 25 , and coincides with the 70-year anniversary of Williams ' classic play "  The Glass Menagerie . " Andrew F. Gulli , managing editor of The Strand , recently uncovered the 14-page manuscript at the University of Texas at Austin 's Harry Ransom Center . Gulli says he was researching the Mississippi-born writer when he came across what he describes as a "  treasure trove " of Williams ' personal papers and documents . Williams is one of America 's best-known and most revered playwrights . During the peak of his career in the 1940s and '50s , he was praised by critics and scorned by social conservatives for tackling taboo subjects of the time , including rape , incest and homosexuality . Many of his plays were turned into hit movies featuring Hollywood stars such as Marlon Brando and Elizabeth Taylor . Williams twice won the Pulitzer Prize and was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom . Williams died in 1983 . Gulli was initially skeptical that the story had never before been published , but several experts , including an agent for Williams ' literary estate , said they 'd never heard of it . "  I thought it was captivating , " Gulli says . "  It 's raw but has a fresh voice and shows a great deal of maturity for his age . " Williams , who was born in 1911 , wrote "  Crazy Night " in his early 20s , years before his Broadway success with plays such as "  A Streetcar Named Desire " and "  Cat on a Hot Tin Roof . " In the semi-autobiographical story , a troubled college freshman faces flunking out of school on the last night of spring term . It explores themes of love and deceit and includes a thinly veiled reference to Williams ' romance with one of his college classmates . "  To me , it 's a great highlight to find something new from somebody I grew up revering , " Gulli says . Gulli has a knack for finding long-lost works . In the last five years , he 's discovered previously unpublished stories and essays from authors including Agatha Christie , Graham Greene , H.G. Wells and Mark Twain . But Gulli says he has a soft spot for Williams . "  To me he 's as relevant today as he was when his works were first published , " Gulli said . Indeed , many of Williams plays are still performed today . "  The Glass Menagerie " first premiered in New York on March 31 , 1945 , and a revival recently wrapped a successful run on Broadway . What 's your favorite Tennessee Williams play ? Share your favorites in the comments below , on Twitter @CNNLiving or on CNN Living 's Facebook page .	A long-lost Tennessee Williams story was recently discovered at the University of Texas The never-before-published story , "  Crazy Night , " was buried in the authors ' personal papers The story was written before Williams found success as a Broadway playwright Williams ' fans are celebrating the 70th anniversary of his first hit play , "  The Glass Menagerie "
CNN  -- The U.S. drone strike that killed Anwar al-Awlaki , an American cleric who was born in New Mexico and who would go on to become an al-Qaeda leader in Yemen , did not silence his siren call to jihad . That fact was underlined Thursday by the indictment against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , who together with his brother , Tamerlan , allegedly carried out the deadly Boston Marathon bombing on April 15 . Some time before the Boston bombings , Dzhokhar downloaded a digital copy of a book for which Awlaki , who died in 2011 , had written the foreword . The book directed Muslims not to give allegiance to countries such as the United States that have invaded Muslim lands . Four days after the Boston bombings , surrounded by police and fearing death while hiding in a boat in Watertown , Massachusetts , Dzhokhar wrote messages that seemed to echo Awlaki 's ideas such as "  The U.S. government is killing our innocent civilians " and "  We Muslims are one body ; you hurt one , you hurt us all . " The Tsernaevs are only the tip of Awlaki 's influence on American militants . According to a count by the New America Foundation , 24 "  homegrown " violent jihadist extremists in the United States who have been indicted or convicted of terrorism or have been killed while engaged in violent jihad since 2001 read Awlaki 's propaganda or maintained contact with him . This accounts for around one in five of all jihadist extremists indicted , convicted or killed since Awlaki 's influence was cited for the first time in court documents in 2007 , when his name turned up among the literature being read by members of a plot to attack the Ft. Dix military base in southern New Jersey . From the grave , terrorist inspires a new generation Awlaki first came to the attention of the FBI while he was living in San Diego where he had come into contact with two of the 9/11 hijackers in 2000 . The FBI investigated those connections but was unable to discover if Awlaki had any nefarious connections to the hijackers . Awlaki was working as an imam in Virginia in 2002 . He then traveled to the United Kingdom and then to Yemen where his family was from . In 2007 , after a spell in a Yemeni jail that he blamed on the United States , Awlaki became more radicalized and he adopted an increasingly strident anti-American tone in his sermons , which were widely distributed on the Internet . Soon Awlaki joined up with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . His role at first was as a spiritual adviser . But he became more involved in operations over time . For instance , he played a central role in the recruitment of the Nigerian "  underwear bomber " Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , who tried to blow up Northwest Flight 253 over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 , court documents showed . Since Awlaki 's death in the 2011 drone strike , other militants have continued to be influenced by Awlaki 's propaganda . Quazi Nafis , a 21-year old Bangladeshi on a student visa , was arrested in 2012 for plotting to bomb the New York Federal Reserve . Nafis told a government informant that Awlaki 's ideas had influenced him . In December 2012 , Randy Wilson and Mohammad Abukhdair were arrested in Georgia while attempting to travel to fight for al Shabaab , the al Qaeda affiliate in Somalia . According to the indictment Abukhdair provided an informant with compact discs containing lectures by Awlaki , and Wilson watched Awlaki 's videos . It is not surprising that Awlaki 's influence has not disappeared following his death . Awlaki 's role in the radicalization of homegrown extremists was not primarily that of directing and facilitating operations . Only four U.S.-based extremists maintained contact with Awlaki rather than simply reading or watching his propaganda , according to the New America Foundation count . Authorities say Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan , accused of murder in the 2009 Fort Hood , Texas , shooting spree that killed 13 people , communicated with Awlaki by e-mail prior to the attack . He also followed Awlaki 's publications very closely . However , a commission conducted after the attack to review the FBI 's failure to prevent the shooting found no evidence that Awlaki directed Hasan 's attack . Awlaki also is said to have played an important role in the radicalization of Zachary Chesser , a Virginia resident who planned to join al Shabaab . According to a report by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security , Chesser rapidly radicalized after his conversion to Islam in the summer of 2008 and was heavily influenced by Awlaki . Chesser began to post his writings on Awlaki 's blog and began an e-mail correspondence with him , authorities have said . Chesser decided to join al Shabaab 's struggle in Somalia because of Awlaki 's teachings on jihad , according to the congressional report . Chesser was arrested as he was about to fly to Africa from New York City in July 2010 . Looking to the future , the role of Awlaki 's propaganda as a driver of homegrown extremism will largely be determined by whether the materials he produced before he died remain relevant and easily available on the many websites that distribute his lectures . The Boston bombings remind us that at least as of now , Awlaki continues to exert his influence even from beyond the grave .	Anwar al-Awlaki was killed by a U.S. drone strike in 2011 , but continues to influence jihadists Peter Bergen notes that the cleric 's influence was clear in Boston Marathon indictment Other terrorism cases in the U.S. bear imprint of Awlaki 's statements , Bergen says Bergen : Will others sympathetic to al Qaeda continue to spread his teachings ?
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish court says it is investigating an alleged "  crime against humanity " involving Israel for its 2002 bombing in Gaza that killed 15 people and wounded 150 others . The case names former Israeli Defense Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer and six other Israelis . The case , brought by Palestinian relatives of some of the deceased , names former Israeli Defense Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer and six other Israeli top military commanders and security officials at the time . The National Court said it has jurisdiction to investigate the case , and that initial evidence suggests the bombing "  should be considered a crime against humanity , " according to a copy of the court order viewed by CNN on Thursday . Edwin Yabo , spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Madrid , said Israel would not comment until it receives formal notification of the case . He said he learned about the court 's decision through a phone call from CNN . The National Court previously has taken on other high-profile human rights cases outside of Spain , such as charges against former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet and more recently against former military leaders of El Salvador . The court argues that if a potential human rights crime is not being investigated by the country in question , Spain can proceed , under international law . The Israeli case involves the July 22 , 2002 bombing in Gaza of the home of a suspected Hamas commander , Salah Shehadeh , the seven-page court order said . The blast killed him , but also members of a Palestinian family , whose last name is Mattar . They lived next door . Some of their relatives brought the suit to the court last August . The court said that , while it initially considered whether to accept the case or not , it asked Israel for information , but "  as of today , Israeli authorities have not complied with the request for international judicial cooperation . " So the court formally took on the case . The next likely step would be for the Spanish investigating magistrate handling the case , Judge Fernando Andreu , to put the seven Israelis named in the suit under official investigation . That is equivalent to preliminary charges , which could lead later to an indictment , a National Court spokeswoman told CNN . The Israelis named in the case , besides former defense minister Ben-Eliezer , are the following former officials : Dan Halutz , Israeli air force commander at the time ; Doron Almog , a general in charge of Israel 's southern command ; Giora Eiland , president of the national security council ; Michael Herzog , a senior defense ministry official , Moshe Ya'alon , head of the Israeli defense forces and Abraham Dichter , a senior security official . The court said it will notify Israel to request that those named in the complaint be formally notified , so that they could called by the Spanish court to testify .	Spanish court to investigate alleged "  crime against humanity " involving Israel Allegation centers on 2002 bombing in Gaza that killed 15 , wounded 150 others Case brought by relatives of some victims names ex-Israeli defense minister Spokesman for Israeli Embassy in Madrid said Israel declines to comment
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- In a rare case , a Spanish court convicted two Somalia men of piracy in the 2009 takeover of a Spanish fishing vessel and sentenced each to 439 years in prison , according to a copy of the sentence viewed by CNN on Tuesday . The long prison terms stem mainly from the conviction for illegal detention of the vessel 's 36 crew members , with a sentence of 11 years for each count of piracy , or 396 years . In addition , the defendants were convicted on three other counts , including armed robbery and belonging to a criminal gang , which boosted the overall sentence to 439 years . The vessel , the Alakrana , was freed in November 2009 after being held for 47 days off the coast of Somalia . The crew included 16 Spanish sailors and 20 from Africa and Asia . A day after the hijacking by 12 armed pirates , Spanish military monitoring the situation captured two pirate suspects on Oct. 3 , 2009 as they left the fishing vessel . Then authorities took the unusual step of bringing them to Madrid . Many other pirate suspects who have been captured by international military forces -- trying to ensure the safety of merchant shipping and fishing off the coast of Somalia -- have been taken to African nations for court procedures , but not to Europe . The Spanish court identified the two as Raageggesey Hassan Aji , of Ceel Maccan , Somalia , who was born in 1978 , although his birthdate was not disclosed ; and Cabdiweli Cabdullahi , of Marka , Somalia , with no age given , although the court determined before the trial that was an adult . Defense lawyers argued unsuccessfully for their acquittal . Despite the 439-year sentences , a court official told CNN that the likely maximum that could be served for such convictions is about 30 years . Spanish media reported in 2009 that a ransom had been paid to free the ship , and a leading Spanish fishing industry executive , Juan Manuel Vietes , told CNN at the time he was certain a ransom was paid for the release of the tuna trawler , but he did n't know the amount . The Spanish government did not say how the ship had been freed .	The two were involved in the 2009 hijacking of the Spanish ship Alakrana In an unusual move , the two were brought to Spain for trial
China launched its first lunar probe early Monday , which , if all goes well , will make it only the third nation -- after the United States and the Soviet Union -- to soft-land on the moon . The launch of the unmanned probe took place at 1:30 a.m. Monday  12:30 p.m. ET Sunday  , state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The Chang ` e-3 blasted off from a Long March 3B rocket in Sichuan province located in southwest China and is expected to land on the moon 's surface in mid-December . The new space effort comes just over a decade after the country first sent an astronaut into space . Unlike the soft-landing of the U.S. and the Soviet Union 's unmanned spacecraft , Chang ` e-3 will be able to survey the landscape first and determine the safest spot . Researchers say an impact crater named Sinus Iridum , or Bay of Rainbows , is its likely destination . In 2010 , China 's previous lunar mission captured images of the crater while scouting potential landing sites for the 2013 probe . China sets course for lunar landing this year On landing , the spacecraft will release Jade Rabbit  called Yutu in Chinese  -- a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with four cameras and two mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples , a designer for the rover told Xinhua last month . A public poll determined the the solar-powered robot 's name , which comes from the white pet rabbit of the Chinese moon godess Chang ` e . The slow-moving rover will patrol the moon 's surface for at least three months , according to Xinhua . Timeline : China 's race into space In the United States , scientists are concerned the Chinese mission could interfere with a NASA study of the moon 's dust environment . Chang ` e-3 's descent is likely to create a noticeable plume on the moon 's surface that could skew the results of research already being carried out by NASA 's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer  LADEE  , Jeff Plescia , chair of NASA 's Lunar Exploration Analysis Group told Space.com , a space news site . Chopsticks and soup spoons the inspiration behind China 's space tools	China launched an unmanned lunar probe Monday Chang ` e-3 will release a solar-powered rover on the moon 's surface The probe may interfere with a NASA lunar dust study , U.S. scientist says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- During the presidential campaign , then-candidate Barack Obama said that he hoped his administration would n't get hung up on matters of race . Judge Sonia Sotomayor , center , meets with staffers from the White House Counsel 's Office on Monday . But several Republicans have said recently that his nomination of federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor for the Supreme Court has made race an issue . Former Republican Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich called Sotomayor a racist . Conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh called the president "  the greatest living example of a reverse racist , " and said that he has picked another for the Supreme Court vacancy of retiring Justice David Souter . Limbaugh later equated Sotomayor to former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke . At issue is what she said at the UC Berkeley School of Law in about her hope that "  a wise Latina woman would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " One top GOP senator said he wants more than an explanation . "  I think she should apologize , but I do n't believe any American wants a judge on the bench that 's going to use empathy or their background to punish someone , " South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham told Fox News . Democrats have said conservative reaction to the pick is over the line . "  She 's been called the equivalent of the head of the Ku Klux Klan by Rush Limbaugh ; she 's been called a bigot by other Republican leaders like Newt Gingrich . I want to give her an opportunity to answer these kind of people , " said Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont , who chairs the Judiciary Committee that will conduct Sotomayor 's confirmation hearing . The ranking Republican on the committee , Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama , tried to turn down the heat over the weekend . Watch range of comments on Sotomayor and race " "  We should not demagogue race . It 's an important issue in our culture and our country . We need to handle it with respect that it deserves , " Sessions said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " on Sunday . GOP leaders have focused on Sotomayor 's appellate court decision against a mostly white group of firefighters who say they were discriminated against after a promotion test was thrown out , because critics said it discriminated against minority firefighters . But legal experts have said her full record on race is n't that controversial -- in 96 race-related cases decided by Sotomayor on the court of appeals , she and her fellow judges ruled against discrimination 78 times and agreed with the claims in 10 cases , according to Scotusblog.com . Sen. Mitch McConnell , who will meet with Sotomayor on Tuesday , told CNN 's "  State of the Union " on Sunday that he could n't predict how long it will take for Republicans to examine her record . But CNN political analyst David Gergen said they risk putting themselves on trial in front of Latino-Americans . "  If they line up uniformly in hostility against the first Hispanic woman to the court , they risk paying a terrible price with the biggest and fastest-growing minority in this country , " Gergen said .	Some Republicans call Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor a reverse racist GOP leaders avoid that stance ; "  We should not demagogue race , " one says Dems say the charge is over the line and Sotomayor deserves chance to answer Legal experts say Sotomayor 's case record on race is not very controversial
CNN  -- Republican Sen. Rob Portman 's flip-flop approval for same-sex marriage , is just the latest change of heart on the issue by conservatives . Even Democrats like President Obama -- have turned around after opposing it . This change in attitude is just one of many milestones for the movement . Here are five of the most important turning points in the same-sex marriage debate : 1993 : In a landmark case , Hawaii 's Supreme Court ruled that the state ca n't deny same-sex couples the right to marry unless it finds "  a compelling reason " to do so . It orders the issue back to the state legislature , which then voted to ban gay marriage . This was one of earliest debates on the issue at the state level , and was a precursor to the legal battles nationwide . Today , domestic partnerships and civil unions for same-sex couples are legal in Hawaii . 1996 : President Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act , or DOMA , -- which defines marriage as a legal union between a man and a woman . The law denies federal benefits to same-sex couples in the nine states where gay marriage is legal . Clinton said he signed it because it would have tamped down calls for a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage . Only 81 out of 535 members of Congress opposed DOMA . Fast-forward seventeen years to March 2013 , when Clinton urged the Supreme Court to overturn DOMA . He explained : "  As the president who signed the act into law , I have come to believe that DOMA is contrary to those principles and , in fact , incompatible with our Constitution . " 2004 : President Bush championed a constitutional amendment that would outlaw gay marriage . It was needed , he said , to stop "  activist judges " from redefining marriage . The idea found support among Senate conservatives , but its supporters could n't gather enough votes . By the way , all this unfolded during a contentious presidential campaign . Democratic White House hopefuls Sens. John Kerry and John Edwards opposed the amendment , but they also were against creating a specific law making same-sex marriage legal . 2012 : For the first time , voters approved same-sex marriage statewide at the ballot box . Similar measures had been rejected for years . Same-sex couples became free to marry in Maryland , Maine and Washington . Gay rights supporters also scored a smaller victory in Minnesota , where voters rejected a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage . Interestingly , support for same-sex marriage came from a mixed coalition of voters . Before 2012 , six states had already legalized gay marriage -- but via courts and legislatures -- not voters . 2013 : For the first time , the Obama administration joined the legal battle against California 's 2008 same-sex marriage ban . The Justice Department made it official in February when it filed a brief to the Supreme Court . The Obama administration urged the high court to invalidate the ban . Obama said that if he sat on the Supreme Court , he would vote to strike down Proposition 8 . The court document expressed the president 's evolution on the issue . In a short time he evolved from a backer of civil unions to a supporter of equality in marriage . Dozens of high-profile Republicans also argued in favor of same-sex marriage , in a court brief .	Rob Portman flip-flops to approve same-sex marriage 1993 : Hawaii 's top court says the state ca n't deny same-sex marriage 1996 : President Clinton signs the anti-gay marriage act , but later flips 2012 : Same-sex marriage approved by statewide votes for the first time
EW.com  -- I 've lost count , but "  After Earth " seems like it must be the fourth post-apocalyptic thriller this month . The movie teams Will Smith and his son , Jaden Smith , and it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan , the former maestro-huckster of the twist ending . But Shyamalan 's star has fallen , and he has become a glorified gun for hire . The movie takes off from a concept as basic as a videogame , and it sticks to that concept , without surprise . In the dystopian future , the human race has been forced to abandon a toxic earth overrun by snappy-jawed monsters that look like they came out of a Starship Troopers sequel . Will Smith plays Cypher , a military Ranger famous for his total absence of fear  that 's why he 's invincible to the monsters , who stalk their prey by smelling fear  , and Jaden plays his upstart Ranger-cadet son , Kitai , who is traveling with him on an interplanetary mission . When an asteroid storm forces the ship to crash-land on earth , Cypher is badly injured , and it 's up to Kitai to travel a hundred kilometers on foot , all to retrieve a homing beacon . But his father , who can see what Kitai sees through a digital transmission , talks to him as if he were a videogame avatar , guiding the kid through his trek to manhood . We 're not used to seeing Will Smith shorn of his lightness and humor , but in "  After Earth , " he 's solemn and heavy-lidded , and he speaks with grave deliberation , never even using contractions . He tries to make Cypher a kind of Obi-Wan figure , and Smith is charismatic enough to pull this off , but the father-son , mentor/disciple relationship is better than the rest of the film , which is like a plate of sci-fi leftovers . The knives have been out for Jaden Smith , who is routinely dismissed by blogosphere snark as a lucky-duck celebrity offspring whose dad will do anything to make him a star . I 'm someone who thinks that Jaden Smith has a lot of talent ; his moody melancholy held that "  Karate Kid " remake together . But a movie like After Earth , in which he mostly has to act all by himself , taking orders from his father as he dodges post-apocalyptic clichÃ © s , is n't doing him any favors . Grade : C + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  After Earth " is directed by M. Night Shyamalan Will Smith plays Cypher and real-life son Jaden plays his son , Kitai EW gives it a grade of C +
The suspected ringleader of the deadly terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , will remain jailed until trial , a federal magistrate ruled on Wednesday . Ahmed Abu Khatallah appeared at a brief detention hearing in federal court in Washington where he 's accused of providing material support to terrorists . Court documents released on the eve of the hearing allege he "  conspired to participate and then participated " in the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the American outpost in eastern Libya that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . He previously pleaded not guilty to the charge that carries a maximum life prison sentence . More are charges are possible . Abu Khatallah , who is thought to be in his early 40s , was captured earlier this month in Libya and transferred to the United States last weekend . Authorities contend that he 's a senior leader of Ansar al Sharia , whose members were among several militias that participated in the two-pronged armed assault . Assailants armed with automatic weapons and rocket-propelled grenades first blasted through the main diplomatic mission before setting it ablaze , the court papers said . Stevens and State Department information officer Sean Smith died there . A coordinated mortar assault on a nearby annex killed security officers Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty . "  The defendant 's participation in the attack was motivated by his extremist ideology , " prosecutors said in the documents , which also alleged that Abu Khatallah "  voiced concern and opposition to the presence of an American facility in Benghazi " days prior to the attack . Obama under fire over Benghazi suspect Arguing for his continued detention , prosecutors said that Abu Khatallah , since the attack , "  has continued to make efforts to target American personnel and property " and "  discuss with others his deadly and destructive intentions , " prosecutors said . But defense lawyers contend the Justice Department has n't provided evidence to support the case . CNN 's Pamela Brown asked lead prosecutor Michael DiLorenzo about the claims from Abu Khatallah 's camp regarding pre-trial discovery . He responded that prosecutors would try the case in court . The Benghazi attack has become a political flashpoint with Republicans , especially , questioning security protections beforehand , the U.S. response during the assault , and the Obama administration 's slow-to-evolve public explanation of what transpired . GOP members also are scrutinizing how Hillary Clinton handled the matter . She oversaw U.S. diplomacy at the time as secretary of state , and questions about her responses and decisionmaking endure as she considers a run for president . Benghazi attack timeline Benghazi mastermind captured without a single shot fired	Brief detention hearing held in federal court in Washington Ahmed Abu Khatallah was captured this month in Libya and transferred to the U.S. He has pleaded not guilty to a charge of providing support to terrorists The defense claims that prosecutors are not backing up their allegations
CNN  -- Jazz fans , as with their counterparts in rock 'n' roll , tend to be enthralled with the outlaws , renegades and mystics in their artistic realm . The further "  out " jazz musicians or composers are in their personal lives , goes the myth , the more visionary and transcendent their output . Who creates great , or even good art by playing it safe ? Dave Brubeck , who died of heart failure Wednesday , one day short of his 92nd birthday , was the paradigmatic "  good guy " of post-World War II jazz . But he was , of course , much more than that . He was one of the rare jazz musicians whose name and face were easily recognized by those who do n't know much about jazz . The Dave Brubeck Quartet , which featured Brubeck on piano and Paul Desmond on alto saxophone , was one of the iconic jazz ensembles of the 1950s and '60s , making its reputation with college campus recitals , playing in festivals and concert halls all over the world and releasing albums that went platinum . The group even put out a single , "  Take Five , " that climbed the pop charts , peaking at number 25 in 1961 on Billboard 's Hot 100 , rare air for any jazz artist , before and after the Beatles stormed the American pop firmament . "  Take Five " was one of the few Brubeck hits the leader did n't write himself .  Desmond , who died of lung cancer in 1977 , did .  But there were other enduring standards  "  Blue Rondo a la Turk , " "  Three to Get Ready "  introduced on the 1959 platinum-selling "  Time Out " LP , along with "  Take Five . " These and other pieces did clever , unexpected things with time-signatures  "  Blue Rondo " has a 9/8 beat while "  Take Five ' is in 5/4  that charmed audiences with their ingenuity while accustoming novices to jazz 's capacity for surprise . Brubeck 's piano playing was itself something of a rhythmic effect , striding , vamping , riffing with heavy chords and thick intonation . Desmond 's wry , airy lyricism provided the counterpoint and some critics preferred his playing to Brubeck 's . Still , not even the most discerning of these skeptics could deny Brubeck 's gifts as a composer . Besides such durable standards as "  In Your Own Sweet Way , " "  Summer Song " and "  The Duke , " a tribute to his hero Duke Ellington , Brubeck wrote suites for orchestras , oratorios for choirs and even the occasional theme for a TV series .  The lively "  Theme from ` Mr. Broadway ' " proved more enduring than the one-season wonder it was written for .  . News : Jazz great Dave Brubeck dies at 91 Through it all , he was , by all accounts , gregarious , self-possessed and generous in spirit . He was married to the same woman , the former Iola Marie Whitlock , from 1942 to the end of his life . He raised six children , four of whom followed their father into the music business , sometimes performing and recording on their own , sometimes with him . He and his family spent most of their lives in their Wilton , Connecticut , home where , despite a global touring schedule that , at one point had him doing 120 consecutive days of concerts in several cities , he always found sufficient time to write music , practice his piano and play with his children . In other words : No outlaw or renegade in this corner of the room . But Brubeck , as his multitudes of fans  and more than a few historians  attest , carried substantial artistic weight of his own while walking the straight-and-narrow . If ever there was an exemplar of the "  good guy " as visionary artist , it was Brubeck , who leaves behind a radiant legacy of steadfast integrity , an open-hearted  and open-minded  worldview and an infectious sense of play that lured listeners at whatever level of musical appreciation into the simple joys of fiddling with time and space . This son of a Stockton , California , cattle rancher would reap many honors for not heeding his father 's warning , recalled by Brubeck to me in a conversation a few years back , that there was no real life to be found "  playing in a smoky nightclub . " In 2009 , he was honored for lifetime achievement by the Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts , along with such diverse peers as Mel Brooks , Robert De Niro , Grace Bumbry and Bruce Springsteen . His 90th birthday was commemorated two years ago with a documentary produced by Clint Eastwood , featuring testimonials from sources as varied as President Bill Clinton , Bill Cosby , George Lucas and Stanley Crouch . In that documentary , Brubeck recalls not only his years of study under French composer Darius Milhaud  along with Ellington his greatest musical influence  , but also his service in World War II , most of which he spent in Patton 's Third Army in Europe . He would have fought at the Battle of the Bulge if he had n't been asked to play piano at a Red Cross show . He spent the last year-and-a-half of the war leading "  The Wolfpack , " an Army jazz band that was also one of the first racially mixed units in the armed services before the military 's postwar racial integration . In Ken Burns ' 2000 miniseries , "  Jazz , " Brubeck spoke with quiet , impassioned eloquence of the difficulties his unit encountered both with segregated troops overseas and with home-front racists at a Texas restaurant who refused them service . In his breakout year of 1954 , he appeared on the cover of Time magazine . Instead of being overjoyed at what was then a prestigious coup , Brubeck recalled his embarrassment over the fact that he had been so honored ahead of Duke Ellington , whom he felt was far more deserving . Being a "  good guy " was no small thing to Dave Brubeck or his fans . It should n't be to anyone else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Dave Brubeck , a good guy and masterly jazz musician , died Wednesday Brubeck led iconic jazz ensemble in '50s , 60s ; crossed onto pop charts with "  Take Five " Seymour : Brubeck gained popularity from campus tours ; known for unusual time signatures Seymour : He was humble , had infectious sense of play , lured fans to simple joy of jazz
CNN  -- Wael Ghonim , a Google executive who has been missing for more than a week following his purported arrest in Cairo , is to be released Monday , according to two Egyptian television news networks . Telecom executive Naguib Sawiris announced on OTV Sunday that Ghonim would be released at 4 p.m. Monday . Sawiris told CNN that Egyptian Vice President Omar Suleiman assured him during a Sunday meeting between government officials and opposition leaders that Ghonim would be released . State-run Nile TV reported that Prime Minister Ahmad Shafiq called the network to announce that a Google executive missing for more than a week will be released Monday . There was no explanation as to the executive 's whereabouts or condition . Sawiris is a member of the so-called Committee of the Wise , a group of independent elite leaders of Egyptian society taking part in talks over the future of the country . The announcements follow the release of a statement earlier Sunday by the human rights group Amnesty International . The statement warned that Ghonim was at risk of being tortured by Egytian authorities . "  The Egyptian authorities must immediately disclose where Wael Ghuneim is and release him or charge him with a recognizable criminal offence , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , deputy director of Middle and North Africa at Amnesty International . "  He must be given access to a doctor and a lawyer of his choice and not be subjected to torture or other ill-treatment . His case is just one of many that highlight the continued crackdown by the Egyptian authorities on those exercising their right to protest peacefully . " Ghonim , according to Amnesty International , was declared missing after he failed to meet with his brother January 28 , as planned , to take part in street demonstrations . Ghonim , who heads Google 's marketing operations in north Africa and the Middle East , had been in Cairo on a business trip since January 23 . Ghonim is from Dubai , according to the human rights group . Family members became concerned when they discovered that Ghonim 's telephones had been disconnected , according to the human rights group . Eyewitnesses later told family members they had seen Egyptian authorities arrest Ghonim during demonstrations near Mustafa Mohamed Street .	Egyptian authorities to let Google executive go , executive says Wael Ghonim missing since January 28 Amnesty International protests holding of Dubai native
CNN  -- Please bear with me as I ask you to briefly use your imagination . Close your eyes . Imagine Machu Picchu at dawn cloaked in fog . Now imagine the fog slowly lifting to reveal an enormous ancient city perched on the edge of a mountain . Picture a sense of mystery being immersed in thousands of years of history as you walk between antiquated hewn stone structures . There is tranquility in the wind-blown stillness of the primeval site . You feel a renewed sense of kinship with the past and with your ancestors and feel a deep reverence for their lives and accomplishments . Now imagine the menacing sound of bulldozers closing in and men at work . Their heavy machinery rattles the ground . You hear workers rigging dynamite to these massive stone structures . There is a brief lull and then the deafening blow of multiple explosions as Machu Picchu is razed to the ground . Be at ease , Machu Piccu is a UNESCO protected site . But a very similar 2,600-year-old Buddhist site in Logar province , Afghanistan is n't so lucky . This site is called Mes Aynak and is nothing short of awe-inspiring : a massive walled-in Buddhist city featuring massive temples , monasteries , and thousands of Buddhist statues that managed to survive looters and the Taliban . Holding a key position on the Silk Road , Mes Aynak was also an international hub for traders and pilgrims from all over Asia . Hundreds of fragile manuscripts detailing daily life at the site are still yet to be excavated . Beneath the Buddhist dwellings is an even older yet-unearthed Bronze age site indicated by several recent archaeological findings . Mes Aynak is set for destruction at the end of December 2012 . All of the temples , monasteries , statues as well as the Bronze age material will all be destroyed by a Chinese government-owned company called China Metallurgical Group Corporation  MCC  . Six villages and the mountain range will also be destroyed to create a massive open-pit style copper mine . In 2007 , MCC outbid competitors with a $ 3 billion bid to lease the area for 30 years . MCC plans to extract over $ 100 billion worth of copper located directly beneath the Buddhist site . Ironically , the Buddhists were also mining for copper albeit in a more primitive fashion . MCC says they were n't told about the archaeology site 's existence until after the contract was signed . Following significant international pressure and perhaps sensing an impending PR nightmare , MCC in 2009 gave archaeologists three years to attempt to excavate the site . Archaeologists say they need at least 30 years to do the job but had no choice but to accept MCCs brief timetable . Specialists on site are working with extremely limited funding and the crudest of tools . Afghan archaeologists , who do the majority of the excavation , do n't have access to computers or digital cameras and have been sleeping on the floor in a wooden shack when staying on the site overnight . Today , three teams of international archaeologists led by DAFA , a French archaeological delegation , scramble to save as many relics as they can . These experts are performing rushed rescue archeology , which focuses on removing movable objects and not on preserving structures . Archaeologists now have less than four months to do three decades worth of excavation . They are also risking their lives daily as locals of Logar Province , angry at the loss of their villages partner with the Taliban to regularly attack both the MCC site and the archaeology location with rockets and land mines . In July , a Logar worker unearthed a landmine that exploded in his face . Later that month , four Afghan policemen were killed by a landmine on the road leading to the archaeology site . I am often asked , "  Why save it ? It is , after all , just another remnant of the past , right ? " Wrong . Mes Aynak is the missing link that shows Afghanistan 's interconnectivity throughout Asia on the Silk Road . Afghanistan needs to see the value of learning its own cultural history as too often the country 's story is co-opted by the lens of another . Afghans need to claim their cultural significance in the world for current and new generations . And the findings at Mes Aynak will be the key to doing that . In addition to Mes Aynak 's historical significance , the site is breathtaking to behold in person . I ca n't help but feel privileged and honored to have been able to set foot inside its ancient walls , to have been able to bare witness to massive Buddhas , many of which are still coated in gold paint overlooking their ancient city . These statues have miraculously survived looting , survived the intense heat and cold , and survived over three decades of continuous war . There is a magic to Mes Aynak -- an ability to draw in people from around the world who will risk their lives to save it . I fell in love with this ancient site and will do everything in my power to try to help save it . It sickens me to know that in a short time this site will be destroyed in the same violent and disrespectful way the Buddha of Bamyan was destroyed . This desecration shows no reverence to culture or religion . Imagine someone bulldozing your grandparents ' graves and blowing up their cemetery . How could the world look away letting such crime happen in the name of capitalism ? Unfortunately , Mes Aynak has gained some powerful enemies . MCC , The World Bank and Afghan ministries all want mining to start ASAP . In my opinion , they want Mes Aynak to set a precedent -- to be a model for resource extraction of the one trillion dollars plus of valuable minerals like oil , copper , lithium and iron buried underneath Afghanistan . According to archaeologists that I spoke with , every mining location holds cultural heritage . On every potential mine lies an ancient site like Mes Aynak . So , even worse than the senseless destruction of Mes Aynak , is the thought that this kind of cheap destructive process will be replicated all across Afghanistan . I often hear talk about mineral extraction being somehow good for Afghanistan , but I promise you this is not the case . Given the country 's out of control corruption there are a privileged few who will see any payout from such endeavors . Afghan citizens have absolutely nothing to gain from this copper mine or any other international extractive industry . I believe Chinese will bring in their own laborers to manage the mine and Afghans will be given only low level and terribly paid positions working in slave-like conditions . And I have said nothing about the environmental devastation . Many mining experts have told me the toxic pollution from the mine will likely turn Mes Aynak into a site so toxic that in the future people will be advised against even setting foot on the ground . They tell me this pollution will be permanent , rivers will be polluted and the toxins will travel to other areas -- and the locals have never been educated about these risks to the area . So not only will Afghanistan lose an ancient site , a key to unlocking its important history , but the country will lose the land and everything living on it . And what happens when Afghanistan needs copper or oil or iron for its own development ? Will they have to buy it back from China at inflated rates ? My fear is that in the future Afghanistan will consist of hundreds of these gaping toxic craters and the resources the country needs for its own development will be lost . Afghans will see no benefit . They will suffer from irreversible environmental devastation and the permanent loss of invaluable cultural heritage . So as a final request I want you to close your eyes once again . Imagine a city-sized toxic crater in the ground where the majestic Machu Picchu once stood . That sight , unfortunately , is the future of Mes Aynak unless we do something to stop it .	Huffman says the ancient site will be destroyed by plans to mine the area A Chinese company has permission to create a massive open-pit style copper mine Huffman : Mes Aynak is missing link showing Afghanistan 's historic role in Asia He says destroying Mes Aynak is equivalent to wiping Machu Picchu off the map
CNN  -- The gunman shot three people on the second floor of an Oregon mall , then ran . Shoppers hid behind racks as the man , wearing a vest and a mask , ran down a corridor and to a back hallway that led downstairs . By then , he likely heard the sirens as dozens of police vehicles converged on the Clackamas Town Center in Happy Valley . He then took his own life . As details of Tuesday 's mall shooting emerged , the question of motive remained unanswered . At a news conference on Wednesday , investigators identified Jacob Tyler Roberts , 22 , as the lone suspect in the shootings -- two of which proved fatal -- at the suburban Portland mall . Sheriff 's investigators said there was no apparent connection between Roberts and any of his victims . The fatalities were identified as Cindy Ann Yuille , 54 , and Steven Mathew Forsyth , 45 . Oregon mall shooting victims had ` zest for life ' The incident unfolded during the afternoon as the gunman moved quickly through the Macy 's at the mall and toward the food court on the second floor , where he opened fire , the sheriff 's office said . The arrival of police within a minute of receiving the first calls of the shooting may have influenced the gunman 's ultimate course of action , Sheriff Craig Roberts said . The gunman was wearing a load-bearing vest -- a military-style garment designed to carry heavy equipment , which some witnesses confused with a bulletproof vest -- and was carrying a semi-automatic rifle . At one point , the rifle jammed but started working again , the sheriff said . Kristina Shevchenko , 15 , was taken to the Oregon Health & Science University Hospital , where she was in serious , stable condition on Wednesday with a bullet wound to her chest , her surgeon told reporters . Shevchenko , who suffered a collapsed right lung and injuries to her liver , underwent an hourlong operation Tuesday night to remove bullet fragments and was in the hospital 's intensive care unit , Dr. Laszlo Kiraly said . He said he was optimistic that she would recover fully but added that she was in shock and at risk for complications , including infection . "  She 's a very brave young woman , " he said , adding that she was awake and talking to her family . Further surgeries will focus on closing her wounds "  and getting her to heal properly , " he said . "  I would anticipate that she would be with us for about a week or so . " Friends of the gunman said they were shocked when they heard who the shooter was . "  This is more than a tragic event , and my heart goes out to everyone affected by it , but I also feel as if the side of Jake that I remember needs to be shared , " said Erin Philpot , a friend of the shooter , in an e-mail to CNN . "  He was a very loved individual that always seemed as if he had great intentions and a heart of gold . I know that must be hard for people to see/think/understand , but It 's the truth . I do n't know what caused him to do such a horrendous , terrible thing , but I do hope that somehow answers will be available to us all . " Philpot , who attended middle school and high school with Roberts , said he had recently broken up with a girlfriend and was considering moving to Hawaii . "  I just had drinks with him in November , and he had just moved into a new place and was totally stoked about it , " she said . "  I ca n't believe he did this . " Jordan Salazar , who attended Milwaukie High School in the Portland area with Roberts , said in an e-mail , "  He was a really nice guy , and it 's completely shocking he did this . " She added , "  He was a popular guy in high school and had a lot of friends , " she said . "  I was pretty much in shock with all of this . " Oregon mall gunman : ' I have lived one crazy life so far ' Roberts attended Milwaukie High School for three years but did not graduate , said Joe Krumm , the director of community relations for North Clackamas County School District . "  Average talent , average grades , " Krumm said about Roberts , who was in a mainstream program and had no record of discipline issues or extracurricular activities . Roberts then transferred to another district and graduated in 2008 from Oregon City High School , the school said in a statement on its website that also talked about the killings . "  This news is very shocking to those who knew Jacob while at OCHS , " the statement said . "  He was known as a soft-spoken and polite young man who was often eager to be helpful . The motive for such a horrific act is likely to remain a mystery to us all . " The families of the victims who died -- Yuille and Forsyth -- provided brief comments through authorities but asked for privacy as they mourn . Yuille was remembered as "  everybody 's friend " who put others first . Forsyth had two children , a great sense of humor and a zest for life , his family said . During the shooting , mall patrons said they had no clue where the gunman would fire next . Entire swaths of Clackamas Town Center became silent except for the rifle blasts and screams . Even the mall 's Santa dropped to the ground . "  I thought I was going to die , " mall employee David Moran said . "  The gunshots were so loud , it was very scary . ... Kids were crying . Parents were crying , too . " Kira Rowland was holding her 6-month-old baby in Macy 's when the shots rang out . "  I threw my baby into the stroller and just started running , because everybody was screaming and everybody just started to run , " she said . Inside Clackamas Town Center The gunman wore a hockey mask and jogged through Macy 's wielding a rifle , a woman told CNN affiliate KOIN . As some panicked customers bolted for the exits , others ducked under store counters or hid behind clothing racks . "  I am the shooter , " he said as he ran through Macy 's , said witness and store employee Austin Patty . As the shooting started , Patty ran from the store , warning all in earshot that a shooter was loose and ordering them out of the store . The sheriff 's office said a rifle and a mask were recovered from the scene . Investigators were reviewing surveillance footage to get a better picture of what happened . Erin Quackenbush-Baker was with her grandmother and three children at a kiosk in the middle of the mall when she heard the shots . "  My 5-year-old was covering her ears and crying . I was frantic to find a place to run , and I looked back -- my son in my stroller and glass is falling over us , " she said . "  The shots were getting closer . " She added , "  I felt like sitting ducks where we were . " Timeline : Worst mass shootings in U.S. . During a brief halt in the gunfire , a man helped hustle the family members into a cosmetics store , where they hid for an hour "  waiting to see if we were going to be shot or not . " As word spread that the shooter was moving from store to store , customers at Sears burst into tears , Christina Fisher told KOIN . "  We were told to stand in a group by the top of the escalators and stay away from the windows out of the aisle . ... We stood there for probably a good 20 minutes , " she said . "  All of the sudden , somebody came through with a radio , yelling , ` Get down ! ' " As the mayhem unfolded , some customers watched television reports about the shooting from inside the Sears entertainment center , Tylor Pedersen told affiliate KGW . Antonio Charro spotted a wounded woman near a cell phone store and tried to help . "  She had apparently been shot in the chest , and I could n't get her turned over to help her , " said Charro , who had been shopping at the mall with his daughters . "  There was no one around . She was n't breathing . " Clackamas County Sheriff Craig Roberts said about 10,000 people were in the mall at the time . No law enforcement officers fired any shots when they arrived , sheriff 's Sgt. Adam Phillips said . The 1.4 million-square-foot mall remained closed Wednesday as investigators looked for clues about the attack . Rowland said she 's grateful she got distracted while shopping and did n't venture farther into the mall . "  I think if I had n't stopped to smell that perfume , that maybe me and my baby would n't be here today . " CNN 's Meridith Edwards , Catherine E. Shoichet , Cristy Lenz , Chandler Friedman , Michael Martinez , Tom Watkins and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Average talent , average grades , " says school spokesman Officials identify the shooter as Jacob Tyler Roberts , 22 A mall employee heard the suspect announce he was the gunman "  I ca n't believe he did this , " a friend of the shooter says
CNN  -- A goalkeeper for the German national soccer team apparently killed himself by stepping in front of a train , just months after he and his wife adopted a daughter , police said Wednesday . Robert Enke , 32 , was captain of the German top-division soccer club Hannover 96 and had played in eight games for his national team . He was widely expected to be the German team 's keeper in the 2010 World Cup . "  Preliminary police investigations indicate a suicide , " Hannover 96 spokesman Stefan Wittke said . Enke died about 6:25 p.m. Tuesday . His wife Teresa said he left a suicide note . She said her husband had been battling depression for six years but had kept his condition from the public . "  I tried to be there for him , said that football is not everything . There are many beautiful things in life . It is not hopeless , " she said . The Enkes ' daughter Lara died in 2006 from a heart condition at age 2 . The couple adopted a daughter , Leila , earlier this year . She is 18 months old . Enke feared that if his depression was made public , he might lose Leila , his widow said . "  We had Lara ; we have Leila . I always wanted to help him to get through it . He did n't want it to come out because of fear . He was scared of losing Leila , " she told reporters . The German national team had an exhibition game scheduled Saturday against Chile , but the team announced it was canceling the match . Theo Zwanziger , president of the German soccer federation , said players "  needed time to come to terms with the death of Enke . " Enke always said he wanted to play for the national team at the 2010 World Cup , the federation said . "  The leadership of the German national team never had any doubt that he was important for the team both as a goalkeeper and as a human being , " a statement said . Those who knew him were stunned by news of his death . "  We are in a state of shock , " team manager Oliver Bierhoff said in a statement . "  It is beyond words . " Martin Kind , chairman of Hannover 96 , said , "  It is a total catastrophe . I am finding it hard to understand . All I can say for sure is that it had nothing to do with football . " Fellow players said they believed Enke had been suffering depression , Kind said . Have you lost a loved one to suicide ? Share your memories with CNN iReport "  He was unstable , " he said , "  but he kept it under wraps . " Hundreds of fans and former teammates gathered to lay flowers , light candles and sign a book of condolences outside Hannover 96 's Niedersachsen Stadion . The team 's official Web site has been converted into a single-page memorial . Enke missed Germany 's last four matches because of a bacterial infection , but he had recently returned to action with Hannover . Soccer commentator and journalist Rafael Honigstein said Enke was on course to be picked as the No. 1 choice for the team . "  It 's been well documented that he had a tough time , " Honigstein said . "  People knew it was a terrible , terrible tragedy for him . "	Robert Enke , 32 , was expected to start for Germany in 2010 World Cup Enke 's wife says he suffered from depression for six years The Enkes lost their daughter Lara , 2 , to a heart condition in 2006 Germany cancels its exhibition game against Chile
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong 's bid for an eighth win in the Tour de France came to a sorry end on a dramatic eighth stage of the Tour de France won by Andy Schleck of Luxembourg . Australia 's Cadel Evans took over the race leader 's yellow jersey , leading Schleck by just 20 seconds , with defending champion Alberto Contador in third place , one minute and one second down . Armstrong , riding in his last Tour de France , crashed twice and also got held up as another rider took a tumble on a disastrous day for him and his Radioshack team . The 38-year-old American , sporting a bandage on his right arm , came in over 11 minute down on the leading group , crossing the line shortly after Sylvain Chavenel of France , who held the yellow jersey going into Sunday 's stage . "  My Tour is over , " Armstrong told AFP . "  But I will stay in the race . I will enjoy it , I 'll try and take some pleasure out of it , to support the team . I 'm not complaining . " Armstrong took his first tumble just after the start and the second , at high-speed , on the approach to the Col de la Ramaz . "  It 's already hard to come back , hard on the body , " he added . With Armstrong struggling , Contador 's Astana team set a ferocious pace on the final two climbs of the 189-km stage from Station des Rousses to Morzine-Avoriaz as they reeled in a breakaway group . But the Spaniard himself was distanced in the final kilometer by Schleck and compatriot Samuel Sanchez . Saxo Bank team leader Schleck outsprinted Sanchez to take his first win of the year and establish himself as a major challenger to Contador for the overall honors . "  This puts me in a great position , " he told Eurosport . World champion Evans and Contador finished in the nine-strong chasing group , 10 seconds behind , which contained most of the other leading contenders , but Britain 's Bradley Wiggins , fourth last year , lost one minute 45 seconds after cracking three kilometers from the finish . Schleck , second behind Contador last year , saw his brother Frank crash out on the cobbled third stage in Belgium , but helped by teammate Fabian Cancellara , boosted his challenge by finishing in the leading group that day . Armstrong also lost valuable time on the third stage as he punctured at a crucial moment , but he went into Sunday 's stage with hopes very much alive until the wheels came off in dramatic style . Teammate and compatriot Levi Leipheimer salvaged some pride for the Radioshack line-up by finishing eighth on the stage and their focus will now be on him for the remainder of the Tour .	Lance Armstrong 's hopes of an eighth Tour de France victory in tatters American star loses over 11 minutes to leaders on dramatic stage in the Alps Andy Schleck wins stage while Cadel Evans takes over yellow jersey Defending champion Alberto Contador moves up to third overall
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Like many young men , Josh Nahum loved a thrill . That 's why he took up skydiving . But on Labor Day weekend in 2006 , he had an accident while skydiving in Colorado , fracturing his femur and skull . Josh Nahum , right , died at 27 from a bacterial infection he got while being treated for skydiving injuries . Josh spent six weeks in the intensive care unit . Slowly , his condition improved , and his doctors predicted that with rehabilitation , he could fully recover in a year or two . But instead of recovering , Josh developed a bacterial infection . He died two weeks later at the age of 27 . "  One nurse , who was trying to be comforting , said , ` These things happen , ' " says Victoria Nahum , Josh 's stepmother . "  That 's true , but they happen way more often than they need to happen . " According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Josh is one of 99,000 people who die each year because of infections acquired in the hospital . As Betsy McCaughey , the former lieutenant governor of New York , put it , "  You do n't often come across such a big problem that you can prevent . " After being contacted by families like the Nahums , McCaughey started the Committee to Reduce Infection Deaths . After Josh died , the Nahums started the Safe Care Campaign . These groups , and others , have advice about what you can do to keep yourself safe in the doctor 's office and hospital , from the waiting room to the operating room . 1 . Bring your own toys At the pediatrician 's office , do n't let your child play with the toys or books in the waiting room . "  They 're covered with bacteria , " McCaughey says . Also , do n't let your child crawl on the floor ; bacteria there could get into cuts on their knees or hands . "  This is one place you ought to keep your child sitting still or on your lap , " she says . 2 . Heat up your car Yes , we know that sounds strange . But studies show staying warm before and during surgery can help you fight infection . So the Institute for Healthcare Improvement suggests that in cold weather , you heat up the car , wear warm clothes on the way to the hospital , ask the hospital staff to give you plenty of blankets while you wait for surgery , and ask how they plan to keep you warm during surgery . 3 . Want to touch me ? Wash your hands first . Many people feel uncomfortable asking this . Nahum suggests putting it like this : "  I did n't see you wash your hands . Do you mind doing it in front of me ? " Dr. Vicki Rackner , a patient advocate , also has a few ideas for lightening things up . "  In the hospital , you can have the grandkids make a sign that says , ` Please wash your hands and keep Grandma healthy . ' " Watch more on preventing hospital infections " Another suggestion : Put a dish of wrapped candy near the sink and say ` Could you please wash your hands , and oh , please take some candy with you when we 're done . ' " If the doctor or nurse has gloves on , are you safe ? "  Do n't be falsely assured by gloves , " McCaughey says . "  If they put on gloves without washing their hands first , those gloves are immediately contaminated . " 4 . Ask where that syringe has been Doctors offices sometimes reuse syringes -- it 's unusual , but it happens . In fact , there have been 14 documented outbreaks of hepatitis since 1999 because of reused syringes . The recent outbreak in Nevada , where 50,000 people will be notified that they might have been infected at a colonoscopy clinic , is one example . It 's not an easy question to ask , but when someone 's heading at you with a syringe , ask if this is the first time it 's been used . Dr. Thomas Frieden , commissioner of the New York City Department of Health , suggests phrasing it like this : "  I read in the paper that some doctors are reusing syringes . I ca n't imagine anyone would do that . Do you ? " 5 . Having surgery ? Speak up ! A week or so before surgery , ask your doctor whether you should wash your skin daily with a disinfectant such as chlorhexidine to prepare . Also , ask whether you should have a nasal or skin swab for MRSA , the superbug that causes many hospital infections . If you 've got it , you can be treated with antibiotics . The day of surgery , if the surgical site needs to be shaved , ask to be clippered , not shaved with a razor , which can create nicks where bacteria thrive . Also on the day of surgery , if your doctor has ordered IV antibiotics just before surgery , make sure you get them , as they 're sometimes forgotten . One last note : If you or a loved one has a urinary catheter in the hospital , be extra vigilant -- they can become breeding grounds for bacteria . First , ask if one is truly necessary . "  If the patient is awake and oriented and alert and can use a bedpan , it may not be needed , " says Dr. John Jernigan , a medical epidemiologist at the CDC . If you get one , make sure it comes out ASAP , since the longer it 's in , the riskier it becomes . Ask the same questions about central venous catheters ,  also called central lines  , another potential host for bacteria . "  My brother was in the hospital and needed a central venous catheter for his procedure , " Jernigan says . "  The day after surgery , I asked the nurse , ` Are you all still using this ? Do you still need it ? ' And she checked and came back and said , ` We do n't need it anymore , we 'll take it out . ' " Nahum says it all boils down to this : Passivity kills . "  People need to start participating instead of just being spectators when it comes to their medical care , " she says . "  You need to do your due diligence . " CNN Medical News associate producer Jennifer Pifer and associate archive coordinator Sarah Edwards contributed to this report .	CDC : 99,000 people die annually from hospital-acquired infections Do n't forget the basics : Make people wash their hands before touching you Staying warm before , during surgery can help fight infection ; ask for extra blankets Before surgery , if shaving is required , request clippers , not a razor , which can nick
Washington  CNN  -- Politics trumped progress on Friday as President Barack Obama and Republican leaders traded blame for $ 85 billion in forced spending cuts after they failed to come up with a compromise to avert the harshest impacts . The president signed an order required by law that set in motion the automatic , government-wide cuts . Obama and congressional leaders from both parties met for about 45 minutes at the White House , but no agreement emerged to avert the cuts that both sides oppose . After weeks of campaign-style events intended to inspire public outrage over the cuts , Obama sought to temper his description of their impact while making clear he thinks Republican intransigence prevented a deal to avoid the economic harm they 'll cause . "  We will get through this , " he told reporters . "  This is not going to be an apocalypse as some people have said . It 's just dumb and it 's going to hurt . " Full text of Obama order Still , a White House budget office report sent to Congress and released with Obama 's order said the cuts would be "  deeply destructive to national security , domestic investments , and core government functions . " The action was described in the report as "  a blunt and indiscriminate instrument " that was "  never intended to be implemented and does not represent a responsible way " for the country to realize deficit reduction . OMB report to Congress In a sign of the potential impact , the Department of Justice sent furlough notices to employees that warned they may be forced to take days off without pay in coming months . Similar furloughs , as well as reduced services , were expected at other agencies if the cuts do n't get replaced or eliminated . Military leaders have warned of impaired readiness of U.S. forces . Shame and blame : Why Washington needs couples therapy However , the full impact of the cuts were n't expected until April at the earliest . The cuts amount to roughly 9 % for a broad range of non-defense programs and 13 % for the Pentagon over the rest of the current fiscal year , which ends on September 30 . They were included in a 2011 deal to raise the federal borrowing limit as an unacceptable outcome if Congress failed to agree on a comprehensive deficit reduction plan . Obama 's press conference on spending cuts However , election-year politics stymied progress on such a deal , leading to the situation Friday in which both sides acknowledged being unable to prevent something neither wanted . "  There are smarter ways to cut spending , " said House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , after the meeting with Obama . Boehner repeated his past assertion that the GOP-led House has offered proposals to replace the forced spending cuts while the Democratic-led Senate has not , as well as his party 's opposition to any increased tax revenue to offset the forced spending cuts . Others who also took part in the White House gathering were Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi . In the White House briefing room , Obama told reporters that Republicans in Congress "  allowed these cuts to happen because they refuse to budge on closing a single wasteful  tax  loophole to help reduce the deficit . " "  As recently as yesterday , they decided to protect special interest tax breaks for the well off and the well connected and they think that that 's apparently more important than protecting our military or middle class families from the pain of these cuts , " Obama said . He was referring to a procedural vote on Thursday in which Senate Republicans blocked a Democratic proposal that called for eliminating some tax loopholes as part of a package with spending cuts . Boehner and Republicans say the president and Democrats have yet to propose a serious plan to reduce spending , including costly entitlement programs , on a scale necessary to bring chronic federal deficits and debt under control . Both Obama and Boehner foreshadowed the next major spending showdown - a March 27 deadline for Congress to authorize funding to keep the government running for the rest of the fiscal year . 4 myths about the spending cuts Boehner told reporters that the House will take up a measure next week to authorize federal funding beyond that deadline . "  The president and leaders agreed legislation should be enacted this month to prevent a government shutdown while we continue to work on a solution to replace the " forced spending cuts , said a statement by Boehner 's office . Although the funding measure is unconnected to the spending cuts , Obama indicated he was open to a broader agreement that would resolve both issues . "  I do know that there are Republicans in Congress who privately , at least , say that they would rather close tax loopholes then let these cuts go through , " said Obama in response to questions from reporters . " ... In the coming days and the coming weeks , I 'm going to keeping on reaching out to them -- both individually and as groups of senators or members of the House -- and say to them , ` Let 's fix this , not just for a month or two , but for years to come , ' because the greatest nation on Earth does not conduct its business in month-to-month increments or by careening from crisis to crisis , " Obama said . Spending cuts : When they 'll really bite CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama signs order that is required by law "  We will get through this , " President Obama says of the forced spending cuts Obama , congressional leaders fail to bridge gaps on cuts , letting them take effect Speaker Boehner says the House will take up a government funding measure
CNN  -- Tributes are pouring in from the entertainment world for Claude Nobs , the founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival , who has died aged 76 following a skiing accident . The death was announced on the official website of the jazz festival "  a few days after your accident in Caux-sur-Montreux , in your beloved mountains , overlooking the lake that you were so fond of . " Nobs , who had been in a coma since December 24 after a fall , died in hospital in Lausanne on Thursday , Swiss media reported . He co-founded the jazz festival in the small Swiss town in 1967 with then-president of Atlantic Records Nesuhi Erteguen . The festival was originally staged at the Montreux casino , but in 1971 a fire broke out while Frank Zappa was performing . Deep Purple immortalized the event the following year in their global hit "  Smoke on the Water . " The song referred to Nobs , who saved many people in the blaze , as "  Funky Claude . " Since then the Montreux Jazz Festival has attracted many music legends , including Miles Davis , Ray Charles , David Bowie and Prince . Following news of his death , several stars took to Twitter to pay tribute . American musician Nile Rodgers , co-founder of 1970s funk band Chic , wrote : "  Claude Nobs , CEO Montreux Jazz RIP - Proud to have been with you at your last Festival . Forever , Nile & CHIC . " Fellow funk legend George Clinton added : "  We are #thankfulfor friend Claude Nobs . Rest in Power . He made Montreux Jazz Festival festival amazing . #PFUNK ... " And Brian May , guitarist of rock band Queen , wrote on his Facebook page : "  We mourn the sudden and tragic loss of Claude Nobs , the father of the Montreux Jazz Festival , and a long-standing dear friend . We salute his unparalleled contribution to Blues , Jazz and Rock culture in Europe , and will miss him greatly . "  Our deepest sympathies to his family and those near and dear to Claude . " The official festival website also added its condolences : "  You always had a sparkle in your eyes whenever you dealt with people . For all of us , who were fortunate enough to cross your path , you will always remain the one who questioned certainties . Â "  And , why not ? Â " You would repeatedly ask the same question when we tried to explain why a project would not be feasible . Reality was never challenged only your wildest dreams . The Montreux Jazz Festival is the ultimate proof of that ! But not the only one ! "  Your audacity resonates in each one of us , a strong sense of generosity and sharing . Thank you for taking us where we never thought we could go . And in your typical spirit , you left by surprise as if to remind us once more , that in life as in music , each great performance could be the last one even if the show must go on . You hoped for an exit that reflected your life , you succeeded this as well . We carry , and will continue to carry on in your spirit everything you taught us . " People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Claude Nobs , the founder of the Montreux Jazz Festival , dies after skiing accident Nobs , who had been in a coma after a fall , died in hospital in Lausanne - Swiss media Nobs co-founded jazz festival in small Swiss town in 1967 Tributes pour in from Chic star Nile Rodgers , George Clinton and Queen guitarist Brian May
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It was the music of rebellion and youth . Artists traded witty improvisations onstage chronicling the pain and the promise of being black in America , inspiring inner-city and rural Southern audiences alike in nightclubs and on street corners . Atlanta-based Jaspects fuses rap with jazz in hopes of preserving both genres and appealing to young people . That music was jazz . Today , Jaspects , an Atlanta-based group of young musicians who were born in the hip-hop era , fuse rap and jazz melodies to introduce younger audiences to jazz and the broader ideas regarding African-American society . For Jaspects , whose music has appeared in the movie "  Hustle & Flow " and recently was featured in the CNN documentary series "  Black in America , " the lessons of jazz go beyond its artistic merits to questions about the ownership and control of black music in general . Veteran saxophonist Jimmy Heath , who has performed with nearly all the jazz greats of the last 50 years , says that the music called jazz today began as a voice of the repressed . "  The history of jazz comes with the history of African-American people . Because whenever they were permitted , they always sang and played their music when they were in their own quarters , and eventually I think , when instruments were available , they started to play music on those instruments , " Heath says . Jazz was born a raw and energetic rebuttal of what was musically acceptable at the time , and became the voice of a generation of African-American youth . Watch as Jaspect fuses hip-hop and jazz " Terrence Brown , pianist and musical director for Jaspects , says hip-hop shares the same roots . "  These people wanted to do more than just Bach and Beethoven . They did n't want to play history ; they wanted to make history , " Brown says . "  I guess when jazz -LSB- and -RSB- the Harlem Renaissance began to give birth people really felt the need to express themselves and that is similar to how hip-hop was created . " As jazz started to gain popularity outside of black America in the 1940s and gained an international following , many say the music became distanced from its cultural origins . In his exhaustive work on the African-American experience , "  Africana , " Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. writes that while black musicians were the principal innovators during this era , white musicians often reaped the fame and benefits and that "  the black musicians who found greatest favor with whites were those with a happy-go-lucky air and a ready grin . " With the exception of groups such as Jaspects , jazz today is considered by Brown and some others to be a "  museum piece " that aged instead of evolving . Brown says hip-hop is following a similar route , and he says a major reason is a lack of ownership of the music . "  Hopefully , there will come a time where a lot of African-Americans who do have money and do have the resources ... take over some of these corporations ... and not just have the No. 1 hit record on the charts , because that in itself will allow the community to give back to itself , " Brown says . Rapper Nas , whose real name is Nasir Jones , made a provocative declaration with the release of his 2006 album , "  Hip Hop Is Dead , " that the genre "  is dead because we no longer have the power . " At the same time , there has been a rise of prominent black music executives such as Sean "  P. Diddy " Combs , Jay-Z , Russell Simmons and Jermaine Dupri . Jay-Z and P. Diddy , who earned $ 34 million and $ 32 million , respectively , in 2007 , were named hip-hop 's cash kings by Forbes magazine . Dupri , owner of record label So So Def Records and producer of hits for recording artists TLC , Usher and Mariah Carey , disagrees that corporate ownership is affecting black music for the worse . "  They -LSB- corporations -RSB- have their input , but if you let the money guide you then , that 's how you let them control you , " says Dupri , who released his first book in 2007 , "  Young , Rich and Dangerous : The Making of a Music Mogul . " "  If you are driven by money , then the backers that are giving you the money tell you what to do . " Dupri says that there are not enough African Americans who are in control of the music business , and that education has a lot to do with it . "  That 's a lot of the problem . It 's always been something that lot of people can get in quick without really doing anything , without learning , but you have to learn everything about it , " Dupri says . Brown says he 's hopeful that the rise of black leadership in music will have a positive impact on the community . "  We need to get to a place where we own our own things as African-Americans and a place that the things we do generate money for our own communities , " Brown says . "  Not only that , but that we generate a sense of culture , style and substance for our community . " Jaspects and groups like them are hoping to change things a little . Using hip-hop , the music of rebellion and youth in 2008 , they are introducing jazz to a new generation -- to tell its story , preserve its artistry and learn its lessons .	Atlanta-based group Jaspects fuses rap , jazz to attract younger audiences Hip-hop , like jazz , is at risk of not evolving due to lack of ownership , some say Producer Jermaine Dupri says there are n't enough black execs in music business
CNN  -- Declaring himself frustrated with political fighting in Congress , President Barack Obama on Thursday blamed some of the nation 's continuing economic troubles on government inaction and urged Americans to tell their elected representatives in Washington to pass bills that will create jobs . In an energetic speech to workers at a Holland , Michigan , hybrid car battery plant helped by government stimulus funds , Obama said the U.S. economy and American workers are capable of being the best in the world , but were being held back by political stalemate in Congress . "  There is nothing wrong with our country . There is something wrong with our politics , " Obama declared to applause . Last week 's first-ever downgrade of the U.S. credit rating by Standard & Poor 's "  could have been entirely avoided if there had been a willingness to compromise in Congress , " the president said , adding : "  It did n't happen because we did n't have the capacity to pay our bills . It happened because Washington does n't have the capacity to come together and get things done . " "  You hear it my voice . I 'm frustrated , " Obama said , referring to what he called the "  worst kind of partisanship " and the "  worst kind of gridlock " in Congress . While Obama called on Democrats and Republicans to put the welfare of the country ahead of partisan gains , his comments appeared aimed at GOP opponents accused by Democrats of pursuing a narrow political agenda in the House and stalling progress in the Senate . Citing "  things we can do right now to accelerate job growth , " Obama complained that "  the only thing keeping us back is our politics . " He called for Congress to immediately approve measures that he said were "  ready to go , " such as a payroll tax cut extension , a road construction bill and free trade agreements with South Korea , Colombia and Panama . "  The only thing preventing these bills from being passed is the refusal of some in Congress to put country ahead of party , " Obama said . He called on people to tell their senators and Congress members to "  stop sending out press releases , start passing bills , " adding : "  They 've got to hear from you . " Obama also promised more proposals in coming weeks intended to stimulate job growth , but he acknowledged that Congress also has to address mounting federal budget deficits . The debt ceiling agreement passed by Congress last week and signed by Obama cuts government spending by more than $ 900 billion and creates a special congressional committee to work out another $ 1.5 trillion in deficit reduction steps . Despite the agreement , the subsequent S&P downgrade and global economic instability has caused wild fluctuations on Wall Street this week . Repeating his call for a comprehensive approach to deficit reduction , Obama said the country needs to continue investing in education , clean energy and other vital areas while also ensuring that entitlement benefits for senior citizens are protected . That means a balanced approach to deficit reduction in which wealthy corporations and individuals are paying their fair share toward a solution , he said to applause . "  Everybody 's got to chip in , " he said . "  That 's fair . You learn it in kindergarten . " It was Obama 's second visit to Holland , an emerging hub for hybrid car battery technology . Until recently , it was best known for sugar-white Lake Michigan beaches and its annual tulip festival . Obama toured a Johnson Controls-Saft plant that was built with a $ 299 million grant from his administration 's 2009 economic stimulus program and now expects to employ 500 people when fully operational . Before the speech , Obama got some good news when the Labor Department reported the number of first-time filers for unemployment benefits fell last week , dipping below 400,000 for the first time in four months . The figure of 395,000 beat economists ' forecasts of 409,000 , according to consensus estimates from Briefing.com . "  It 's a good sign , " said Brett Ryan , U.S. economist with Deutsche Bank . "  The trend in claims is going to be one of the most important things we watch over the next few weeks or so , to gauge whether we 're entering another recession . " However , the unemployment rate remains above 9 % , and Obama 's visit to Holland was intended to highlight his job-creation policies . Both Johnson and Korea 's LG Chem have built battery plants in Holland . LG Chem received $ 150 million from the American Reinvestment and Recovery Act , and Obama appeared at the groundbreaking of its 200-worker plant in 2010 . LG employee Shane Vander Jagt told CNN that the plant 's future was "  very bright . " "  This technology is not a fad , " said the 34-year-old Vander Jagt , who said he has been laid off "  more than once " in the past few years . "  It 's only going to grow . " Holland , a city of 34,000 located 30 miles southeast of Grand Rapids , had an unemployment rate of 13.2 % in July 2009 . It 's currently 9 % . Even without stimulus funds as an enticement , the area has been drawing other players in the industry . Switzerland-based fortu PowerCell is building an advanced battery plant in Muskegon , 30 miles north of Holland -- a decision company spokeswoman Deb Muchmore called "  good common sense . " Michigan "  is the automotive capital of the world , " Muchmore said . "  Its work force is manufacturing-savvy  and has  tremendous expertise with all things mobility . " Muskegon 's unemployment rate peaked at 15.7 % in July 2009 , and it was hit again by the 2010 closure of a paper mill that added hundreds more to the unemployment rolls . By June 2011 , that figure had fallen to 10.8 % . CNNMoney 's Annalyn Censky contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says he is frustrated with Congress NEW : Obama urges people to tell Congress to get to work Unemployment benefit claims are down to a four-month low Obama visits an advanced battery plant helped by stimulus funds .
CNN  -- The Tunisian presidency announced on Sunday it would extend the country 's state of emergency through June , the official Tunisian news agency TAP reported . This is the second time the North African country 's presidency extended the state of emergency this year . Protests in Tunisia against rising unemployment rates , poverty levels , inflation and government repression in late 2010 and early 2011 were the beginning of and inspiration for the Arab Spring . The Arab Spring is the popular name used to describe the wave of protests across the Arabic-speaking world in recent years against autocratic regimes . Demonstrations led to the ouster of the country 's leader , Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali in early 2011 . There have been longstanding political tensions since . In October 2012 , the once-banned moderate Islamist party Ennahda won Tunisia 's elections . The winning party formed Tunisia 's Islamist-led government .	Tunisia was the inspiration for the Arab Spring There 've been longstanding tensions since Ben Ali 's ouster The state of emergency extends through June
Greenville , South Carolina  CNN  -- Lauren Zanardelli and Graham Foster are the kind of customers the government needs to make Obamacare work . The chefs own and operate a bright orange hipster magnet called the Neue Southern Food Truck . The farm-to-table vehicle stands out in Greenville , South Carolina , even among the new gastropubs that dot the city 's charming Main Street . Today Zanardelli and Foster are zooming around their rented kitchen on the edge of town , preparing deep-fried Brussels sprouts , Ramen with seaweed and pumpkin sweet rolls . They wo n't have time after their 12-hour work day to explore the new health insurance marketplaces that opened this morning , but they look forward to seeing what Obamacare can offer them . And that 's good news for health care insurance companies . Young and fit people like Zanardelli , 31 , and Foster , 28 , have to buy into the system to support the law 's mandate that all people must have health insurance next year . Under Obamacare , companies can no longer deny policies to people with pre-existing conditions , and some 48 million Americans are uninsured , according to the latest U.S. Census Bureau figures . What insurance companies will save on medical costs for the healthier population will help pay for the older , sicker people who are entering into the insurance market for the first time . But because they 're young -- and do n't foresee getting sick any time soon -- some Millennials may decide to skip insurance and risk paying a fine . Zanardelli and Foster have health insurance now , but it 's pricey and "  it covers nothing , " Zanardelli said . She has n't been to the doctor in years and shells out about $ 200 a month . Her policy does n't cover prescriptions either . "  If it 's not generic , I ca n't afford it . " She says her family warned her about this when she left her teaching job in Charlotte to follow her passion for cooking . "  One of the first things my parents said was that I was really going to miss that good health insurance , and they were right . I 'm healthy , but I really do , " Zaradelli said . "  Ultimately , though , it 's worth it . ... This does n't feel like work to me . I love what I do . New insurance will make this even better . " The owners of Neue Southern met in 2011 when they enrolled in the culinary arts program at Johnson and Wales University in Charlotte . The two chose to move to South Carolina after working under well-known chefs in New York . The foodie fast lane , they decided , was n't for them . When they scanned the country for opportunities , the food trucks in their East Village neighborhood inspired them . Why not bring a slice of the East Village to Greenville , where Foster got his first taste of cooking in the kitchen of his German-born grandmother ? They were true foodie pioneers . Zanardelli says the people of Greenville welcomed their European take on old Southern favorites , but when it comes to health insurance they may have been better off somewhere else . South Carolina ranks near the bottom in the nation when it comes to access to care and health outcomes , according to the latest edition of America 's Health Rankings . While Obamacare is federal legislation , the Supreme Court ruled that states could decide how they would handle the implementation . Leaders in South Carolina have been downright antagonistic to the legislation . "  Just because the Supreme Court says something is constitutional does n't make it constitutional , " one South Carolina state senator , who introduced an anti-Obamacare bill this year , told the Spartanburg Herald-Journal . The senator 's bill failed , as did others -- one of which would actually have made it a crime for a state or federal official to implement any provision of Obamacare -- but the state did successfully refuse to expand Medicaid . It has not set up its own health care marketplace . Obamacare exchanges 101 : What you need to know "  We do n't talk politics around here because there goes half our client base , either way , " Foster said while mixing the base for the Ramen . "  But politics aside ... we need something better than what we have . " For the more than 726,000 people in South Carolina without insurance there are parts of the federal legislation that will help them . Many will be able to buy policies through the federal health insurance marketplaces . And many , such as the chefs of Neue Southern , will be eligible for tax breaks and subsidies to help them pay for any policies bought through these marketplaces . The policies themselves will also be much more comprehensive . All health insurance plans will now have to cover preventative health care and at least nine other kinds of care , including hospitalization , outpatient care , emergency services , mental health and substance abuse care , maternity and newborn care , prescription drugs , lab tests , rehab , and pediatric care . Premiums will vary depending on the depth of coverage . Out-of-pocket costs for an individual are capped at $ 6,350 . Infographic : Obamacare insurance rates When Zanardelli and Foster do get a break from work they say they will shop around and figure out which policy best fits their needs . Health care coverage could come in handy right now for Foster . He struggled with a double ear infection for weeks . A doctor at the local urgent care center told him ear drops would cost him $ 130 ; he paid to avoid permanent damage to his ears . Now he has a sinus infection . Unfortunately , even if he were to buy insurance through the exchanges today , the policies wo n't kick in until January . Not having insurance , they say , is not an option -- even if the fine would be a lot cheaper than the least expensive policy option . "  I think of this as an investment in our future health care , " Zanardelli said . "  Most of the younger people we hear object to Obamacare are looking at the present and how it affects them now . We are relatively healthy , but in a few decades we will likely need medical attention . " "  We feel optimistic it will be something that can work better for us health wise and be affordable , " she continued . "  That would be a beautiful thing . "	Insurance companies will save money on young to help pay for older , sicker population Under Obamacare , companies can no longer deny people with pre-existing conditions South Carolina ranks near the bottom in the nation when it comes to access to care State has refused to expand Medicaid and has not set up its own health care marketplace
CNN  -- Perhaps the biggest splash in the early going of this year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles was made by Microsoft with its unveiling of Xbox SmartGlass . And while there 's a video-gaming aspect to it , the feature promises a lot more  which , to be honest , is the sort of thing that plays bigger in the rest of the world than it does at E3 , where the crowd is heavily made up of hard-core gamers who were probably more excited about the preview of "  Halo 4 "  . Less than a day after SmartGlass was introduced , details are still emerging about how it will work . But what 's clear is that the application , which will work hand in hand with the upcoming Windows 8 operating system , is Microsoft 's play to make the Xbox 360 an indispensable tool for all kinds of entertainment . First of all ... SmartGlass is not a kind of glass . Maybe it 's the buzz about the Gorilla Glass featured on the new Samsung Galaxy S III smartphone . Or the fact that touchscreens are a key part of the feature . Or -- you know -- the fact that they called it SmartGlass . But some folks have been confused on that score . The feature is actually an app . It will work with the Windows 8 operating system , which runs on both PCs and mobile devices , to link up tablets and smartphones with the Xbox console and , by extension , a user 's TV . So I need a Windows phone or tablet ? No , you do n't . Obviously , Microsoft would prefer you buy something such as the Nokia Lumia 900 or one of the many tablets expected to be released once a final version of Windows 8 is up and running later this year . But SmartGlass will also work with Apple devices , such as the iPhone and iPad , or mobile devices running Google 's Android operating system . As long as you have an Xbox 360 and either a PC running Windows 8 , mobile devices running Windows 8 or an iOS or Android device , you 're good to go . How is this different ? There are other products that do similar things -- from Apple 's AirPlay , which streams content from an iPhone or iPad to your TV , to apps such as HBO Go that provide bonus content to enhance TV shows and movies . But , at least as Microsoft describes it , SmartGlass will pull lots of those features together into one app as well as take them further . Yes , you can start watching a show on your tablet or phone , then send it to your TV or vice versa . But they say the app also will recognize TV shows or movies you were watching through an Xbox device and automatically serve up that content without you having to look for it . During a demo at Microsoft 's media event Monday , as the speaker watched a scene from HBO 's "  Game of Thrones , " a map of the show 's expansive world popped up . Then , there 's the gaming aspect . Much as Nintendo 's promised Wii U incorporates a handheld device with gameplay on a traditional console , players will be able to enhance gameplay on their mobile devices as well . During the demo , a tablet was used to call a football play in "  Madden ' 12 . " Add to that the voice and motion-control abilities already available with the Xbox Kinect system , and you can see Microsoft 's vision for making the console a centerpiece for all electronic entertainment . If the Xbox is the brains , SmartGlass "  gives users the limbs needed for a full functional , self-sufficient media beast , " Gizmodo wrote . When ? And how much ? The app is free . So , as long as you have the right hardware , there presumably will be no extra cost . Microsoft says SmartGlass will be available this fall , which is about the same time a final version of Windows 8 has been promised .	Xbox SmartGlass aims to make the console a key entertainment component App will tie TV and console with tablets and smartphones It uses Windows 8 , but Apple and Android mobile devices also will work SmartGlass app will be free and available this fall
Michael Bay publicly blew off the critics who excoriated Transformers : Age of Extinction , and he 's laughing all the way to the bank . Not only did the fourth film in the franchise win the domestic box-office for the second week in a row , but it has already surpassed Avatar to become the biggest box-office hit in Chinese history . After only 10 days in Chinese theaters , Age of Extinction has grossed more than $ 221 million -- $ 46 million more than it has made in the U.S. -- and it likely passed James Cameron 's 2009 3-D adventure on Monday . EW : Critical Mass - Come for the Transformers , stay for the critics ' zingers The phenomenal success in China is no accident . Paramount and Bay paid special attention to the second-biggest and rapidly growing movie market after their last film , Dark of the Moon , grossed $ 165 million there .  In total , Dark of the Moon earned 69 percent of its total $ 1.1 billion haul abroad . Giant Transformers exhibit opens in Macau To gain greater access to Chinese theaters for Extinction , Paramount partnered with a China production company , cast Chinese actors Li Bingbing and Han Geng , shot scenes in China and Hong Kong -- where the film premiered -- and even sponsored a TV reality-show competition that awarded four small roles . The courtship paid off , with Transformers winning a prime release date in the Chinese marketplace , with few other big American movies opening against it or soon after it . EW : ` Transformers 4 ' sets up reality TV competition to cast extras and curry favor in China According to the Los Angeles Times , the red-hot Chinese box office is up another 22 percent this year and is on pace to eclipse the U.S. market by 2018 . In many of the dismal reviews of the film , critics sniffed at the moment where the action shifts to Mark Wahlberg 's struggling inventor and the screen reads , "  Texas , USA . " As if there 's another Texas . But Michael Bay did n't put that detail there for geographically-challenged Americans ; it 's there for the foreign audience he really made this movie for . See the original story at EW.com .	The film became the biggest box-office hit in Chinese history "  Age of Extinction " has grossed more than $ 221 million Chinese box office is up another 22 percent
CNN  -- Swedish prosecutors Tuesday asked a judge to extend the detention of four terror suspects , telling the court they were "  planning to commit murder , " according to legal documents obtained by CNN . Three men of Somali origin and one man born in Iraq were seized Saturday in a raid led by a SWAT team and backed by local police in Gothenburg , Sweden , the country 's Security Service said . A court named them Monday as Kulan Mohamud Abel , Mahamud Abdi Aziz , Mahmood Salar Sami and Mohamud Abdi Weli , and tax authorities confirmed their nationalities . All are between the ages of 23 and 26 . Prosecutors had until Tuesday to release them or ask the court to extend their detention . The four face allegations of plotting an attack this month in Gothenburg , Sweden 's second-largest city . The legal papers filed by the prosecutor Tuesday do not accuse them of terrorism , only plotting murder . But Karin Rosander , a spokeswoman for the Swedish prosecution authority , said that should not be interpreted to mean they are no longer suspected of planning terror . Prosecutor Agnetha Hilding Qvarnstrom said the men might try to go ahead with the attack or hinder the investigation if they are released . They were arrested Saturday night on "  probable cause " of plotting attacks , the highest level of suspicion in the Swedish legal system . They are expected to appear before a judge in Gothenburg on Wednesday , the court told CNN . Judges usually decide such cases on the spot . They have not yet been formally charged . Lawyer Eva Henriksson , who represents Weli , said he denies the allegations . "  He says he has no idea what these accusations are about and that he has no explanation to why he would have been arrested , " she said , adding that she had gotten "  only very basic and sparse information about what he is accused of . " She criticized the police for taking so long to inform her and her client about the details of the accusations . Weli , who was born in Somalia and became a Swedish citizen in 2000 , got a suspended sentence and fine in 2009 for assault , court records show . Lawyers for the other three did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Sami , who was born in Iraq and is now a Swedish citizen , has a long criminal record , court documents show . He has been charged with multiple counts of theft , assault and making threats , among other crimes , and has served several years in prison . Aziz , who was born in Somalia and has lived in Sweden since 1999 , but is not a citizen , has been fine for minor driving offenses . Abel , a Swedish citizen who was also born in Somalia , has no known criminal record . Sweden 's Security Service refused to say whether the suspects had been under surveillance or if the arrests resulted from a tip-off , saying the details of the ongoing investigation could not be discussed . "  Through these arrests , we have been able to prevent a situation from occurring , " Malena Rembe , head analyst at the Swedish Security Service , told CNN affiliate TV4 Sunday . Swedish media have reported that the four are suspected of having links to the Somali Islamist group al-Shabaab , but prosecutors and police refused to confirm that to CNN . The Swedish Security Service did warn last year that several Swedes have gone to Somalia for terrorist training . Sweden is not raising its terror threat level , which is currently at 3 , with 5 as the highest . There is "  no reason for the public to be alarmed . ... These arrests have not changed this threat level , " Kvarnstrom said . An art gallery in central Gothenburg was evacuated shortly before midnight local time , police said , but they declined to say whether it was connected to the arrests . A party was going on at the Roda Sten gallery at the time , with about 500 people attending the inauguration of an arts festival , according to an interview with a witness in Goteborgs Posten , a local newspaper . Stockholm was hit by a suicide bombing in December . The attack on the capital , Sweden 's first suicide bombing , wounded two people in a district full of Christmas shoppers . Police arrested two people in Gothenburg on suspicion of plotting a bombing in October . They were later released without charge , police said .	NEW : A lawyer for one of the men says he denies the charges The prosecution asks a judge to extend the detention of four men seized Saturday Three are from Somalia and one is from Iraq They are accused of plotting an attack in Sweden 's second largest city
CNN  -- A good soldier never publicly contradicts the commander in chief , at least not intentionally , and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is a good soldier . A Vietnam War veteran , Hagel provided a robust defense of President Barack Obama 's approach to ISIS jihadists in Iraq and Syria when interviewed Wednesday by CNN National Security Correspondent Jim Sciutto . With Obama facing criticism over what even a fellow Democrat called too much caution , Hagel sought to make clear that the President wants to eliminate any ISIS threat to the United States and its interests -- both abroad and at home . ` Degrade and destroy ' "  We 're providing the President with those options to degrade and destroy " the ability of the group that calls itself the Islamic State to attack Americans anywhere in the world , he said . When Sciutto pressed for clarity on Obama 's statement earlier Wednesday , asking if the President meant containment , Hagel sough to clarify what his boss said . Asked whether Obama meant "  containment " when he said earlier Wednesday that the goal was to manage the ISIS threat , Hagel said , "  No , it 's not contain . " "  It 's exactly what the President said : Degrade and destroy . " Why it took Obama so long to address his no ISIS strategy comments And so it went for an hour of questions from Sciutto and some in the audience at the Naval War College in Newport , Rhode Island . Hagel repeatedly expressed agreement with Obama 's positions on Syria and Ukraine , where the international community has said Russian troops have crossed the border to help pro-Russian separatists fighting the Ukrainian military . Asked if Obama tipped his hand by rejecting a U.S. ground invasion against ISIS three years after bringing home combat forces from Iraq , Hagel said , "  We 're not going to go back into Iraq the same way we came out of Iraq a few years ago . " Biden 's warning to ISIS : ` We will follow them to the gates of hell ' Instead , he advocated Obama 's broad-based strategy that calls for a new and more inclusive Iraqi government , an international coalition supporting it and limited U.S. military action like the airstrikes launched last month at ISIS targets in the north . "  There 's no question in my mind " that the Obama administration approached the ISIS issue with a "  sense of urgency , " Hagel said , adding that possible airstrikes on the jihadists ' positions in Syria were among the options the Pentagon has presented to the President for further steps . What can the U.S. do against ISIS in Syria -- and could it work ? On the Ukraine conflict , Hagel sounded a similar theme . If Russian President Vladimir Putin continued to escalate the fighting there , he would face further consequences on top of U.S. and European Union sanctions imposed so far , but "  we 're not going to get into a military engagement , a war , over this with Russia , " Hagel said . ` Sick to your stomach ' The ISIS issue dominated the hour-long interview . Hagel said the videotaped beheadings of two American journalists by the Sunni jihadists "  makes you sick to your stomach , but it again reminds you of the brutality and barbarism that is afoot in some places in the world . " "  It wo n't just recede into the gray recesses of history until we stop it , " he said . At one point , Hagel misspoke about the number of Americans believed fighting with ISIS . "  As we have acknowledged publicly , we are aware of over 100 U.S. citizens who have U.S. passports who are fighting in the Middle East with ISIL forces , " he said , referring to the group by another acronym for the Sunni jihadists used by some U.S. officials . "  There may be more -- we do n't know . " The Pentagon later told Sciutto that Hagel 's figure referred to the total number of Americans believed fighting in Syria with various groups , not just ISIS . About a dozen Americans are thought to be with ISIS . When Americans leave for jihad CNN 's Shirley Henry contributed to this report .	Defense Secretary Hagel tells CNN 's Jim Sciutto that ISIS must be stopped "  It 's exactly what the President said , " Hagel says of ISIS strategy No ground invasion of Iraq or war with Russia over Ukraine , he insists President Obama has been criticized for not attacking ISIS in Syria
CNN  -- An Illinois woman died Monday after participating in New York City 's Nautica Triathlon on Sunday , the second athlete to do so . Amy Martich died at St. Luke 's Roosevelt Hospital Center in New York City -- a day after a man died after participating in the swim portion of the triathlon , according to hospital spokeswomen Elizabeth Dowling and Terry Cavanaugh . New York Police Department spokesman Lieutenant John Grimpel identified the deceased athletes as Martich , 40 , and Mike Kudryk , 64 . Bill Burke , director for the triathlon , told CNN he was "  deeply saddened " by the participants ' deaths . Martich , of Elmhurst , Illinois , was rescued halfway through the swim portion of the triathlon and transported to 79th Street 's Dock A , where she was treated by on-site emergency medical staff , Burke said . Kudryk was two-thirds of the way through the swim portion of the triathlon when a CNN employee , also competing , noticed a man floating on his back with his head beneath the water . "  It did n't look like he was breathing , his lips were blue , " remembered Jeff Kepnes , supervising producer for CNN Special Events . Shortly after , Kepnes says he struggled to help lift Kudryk 's body onto a rescue sled along with another rescuer . "  We tried to maneuver him , " Kepnes said . "  He was heavy , he was n't moving . We were being weighed down . " This is the third triathlon for Kepnes , who said the water was the choppiest he 's ever seen it on Sunday . "  I did notice that there were more people going into safety stroke . There were more conversations with rescue in the kayaks and Jet Skis , " Kepnes said . Kudryk was driven to one of four New York City Fire Department boats stationed in the river , where he was treated by paramedics on board before being taken to the emergency medical station on Dock A , Burke said . Both Martich and Kudryk were transferred to St. Luke 's Roosevelt Hospital Center just after 8 a.m. on Sunday , Burke said . Kudryk died shortly after arriving at the emergency room , Cavanaugh said . The Nautical New York City Triathlon is an Olympic distance race , consisting of a 1,500-meter swim , a 40-kilometer bike ride and a 10-kilometer run , according to the event 's website . Burke said the swim portion of the triathlon , which took place in the Hudson River Sunday , was staffed with "  32 lifeguards , 53 kayakers patrolling the water , three launch boats , two Jet Skis with sleds " and three NYPD boats equipped with divers and paramedics . Burke said he initially delayed the race by several minutes due to inclement weather . "  I was watching a line of thunderstorms come toward the course , I was waiting to see if it was going to materialize and if we would have a lightning problem , " he said . In addition , Burke said an accident on the Hudson Parkway , which caused a downhill portion of the bike path to be slicked by oil and gasoline , pushed the race 's starting time back by about 40 minutes . Burke said he got a phone call from NYPD that the bike path was cleared by 6:19 a.m. , and the race began by 6:30 a.m. Manhattan Borough president Scott Stringer sent a letter to Burke Monday requesting a "  top to bottom review of the safety protocol for the triathlon , " he told CNN . "  New Yorkers signed up for a triathlon -- not a game of Russian Roulette , " Stringer said in a press release Monday . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .	Woman had been rescued halfway through swim portion of race Man who died Sunday also rescued from water Manhattan Borough president asks for review of safety protocol
CNN  -- Outside my window , the wind is starting to die down , although it still comes through in gusts , sending branches and debris tumbling down the deserted street outside . The power 's been out since 4 a.m. Life has skidded to a slow crawl , with no data available on my smartphone and no Internet to tell me when the storm might subside . It 's just me inside my shelter , listening to the howl of the weather and racing to eat everything in the fridge before it spoils and has to be tossed into a garbage bag . Some people in New Orleans party before a storm starts or even after it begins . Young voices hollered and whooped down the street last night , kids running through the rain with bottles in their hands . In the meantime , I stood on the porch as the wind started to pick up . Waiting . Hurricane Isaac photos Luckily , I made sure to charge up all my laptops before the power went out . In the dark , I sit in front of a rectangular glowing screen , a reminder that my separation from technology is only temporary until someone comes and repairs the lines . Soon , I 'll be connected to the world again . For now , I send texts from time to time , just to make sure others are OK , to let them know I am thinking of them as we sit in the darkness listening to the world outside . Some might describe the feeling that comes with waiting for a hurricane to arrive as fear , anxiety or anger . To me , it 's not quite any of those things . It 's closer to surrender . Growing up , my grandmother told me stories of Hurricane Betsy that engraved themselves on my memory . In their home on Desire Street in the Ninth Ward , they stayed put when they heard that weather was coming , with none of the advanced ways to communicate about the threat of a storm that we have now . New Orleans : The food that got them through When Betsy hit in 1965 , my grandmother watched as the floodwaters gushed from the floor furnace in the hallway of their home , spilling across the living room floor . I listened , frozen in awe , as she described to me those first moments of panic , how everyone stood there and watched it , the long seconds before my mother screamed with fear . They made a mad scramble into the attic , listening to the wind batter the walls of the house as the water slowly rose up the stairs . When it drew too close , my uncle chopped a hole in the roof so they would n't drown . They used a bedsheet to tie themselves together so they would n't fall after they made their way out into the wind . Luckily , right before they climbed out of the hole , the rain stopped . I grew up not with a fear of hurricanes but rather a conviction that they had to be dealt with using a mix of careful planning and complete concession to the whims of nature . Those vivid images from my grandmother 's stories never left me . She was a figure of courage to me , a devoted survivor . A love letter to Louisiana When Hurricane Katrina destroyed the home where my mother and grandmother raised me , we were lucky enough not to be in it . They were evacuated to the Hotel Intercontinental in the French Quarter and were there for days without power . Later , my mother described to me how the entire building shook from side to side while the winds tore through the city . She smiles now when she tells the story , because she knows how close it was , how fortunate they were to be airlifted out in the end . I moved to Los Angeles not long after the storm , leaving New Orleans and my own flooded apartment behind me . The majority of what I owned was destroyed . Since I did n't have the capability to deal with what had happened , I chose to run in the other direction . But now I 've returned . My grandmother never sought help for her post-traumatic stress symptoms after Betsy . In a way , I could n't blame her . It was unspoken between us , but I knew there was something about that kind of grief that was both a secret and a treasure . Admitting it meant admitting how much life had hurt you . It was easier to carry it silently . As I watched Isaac draw up the mouth of the Mississippi River on the same August day that Katrina did seven years ago , I felt a sense of calm . I 'm calm still as I sit in the dark , looking at the frayed electrical wires dangling from the poles outside the window . That 's how a hurricane feels to me . It 's coming face to face with something of great power , and knowing it 's OK to be small and vulnerable in the face of it . From my parents ' experiences , I know you can fight these things . I also know you can choose to accept them absolutely rather than struggle . If Isaac had been a stronger storm , I would have left . After so many years of hurricanes , you start to develop the same feel for them that a farmer does when he licks a finger and sticks it in the air to find out which way the wind is blowing . Monday night , as I walked home , the breeze was gentle and lovely , like a missive sent in advance of Isaac 's arrival . I 'll be there soon , it said . But you 'll withstand me . Have you been through a natural disaster ? Share what helped you weather the storm in the comments section below .	Colette Bennett fled New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina destroyed her home Bennett returned and hunkered down as Hurricane Isaac passed through her hometown Her family has lived through several hurricanes and passed down the harrowing stories Surrender and preparation are the keys to weathering a hurricane , says Bennett
CNN  -- Love was present everywhere at the University of Virginia 's Klockner Stadium on Sunday -- in the stands , over the loudspeaker and on the field . "  One Team ; One Heart ; One Love , " read the warm-up T-shirts that members of the school 's women 's lacrosse team wore . Spectators waved a sign reading "  No. 1 Yeardley in our hearts . " At the end of the game , as the team celebrated its 14-12 victory over Towson University , the song "  Believe " by Cher played over the stadium sound system . Its lyrics : "  Do you believe in life after love ? " The tribute was in honor of slain teammate Yeardley Love , the 22-year-old senior found dead in her off-campus apartment on May 3 . A former boyfriend and member of the school 's men 's lacrosse team , George Huguely , has been charged with first-degree murder in her death . Sunday 's game in the first round of the NCAA championship tournament was the first the team had played since Love 's death , and the day was marked with remembrance . The Virginia team wore black patches on the front of their jerseys with one word : Love . The Towson team wore orange armbands stitched with her initials Y.L. Love 's mother and sister , Sharon and Lexie Love , were present in the stands to honor the game she loved . "  I think we 're exhausted , we 're drained and I think it 's never felt so good to win a game , " head coach Julie Myers told ESPNU after defeating Towson . "  Not only is it an NCAA game , but just to get this hurdle cleared over -- the kids did a great job . " After celebrating the win at midfield , the team surprised those in the stands by emerging from their huddle holding signs emblazoned with the number 1 . It was one last tribute to Love , who wore that number for her team .	Team wears shirts that say , "  One Team ; One Heart ; One Love , " for Yeardley Love Team wins 14-12 over Towson in first game since Love found dead in apartment May 3 Towson team wore orange armbands stitched with her initials , Y.L. Love 's former boyfriend , George Huguely , charged with first-degree murder in her death
New York  CNN  A New York Police Department detective apologized Friday for an angry exchange with an Uber driver that was caught on video and landed him on modified assignment . "  I apologize . I sincerely apologize , " Patrick Cherry told WNBC 's Jonathan Dienst . Cherry , an NYPD detective assigned to the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force with top-secret security clearance , faces suspension , reassignment or loss of his clearance after the video of the altercation went viral . "  I was just angry , at that moment , for that exchange . " Cherry said . "  If the conversation initially went differently , we probably would have shook hands at the end of that encounter . " The altercation began Monday when the Uber driver gestured to a detective in an unmarked car to use his blinker after he was allegedly attempting to park without using it , according to Sanjay Seth , a passenger in the car who uploaded the video to YouTube . The video picks up seconds after the detective began yelling at the driver and mocking his accent , and also shows the unmarked car with lights flashing pulled over behind the Uber car . In the video , the detective tells the driver he has committed "  three traffic and law violations " and then becomes irate and uses expletives toward the comparably calm driver . A visibly upset Police Commissioner William Bratton on Wednesday said the detective was placed on modified assignment pending an investigation . "  No good cop can watch that without a wince , " he told reporters . "  As all good cops know ... the officer made their jobs a little bit harder . That kind of anger like that is unacceptable in any encounter ; discourtesy like that and language like that is unacceptable . That officer 's behavior reflected poorly on everyone who wears our uniform . " Cherry also apologized to the police commissioner , saying "  he 's doing a lot of good work to strengthen community relations in the city and I set that back . I would work , personally work to fix that . " "  You ca n't judge three minutes of a tape involving me and me alone as indication that that 's the kind of practice of the New York City Police Department , " he added . Bratton , who said the detective was on duty at the time , issued an apology to the driver and passengers . Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters at an unrelated news conference that he had not seen the video . "  There 's just no place for any public servant to use discriminatory or negative language , " he said . "  Obviously , our police play a particularly sensitive role and need to show respect for all people . " In a statement , Michael Palladino , president of the Detectives ' Endowment Association , called the officer "  a person of good character and an excellent detective " who "  should not be judged by one isolated incident . " "  I am not trying to minimize the significance of what occurred , " Palladino said . "  I am simply pointing out that cops are just like everyone else . They have families , friends and other things going on in their lives , too , that may affect their behavior at times . There is no disputing that we are held to a higher standard , that is why this incident is so newsworthy . " In the video , after the detective steps back to his car , the Uber driver , who moved to America less than two years ago , turns to the passenger and thanks him for recording the video . "  That 's crazy . That 's really inappropriate , " the passenger tells the driver . "  Listen , it 's not your fault . He should n't be slamming your car door , throwing things around . He does n't have a right to open your door . " When the detective comes back , he is irate and does n't allow the driver to speak . "  I do n't care what you have to say , people are allowed to park their cars on the side of the street without your interference , " the detective tells the driver . "  I do n't know where you 're coming from , where you think it 's appropriate in doing that . That 's the way it works . " "  I 've got news for you , " the detective says , "  the only reason you 're not in handcuffs and going to jail and getting summons in the precinct is because I have things to do . That 's the only reason that 's not happening . Because this is n't important enough for me . You 're not important enough . Do n't ever do that again . " The NYPD said the Internal Affairs Bureau is investigating the incident . "  The behavior in the video is wrong and unacceptable and we appreciate the NYPD investigating the incident . We are in touch with our driver-partner who was subjected to this terrible experience and will continue to provide any support he needs , " Uber said Tuesday . Seth met Wednesday with an investigator from the Civilian Complaint Review Board , according to board spokeswoman Linda Sachs . The investigator is attempting to interview the driver as well as the police officer . The findings will be presented to the board , which will make an official determination on whether misconduct was committed , Sachs said . The board will either refer the decision to the NYPD with a disciplinary recommendation , or decide to bring up the officer on administrative charges , with the decision presented to the police commissioner . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Detective : "  I sincerely apologize " for berating Uber driver NYPD investigating encounter that was caught on tape by passenger Detective placed on modified assignment
CNN  -- Siri , Mars , Mac and Luna . I 'm not talking Apple products or planetary terms . These are baby names . And not just any baby names but ones that have jumped in popularity in 2012 , according to Baby Center.com 's just released list . Baby Siri ? Seriously , who would name their bundle of joy after a frustrating Apple product that hardly ever works ? And speaking of Apple  see daughter of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin ,  that name moved up a whopping 585 places on the list of names for girls born in 2012 . So there could conceivably be a family out there with a daughter named Apple and a son named Siri .  Hope that entitles the family to a discount on an iMac . There was a time when bizarre baby naming was something only celebrities did to their kids  as if being the child of a celebrity was n't challenging enough  . There 's Beyonce and Jay Z 's Blue Ivy , Penn Jillette 's son , Moxie Crimefighter , Bono 's daughter Memphis Eve , actor Jason Lee 's son Pilot Inspektor , and the list goes on and on . But now this "  condition " is apparently spreading to the rest of us . In addition to the offbeat names above , 2011 saw babies sporting such names as : Moo , Draper , Graceland and Tequila . There are even media reports that this past weekend some parents allegedly named their newborn daughter , Hashtag . That one may turn out to be an Internet hoax , but after last year 's story of a child in Egypt being named Facebook  in praise of the role Facebook played in the Egyptian revolution  , we ca n't be too far from babies named Retweet and Spam Blocker anyway . It truly is only a matter of time until you meet a kid named DVR or Playstation 3 . Apparently some parents believe that giving their child a jaw-dropping name will make him or her more distinctive . News flash : it 's not the name that makes your child stand out , it 's his or her achievements . While I do n't want to rain on creativity , let 's be honest -- these weird names are more about parents showing off their "  cleverness " than about finding a name that fits the child . It 's not like the parents got to know the child first for a few months and then said , "  You know this baby really is a little Siri . " And do these parents even consider that a baby 's name can cause consequences for the child that the parents never imagined , and in many areas of the child 's life ? When I reflect upon my own name , I realize that my life could have been far different if my parents had followed their initial instincts when naming me . My Palestinian father wanted to name me Saladin after the famous Muslim leader , while my Sicilian mother wanted to name me Dino . Instead they compromised on Dean . Growing up in North Jersey , Dean was not a common name . But it actually made me feel different in a good way being the only Dean in my class . And even today in looking at the list of baby names for 2012 , I was actually happy that Dean was not in the top 100 . Still , the truth is , if I 'd been named Dino , I would have certainly been viewed as more ethnic by teachers , potential employers and co-workers . I would have been required to continually overcome cultural stereotypes . And if I 'd been named the very Arabic Saladin Obeidallah , you could just imagine all the "  fun " I would have had in post-9 / 11 America . I would have likely volunteered for "  random " security checks at the airport to make it easier for all involved or simply got used to taking the bus cross country . But there 's a difference between a name that is n't overly common and naming your child after your favorite appliance . A name is a big part of a kid 's identity . It can trigger impressions about a child even before we meet him or her -- a particular problem among the closed-minded of the world , but this is the world your child will have to navigate . For example , studies have found that children with names that linguistically sound like they come from a lower socioeconomic status are less likely to be recommended by school officials for gifted classes and actually more likely to be labeled as learning disabled . Other research has revealed that boys with feminine sounding names -- such as Shannon or Ashley -- have had more disciplinary problems in school because of their response to teasing . Still other studies have found a link between how much people like their own names and their level of self-esteem . So , parents , keep in mind that your choice of name will have a lasting impact on your child -- both for good and bad . And if you insist on picking a bizarre name for the baby , then I propose that your child be empowered to rename you with any name he or she chooses . At least then it 's fair that a child named Hashtag has parents named Angry Birds and YouTube . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : A new list of popular 2012 baby names includes Siri , Mac , Luna He says it 's not just celebrities with offbeat baby-naming now ; it 's spreading to the rest of us He says studies show distinctive names can spur teasing and mistreatment Obeidallah : Parents , think twice on names ; it could have long-term effect on your child
HUNTINGDON VALLEY , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- The president of The Valley Swim Club on Friday strongly denied charges of racism after his club canceled the swimming privileges of a nearby day care center whose children are predominantly African-American . John Duesler said he underestimated the number of swimmers who would come to swim at the club . "  It was never our intention to offend anyone , " said John Duesler . "  This thing has been blown out of proportion . " Duesler said his club -- which he called "  very diverse " -- invited camps in the Philadelphia area to use his facility because of the number of pools in the region closed due to budget cuts this summer . He said he underestimated the amount of children who would participate , and the club 's capacity to take on the groups was not up to the task . "  It was a safety issue , " he said . The Creative Steps Day Care children -- who are in kindergarten through seventh grade -- went to The Valley Swim Club in Huntingdon Valley on June 29 after the center 's director , Alethea Wright , had contracted to use the club once a week . During their first visit , some children said they heard club members asking why African-American children were there . One youngster told a Philadelphia television station a woman there said she feared the children "  might do something " to her child . Watch Wright react to comments allegedly aimed at the children " Days later , the day care center 's $ 1,950 check was returned without explanation , Wright said . She was dismissive of Duesler 's comments Friday . "  He knows what happened at the pool that day , " Wright told CNN in a telephone interview . "  I was embarrassed and humiliated . " She called it an "  unfortunate situation , " adding , "  I know what happened ; the members know what happened and a higher power knows what happened . " Watch the club president say racism is not at play " After news reports of the incident , the office of Sen. Arlen Specter  D-Pennsylvania  said Specter sent a letter to the club president asking him to reinstate the contract with Creative Steps , saying , "  I think that you would agree that there is no place for racism in America today . " Duesler said he appreciates the senator 's concern , but the club 's board has yet to make a decision of how it will proceed . "  If we 're going to revise our policies here , we need to make it so for all the camps , " he said . "  I just do n't think we 're prepared for that . " Duesler earlier in the week told two Philadelphia television stations the children had changed "  the complexion " and "  atmosphere " of the club , a comment that protesters outside the facility Thursday said showed that racism was involved . Bernice Duesler , John Duesler 's wife , called the negative response her husband has faced since the incident "  unbearable . " "  He 's not one of the good guys -- he 's one of the great guys , " she said , holding back tears . "  He does n't deserve this . " She added , "  If there really was a racial issue that happened , my husband and I would be the first one -LSB- s -RSB- picketing . " Jim Flynn , who said he was one of the club members who made a complaint against the children , told CNN this week it was not racially motivated . "  There were a lot of children in the pool and not enough lifeguards , " he said . "  As general members we were not told that they were coming . If we knew , we could decide to not come when the pool was crowded or come anyway . We could have had an option . " He also said invitations to two other day care centers , neither of which contained minority children , had previously been withdrawn . Girard College , a private Philadelphia boarding school , told CNN on Thursday it would offer Creative Steps Day Care use of its facilities this summer .	Swim club president John Duesler : "  It was never our intention to offend anyone " "  He knows what happened at the pool that day , " day care director counters Duesler : Club is "  very diverse , " and had reached out because area pools had closed Duesler says club 's board has yet to decide whether to reinstate center 's contract
Tegucigalpa , Honduras  CNN  -- Thousands of black Hondurans paraded through the streets of the capital Friday as the country 's president pledged to do more to promote and protect their heritage . About 2,000 Hondurans of African and Caribbean descent -- known as the Garifuna -- came to Tegucigalpa from communities that dot the country 's coast for the start of African Heritage Month . They carried 214 drums with them as they marched through the streets -- demanding respect for their rights and honoring the Garifuna 's arrival in the Central American country 214 years ago . "  Today we have been here for 214 years making our firm demands , against government repression of the Garifuna communities , against the invasion of our communities ' land by landowners and large foreign projects that have sold our property and demanding intercultural , bilingual education , " said Dr. Luther Castillo , a Garifuna activist . As he kicked off festivities , President Porfirio Lobo announced that he would sign an agreement within six months to give indigenous people and Honduran blacks a preferential right to choose teachers and doctors from their own villages . Garifuna communities have requested such an allowance , which could bring bilingual education into classrooms that once only taught Spanish . "  This should be a reason for us to reflect in order to have a more cohesive society , without any kind of discrimination , with social justice and opportunities for all , " Lobo said . He predicted that he would be recognized as a defender of the rights of Afro-Hondurans by the end of his term . Government officials said Friday 's festivities marked the first time a Honduran president had inaugurated the month . The country 's post office also plans to issue stamps commemorating African Heritage Month . Honduras will host a "  World Summit of Afrodescendants " in August . Ana Pineda , the minister of justice , said the Honduran government is concerned about the rights of the Garifuna and other ethnic groups , pointing to the creation of a government ministry of indigenous and Afro-Honduran people as proof . But activists marching Friday said the government still must do more to recognize their rights . "  The simple act of being this color and speaking the language we speak , we are repressed in this country , " university student Keldy Bermudez said . "  So we as young Garifuna , we demand our rights to be respected for who we are . " In 2001 , the United Nations recognized the language , dance and culture of the Garifuna , who also live in other Central American countries . Journalist Elvin Sandoval contributed to this report .	NEW : Marchers carry drums and demand government respect for their rights NEW : "  We are repressed in this country , " one activist says President Porfirio Lobo kicks off the African Heritage Month festivities The country 's post office will also commemorate the month
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Hundreds of thousands of people packed a main square in the Cuban capital Sunday to witness a rare and ambitious concert that , despite its nonpolitical theme , drew criticism from some Cuban exiles in the United States . Colombian singer Juanes , creator of the "  Peace without Borders " concert , performs at Sunday 's event in Havana . Colombian singer Juanes -- a 17-time Latin Grammy winner -- brought 15 international artists to Havana for Sunday 's "  Peace without Borders " concert . All of the artists wore white as a symbol of peace . "  I ca n't believe what my eyes are seeing , " Juanes said on stage , describing the sea of people as a "  beautiful dream . " Sunday 's event was Juanes ' attempt to connect isolated Cubans with the rest of the region , including the United States . The decades-old U.S. embargo on Cuba is the most visible manifestation of the communist country 's political isolation . The crowd cheered when Juanes said , "  We are all brothers , and we all have to be connected . " But the reaction in Miami , Florida , home to both Juanes and a large Cuban exile community , has not been entirely peaceful . Juanes has received death threats over the concert via Twitter , he said , and his home in Miami is under police protection . Some Cuban exiles in Florida have called the concert a declaration of war , smashing his records in a public anti-Juanes demonstration . Juanes sang with Cuban performers barred from visiting the United States , like Silvio Rodriguez . But missing from this concert were Cuban-American performers like Gloria Estefan and Willy Chirino , fierce critics of the Cuban government . "  We asked the government and we asked Willy and we asked Gloria and we tried , " Juanes said . "  But at this time it 's not going to happen . It 's not in our hands . But we really tried . " Chirino said Juanes ' project will only benefit the Communist authorities . "  The revolution is going to win , " Chirino said , referring to the government established by Fidel Castro more than 50 years ago . "  An old system that 's dying already , you know , they 're going to give it oxygen . " Still , Chirino said , he respects Juanes ' motives . "  I think Juanes ' idea is brilliant and it 's full of love . Nobody is against an artist going to a country and bringing his or her work to the people , " he said . Concert officials said more than 1.1 million people attended Sunday 's event , though some other estimates were lower . What seemed certain was that this was the largest staged event at La Plaza de la Revolucion since Pope John Paul II said Mass here in front of an estimated 850,000 people in 1998 . The concert was the second "  Peace without Borders " show . A previous concert in Colombia aimed to ease tensions between that country and neighboring Venezuela . Juanes said the reaction to Sunday 's concert neither surprised nor deterred him . "  I mean , we knew that this was going to happen , " he said in a statement on his Web site . "  I have been living in Miami for seven years , and the first time I visited Miami was 10 or more years ago , so I know what happened in Miami with the Cuba issue and with all these things before -LSB- we decided -RSB- to go to Cuba to do this event . "  I deeply regret having caused , let 's say , this bad moment , " he said . He said he had spoken to Cuban exile leaders in Miami to explain his motives . Both countries helped him overcome obstacles typical to big , free events staged by foreigners in Cuba -- a lack of visas and expensive sound and stage equipment . He told the official Cuban youth newspaper Juventud Rebelde that he would like to stage the same concert with the same artists in Miami . Thirty-six Cuban dissidents gave their blessing , signing a petition in favor of the concert . "  We think Juanes ' initiative is good because it can help bring about national reconciliation and unity among Cubans , " Castro opponent Oscar Espinosa Chepe said . And Cubans seemed delighted by their first chance in decades to hear international top-caliber Latin stars . CNN 's Soledad O'Brien and Shasta Darlington contributed to this report .	Concert appears to be venue 's largest staged event since pope 's '98 visit Some Cuban exiles in U.S. criticized "  Peace Without Borders " concert Event was attempt by Colombian singer Juanes to connect Cuba , rest of region Despite Cuban dissidents ' opposition , 36 of them approved , signing a petition
Rolling Stone  -- The Morrissey fan site True to You has reported that the singer recently sustained hand and arm injuries after being attacked by a dog . No specific details of the attack have emerged , though it did happen somewhere in England . He was treated for the injury in Malmö , Sweden , where an x-ray revealed a fractured index finger on his right hand . Photos : Morrissey Despite the injury , Morrissey will roll on with his European tour , which will resume with a show tonight at the Operaen in Copenhagen , Denmark . Perhaps Danish fans will be treated to an oldie with reworked lyrics commenting on the dog attack -- "  Heaven Knows I 'm Rabid Now , " "  The Boy With the Dog in His Side , " "  Sheila Take A Bow Wow , " or something like that . Do n't count on it , though . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Morrissey sustained hand and arm injuries after being attacked by a dog An x-ray revealed a fractured index finger on his right hand Despite the injury , Morrissey will roll on with his European tour
Anat Hoffman had no idea who comedian Sarah Silverman was until Silverman 's sister and niece were detained with her Sunday in Jerusalem for wearing prayer shawls as they prayed at the Western Wall . Police detained 10 women for "  performing a religious act contrary to the local customs . " The group of women , who call themselves the Women of the Wall , went to pray in Jewish shawls known as tallitot that Israeli law says only Jewish men can wear there . "  There are lots of forbidden acts at the Western Wall : Do not spit on the wall , do not pee on the wall , no slaughtering of animals at the wall , and among those one can not perform a religious act contrary to local customs at the wall , which pretty much only applies to women because there are no local customs men are forbidden from taking part in , " Hoffman said . She heads the Women of the Wall group and was a city councilwoman for 14 years . Women of the Wall says it wants equal access for all Jewish practices and denominations at the holiest site for prayer in Judaism . About 100 women , including Hoffman and Susan Silverman , who is a Reform rabbi , went to the wall property to pray for Adar , the 12th month of the Jewish year , and 10 of them went down to the Western Wall itself . They were detained as they were leaving the premises after they prayed . "  There is a designated place where they can wear the shawl on the property of the Western Wall but not at the wall itself , " Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld told CNN . "  Ten of the 100 women with the group came and prayed at the Western Wall . They were detained and released after a couple of hours and given a warning they have to stay away from the wall for 15 days . We take our orders from a High Court decision . Until there is another decision or change , those are our clear orders . " In 2003 , Israel 's High Court said the women could pray and read from the Torah while wearing the shawls at a different location on the property near the wall , but it did allow them at the Western Wall itself , the organization 's attorney said . When Sarah Silverman heard what her sister and the other women were detained for , she was quick to respond with a tweet that said : "  So proud of my amazing sister and niece for their balls out civil disobedience . Ur the tits ! " Comedian Silverman 's representatives sent this response to the incident to CNN : "  I do n't care much for people who use religion as a cloak to justify hatred , injustice and fear . And I ca n't imagine God , should He or She or It exist , does either . I am so proud of my sister and niece for fighting for what they believe in -- by having the nerve to pray at a Wall of prayer while being female . " Women are allowed to pray at the Western Wall . The 10 women were detained Sunday for wearing the shawls . Women of the Wall members have gone to the wall wearing prayer shawls for 24 years . But the organizers said it was just in the past 22 months that police have detained or arrested them . For years , the women say , ushers who work at the wall , not police , were the ones who moved them away . Over the past 22 months , they said , one woman has been arrested and more than 40 detained . Hoffman said she was the one arrested . She said she was handcuffed at the hands and feet when she was taken to jail last year and spent 24 hours there . She refused to sign a police declaration that said she was guilty of breaking the law , and she did not agree to refrain from such actions again . "  It was 24 hours of hell , " she said . This time around , she and the other women were only held at the police station , not taken to jail . But this wo n't be the last time they try to do what they think they should be allowed to do at the Western Wall . Hoffman said that at first , she did n't know that a famous U.S. comedian 's sister was part of the group . "  I had no idea who Sarah Silverman was , but I do now . She is one funny woman . I had no idea they 'd let a woman talk like that in the U.S. " she said as she laughed .	10 women were detained for "  performing a religious act contrary to the local customs " The women were wearing shawls that only men are allowed to use at the wall Women of the Wall calls for equal wall access for all Jewish practices and denominations The group says that only in the past 22 months have police detained or arrested the women
EW.com  -- Though Fox 's diving show "  Stars in Danger " did a total belly flop in the ratings , that has n't swayed ABC from moving ahead with "  Splash , " the  new  name of its celebrity diving show that 'll premiere Tuesday , March 19 . Wonder who 's willing to wear a Speedo on a 10-meter high dive in front of  with any luck for ABC  millions and millions of people ? Stephen King essay : Case for gun control Here are the "  stars " who will be throwing those triple , nah-who-are-we kidding-I-mean single tucks into the pool , with the help of Greg Louganis : 1 . Louie Anderson , comedian . Yeah , I know . 2 . Drake Bell , star of Nick 's old "  Drake & Josh . " 3 . Chuy Bravo . If you are a Chelsea Handler fan , you 'll remember him as her personal assistant . 4 . Nicole Eggert . She 's continuing the "  Baywatch " tradition of diving in primetime  two ex-stars of the syndicated show , David Chokachi and Alexandra Paul , did the Fox show  . 5 . Keshia Knight Pulliam . She played Rudy on "  The Cosby Show . " ` Member her ? 6 . Ndamukong Suh . A gridiron , not reality , star . Member of the Detroit Lions . 7 . Katherine Webb . Former Miss Alabama as well as an on-camera personality . 8 . Kendra Wilkinson . First "  The Girls Next Door , " then "  Dancing with the Stars , " and now this ! Two more celebrity divers will be announced later . Hot damn ! See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	ABC 's "  Splash " will premiere on Tuesday , March 19 Keshia Knight Pulliam , Kendra Wilkinson and other stars will compete Fox 's diving show "  Stars in Danger " did a total belly flop in the ratings
CNN  -- All Americans who presented themselves at the United Nations camp in Bor , South Sudan , were evacuated safely Sunday amid deadly violence in the country , the State Department said . A State Department official said about 15 Americans were flown out . U.S. personnel are working to confirm that no other U.S. citizens remain in Bor in need of evacuation , a State Department official said . "  This morning , the United States -- in coordination with the United Nations and in consultation with the South Sudanese government -- safely evacuated American citizens from Bor , South Sudan , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . "  U.S. citizens and citizens from our partner nations were flown from Bor to Juba on U.N. and U.S. civilian helicopters . The United States and the United Nations , which has the lead for securing Bor airport in South Sudan , took steps to ensure fighting factions were aware these flights were a humanitarian mission . " "  The U.S. government is doing everything possible to ensure the safety and security of United States citizens in South Sudan . We are working with our allies around the world to connect with and evacuate U.S. citizens as quickly and safely as possible , " Psaki said . The United Nations moved noncritical staff out of South Sudan 's capital , Juba , across the border into Uganda on Sunday , as the violence spread inside the world 's newest country . U.N. civilian staff were moved from a compound in the flashpoint town of Bor to Juba on Saturday , the same day a U.S. mission to airlift Americans out was aborted when the aircraft came under fire . U.S. President Barack Obama said in a letter to congressional leaders Sunday that 46 U.S. service members took part in the mission , and he noted he "  may take further action to support the security of U.S. citizens , personnel and property , including our Embassy , in South Sudan . " Four U.S. troops were wounded in the attack in Bor and were expected to be moved to the U.S. military hospital at Landstuhl , Germany , a senior U.S. official told CNN earlier Sunday . One of the injured "  went through some pretty serious surgery " after being taken to Nairobi , Kenya , for wounds from the gunshots fired at the aircraft . All four have been able to speak to their families . Thousands displaced Hundreds of people have been killed in a week of fighting , which has spread from Juba to oil fields farther north . South Sudanese President Salva Kiir blamed soldiers loyal to his former vice president , Riek Machar , for starting the violence . Up to 40,000 civilians have taken refuge in United Nations bases in the country , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Sunday . "  There are many more thousands of people who are very much in fear and vulnerable , and at this time , the priority of the United Nations is to  protect  the lives of civilians , " Ban told a news conference in the Philippines . The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimates some 62,000 people have been displaced in total , with five of South Sudan 's ten states affected by the violence . The U.N. has said some 20 people were killed during an attack Thursday by about 2,000 armed youths on a U.N. peacekeeping base in Jonglei state . Two Indian peacekeepers were also killed . After the attack , the assailants fled with arms , ammunition and other supplies , the U.N. said . ` We will not be intimidated ' In a statement Sunday , the U.N. said it had made the decision to relocate noncritical staff from Juba to Entebbe , Uganda , as "  a precautionary measure to reduce pressures on its limited resources , " while still providing assistance and shelter to more than 20,000 civilians who have gathered at its compounds in the capital . The U.N. Mission in South Sudan is planning to reinforce its military presence in Bor and Pariang , the organization said . Plans are also under way to relocate all noncritical staff from the U.N. compound near Bentiu in Unity state , and reinforcements will also be sent in . "  We are not abandoning South Sudan . We are here to stay , and will carry on in our collective resolve to work with and for the people of South Sudan , " U.N. envoy Hilde F. Johnson said in the statement . "  To anyone who wants to threaten us , attack us or put obstacles in our way , our message remains loud and clear : we will not be intimidated . " Ban said the U.N. would "  transfer our assets from other peacekeeping missions , " such as the one in the Democratic Republic of Congo and other areas , to the troubled country . "  We also seeking support from other key countries who can provide the necessary assets , " he said . "  We are in shortage of capacity . When the United Nations compound was overrun by 2,000 armed elements , we were having difficulties . " Echoing calls from Western governments , Ban urged an end to the violence and called on Kiir and Machar "  to come to the table and find a political way out of this crisis . " "  They are responsible to the people of South Sudan to end the crisis and find the political means of addressing their differences , " he said . Ban said he had dispatched a special representative to Juba to work with the U.N. envoy in the city . Washington is also sending an envoy . Tensions have been high in South Sudan since July , when Kiir dismissed Machar and the rest of the Cabinet . The move inflamed tensions between Kiir 's Dinka community and Machar 's Nuer community . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 after a referendum , following decades of conflict . Numerous armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . CNN 's Anna Maja Rappard and Tom Watlkins contributed to this report	NEW : Obama warns further U.S. action is possible "  U.S. citizens and citizens from our partner nations " were flown out , official says U.N. says 62,000 people displaced by violence South Sudan violence has spread from capital Juba farther north in one week
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Atlanta rapper DeAndre Cortez Way , better known by his stage name Soulja Boy Tell 'Em or just Soulja Boy , was charged with obstruction after running from police despite an order to stop , a police spokesman said Friday . Rapper Soulja Boy was arrested in Georgia after allegedly running from police . The 19-year-old singer was among a large group that had gathered at a home in Stockbridge , 20 miles south of Atlanta , said Henry County , Georgia , police Capt. Jason Bolton . Way was arrested Wednesday night along with another man , Bolton said . Police said Way left jail Thursday after posting a $ 550 bond . Bolton said officers responded to a complaint about a group of youths milling around the house , which appeared to be abandoned . When police arrived , they saw about 40 people . Half of them ran away , including Way , Bolton said . The ones who remained told officers they were at the home to film a video . Way was arrested when he returned to the house to get his car , Bolton said . He said the house was dark inside and looked abandoned . "  He just ran from the police , and then he decided to come back , " according to Bolton . The second man who returned for his vehicle was arrested after police found eight $ 100 counterfeit bills inside , according to the officer . Way broke into the music scene two years ago with his hit "  Crank That  Soulja Boy  . " The rapper also describes himself as a producer and entrepreneur .	Rapper Soulja Boy arrested after allegedly running from police in Georgia Officers responded to a report of a large group gathered near a house Witnesses told police the group was filming a video Artist taken into custody after he returned to the scene to get his car , police say
CNN  -- Not even a week after the ruling in the Trayvon Martin trial , President Barack Obama could n't wait to stand before the White House press corps and "  speak to an issue that obviously has gotten a lot of attention , " as he said last July . Yet it took Obama more than a month to address the crisis where 40 veterans allegedly died while waiting months for treatment at a Phoenix Veterans Administration hospital . Congress has held hearings on the grave matter since April and called Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki among other witnesses to testify . But Obama just got around to holding a press conference Wednesday on the topic . "  So when I heard allegations of misconduct -- any misconduct , whether it 's allegations of VA staff covering up long wait times or cooking the books -- I will not stand for it , not as commander in chief , but also not as an American , " Obama declared . If Obama is as outraged and "  mad as hell " as he professes , why did it take him over a month to say anything substantive about vets dying because of months waiting for care ? Prior to his long overdue press conference about the VA controversy , Obama only mentioned what has now become another White House scandal in a response to a question from a reporter on April 28 during his Asia trip . During his press conference , Obama said he was n't going to jump to any conclusions or call for any resignations until "  the investigators do their job and get to the bottom of what happened " at the VA. . He added , "  we have to find out , first of all , what exactly happened . " In contrast , Obama could n't wait to jump to conclusions and comment on the shooting of the black teen Martin by George Zimmerman before any investigation or trial happened . Obama made extensive comments on the shooting in March 2012 in the Rose Garden . "  You know , if I had a son , he 'd look like Trayvon . All of us as Americans are going to take this with the seriousness it deserves , " he said . Well we certainly did n't hear the president say , if he had served in the military , "  I could have been one of those veterans who died . " Apparently , veterans , who put their lives at risk defending our country then died at the hands of incompetent VA employees are n't worthy of the same attention and "  seriousness " as Trayvon Martin ? Even more indicative of the Obama White House 's misplaced priorities is the White House issued a statement from the president on the day of the Tryavon Martin trial verdict last July . No White House statement was issued about the VA allegations . But clearly a statement on the Martin trial was n't enough . A few days later , Obama held a press conference about the verdict . "  I thought it might be useful for me to expand on my thoughts a little bit , " Obama noted . Martin 's death , though tragic , had nothing to do with national security or government malfeasance and did n't warrant attention from the president of the United States . But Obama felt it was very important to comment on the death of a young black man shot by a "  white Hispanic " to appease race hucksters like Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson who helped elect him . Stammering throughout his VA press conference Wednesday , Obama told reporters "  responsibility for things always rests ultimately with me , as the President and commander in chief . " At the same time Obama claims he did n't know how big the problems were with the VA. . How can a president be responsible for problems occurring at agencies if he 's not aware of the problems ? This sounds like the all-too-familiar refrain the White House uses . It did n't know about the IRS scandal or the Department of Health and Human Services ' disastrous rollout of Obamacare . Again , Obama promised , "  there is going to be accountability . " "  Listen , if somebody has mismanaged or engaged in misconduct , not only do I not want them getting bonuses , I want them punished , " he said from the White House briefing room . Hopefully this time , the President means what he says because in past scandals he has held no one accountable . IRS division director Lois Lerner and HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius both were allowed to resign without accountability . Shinseki eventually will do the same . Regardless of the outcome of the investigation , at minimum our veterans deserve the same attention to their deaths as Obama gave Trayvon . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Crystal Wright wonders why Obama 's VA reaction was n't as swift as his Trayvon comments Obama waited more than a month to speak on VA allegations In comparison , he commented a week after the Trayvon Martin verdict Wright : Our veterans deserve the same attention to their deaths as Obama gave Martin
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Hundreds of anti-government protesters marched toward a presidential palace in Yemen on Sunday , calling for regime change in the Middle Eastern country . Some of them chanted , "  First Mubarak , now Ali , " referring to Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and Hosni Mubarak , who recently resigned as president of Egypt after nearly 30 years in power . Security forces put up a barbed wire barricade and blocked the protesters ' path about two miles from the palace . At that point , the situation intensified as protesters turned away and attempted to reach the palace through side streets . Clashes between protesters and police were reported by witnesses . According to Tawakkol Karman , a prominent Yemeni rights activist and president of Women Journalists Without Chains , anti-riot police then "  went into the crowd of protesters with batons and tasers , " attempting to disperse them . Karman said she and other protesters were hit with sticks and that at least 12 people were arrested . One of those arrested , human rights lawyer Khaled Al-Anesi , has since been released . The CNN crew at the scene was surrounded by security officers , who seized the journalists ' videotapes . Nearby , a group of about 40 pro-government demonstrators chanted , "  With our souls , with our blood , we will sacrifice for Ali . " The anti-government group first gathered at the gates of Sanaa University earlier Sunday , where another group of pro-government demonstrators carried pictures of Ali . Police tried to disperse the crowds and stepped in to prevent pro-government demonstrators from following when the anti-government group headed away from the university and toward the palace . The group of anti-government protesters included students and rights activists . Their numbers swelled from about 400 to more than 1,000 as they marched through Sanaa 's streets . The anti-government protests were significant because earlier in the day , Yemen 's Embassy in Washington confirmed that the opposition coalition had announced its intention to hold a national dialogue with the administration . The government welcomed the opposition 's willingness to initiate a dialogue -- though the protesters indicated otherwise . Meanwhile , the state-run news agency Saba reported that Saleh had decided to delay a visit tot he United States that was to take place in late February . Saleh has ruled Yemen for 32 years and has pledged not to stand for re-election when his current term -- which started in 2006 -- ends in 2013 . Mubarak 's lengthy rule ended Friday when he stepped down after 18 days of anti-government protests rocked Egypt . Echoes of Egypt 's revolution resonated across the region , with anti-government protests in Yemen and Algeria . Demonstrations are also planned in Libya and Iran on Monday . Brief clashes erupted Saturday in Yemen between hundreds of pro- and anti-government demonstrators who staged rival rallies in the capital . The clashes , which left a small number of people injured , followed an anti-government protest Friday night in which men armed with knives attacked more than a thousand demonstrators , according to human rights groups .	Clashes reported between protesters and police President delays visit to the United States Government forces set up a barbed wire barricade to block protesters Echoes of Egypt 's revolution have resonated across the region
