CNN  -- Muslims are a very diverse people . Although they share timeless universals that weave them together into a common fabric , it would be dishonest to paint them with a broad brush . A sophisticated and elegant civilization built over fourteen centuries stretching from Spain to China , it was brought to its knees in a crescendo of upheaval during the 30-year period between the two world wars . The stabilizing institutions native to Islamic society would never recover -- imported , European-style nationalist ideologies would seal their fate . Amid this severe instability , no new post-industrial revolution thought could flourish and no space would be allowed for the intellectual framing of a contemporary yet "  rooted " identity . Making sense of the scattered pieces that remain would be a daunting task for even the best hearts and minds , let alone those who find themselves in the unenviable position of representing Muslim communities across the continents they span . So it is with a great deal of deference to contributions and sacrifices offered up at precious price that I proceed to suggest that we have a problem . There is a vacuity in our leadership vision and the time has come for a change in course . Community leaders both East and West have been unable to articulate a clear direction for Muslims that illustrates a positive , authentic identity that is engaged as a participant in global society . For 10 years now , the discourse of Muslim religious leadership has been limited to a single mantra . We continue to be reminded what Islam and Muslims are not . Not extreme , not violent . We seem to be constantly trying to convince our fellow non-Muslim citizens and neighbors that Muslims are no different than them -- nothing unique , nothing authentic , nothing remarkable . Will the time ever arrive to talk about what Islam is and Muslims are , as opposed to only what they are not ? Can we not talk about what unique and authentic contributions Muslims can bring to the global table ? There are many Muslims throughout the world who would love to express how they , too , in their own unique way , are earning their keep in our great cosmopolitan societies . Can we know how Islam informs and inspires these contributions ? Current discourse from Muslim leaders appears to acquiesce to the faulty premise that extreme and violent tendencies are rampant among the mainstream Muslim population . While it is true that a minority fringe of individuals have allowed their political and human rights frustrations to carry them beyond the pale of Islam 's normative teachings -- violating the very principles of the religion they invoke -- in so doing , their acts of terrorism can not justifiably be branded "  Islamic . " What they are , then , is criminal . Criminal in international law , criminal in Shariah law . The vast majority of Muslims have never accepted this behavior . Not in the name of Islam , and not in any other name . The question remains , is there anything more to Islam and Muslims than what they are not ? Is there going to be a discourse that uplifts this silent and peaceful majority ; that paints a hopeful future of possibilities for them ? Responsibility , accountability , and discipline form the bedrock of effective leadership . Its substance , however , is vision and clarity about where the community needs to go and how they will constructively engage with the world around them . From here , communication becomes essential . But that articulation must be the product of listening , caring , and conversance with local contexts . One of the most important vocations of the leader is to empower those he or she leads to achieve the goals outlined in the vision . This entails a robust program for succession planning . All of this however , must be effectively grounded in fidelity to the universal principles of cultural and doctrinal continuity . Though leaders are often benign and well intentioned , the problem is one of effectiveness . Muslim leaders have been unable to articulate a vision for an effective way forward on behalf of their community . The situation is by no means hopeless ; the substance of restoration is ready to hand . However , it requires a modicum of honesty , far-sightedness , and resolve . Any such vision will have to be at once grounded in the roots of Muslim identity and positively engaged with the greater society . There has been , as of yet , no systematic deliberation or collective discussion across community boundaries and affiliations aimed at fleshing out viable solutions based on a thorough situation assessment . Answers and solutions are arrived at haphazardly without significant reflection . This frequently leads to contradictions at a future point in time ; further contributing to the alienation of the Muslim mainstream . One of the key causes contributing to such confusion is the conspicuous devolution of classical Islamic institutions . The original institutions , native to Muslim society -- whether religious or civil -- had always provided a balancing effect to the community , securing the integrity of self-understanding , memory , and praxis -- thereby facilitating balanced and responsible citizenship . The disequilibrium stemming from their neglect and decay is a direct contributor to the phenomenon of extremism . For decades , Muslim elites have pursued a policy of disassociation from classical Islamic institutions and sometimes even the religion itself . This has led to the neglect of core institutions causing them to fall into a state of disrepair . However , despite this , Muslim elites have been unable to de-link themselves from the source of their identity as Muslims -- the religion of Islam itself . It means the neglect and marginalization of native institutions inevitably comes back to haunt them . The absence of grounded authenticity has been a missing lynchpin to the success of solution-aspiring initiatives . It is imperative that new solutions demonstrate how they are grounded in the roots of the timeless world view of Islam . This must be achieved in a way that is recognizable to the Muslim mainstream or it will never gain traction amongst the grassroots . There persists a tendency to not allow psychological , moral , or intellectual space for new energy to emerge . Along with the voice of emergent generations of Muslim youth , non-Arab and non-Asian Muslims continue to be conspicuously absent or underrepresented in national and international leadership circles and events , even in Europe and the Americas . There now exist whole generations of Muslims who have come of age in an environment where modernity , technology , representative government , free speech , and even gender relations are familiar territory and not overwhelming or confounding phenomena . With the right credentials and given an opportunity , they are the natural candidates to negotiate the challenge of making sense of Islam in the current post-modern cosmopolitan context without sacrificing continuity of identity . To date , however , everyone is forced to wait around for the old leadership to continue playing catch up .	Leaders in East and West unable to find way for Muslims to show a positive identity , says Jihad Hashim-Brown For past decade Muslims have only talked about what they are not -- extremists and terrorists , he says A new generation needs the chance to make sense of Islam in today 's globalized world
Washington  CNN  -- The same weapon was used in three recent incidents of shots fired at military buildings , including the Pentagon , the FBI said . Tests at the FBI Laboratory showed that the Tuesday night shooting at a vacant Marine Corps Recruiting Station in Chantilly , Virginia , involved the same weapon as earlier similar incidents at the Pentagon and the National Museum of the Marine Corps , an FBI statement said . On Friday , the FBI said that more shots were fired overnight at the National Museum of the Marine Corps building in Triangle , Virginia . No one was injured in any of the earlier shooting incidents , which all involved shots fired into the buildings during overnight hours . The FBI Washington field office 's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading an investigation of the shootings . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : More shots fired overnight at National Museum of Marine Corps , FBI says Tests show same weapon was used in three earlier shootings No one injured in those earlier shootings An FBI task force is leading the investigation
CNN  -- Basking in the glory of winning back the fabled Ashes from traditional rivals England , Australia 's cricketing fans turned up in world record numbers Boxing Day in Melbourne to see their side continue its domination of the series . England closed on 226 for six wickets , with only Kevin Pietersen , undefeated on 67 , suggesting they might post a challenging first innings total . Two late wickets with the second new ball for paceman Mitchell Johnson swung the initiative Australia 's way to leave the majority of the 91,092 crowd at the MCG celebrating . The attendance broke a previous world best for attendance at a cricket match set 52 years ago in the same vast stadium . "  In years to come Melburnians will remember Boxing Day 2013 as the day their city created sporting history , " Cricket Australia 's CEO , James Sutherland , told Cricket Australia 's website . England 's loyal band of cricket supporters -- nicknamed ` The Barmy Army ' -- also helped boost the figure , but with their team 3-0 down in the best of five-match series they came more in hope than expectation . Until Johnson 's late first day burst , removing Ben Stokes and Jonny Bairstow , who had replaced the out-of-form Matt Prior as England 's wicketkeeper , the visitors had held their own , although the scoring rate was pedestrian . Put in to bat by Australia 's captain Michael Clarke , England made it to lunch for the loss of his counterpart Alastair Cook to Peter Siddle . Cook 's opening partner Michael Carberry went after the interval , again failing to capitalize on a solid start to be bowled by Shane Watson for 38 . That brought Pietersen to the wicket and he looked determined to atone for earlier failures in the series , which had led some to question his place in the side . He enjoyed a slice of luck , hooking a short ball from the excellent Ryan Harris in the direction of substitute fielder Nathan Coulter-Nile , who could only carry the ball over for a six . On 41 , Harris almost had him again , but George Bailey could not hold a sharp chance at midwicket . Pietersen found support from Joe Root and Ian Bell , but both departed after starts to Harris , both caught behind by Brad Haddin , the Australia wicketkeeper . Stokes and Bairstow were unable to cope with the 90mph plus pace of Johnson , a key figure in Australia 's three earlier wins . It left Pietersen at the wicket with Tim Bresnan and just the England tailenders to come . Bell , who starred for England in the summer when they beat Australia 3-0 in a home series , still held hope that Pietersen could lift them into a good position on the second day . "  With Kev not out it 's a good sign for us , " Bell told Sky Sports . "  A lot of us got starts and are disappointed not to get scores . We would have liked a few more runs as well , " he admitted as the pattern of the earlier matches continued . "  We need big runs and we 've not got them , but if Kev and Bres  Tim Bresnan  can hang around , maybe we will get 300 plus and put some pressure on Australia . " But with Johnson fired up , Australia will look to quickly remove the remaining England batsmen at the start of the second day and post a big score of their own in their bid to achieve a humiliating series whitewash of their oldest rivals . Meanwhile in other Test match action Thursday , India reached 181 for one wicket on the first day of the second Test against No. 1 ranked South Africa in Durban . Indian batsmen Murali Vijay and Cheteshwar Pujara were sharing an unbeaten century partnership for the second wicket before bad light stopped play .	England 226 for six wickets at close of first day at MCG Record crowd of 91,092 watch the action in Melbourne Australia lead series 3-0 and have won back the Ashes Kevin Pietersen 67 not out as England falter again
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Chevron Corp. . CEO David O'Reilly says Big Oil is not to blame for skyrocketing gas prices . Chevron Corp. . CEO David O'Reilly says world demand for crude oil has been growing , which is affecting gas prices . In an interview Tuesday with Wolf Blitzer on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " O'Reilly said high demand and a short supply of crude oil were key factors causing gas prices to spike . Despite reports of record profits among major oil companies , O'Reilly downplayed a recent poll in which Americans said corporate avarice played a role . O'Reilly also discussed President Bush 's and GOP presumptive presidential nominee Sen. John McCain 's proposal to lift the ban on new offshore drilling as well as presumptive Democratic nominee Sen. Barack Obama 's call for taxing companies ' windfall profits . The following is an edited version of the show 's transcript : Blitzer : You know you have -- you and ExxonMobil , the Big Oil companies -- have a huge public relations problem . In all the recent polls , when the American public is asked , who do you blame for these huge gas prices at the pump , they -- more than any other single source -- they blame Big Oil . They blame you . What 's going on ? Watch Blitzer grill O'Reilly " O'Reilly : Well , I do n't think they blame us as much as you think . It looks to me like there 's a lot of blame to go around . Blitzer : There 's other blame , but more than any other single source , they blame Big Oil . O'Reilly : It depends on the poll you look at . Blitzer : The recent Gallup Poll . O'Reilly : Let me point out what we 're trying to do about this because I think the issue here is one of supply . And prices are high today , but it 's fundamentally a concern about oil supplies -- 75 percent of the price of gasoline is related to crude oil . We 're very dependent on crude oil imports . The total world demand for crude oil has been growing steadily over the last decade . And that is affecting everybody 's price . So it is a concern , but we need to work on the supply side , as well as the demand side , to bring change . Blitzer : Because you have had record profits , right ? O'Reilly : We 're investing those record profits . Blitzer : But billions and billions of dollars in profits , more than ever before . O'Reilly : Yes , but it 's a big business . And on a return-on-sales business , we 're right in there with the average of American business today . What we 're doing is investing that money . For example , last year , we did make a lot of money , $ 18.7 billion . This year , our capital investment in new supplies is $ 22.9 billion , almost $ 23 billion . Blitzer : You know that Barack Obama says if he 's president , he wants a windfall profits tax . He wants to take a chunk of your profits right now and give it back to the American people . John McCain opposes that , as you know . So I assume you would like to see John McCain elected president ? Watch McCain explain his stance " O'Reilly : Well , I would like to see no windfall profit tax . And I will tell you why . First of all , we are already heavily taxed as an industry . Our tax rates last year were at 45 percent , compared with in the 30s for the average of all industry . Secondly , as I mentioned earlier , we 're investing the money . If you take the money away , it will reduce investment , reduce supply and have exactly the opposite effect of helping the problem that you have referred to . And , thirdly , we have done it before . We have had windfall profit taxes . Congress has studied them about 30 years ago . And what happened under those circumstances is supplies dropped domestically , and we became even more dependent on imported oil . You do n't want to do that today . Blitzer : Here 's how Sen. Obama put it . Listen to this . Obama  in a video clip  : Sen. McCain wants to give billions of dollars in tax breaks to Big Oil and opposes a windfall profits tax on oil companies like Exxon to help families struggling with high energy costs . I think that is exactly why we need to change Washington . Blitzer : So , I guess , given the stark difference when it comes to Big Oil between Obama and McCain -- let me rephrase the question -- do you want McCain to be elected ? O'Reilly : I want someone to be elected who will help resolve our energy crisis . And I do n't know enough about Sen. Obama 's position or Sen. McCain 's position to pass judgment on either one of them . What I do know , though , is that if we want to solve this problem of high energy prices , we 're going to have to work not only in the demand side , as Congress has done with -LSB- Corporate Average Fuel Economy -RSB- standards and alternatives , but we 're going to have to work on the supply as well . Blitzer : Do you want offshore drilling to be approved on both coasts and in the Gulf , which Sen. McCain now says is a good idea ? O'Reilly : I do think that 's a good idea . Today , our shores , except for the gulf off Texas and Mississippi and so forth , are off-limits today . So , look , Europeans who are very environmentally conscious -- the British , the Norwegians , the Danes , the Dutch -- they can allow sensible offshore production from their oceans . Why ca n't we ? See where drilling is allowed , banned " Since we have -- over the last 20 years , domestic production has steadily declined -- and we have been more and more dependent on imports . We definitely need to do something about it . We do n't know yet how much oil is under there , but we should at least be given the opportunity to look . Blitzer : We invited our viewers to ask you a question , and some of the I-Reports came in . iReport.com : See what iReporters are saying about gas prices Unidentified male  in a video clip  : If you would had told me a year ago that gas prices were going to reach about $ 4 a gallon , I would n't have doubted you . And if you had told me the year before that that they would reach $ 3 a gallon , I still would n't have doubted you . So what should Americans expect in terms of pricing of gas in the future ? Blitzer : What do you think ? O'Reilly : Very good question . I mean , $ 4 gasoline is a reality today because ... Blitzer : In some parts of the country , it 's approaching $ 5 . O'Reilly : Well , 75 percent of that is the price of crude oil . And that is the crude oil that we have been talking about here that 's driving the current crude oil -- energy market . Blitzer : So , how high is it going to go ? O'Reilly : Well , if crude oil prices come down , I think those prices could moderate . But it 's a big if . Crude oil prices have to come down . We need to send a very strong signal to the market that we 're serious about increasing supplies in this country . Blitzer : Do you think manipulators , stock manipulators , are paying -- are doing things to cause this spiral ? O'Reilly : I do n't know enough about the financial markets . We 're a physical player . But I think most of the price that we see today is because of concern about physical long-term supply . Blitzer : Just because of the huge demand in India and China , also ? O'Reilly : Huge demand around the globe , including here in the United States . Blitzer : Here 's another question . Unidentified male  in a video clip  : Have we reached peak oil supply ? And , if not , when do you expect that we will ? And , once we do , when do you expect that the prices of gas will go down to a reasonable level ? O'Reilly : You know , peak oil is a big question today , and it 's a very good question . One of the issues that we face has been addressed -- around people -- has been addressed to the National Petroleum Council study , which was issued last year by the secretary of energy . It is a very important study . What it really says is , there 's enough oil and gas in the ground , but the access is what 's impeding production . So , we could have a squeeze in the years ahead if we do n't get after increasing our supplies , not only here in the U.S. , but creating a global environment which permits access around the globe and free trade around the globe as far as oil is concerned .	Chevron CEO says his company is investing windfall profits in supplies David O'Reilly says he is opposed to windfall profits tax , favors offshore drilling "  I want someone to be elected who will help resolve our energy crisis , " O'Reilly says Citing report , O'Reilly says plenty of oil is in ground but access is the problem
CNN  -- The priceless , 8,000-piece collection of rare African-American memorabilia Nathaniel Montague spent decades collecting could be dismantled if a buyer does n't come forward by mid-July . During a status hearing in bankruptcy court scheduled for July 20 in Las Vegas , creditor ABKCO Music & Records plans to ask the court to conduct an auction of the items in the Montague Collection , which includes slave and indentured servitude documents , a signed copy of Phillis Wheatley 's "  Poems on Various Subjects " dated 1773 , and a handwritten letter from Booker T. Washington seeking financial assistance for 221 students at Tuskegee . "  There 's nothing I can do , " Montague said . "  I wish there were , but there is n't . I just hope that we do n't turn out to be losers , and that I get something for my efforts . " Montague , a onetime radio personality who coined the phrase "  Burn , Baby , Burn , " spent 50 years acquiring rare and one-of-a-kind pieces of American history , including books , photographs , paintings and ephemera . An assessment of five of the pieces puts their total value somewhere between $ 592,000 and $ 940,000 . His goal was to turn it into a museum . Now that it is out of his possession , he just wants to see his life 's work remain intact . Black history ` undertaker ' loses treasures Years ago Montague and his wife of 56 years , Rose Casalan , began taking out loans to archive and prepare the collection for sale . They found themselves overextended financially and declared bankruptcy last year . The collection was seized and is now housed under tight security in Las Vegas . It is in the hands of a trusteeship charged with selling it to satisfy the debts , including a judgment for $ 325,000 plus fees from New York-based ABKCO , an independent entertainment company that owns rights to recordings by Sam Cooke , The Rolling Stones and Bobby Womack . Fees have continued to mount , including $ 250,000 from a financing company to pay for housing and marketing the collection , said Jason Wiley , an attorney for ABKCO . ABKCO had agreed to give the trusteeship six months to market the collection . Time has run out , and there have been no buyers . Now , the company plans to petition the court to conduct an auction of the collection during the July 20 hearing . "  We have n't come close to getting this thing sold , " Wiley said . "  We 've got to cut this thing off . " Dotan Melech , the federal bankruptcy trustee charged with administering the Montague estate , is still hopeful he can find a buyer or get more time from the court . He has sent letters to a few hundred individuals and nonprofits that have shown interest in the collection asking them to submit their best bid by July 13 . He is trying to come up with other solutions , as well , including setting up Twitter and Facebook accounts to help get the word out . He 's also considered a Kickstarter campaign . "  In this economy , no one throws money at anything , " Melech said . "  We 're trying as hard as we can . " If the judge grants ABKCO 's request , the collection could be sold piecemeal until the debt is satisfied . Any remaining items could be returned to Montague . That will break his heart , Melech said . "  If you have five children and two are taken away , it does n't hurt less because you got three back , " he said . Montague says he will think positively until a deal is made . "  I only want to look ahead , that it can be done , " he said . "  Every day I think of what I can do until time runs out . "	Nathaniel Montague spent 50 years collecting rare , books , photographs , paintings He overextended himself with loans to pay for archiving and housing , had to file bankruptcy Creditor granted six months to find a buyer , no one has stepped up If no buyer is found by mid-July , the 8,000-piece collection could be sold piecemeal
CNN  -- Donald Trump will let Miss California USA Carrie Prejean keep her title despite controversy over seminude photos and charges by state pageant officials that she had abandoned her duties to devote time to opposition to same-sex marriage . Miss California USA Carrie Prejean caused controversy with remarks she made at the Miss USA pageant . Trump , no apprentice at turning a negative into positive publicity , brought several weeks of controversy to a conclusion at his New York headquarters Tuesday with winners all around . Trump said his Miss USA pageant stays "  so relevant , " unlike the rival Miss America pageant seen only on a small cable channel . Prejean gained a national following that could help her post-pageant career . Watch Prejean defend herself " The Miss California USA organization has a beauty queen better known than the woman who won the Miss USA title -- Kristen Dalton of North Carolina . Celebrity bloggers , such as Perez Hilton , whose question to Prejean ignited the firestorm , gained a higher profile and more readers for their Web sites . And groups both for and against same-sex marriage gained energy for their fundraising and publicity campaigns . Prejean stepped into the limelight unexpectedly just over three weeks ago when she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in response to a question asked during the national pageant by Hilton , a pageant judge . Watch Hilton get dismissive " Prejean finished as first runner-up , but it was not clear if her answer cost her the crown . "  He -LSB- Hilton -RSB- gave her very low marks , " Trump said . "  It certainly did n't help . " Hilton , who is openly gay and a strong supporter of same-sex marriage , later posted a video rant online in which he called Prejean "  a dumb bitch . " This caught the national mainstream media 's attention , and Hilton was invited to appear on TV shows to talk about it . Prejean -- with pageant approval -- also talked publicly about her same-sex marriage opposition . But when she appeared at a news conference for the National Organization for Marriage , a same-sex marriage opposition group , the controversy intensified . Lawyers for the Miss USA group demanded that NOM stop using video clips of the pageant in its TV ads . The controversy boiled to a new level last week when a photo of Prejean , wearing only pink panties but showing mainly a bare back , was published by gossip Web sites . Miss California USA officials -- some of them outspoken advocates of same-sex marriage -- suggested that the seminude photo breached the contract Prejean signed with the pageant . Her title might be taken away , they said . Watch Miss California USA offficials scold Prejean " These officials also complained they could n't reach Prejean and she had missed important pageant events . They charged that their beauty queen had been hijacked by anti-same-sex marriage forces . But it was up to Trump , who bought the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants a decade ago , to decide what to do about Carrie Prejean . Trump united her with California pageant co-executive directors Shanna Moakler -- a former Playboy centerfold -- and Keith Lewis in his New York office Tuesday morning for a peacemaking session . It ended with hugs and smiles at Trump 's news conference . Watch Trump 's announcement " Those photos of a topless Prejean do not violate the contract she signed when entering the pageant competition , Trump said . "  Some were very beautiful , " he said . "  Some were risque , but again , we 're in the 21st century . " Trump praised Prejean for giving a "  very , very honest answer " to a tough question during the pageant . "  It 's the same answer that the president of the United States gave , " he said . And he said he would not hesitate to invite Hilton back as a pageant judge , despite the firestorm he set off . "  He 's doing his thing , " Trump said . "  What 's the big deal ? " "  We want tough questions , " he said . "  We do n't want to be in a position that Miss America is in that they 're now on a small cable channel . " He noted that NBC recently extended the Miss USA and Miss Universe TV contracts for three years . Prejean said she has forgiven Hilton and the other critical bloggers . "  I willingly forgive them before all of you today , " she told reporters . She said she was the victim of "  hateful attacks , despicable rumors and false allegations " for exercising her freedom of speech , but the situation has given her a new message to carry as a role model to young people . "  Think about how much better our society would be if we could just agree to disagree and show respect , " she said . As she resumes public appearances as Miss California USA , Prejean said she will not be an activist against same-sex marriage . "  I 'm going to resume my duties as Miss California , but also stay true to who I am and have my own personal opinions , " she said . "  We will see how we will balance the two . "	Carrie Prejean to keep title despite disputes over photos , duties Donald Trump , who owns the pageant , made final decision Seminude photos do n't violate contract Prejean signed , Trump says Prejean initially in news for her response to question about same-sex marriage
The headlines scream : "  Political tsunami , " "  earthquake " and "  big bang . " European elections may have taken place in 28 different countries , but the results in just one of them proved the big story of the night . Who and what are we talking about ? Marine Le Pen 's Front National extreme-right party came top in France 's European elections , with 25.41 % of the vote . This is a historic achievement for the 46-year-old daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen , the party 's founder . And if the newspaper headlines are to be believed , the consequences of that particular vote are going to be felt for a very long time , both nationally and internationally . Listening to French radio and television through the night , there was no doubt that France 's whole political class and commentators had never thought such thing possible , at least not on that scale . Some even succumbed to slight hysteria , live on French airwaves , including Laurent Wauquiez , France 's former minister for European affairs , who advocated , quite simply , a return to the EU made only of its founding member states -- France , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , Belgium -- plus Spain . From a Union of 28 countries back to a "  hardcore " of seven . A few days before the vote , in an open letter published both in German and French , in Die welt and Le Point , former president Nicolas Sarkozy proposed that Europe should be divided up into three zones , with an end to the Schengen Agreement , which allows freedom of movement without passports between member states . It felt like panic ; it was panic . Le Pen 's triumph reveals the collapse of national trust in the traditional Right and Left parties which have governed France for three generations since the beginning of the Fifth Republic in 1958 . Sarkozy 's UMP party only managed to take 20.77 % of the vote , while President Hollande 's Socialist Party only attracted 13.97 % . Centrists at 9.81 % and Greens with 8.89 % seem almost irrelevant . While President Hollande has convened a crisis cabinet meeting at the Elysées Palace in order to prepare the next EU Council meeting in Brussels , a lot of people are left asking why a quarter of the French electorate cast their ballot in favor of the extreme right . Exit polls carried out by Harris Interactive suggest that anti-European sentiment is actually not the main reason . Domestic concerns always loom large in European elections . Only 22 % of Le Pen voters say that they want out of the EU , according to the polls . The two main reasons cited are : "  We need change "  43 %  and "  this is a protest against traditional parties of government "  37 % . So , if this is not about Europe , after all , should President Hollande dissolve the National Assembly , as Marine Le Pen demanded ? Should he resign ? Two very unlikely scenarios but then , another question follows : What about the next presidential elections ? A poll conducted immediately after the results on Sunday evening revealed that a majority of the French people wanted neither François Hollande nor Nicolas Sarkozy to run for presidency . A little like in Italy where Italians gave a vote of confidence to Matteo Renzi  a man who has never been in government , is still untainted , and therefore represents "  change "  France is in search of fresh and untarnished politicians whose names have never appeared in scandals of any sort . It is no surprise to see that Manuel Valls , the recently-appointed French prime minister , feeling still rather new in the job , is one the most popular politicians in France . Marine Le Pen , although belonging to a family dynasty and to France 's political establishment , also benefits from popularity only enjoyed by politicians who have n't been tarnished by government . In other words , French voters want politics to be reinvented by a new generation . This , of course , may prove totally illusory , or the lightning bolt the French political class needs . INTERACTIVE : That ` earthquake ' in Europe ? It 's far-right gains in Parliament elections INTERACTIVE : Counting the votes : How the European election works INTERACTIVE : Protest parties shake up pivotal European elections	Marine Le Pen 's Front National extreme-right party came top in France 's European elections This is a historic achievement for the daughter of the party 's founder , writes Agnes Poirier France 's political class , commentators had never thought such thing possible , she writes Poirier : A collapse of national trust in the traditional Right and Left parties is revealed
CNN  -- If eHarmony or Match.com features more prominently in your "  how we met " story than a smoky nightclub or the produce aisle , you 're probably not so reluctant to admit it . Six out of 10 Americans now believe dating sites are a good way to meet people , according to a new report from the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project . That 's up from 44 % who felt that way in 2005 , the last time Pew conducted a similar survey . And barely two out of every 10 people  21 %  still feel that "  people who use online dating sites are desperate . " Eight years ago , almost 30 % thought so . "  General public attitudes toward online dating have become much more positive in recent years , and social networking sites are now playing a prominent role when it comes to navigating and documenting romantic relationships , " reads a summary of Pew 's report . The upside of online dating According to the survey , conducted with 2,252 adults in April and May , 11 % of Internet users , and 38 % of those who said they 're currently "  single and looking , " have used online dating sites or apps . Among them , 66 % said they went on a date as a result . And nearly one in four  23 %  said they actually met a spouse or other long-term partner through the sites . In 2005 , 43 % who tried online sites actually went on a date . But 17 % said they found long-term love , not terribly lower than the recent number . How technology has changed romance But just because it 's more common and accepted does n't mean Internet mingling  Christian or otherwise  has worked for everyone . More than half the respondents who have tried it  54 %  said that someone they 'd met had seriously misrepresented themselves in their profiles and more than one out of four  28 %  said they 'd been contacted through one of the sites "  in a way that made them feel harassed or uncomfortable . " Why traditional dating is dead That number shoots up to 42 % of women who have used dating sites , compared with 17 % of men . And maybe it 's not all that surprising , but a growing number of people have used the Internet for intimate contact of a less formal nature . Nearly one out of four respondents said they 've gone online to check up on former partners , and a similar number said they 've flirted with someone on the Web . Young people between 18 and 24 are the most Web-flirtatious . About half  47 %  said they 've flirted from behind a keyboard . The survey was conducted through telephone interviews in English and Spanish . It has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.3 percentage points for all respondents and plus or minus 2.5 percentage points for Internet users . Why it 's really possible to fall in love online	Pew asked more than 2,000 people about dating on the Internet Two out of 10 think people who use dating sites are "  desperate " But attitudes about online dating have gotten more positive over time Survey : Half of Web daters met people who "  seriously misrepresented " themselves
CNN  -- Arsenal revived their English Premier League title hopes with a 3-1 win at relegation battlers Blackpool Sunday . The victory moved Arsene Wenger 's men to within seven points of leaders Manchester United , with a further game in hand . Arsenal were forced to field 41-year German goalkeeper Jens Lehmann after Manuel Almunia was injured in the warm-up but they were largely in command after first half goals from Abou Diaby and Emmanuel Eboue . Gary Taylor-Fletcher pulled one back for Blackpool in the 52nd minute when he scored after referee Lee Mason waved played on when Lehmann rushed off his line to foul DJ Campbell . If the penalty had been awarded , Lehmann a former Gunners favorite , might have well been given his marching orders . After some nervous moments , a late strike from Robin van Persie , with the home side appealing for offside , clinched their first win in four league games . Manchester United must travel to the Emirates on May 1 but Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger is more concerned about upcoming games . "  We must win the game in hand . But let 's first win our next game against Liverpool on Sunday , " he told Sky Sports . Wenger was full of praise for Lehmann on his second Arsenal debut after his return from retirement to help them out with a goalkeeping shortage . "  Jens can be very proud . The way he practises every day is outstanding . "  He has helped the club win a big game and it will have an impact at the end of the season . He 's intelligent and committed . " Blackpool , who were hot favorites to return to the second flight at the first time of asking , remain in 17th spot , just above the drop zone . In Sunday 's other EPL game , Aston Villa eased their relegation fears with a 1-0 home win over Newcastle . James Collins scored the only goal of the game in the first half as Gerard Houillier 's men moved five points clear of the drop zone , but they had to survive some nervous moments as the visitors carved out a number of openings .	Arsenal win 3-1 at Blackpool to close to within seven points of EPL leaders Man Utd 41-year-old Jens Lehmann dons goalkeeping gloves for Arsenal Aston Villa beat Newcastle 1-0 to ease relegation fears
Farnborough , England  CNN  -- There 's no better feeling when you 're showing off to your friends . Sharing with them something you are proud and excited about . After giving journalists a tour pointing out features around the cabin of his new Boeing 787 Dreamliner , Qatar Airways Chief Executive Akbar al Baker became excited . He said goodbye to me and hello to Willie Walsh . Akbar attentively showed him every nook and cranny of the aircraft , crouching down to recline the new business class seat that Willie was in , showing him the new touch screen control panels and glossy fold away trays . As we plugged in the microphone to ask Willie one question about what he thought of the plane , they headed to the front . After waiting for a few minutes , I crept forward to have a quick look what was going on . The cockpit was packed . Suddenly I heard "  Ayesha !! " the CEO of Gulf Air Samer Majali 's head emerged from the cockpit . "  Wait , wait !! Three CEOs in the cockpit ?!!! This never happens !! I said . There they were - Samer in the Captain 's seat , Willie in the First Officer 's seat and Akbar in the jump seat . "  Three CEOs in the cockpit conspiring what to do in the aviation industry in the next 12 months " joked Akbar , before I crawled in with a microphone . Infographic : State of global aviation in numbers Qatar Airways has 60 Dreamliners on order and will hopefully get five delivered this year , followed by Etihad with an order of 41 and Gulf Air with 24 . Willie said that he was very envious of Akbar receiving his 787s before him and how the aircraft 's fuel efficiency will help the industry in such a difficult economic climate , which was reflected by the subdued mood at this year 's Farnborough . They were great sports for an impromptu interview . It felt like chatting to three guys who were old friends , having a laugh which was a rare informal side to see for men in their positions . I forgot I was talking to CEOs - they were just three men in a cockpit .	CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee has been at the Farnborough Airshow this week After finishing an interview she sneaks into the Qatar 787 cockpit to find some VIPs Durgahee recalls stumbling upon a rare sight -- 3 CEOs in a cockpit
CNN  -- Two hostages were injured at a bank in Lima , Peru , before a police sniper killed a man who held 33 people there for seven hours , state media reported . Moments before shooting the hostage-taker Friday night , police SWAT teams helped four bank employees escape through a window , Interior Minister Miguel Hidalgo told the government 's Andina news agency . "  This opening allowed us to get in position , use authorized weapons and end this drama , " he said . The man threatened staff and clients at the downtown bank with a gun and an explosive strapped to his chest , the news agency reported . He demanded 2 million soles  $ 714,000  and a helicopter as a condition for their release . At least two hostages were wounded in the standoff , Hidalgo said -- one with a gunshot wound and another who was injured after being hit in the head with a revolver . Hidalgo praised the rescue operation , saying the gunman had been "  uncompromising " and left police no choice but to shoot him . A bomb squad entered the bank after hostages had been evacuated to detonate the explosive the gunman had used to threatened the hostages , Andina reported . The bank is located in Gamarra , Lima 's textile and garment district , a poor part of the city with a high crime rate . Journalist Naomi Mapstone contributed to this report .	Police say the gunman demanded money and threatened hostages Four hostages are rescued through a window before police enter the bank Peru 's interior minister praises the operation The bank is located in Lima 's textile and garment district
CNN  -- Carl Beane , known to baseball fans as "  the voice of Fenway Park , " died Wednesday in a single-vehicle crash after suffering a heart attack in Sturbridge , Massachusetts , according to a statement from the Boston Red Sox . Beane , 59 and a Massachusetts native , began his sports broadcasting career in 1972 at WMAS radio station in Springfield . He became the famed Fenway public address announcer in 2003 after winning a competition , the statement said . On his website , Beane touted the fact that he announced the first two games of the 2004 World Series and witnessed the Red Sox claim the championship of Major League Baseball for the first time in 86 years . Baseball fans also hear his voice as the lead-in of "  The Baseball Experience , " a multimedia presentation at the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , New York , according to Beane 's website . "  Carl  adored the opportunity ... to contribute to the culture of Fenway Park , a place he loved passionately , " Red Sox President and CEO Larry Lucchino said in the statement . Beane was driving his 2004 Suzuki when he suffered a heart attack , causing him to lose control of the car , according to the Red Sox statement . His vehicle then collided with a tree and a wall , authorities said . No one else was in the car and no other cars were involved in the accident . Beane was transported from the scene and pronounced dead at Harrington Hospital in Southbridge shortly after the crash , according to authorities . "  No one loved his role with the Red Sox more than Carl did his , " Lucchino said . The Red Sox will hold a tribute to Beane at Fenway Park on Thursday before a game against the Cleveland Indians . "  All of Red Sox nation will remember his presence , his warmth , and his voice , " Lucchino said .	Red Sox P.A. announcer Carl Beane 's car crashed after he suffered a heart attack Only his car was involved and no one else was in the vehicle Beane became the Fenway Park announcer in 2003 after winning a competition His voice can be heard at the Baseball Hall of Fame
CNN  -- It started with a trickle . It ended with a dream washed away by an unstoppable tidal wave . A sheepish grin and a prayer to the famous Manchester weather was the idea , instead it was left to cunning and subterfuge . On came the sprinklers . The water flowed like a stream onto the Old Trafford field ; the grass disappeared beneath a rapidly growing quagmire . Bienvenidos a Manchester . This was one way Manchester United manager Matt Busby welcomed the great and good of Real Madrid . Having watched his side suffer a 3-1 defeat in the first leg of their 1957 European Cup semifinal , Busby was taking no chances . The fearsome five of Alfredo Di Stefano , Francisco Gento , Enrique Mateos , Hector Rial and Frenchman Raymond Kopa had unleashed an unstoppable force against United in the opening game in Spain showing the kind of skills and cutting edge of which not much had been seen on British shores since the "  Mighty Magyars " demolished England at Wembley in 1953 . This time , Busby had other ideas . Soak the pitch , make it a mud bath and watch his "  Babes " use their northern grit to emerge victorious . It was supposed to be foolproof . And he may have even succeeded , but for one prying camera . Real protest "  The second leg was almost never played , " author of "  Forever a Babe : Growing up with Manchester United , " Tom Clare told CNN . "  Busby had ordered that the playing pitch be soaked by water sprinklers as he thought that Madrid would not be used to , or like playing on a heavy surface . "  Unfortunately , a newspaper photographer from the Daily Mirror took a picture which showed there to be large pools of water lying on the surface of the pitch . "  Of course the water had not soaked in , but when the Madrid people saw the pictures on the morning of the game -- they threatened not to play unless the sprinklers were turned off . " So when Cristiano Ronaldo of Real and United 's Wayne Rooney lock horns in the first leg of the Champions League last-16 tie on Wednesday in Madrid , they will evoke memories of that fateful April day in 1957 . Real to face United in Champions League That 1957 match had it all -- gamesmanship , a bog-like pitch , diving , Los Galacticos , suspicious officials and a "  hatchet man ' " of an emergency loan signing . There was even a Manchester United manager remonstrating with the referee over timekeeping . Perhaps the game was n't so different 56 years ago , after all . "  The better team won and should have won more easily one thought for the simple reason that it was the only one with an organized forward line , " said the Manchester Guardian newspaper in its match report . The Daily Express was even more scathing of United 's performance , pulling no punches in its headline : "  Arrogant Busby Babes Laze and Lose . " "  Streetwise " When the Spaniards arrived at Old Trafford on Thursday April 25 , 65,000 hopeful and expectant supporters turned out to see whether the "  Babes " could hit the headlines for the right reasons . "  As a 12-year-old schoolboy , the whole event was magical and sometimes very bewildering , " United supporter John White told CNN . "  For starters , our English game was a very much more physical contact game than our European cousins played . "  We could not understand their propensity to fall over so readily -- yes , sad to say , even the great virtuosos of that sparkling Madrid side that won the European Cup five times in a row were not above developing an attack of the ` personal wobbles ' when it was convenient . " Real Madrid , Barcelona or Manchester United : Which is the biggest club ? Just as it is now , some 56 years later , Real was the richest club in the European game and scoured the world over for the most talented players . United 's team contained just two players -- Ray Wood and Tommy Taylor -- who had commanded a fee , with the club hamstrung in terms of finance following the Second World War , forcing it to nurture talent from the famous Academy , which former chairman James Gibson had founded during the club 's financial struggles . The "  Babes " had already proved to be the most talented side of their generation within the domestic game but their lack of experience was cruelly exposed against a "  streetwise " Real . "  Nobody in England was aware about just how good Real Madrid was at the time , " said Clare , who was at Old Trafford as a youngster that day . "  However , despite their fantastic lineup , United 's ` Babes ' were a match for them -- apart from experience . "  That was the difference between the two teams . There was a big difference in the average age between the teams -- United 's was 22 and Real 's was 29 , " added Clare . Blunt the blade The contest , according to the editorial in the Manchester Guardian , would rest on whether United could "  blunt the edge of the sharpest club attack in Europe . " Busby 's team had overturned a two-goal deficit in the quarterfinal , winning 3-0 at home to Athletic Bilbao after losing 5-3 in the first leg in Spain . In Dennis Viollet and Tommy Taylor , United had two forwards who had already terrorized defenses across the continent , plundering goals for fun . But it was young winger David Pegg who had caused Real the most problems in the first leg , causing the Spaniards to take Manuel Torres on loan in place of Jose Becerril . Torres , considered to be one of the hardest men in Spanish football at the time , was given the task of nullifying the threat posed by the 21-year-old winger . The man who saved Manchester United -- twice It did the trick , too . With Pegg nullified , the attacking prowess of the great Di Stefano , the technically supreme Kopa and the effervescent Rial , Real were far too strong , even with the mud bath of a pitch . The presence of Di Stefano , the European Footballer of the Year in 1957 and 1959 , was an almighty treat for those packed inside Old Trafford . It led to the Manchester Guardian heaping praise on one of the most talented players of his generations , comparing him to legendary orchestra conductors of the day -- Thomas Beecham and John Barbirolli . "  That Di Stefano 's colleagues should play instinctively up to him is no more surprising than that an orchestra should play up to Beecham or Barbirolli , " it read . "  He preserves the balance and dictates the tempo in the same way . His rewards are said to be fabulous . " Unstoppable tidal wave With Di Stefano to the fore , Madrid roared into a two-goal lead within the opening 33 minutes thanks to goals from Kopa and Rial to extend its advantage to 5-1 on aggregate . Having played three league games in six days in the lead up to the tie , United soon grew frustrated despite goals from Taylor and Bobby Charlton leveling the score on the day . Constant fouling and a number of offenses left referee Leo Horn claiming after the match that "  there must have been 50 or 60 infringements . " "  The game itself was not a great spectacle , " Clare recalled . "  Madrid feigned injury , wasted time whenever they could , kicked the ball away into the crowd when United were awarded free-kicks . "  It was really frustrating as back then , you never ever saw those kind of things happen . " Real 's style certainly left its impact , with Duncan Edwards telling the media the experience was "  damn rough , " while United captain Roger Byrne claimed the Spaniards "  lacked sportsmanship . " A raucous Old Trafford crowd booed the visiting players mercilessly at the final outcome , leading Daily Express journalist Desmond Hackett to write how he had "  never felt so ashamed of an English soccer crowd in all my life . " Hackett was left mesmerized by Real and Di Stefano in particular , writing how "  we were left without words to use for that odd man out among the continentals , Alfredo Di Stefano from the Argentine . " What had started as a trickle of optimism had been left submerged by the unstoppable tidal wave of Real 's attacking prowess . Breaking the stranglehold While Real would go on to win the nascent competition for the second year in a row , defeating Fiorentina of Italy in the final , United finished the season as English league champions before losing to Aston Villa in the FA Cup final in front of nearly 100,000 at Wembley . Champions League final tickets reduced Real went on to win the first five editions of the competition , but United 's fortunes were left ruined among the wreckage of the 1958 Munich Air Disaster . Of the 11 players which lined up against Real , six perished in the accident on February 6 when the plane carrying players , staff , journalists and supporters crashed in a blizzard while trying to take off at the third attempt from Munich airport . Byrne , Eddie Colman , Edwards , Pegg , Taylor and Liam Whelan all lost their lives alongside fellow teammates Mark Jones and Geoff Bent . In all , 23 of the 44 passengers lost their lives , while several players and manager Busby suffered physical and mental trauma . It would be 10 years until United met Real again , with just two players in Charlton and Bill Foulkes , both Munich survivors , remaining from the team which had lost out in the previous meeting . On that occasion , inspired by the mercurial talent of George Best , United triumphed , winning 1-0 at home before securing a 3-3 draw in Madrid . Busby 's team would go on to lift the trophy at Wembley after defeating Eusebio 's Benfica 4-1 , just 10 years after the nightmare of Munich . Whether United would have challenged Real 's dominance of European football during the 1950s remains a hypothetical question . Real signed one of the greatest players to have ever stepped onto a football field in the shape of Hungary 's Ferenc Puskas in 1958 and saw off all comers until a Bela Guttmann-inspired Benfica broke the stranglehold in 1961 . Benfica and ` the curse of Bela Guttmann ' "  Would the Madrid team have remained so dominant in Europe had Munich not happened ? I do n't think that they would , " said Clare . "  I think that United were on course to win the European Cup in 1958 . They were such a young vibrant team , who had gained their first season of experience in Europe and had learned a lot from it . "  There was also much more strength in depth at Old Trafford than there was in Madrid . "  People forget that in season 1958-59 , just months after the tragedy , United 's patched-up young team finished runners-up in Division One to champions Wolves -- that was some achievement . "	Manchester United take on Real Madrid in the European Champions League this week The two teams first met back in 1957 when Real prevailed 5-3 on aggregate United boss Matt Busby tried to flood the Old Trafford pitch to make it a mud bath Real launched a protest and threatened to pull out of the contest
CNN  -- The South African slum of Kliptown has long suffered from high rates of unemployment , crime and school dropouts , and the end of apartheid did little to change the situation . But hundreds of children are starting to find hope thanks to Thulani Madondo , who is changing the community through education . Madondo 's nonprofit , the Kliptown Youth Program , provides free academic support , meals and after-school activities to more than 400 children living in the slum . CNN asked Madondo for his thoughts on being chosen as one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 . CNN : What do you hope this recognition will mean for the Kliptown Youth Program ? Thulani Madondo : It means we can continue to grow as an organization , and it has helped us educate people about the life that we live here . Kliptown is one of the very old communities around Soweto , but it 's still lacking in things like schools , electricity , running water . We use communal bathrooms . But this does n't stop the children in our program from continuing to believe in their dreams . The recognition has also taught us that through hard work everything is possible , but it has also brought us a big challenge : We should always be working hard , because we will never know who is watching us ! CNN : What was the reaction when you found out you were a top 10 CNN Hero ? Madondo : KYP people heard me shouting , and they wanted to know what was happening . I immediately told them that we have made it ! They went straight to the computers to double-check . After that , we started singing our KYP songs , celebrating that we are part of history in the making for our country and continent . Tears fell from my eyes , thinking how proud my mom was going to be seeing her struggle paying off to the nation . And I was then touched when a colleague said this achievement is dedicated to my late brother , Xolani Dube , who passed away in April . More from CNN Heroes : Finding ` diamonds ' in Paradise City CNN : How will you use the $ 50,000 award you receive for being selected as a top 10 CNN Hero ? Madondo : Our plan is to build a computer lab , provide school uniforms for the year 2013 and buy a solar geyser  to heat water  for our kitchen . It will also help provide relevant training for our staff so that we can be more competent in the work that we do . We believe that is very important , so our team can also grow with the organization . We want to strengthen the programs that we have , especially the tutorial program . We 've been visiting a number of educational institutions around Johannesburg to see how we can strengthen it , what resources and skills we need . For us to succeed , we need to make sure our tutorial program is strong . CNN : What do you want people to know most about your work ? Madondo : The most important thing that I would like people to know about KYP is that it is an organization that is community-needs driven , and it is led by the youth of Kliptown that want to break the poverty cycle that has existed for many decades . This will be done through formal and nonformal education , where people will be empowered in things they are good at . ... We believe that if people are guided to what they are interested in , that is setting them up for success . Read the full story on CNN Hero Thulani Madondo : Helping ` Kliptown ' kids take control of their future More Q&A s from top 10 Heroes : ' A ray of hope ' where girls did n't count A voice for America 's caregiving kids After losing daughter , dad vows to change culture Seeking justice for Haiti 's rape victims	Thulani Madondo was named one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2012 He grew up in Kliptown , a South African slum outside Johannesburg Now he 's reaching out to hundreds of kids there , providing free academic support Who should be the CNN Hero of the Year ? Cast your vote now !
CNN  -- The Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome will shutter its doors through at least the first quarter of 2011 , the commission that runs the facility said Wednesday . "  The Metropolitan Sports Facilities Commission informed the organizers of every scheduled event through the month of March that the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome will not be available , " Bill Lester , executive director of the MSFC , said in a statement . "  It has become increasingly clear that any repair or replacement scenario for the damaged roof will require at least through the month of March to be completed . " Heavy snow that hit the Midwest earlier in December caused a stunning collapse in the roof of the Metrodome . A full report on the damage and a recommended repair or replacement plan is expected to be completed by the end of January . The Metrodome is home to the Minnesota Vikings and hosts many other events .	A damage and repair estimate is expected by the end of January Heavy snow collapsed the roof in December The Minnesota Vikings play at the Metrodome
CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Jordan warned Wednesday that "  credible information " has been received about a possible imminent threat in the region of the Gulf of Aqaba , the branch of the Red Sea that lies between Egypt , Israel , Jordan , and Saudi Arabia . The embassy warned U.S. citizens to avoid the downtown and port areas of the city of Aqaba , a tourist destination that lies on the Red Sea near the border with Israel . It recommended that all non-official and personal travel to Aqaba be deferred for at least 48 hours . The embassy issued a similar warning last month , after two rockets hit a street near the Intercontinental Hotel in Aqaba on August 2 . News reports said a Jordanian civilian was killed . Rockets were also fired the same day at the Israeli Red Sea resort city of Eilat , according to news reports . However , Ali Al Ayed , Jordan 's minister for media affairs and communications , told the state news agency Petra that the security situation was assessed and is considered stable . He said the U.S. Embassy warnings pertained only to U.S. citizens .	The embassy says it has "  credible information " about a possible threat It warns U.S. citizens to avoid travel to Aqaba for the next two days
Dennis Marx wore body armor and a gas mask . He brandished an assault rifle , an assortment of grenades , "  all kinds of ammunition " and even used his silver Nissan SUV as a weapon of sorts , according to authorities . The 48-year-old man toted his own water supply and flexible handcuffs , presumably to corral hostages once he got inside the north Georgia courthouse . As Forsyth County Sheriff Duane Piper said , "  He came prepared to do this . " But Dennis Marx never even made it inside . A nearly three-minute long gunfight Friday ended with Marx dead , after being confronted by a swarm of law enforcement officers . They seemingly came from everywhere -- from the jail across the street , as part of a SWAT team that happened to be nearby and even inside the courthouse where they busted out windows in order to get more angles to target the attacked . Piper singled out one officer in particular -- a veteran sheriff 's deputy who first confronted Marx , who then tried to run the deputy over -- for his vital part in deterring the attacker . Shot twice in the leg , the deputy was the only person wounded despite what the sheriff called "  a full frontal assault . " "  It was very close to being a major catastrophe , " Piper said . "  The deputy that was shot ... averted what , I think , would have been a lot more deaths . " Swift , significant response to attack Marx was supposed to be at the Forsyth County Courthouse in Cumming . Court documents show he faced 11 felony charges -- 10 of them related to the manufacture , possession and sale of illicit drugs , including marijuana , plus one count of having a firearm while in the commission of a felony -- dating back to August 2011 . According to the sheriff 's office , he was expected to enter a plea Friday before Chief Superior Court Judge Jeffrey Bagley . Needless to say , he never made it . Instead , around 10 a.m. Friday , Marx drove up to the courthouse , threw out "  homemade spike strips " to delay any police response , and tried to run over the deputy , Piper said . The deputy -- a 30-year veteran whose duties include canvassing the scene outside the courthouse -- opened fire , and Marx returned fire through his windshield . He did n't stop with bullets . According to the sheriff , Marx tossed tear gas grenades , smoke grenades and pepper spray grenades -- something he could do more easily with his gas mask strapped on . Despite this barrage of weapons , the sheriff 's deputy was able to distract Marx , to slow him . Even a little delay made a big difference , as officers armed with assault rifles came over from the jail across the street . A SWAT team pulled up about 30 seconds into the firefight and engaged the attacker , according to Piper . The sheriff initially estimated the whole thing took 90 seconds but , after watching more video , he doubled that time . However long it lasted , it ended with Marx dead of multiple gunshot wounds . With eight officers opening fire at one point , authorities do n't yet know which one of them fired the fatal shot . ` He was there to occupy the courthouse ' Afterward , the wounded deputy -- identified by local media as James Daniel Rush -- was transported to a local hospital . There , the officer had surgery for fractures to his fibula and tibia in the lower right leg , injuries Piper said were n't life-threatening . But his colleagues still had to work to do . They went to Marx 's home in Cumming , a small city about 35 northeast of downtown Atlanta , with every expectation that it was booby trapped . As Piper said : "  Last time we were at the home , we were suspicious because it had been booby trapped before . " Once they finally made their way in and cleared the house , they found homemade explosives , according to a law enforcement source . It was n't clear whether those were attempted booby traps . A preliminary investigation found that Marx had n't been in his Cumming home for about 10 days . Besides that , little is known about him beyond that he began working at the Transportation Security Administration in October 2002 , according to a U.S. official , and left either the next year or in 2004 . The sheriff said Friday that he and others were n't ready yet to discuss Marx 's motive or his thinking . That said , Piper said it was evident that Marx "  came prepared to stay a while . " "  We do n't know who he was coming to the courthouse for , but with the flex ties and the restraining devices he had with him , " said the sheriff . "  We have to assume that he was there to occupy the courthouse . " Who is the student who pounded on the Seattle gunman ? Canada shooting : Suspect yelled ` I 'm done ' at time of arrest Navy seals off Virginia military hospital in hunt for stabbing suspect	"  It was very close to being a catastrophe , " sheriff says A deputy underwent surgery after being shot in the leg Dennis Marx was armed with gas grenades , assault rifle , and spike strips , police say Sheriff : Carrying flexible handcuffs , he appeared intent on taking over courthouse
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- World leaders converge Tuesday in New York to focus on climate change , with the clock ticking down toward a summit this year in Denmark , where a global climate change pact is to be signed . In Melbourne , a man dressed as Australia 's prime minister highlights that leaders must "  wake up " to climate change . Negotiations for the global pact have stalled , and Tuesday 's gathering is aimed at jump-starting those talks . Chinese President Hu Jintao , U.S. President Barack Obama , former U.S. Vice President Al Gore , Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , French President Nicolas Sarkozy and Rwandan President Paul Kagame are among the world leaders expected to speak Tuesday . Roundtables are also planned , all with the overarching and generally accepted goal of limiting the rise of Earth 's temperature to within 2 degrees Fahrenheit above its temperature before the industrial revolution . Hu 's speech will be of particular interest , given that his country is the world 's largest emitter of greenhouse gases , analysts said . "  Climate change has the potential to really fundamentally reshape dynamics between these big and significant countries in a way we 've never seen before , " said Julian Wong , a senior energy analyst at the Center for American Progress , a liberal think tank based in Washington , D.C. Leaders are expected to discuss how climate change affects energy , food security , trade , finance and international security , according to the United Nations . "  We have an unprecedented opportunity to prevent climate change from slipping out of control and to jump-start the transformation to a safer , cleaner , more prosperous green economy that benefits all , " said U.N. Secretary-General Ban-Ki-moon . The full-day summit comes before representatives of the world 's largest economies meet Thursday in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , for the Group of 20 summit . CNN 's Emily Chang contributed to this report .	World leaders to converge in New York to focus on climate change Negotiations for a global pact have stalled , gathering aims at jump-start talks Goal is to limit temperature rise to within 2 °F above that before industrial revolution Leaders expected to discuss how climate change affects energy , food security , trade
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is looking to Libya 's rebel movement to decide whether Lockerbie bomber Abdelbeset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi needs to return behind bars , the State Department said Monday . CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson found al Megrahi under the care of his family in his palatial Tripoli villa Sunday , surviving on oxygen and an intravenous drip . The Scottish government has come under fire in recent years for its decision to release al Megrahi from prison in 2009 on the grounds that he had cancer and was not likely to live more than three months . "  Secretary  Hillary  Clinton has made clear , we believe  al Megrahi  should still be behind bars , that the decision to release was not the right decision to make , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Monday . She said the decision is now left to be made by the Libyan rebel movement , the National Transitional Council -- now fighting to quash the last pockets of resistance . "  We need to let them get their feet under themselves as a governing authority and then they have agreed that they will look at this , " Nuland said . "  We asked the  NTC  to , as soon as it can , take a hard look at what it thinks ought to happen with Mr. Megrahi and it has committed to do that . "  This is a new day in Libya . This is a guy with blood on his hands , the lives of innocents . Libya itself under  Moammar  Gadhafi made a hero of this guy . Presumably a new free democratic Libya would have a different attitude towards a convicted terrorist , " Nuland added . "  So it is in that spirit that the  NTC  will look at this case . I can not speak to what decisions will be made . " Earlier Monday , the NTC said there would be no decision made on al Megrahi 's fate until a newly elected government is established in the war-torn country . Al Megrahi was freed from a prison in Scotland in 2009 after serving eight years of a life sentence for blowing up the Pan Am jet , killing all 259 on board and 11 in the town of Lockerbie below . Doctors who had been treating him for prostate cancer gave him just three months to live , and he was released on compassionate grounds . He received a hero 's welcome in Tripoli , enraging many in the United States and Britain . And with the rebel sweep into Tripoli in recent days , politicians on both sides of the Atlantic have called for al Megrahi to be sent back to prison . But the NTC told CNN Monday that the decision will be left to the future elected government of Libya . The statement appeared to back away from comments made a day earlier by NTC Justice Minister Mohammed al-Alagi , who said the rebels would not allow him to be extradited : "  We will not give any Libyan citizen to the West . " Mahmoud Jibril , president of the executive bureau of the National Transitional Council , contacted CNN Monday to clarify what al-Alagi said . "  What Mr. Alagi was talking about was about a legal point , " Jibril told CNN . "  He was not talking about a policy or a position taken by the  National Transitional Council  . So there is a misperception , a misinterpretation of the statement by Mr. Alagi . "  Mr. Alagi can not make a policy statement on behalf of the  NTC  or on behalf of the Libyan people , " Jibril added . "  This will be left to the Libyan people to decide in the future . The  NTC  is an interim body and it can not decide major issues . " He said "  stability and order " in Libya is the top priority for the rebel movement . Meanwhile , the Scottish government Monday took aim at critics of its decision to release the bomber . "  As has always been said , al Megrahi is dying of a terminal disease , " said the Scottish government and the local council that monitors him since his release . "  Speculation about al Megrahi in recent days has been unhelpful , unnecessary and indeed ill-informed , " the government and East Renfrewshire Council said in a statement . The cancer-stricken former Libyan intelligence officer may be the last man alive who knows precisely who in the Libya government authorized the 1988 bombing . Al Megrahi has lived far longer than expected . He made a public appearance with now-fugitive Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi in July , confined to a wheelchair . He has maintained his innocence . With the rebels holding control of many parts of Tripoli , his care has been left up to his son and his mother . "  We just give him oxygen . Nobody gives us any advice , " his son , Khaled al Megrahi , told CNN . "  There is no doctor . There is nobody to ask . We do n't have any phone line to call anybody . "	Rebel movement should "  take a hard look " at Lockerbie bomber , State Department says Release of al Megrahi will be up to elected Libyan government , rebels say Scottish authorities hit back at critics of the release CNN tracks Abdelbeset al Megrahi to his Tripoli villa
CNN  -- A powwow-themed party that critics called a "  perfect storm of bad stereotypes " has led to collaboration between Paul Frank Industries and Native American designers on a new line of clothing and accessories . Pictures from the September event "  Dream Catchin with Paul Frank " traveled fast , showing guests , including singer Christina Milian , in neon headbands , feathers and war paint , sipping drinks with names like Rain Dance Refresher and Neon Teepee . The Native American community and others criticized the brand for hosting a party that encouraged guests to "  play Indian " and misuse symbols of their culture . Taking Native American fashion ` Beyond Buckskin ' and headdresses "  Your event stereotypes and demeans Native cultures , collapsing hundreds of distinct tribal and cultural groups into one ` tribal ' mish-mash , thereby erasing our individual identities and contemporary existence , " Native American blogger Adrienne Keene said in an open letter to Paul Frank LA and Red Light PR on her blog , Native Appropriations . Jessica Metcalfe of the Native fashion blog , Beyond Buckskin , said her initial reaction was shock and disbelief that this level of ignorance occurred at such a highly publicized event . She also demanded an apology from Paul Frank in an open letter on her blog . Paul Frank 's Facebook page was flooded with comments deriding the party , prompting the company to issue an apology . Elie Dekel , President of Saban Brands , which owns Paul Frank Industries , also reached out to Metcalfe and Keene to apologize for the brand 's misrepresentation of Native American culture . Several conversations among Metcalfe , Keene and Dekel led to a solution that would make up for the brand 's mistake and shine light on an underrepresented culture , Dekel said . Native American mascots : Pride or prejudice ? "  This is an opportunity to undo a wrong but also celebrate what we always wanted to celebrate , " Dekel said . Metcalfe and Keene connected the brand with four Native American artists to help design the limited edition line of clothing and accessories . The "  Paul Frank Presents " fashion collaboration will debut in August at an event during the Santa Fe Indian Market in New Mexico , the year 's biggest celebration of contemporary Native arts and culture . No prices or images of the designs have been released yet . Louie Gong , a designer from the Nooksack tribe , will create a tote bag for the line . Gong says his work usually consists of designs on utilitarian items like custom shoes , T-shirts and bags . "  It 's important to recognize that Native Americans are alive and around , " says Gong . "  Subconsciously , people think we are n't around so we do n't have a voice . " Dustin Martin from the Navajo tribe will design graphic T-shirts incorporating Native imagery with the iconic Paul Frank character , Julius the Monkey . "  Point lips , not fingers " will be the theme of his screen print T-shirts , Martin said . The phrase , which is inspired by a Navajo belief that it 's rude to point fingers , reflects how the collaboration came about , he said . The Native community , led by bloggers Metcalfe and Keene , "  pointed their lips toward Paul Frank " and pushed them in the direction toward collaboration , he said . "  The ultimate product is that we are n't just pushing the blame , but giving direction in the right way , " he said . "  Despite whatever comes out about the bad blood that started the collaboration , it 's helped me grow as a professional and artist , " Martin said . "  I really do think they are trying to set a good example . "	Paul Frank hosted a party last year that many deemed offensive to Native Americans The fashion and accessories label apologized , vowed to rectify mistakes Native American bloggers connected brand with four artists from the community Artists will apply their cultural designs to Paul Frank merchandise
CNN  -- On a cold , rainy night in late November , Douglas Wright sat amid brambles and thick East Texas underbrush , watching over the body of his 28-year-old son , Alfred , who had disappeared almost three weeks earlier . "  His spirits got to me : ` Daddy , I knew you would find me , ' " Wright says , recalling the relief that had washed over him . Sabine County sheriff 's deputies had searched for Alfred Wright but did n't find him , and volunteer searchers later found his body , his family says . A medical examiner says the death was accidental , but the family rejects that notion , citing what a different pathologist says appears to be "  severe trauma " to his body . The Texas Rangers and FBI are investigating . Alfred Wright was last seen around dusk on November 7 . The physical therapist was on his way to treat a patient . He had been having trouble with his pickup and pulled into CL&M Grocer , one of the few stores along an isolated stretch of Route 87 . He called his wife , Lauren , and gave her directions to the store . Because their two young sons were home sick , she called his parents , who immediately left on the hourlong drive . What happened next changed everything . "  The last time I called him , I just heard heavy breathing . He was in distress of some sort . He was not responding to anything I was saying , " Lauren Wright says . Around 6 p.m. , Alfred Wright disappeared from where he was last seen alive . When his parents arrived about 20 minutes later , his truck was in the parking lot , but he was nowhere to be seen . His father asked the store clerk what happened . He says she told him that she was out having a smoke when Wright "  all of a sudden put his cell phone in his sock and took off like the truck was going to blow up . " The clerk did not want to be interviewed on camera but did tell CNN that Wright "  left on his own free will , " a phrase she repeated several times . The next day , his personal effects , including his watch and ID , turned up on a nearby ranch . Deputies searched the property with cadaver dogs . His family says it was told by the deputies that Wright 's scent had "  disappeared " at a nearby creek . Four days after Wright vanished , Sabine County Sheriff Thomas Maddox called off the search , telling the family , "  Your son 's just a missing person . My guys are tired . We 've exhausted our resources and funds . We 're done , " family lawyer Ryan MacLeod says . Family members say the sheriff told them that "  there was no foul play " and that Wright 's disappearance was probably "  drug-related , " most likely related to methamphetamine . The sheriff 's daughter and Wright apparently knew each other through their health care jobs , which made the sheriff 's actions even more surprising to the Wrights , who were left to search for their son on their own . He had been missing for 19 days when , during Thanksgiving week , dozens of volunteers did their own search in the cold and rain . Wright 's body was found nearly three weeks after his truck broke down , in an area of the ranch supposedly already searched by deputies . ` He was neatly laid ' Walking to the spot , Douglas Wright describes the position in which his son lay : "  His head was in this area , and his feet was back here . He was just , if I might say , he was neatly laid . He was neatly laid . " Alfred Wright was wearing only boxer shorts , tennis shoes and a single sock , inside of which was his cell phone , just as the clerk had described . The second sock was under the body . "  I was told by the mortician at the autopsy that when they pulled off his left sock , his keys was under his left foot in his shoe , " his father says . "  What was weird about his sock , " says his father , is that it "  was clean , and his sock was pulled up with his phone stuck in it as if he was in a Sunday school class . Neat . His tennis shoes was very clean . " And not just the position of the body seemed strange . "  This is the first thing I noticed -- how smooth his forearms and his back was . No scratches at all , " his father says . After just one day , he and the other volunteers were caked in mud and their clothing torn from brambles , he says . Alfred Wright was missing an ear , two front teeth , and his throat appeared to be cut . The medical examiner attributed the trauma to "  animal and insect activity . " What 's more , in an echo of the sheriff 's prediction , the coroner 's toxicology report described Wright 's body as filled with drugs -- cocaine , meth and amphetamines . His death was ruled "  accidental " due to a "  combined drug intoxication . " His family does n't believe it . Family members say they never saw him do drugs , nor had his personality changed to suggest he was using drugs . They say he was the fun-loving , hardworking father he had always been . They want to know if the drugs entered his body while he was missing . Suspicious of the investigation , the family hired their own pathologist , who ultimately did a separate autopsy and , contrary to the medical examiner , found what appears to be "  severe trauma to the neck and head . " A month after Wright 's body was found , Maddox handed the investigation over to the Texas Rangers . They have called the death "  questionable " and say the autopsy is just one part of an active investigation . The week CNN was in Sabine County , the Texas Rangers announced they had called in the FBI to assist . After Alfred Wright 's death , wife Lauren went through bank records . She found three charges her husband made at local hotels when she and the children were away the month before he died . Texas Rangers are pulling video from one of the hotels to review it for possible evidence . Feds , family seek answers a year after teen 's mysterious death CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report	Alfred Wright was missing for almost three weeks before volunteers found his body A coroner 's report says his body was filled with drugs , and his death was ruled accidental Family members say they never saw him do drugs , nor did his personality suggest that he did Texas Rangers say the death is questionable and have called in the FBI to help investigate
CNN  -- I drive a Saturn . It 's a 4-cylinder , the seats are cloth , and the window sills are permanently caked with dog drool . Which always works out rather well for the guys at the car wash who regularly enjoy the financial benefits of my shame . "  Sir , did something explode ? " "  Here , just take all my money . " But this less-than-spectacular , mid-sized SUV certainly gets the job done . So long as the job does n't call for impressing exotic , beautiful women . For that I rely on my bald head and lush , ginger beard . All this is to say that I 'm a simple man , and at the end of the day my car just needs to do one thing : Get me from Point A to Point B. And preferably without the accelerator getting dangerously stuck at 125 mph on the highway . Because that 's exactly what happened to some poor guy in France who recently had the craziest ride of his life . It was a popular trending story online that quickly made its way across the Atlantic , detailing how Frank Lecerf casually drove off from his home in Pont-de-Metz for a weekly routine trip to the supermarket . Then , suddenly , the speed control on his Renault Laguna -- which was specially modified for a disabled driver -- jammed at 60 mph . This , of course , being in Europe , was actually displayed on his dash in kilometers . However , my brain ca n't handle such a thing , as it requires both math and a basic understanding of the number 10 . Nevertheless , in a panic , the terrified 36-year-old attempted to use the brakes . But the more he tried to stop the vehicle , the faster it went , eventually topping out at 125 mph . That is a truly sensational speed that I could never expect out of my own stupid car unless it somehow managed to free-fall from the International Space Station . But Lecerf was evidently going that fast , completely out of control , with no way to stop . And before you rattle off your brilliant solutions , let 's at least give him the benefit of the doubt that he unsuccessfully attempted to turn off the ignition and/or drop it into neutral . Yet , somehow , despite miraculously keeping control of his car , Lecerf also managed to multitask and make an emergency call from his mobile phone . "  So , uh , what are you wearing ? " Soon , several police cruisers caught up to the runaway car to escort it through traffic , and later assist with three toll plazas where they called ahead to have the gates raised . All things considered , it must have at least been nice to be king for a day . Emergency services even patched him through to an expert engineer at Renault who tried to help . "  Right . Have you tried using the brakes ? " "  Go to hell . " Incredibly , their only hope was for Lecerf to eventually run out of gas . And that 's where this story gets truly amazing . Because it took a while . A long while . About 125 miles and one country later , just over the French border into Belgium , his car finally sputtered dry and crashed into a ditch . Which actually seems like a rather unnecessary ending after you 've already managed to safely avoid tragedy while traversing the entire northern coast of France . "  Welp , might as well dump this thing into a hole . " Lecerf later recounted the seemingly endless horror to the Le Courrier Picard newspaper , describing his emotions during the harrowing journey . "  My life flashed before me , " he said . "  I just wanted it to stop . " And so it did . Amazingly without any casualties . Though the UK 's Guardian newspaper reports that while Lecerf was n't injured , he did suffer two epileptic seizures . Not that we 're keeping score , but surely that ought to count . Regardless , everything more or less worked out in the end , and at least he never went flying off a cliff . For Lecerf adhered to the most basic rule of driving : The tires are the things on your car that make contact with the road . And sometimes , just for fun ... with a ditch in Belgium .	"  Apparently This Matters " is CNN Tech 's weekly , offbeat look at trending topics online This week , Jarrett looks at a 125 mph , out-of-control car ride The French driver maintained control , despite two seizures and two toll booths He clearly should have had a 4-cylinder Saturn -- no 125 mph here
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. is "  receiving intensive medical treatment at a residential treatment facility for a mood disorder , " according to a statement released by the congressman 's office , which attributed the quote to an unidentified doctor . The Illinois Democrat and son of the Rev. Jesse Jackson , the civil rights leader , has not been on Capitol Hill since late May , and in early June his office announced he was taking a leave of absence because he was suffering from a "  medical condition . " Jackson 's office on Wednesday noted that information on Jackson 's status is protected by federal law , as is the information of all medical patients . At the same time , the congressman 's office released what it said was a statement from Jackson 's doctor . Jackson 's office declined to give the doctor 's name . The doctor also was quoted as saying Jackson "  is responding positively to treatment and is expected to make a full recovery . " Depression in the workplace : Do n't ask , do n't tell ? According to the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , "  mood disorder " is a broad term covering a variety of neurobiological abnormalities that can include a major depressive episode , bipolar disorder and catatonia . "  Generally speaking , to be diagnosed with a mood disorder , your feelings must be intense , with the patient feeling either depressed , or having excessive energy for days at a time , where sleep is not needed and decision-making can be significantly hindered , or one can fluctuate between both extremes , " said Nancy Molitor , a psychologist in private practice in Wilmette , Illinois , and assistant clinical professor of psychiatry and behavioral science at Northwestern University School of Medicine in Chicago . Jackson 's illness comes as the House Ethics Committee is examining allegations that in 2008 he or one of his associates offered to raise funds for then-Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich in exchange for the Senate seat vacated by President Barack Obama going to Jackson . Pelosi : Jackson should take all the time he needs Jackson has maintained his innocence and pledged to continue to cooperate with authorities . "  I did nothing illegal , unethical or inappropriate in that pursuit , and I believe that is what the Ethics Committee will conclude at the end of this process , " he said . In a separate incident , Jackson apologized to his constituents in September 2010 , after the Chicago Sun-Times reported that a Chicago businessman told federal investigators that Jackson had asked him to pay for a restaurant hostess to fly between Washington and Chicago several times . He said he was "  deeply sorry " that he had "  disappointed some supporters . " A life shaped by history Earlier Wednesday , before Jackson 's office released the statement about his health , Democrats in the House of Representatives aired differing views on whether the younger Jackson should reveal the details behind his leave of absence . House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , said Jackson should disclose information on his own timetable , but Steny Hoyer of Maryland , the House minority whip , said more information should be provided . "  He 's obviously facing a health problem , " Hoyer said Wednesday in response to a question from CNN . "  People get sick . And when people get sick , they miss work . Everybody in America understands that , but I think the family would be well-advised to give his constituents as much information as is appropriate . " It was a direct message from a House Democratic leader who had been reluctant , until now , to publicly press Jackson for more detail . Rep. Jackson 's ailments ` more serious ' than ` initially believed ' The chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus told reporters Wednesday he has spoken several times with members of Jackson 's "  blood family " and is confident Jackson will return from his leave of absence . Rep. Emanuel Cleaver , D-Missouri , said there was no urgency for Jackson or his family to come forward with any details about the absence . Cleaver told reporters outside the House chamber that "  when the people in his district have become concerned , then Congressman Jackson will respond , but so far there is no evidence that there is upheaval in his congressional district . " Added Cleaver : "  He 's fine . He 's an old football player -- he 'll be back . " Cleaver made it clear he is in regular contact with Jackson 's family , not directly with Jackson himself . "  It 's frustrating and upsetting to me " that other Democrats on Capitol Hill have called on Jackson to provide more information , Cleaver said . Every member of Congress deserves privacy , he added , and he cited Congress ' vote on a law that keeps medical information confidential . "  This is not about a congressman . This is about a human being who is sick . This is not a political matter ; it 's a health matter , " he said . Cleaver said Jackson 's situation was discussed at the weekly Congressional Black Caucus lunch on Wednesday and added that caucus members were alarmed that other Democrats were urging the family to provide more information . "  We all agreed today , 100 % , that that should not be the way in which we deal with members of Congress who get ill , " Cleaver said . Pressure began mounting on Jackson , a nine-term representative , on Tuesday after comments to reporters in Chicago by fellow Illinois Democrat Sen. Dick Durbin . "  As a public official ... there reaches a point when you have a responsibility to tell people what you 're facing and how things are going . Sen. Kirk has done that , and I think Congressman Jackson will face that , too , " Durbin said . Earlier this year , Sen. Mark Kirk , R-Illinois , suffered a stroke . He is still recovering and his office continues to give updates on his progress . More questions arose late last week , when Jackson communications director Frank Watkins said , "  Congressman Jackson 's medical condition is more serious than we thought and initially believed . " "  We have been made aware that he has grappled with certain physical and emotional ailments privately for a long period of time , " Watkins said . Initially , Jackson 's office said the congressman was suffering from "  exhaustion . " House Ethics Committee finds ` probable cause ' to suspect Jackson misconduct CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report	Jackson 's office releases what it says is statement from congressman 's doctor Colleagues in the House split on how much information Jackson should reveal The nine-term congressman has n't appeared in the House since late May
CARACAS , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuela temporarily seized a pasta-making plant Friday belonging to U.S.-based food giant Cargill , citing a production quota dispute . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez 's government takes over a Cargill plant for the second time in recent months . Rafael Coronado , Venezuela 's deputy minister for food , announced the takeover live on the state-run Venezolana de Television channel . He said the plant did not meet production levels for pasta sold at lower , government-mandated prices . An inspection of the plant Thursday found that 41 percent of its pasta met the government-established level , Coronado said at a news conference in front of the food plant . Fifty-nine percent was "  out of regulation , " he said . The Venezuelan government will take over the plant for 90 days , he said , and then will determine what steps to take next . It was the second time in recent months that the government of left-wing President Hugo Chavez has taken over a Cargill plant . Chavez announced in March that he had ordered the takeover of a Cargill rice plant . Cargill spokesman Mark Klein said Friday afternoon the Minnesota-based company did not have an immediate comment . But Klein said in March , when the rice plant was taken over , that Cargill "  is committed to the production of food in Venezuela that complies with all laws and regulations . " Cargill has been doing business in Venezuela since 1986 , according to the company 's Web site . Its operations include oilseed processing , grain and oilseed trading , animal feed , salt , and financial and risk management . The company has 2,000 employees in 22 locations in Venezuela , the Web site says .	Venezuela cites production quota dispute in takeover of pasta-making plant Government will take over plant belonging to Cargill for 90 days Minnesota-based food giant has no immediate comment on seizure Cargill rice plant seized by President Hugo Chavez 's government in March
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Nearly seven years after the remains of federal intern Chandra Levy were found in a Washington park , a jailed laborer from El Salvador faces a murder charge in her death , authorities said Tuesday . Ingmar Guandique is serving a 10-year sentence for two assaults in the park where Levy 's body was found . A judge on Tuesday signed an arrest warrant for Ingmar Guandique , 27 , who is serving a 10-year sentence for two assaults in Rock Creek Park that occurred around the time of Levy 's disappearance . Her remains were found in Rock Creek Park about a year after she was reported missing . "  We believe Levy was a random victim of Guandique , who attacked and killed her as she jogged in Rock Creek Park , " said Jeffrey Taylor , U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia . Guandique 's public defenders said the case was far from over , and urged the public not to jump to conclusions . "  This flawed investigation , characterized by the many mistakes and missteps of the Metropolitan Police Department and every federal agency that has attempted to solve this case , will not end with the simple issuance of an arrest warrant against Mr. Guandique , " the federal public defender 's office said in a statement ... We look forward to trying this case before unbiased jurors who will not rush to judgment . " Guandique faces a first-degree murder charge . A conviction on the charge would bring a mandatory sentence of 30 to 60 years in prison , Taylor said . The massive publicity surrounding the Levy case was largely a result of her romantic affair to then-Rep . Gary Condit , a California Democrat . Police questioned Condit many times in connection with the slaying , but the congressman was never considered a suspect . Watch the police announce arrest " A California native working as an intern for the Federal Bureau of Prisons , Levy , 24 , disappeared May 1 , 2001 . Her remains were found in May 2002 by a man walking his dog in a remote area of the park . Guandique has been imprisoned at the Federal Correctional Institution-Victorville , a medium-security facility northeast of Los Angeles , California . Officials hope to transfer him from California to the nation 's capital in 45 to 60 days . He 's serving his sentence on the two assault convictions in California because there are no prisons in the District of Columbia . Those convicted of federal crimes in the capital are sent to various federal prisons across the country . Guandique was considered a person of interest in 2002 in connection with Levy 's death , authorities said Tuesday . Before the new charges , his projected release date from prison was October 5 , 2011 . According to officials at Tuesday 's news conference -- and the affidavit supporting the arrest warrant for Guandique -- circumstantial evidence played a large role in the case . Authorities presented no evidence Tuesday of anyone seeing Guandique and Levy together . Timeline of Levy 's disappearance " But the affidavit said a witness reported seeing and running from a man in the park , and she said she believed that occurred on the same day as Levy disappeared . Upon seeing a photograph of Guandique in the interim , the woman thought he looked like the man who followed her in the park , the affidavit said . Another witness reported seeing Guandique with "  a fat lip and scratches on his face " about the time of Levy 's disappearance , the affidavit said . The witness added that Guandique said he was injured by his girlfriend during an argument . Interviewed by police , Guandique 's girlfriend at the time said that while he was violent with her on occasion , "  at no time during any of the arguments or fights did -LSB- she -RSB- ever strike Guandique or cause any injuries to his face or neck . " Two other witnesses reported that Guandique told them he committed crimes against women , including rape and murder , according to the affidavit . And another witness last month told police Guandique admitted his involvement in Levy 's killing , as well as that he tried to rape two other women in the park at knifepoint , the affidavit said . When news emerged last month that Guandique 's arrest was imminent in the Levy case , the same witness told police Guandique "  became very anxious and said something to the effect of , ' -LSB- Expletive -RSB- , it 's over . They got me now . What am I gon na do ? ' " Authorities searching Guandique 's cell in California in September found a photograph of Levy that apparently had been taken from a magazine , the affidavit said . Speaking last month as news emerged that an arrest in the case was imminent , Levy 's mother , Susan , said , "  It 's a bittersweet situation for me as the mother of a daughter who is no longer here . I want justice . I want to know that the person who did it is in jail and will not do it to anybody else . " She added , "  Every day the elephant is there . Every day you get a knot in your stomach . It does n't go away . It 's a life sentence for the families and relatives that miss their loved ones . We have a life sentence of hurt . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Affidavit says suspect told fellow inmate last month "  They got me now " NEW : Witness told police she saw man resembling suspect in park , affidavit says Ingmar Guandique is serving a 10-year prison sentence for two assaults Levy disappeared in May 2001 ; her body was found a year later
London  CNN  The Sun , Britain 's best-selling newspaper , may finally be ditching its topless Page 3 models after all these years . Last Friday 's print edition of The Sun was the last to feature a bare-breasted woman , ending one of British journalism 's most controversial traditions after 45 years , according to The Times , the tabloid 's sister paper . The Sun refused to confirm the report on Tuesday . "  It 's all speculation by people who do n't work on the newspaper , " a spokesman told CNN . "  We regularly mix it up , there 's no hard and fast rule . " Despite The Sun 's denial , the women featured on the third page of this week 's editions have indeed covered up -- model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley posing in lingerie on Monday , and bikini-clad soap opera stars frolicking on the beach on Tuesday . An overhaul of the most infamous page in the country would be seen as the end of an era and a victory for critics who have derided Page 3 as a sexist anachronism in a society that has moved on since 1970 , when Rupert Murdoch launched the feature shortly after purchasing the paper . Stephanie Rahn , a 20-year-old German supermodel , was the first to strip off for the paper in November 1970 . Page 3 quickly became an institution and "  Page 3 girl " entered the British vernacular . The topless pics were credited by some for giving a boost to The Sun 's circulation figures , as well as launching the careers of a number of glamor models over the years , including Melinda Messenger , Samantha Fox and Katie Price . But Murdoch had come under increasing pressure since 2012 , when the No More Page 3 campaign -- whose slogan is "  Boobs are n't News " -- demanded that The Sun 's editors kill the page . The group 's online petition has attracted more than 217,000 signatures since its launch . Murdoch , the media tycoon who also owns 21st Century Fox , seemed to indicate that change could be on the way when he branded Page 3 "  old fashioned " in a tweet last September . A spokeswoman for No More Page 3 expressed delight about the rumors but said The Sun needed to go even further . "  We 're really pleased , it 's a definite step in the right direction , " Laura Ashton told CNN . "  It kind of depends a bit as well what they replace it with -- if it continues to be women in bikinis then it 's still women being objectified , and we do n't really think there 's any place for that in a national newspaper , so the campaign will continue . " Ashton also had her own idea for what Page 3 could feature in the future : "  I 'd love to see a celebration of women -- The Sun 's in a really unique position here where they could turn things around after 45 years of giving us sexist images . They could celebrate women in sport , or some other way in which women contribute to society . " No More Page 3 was launched by Lucy-Ann Holmes in the summer of 2012 after the writer and actress noticed that the "  largest female image in The Sun newspaper was of a young woman showing her breasts for men , even though Jessica Ennis had won her tremendous Gold Medal in the London Olympics . " Although topless shots may no longer grace the paper 's print edition , the group 's campaign is far from over . The tradition lives on at The Sun 's Page 3 website , and the Daily Star , another British tabloid , was still featuring naked models on page 3 as of Tuesday .	The Times reports that The Sun is dropping topless Page 3 models after 45 years Rupert Murdoch , the paper 's owner , called the controversial tradition "  old fashioned " in September Critics call reports of Page 3 's demise "  a step in the right direction "
CNN  -- Fierce fighting in eastern Ukraine has forced authorities to suspend the search for victims who died when Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot out of the sky . "  The Dutch mission at the crash site of MH17 has stopped , " Prime Minister Mark Rutte told reporters Wednesday . Search teams plan to return to the plane crash site , Rutte said . But he did n't give a date of when that might happen . "  We have done what we could do in the current conditions , " Rutte said . "  Everyone will agree with us that we should not expose our people to unnecessary risk . " Putin issues retaliatory ban on food imports Constant shelling was heard north of Donetsk on Wednesday evening . And small-arms fire came very close to the investigation team at the crash site Wednesday , forcing them to withdraw from the site , said Pieter-Jaap Aalbersberg , head of the recovery mission . Searchers are disappointed they have n't been able to complete their mission , he said . But he said they did make significant headway , recovering human remains and personal belongings like photo albums , diaries and toys . "  We aim to return to the crash site as soon as we have the opportunity to work there for a longer period under stable conditions , " he said . Uptick in Donetsk violence Ukrainian forces continued their attempt to take back control of the restive city of Donetsk from pro-Russian separatists Wednesday . Russia 's Foreign Ministry claimed in a statement Monday that the Ukrainian military was firing missiles and using multiple rocket systems in and around the city . It accused Ukraine 's government of wanting to continue the war and called for talks to find a political solution to the crisis . With escalated fighting and Ukrainian forces making gains , the Russian deployment at the border could portend an intervention under the banner of a peacekeeping operation . Russia asked the U.N. Security Council on Tuesday for an emergency hearing on the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine Russian troop buildup The buildup of Russian troops along the Ukraine border is raising concerns that Moscow might be contemplating another intervention similar to the one that annexed Crimea earlier this year . According to a NATO official , Russia now has about 20,000 troops stationed "  in an area along the entire border with eastern Ukraine . " The buildup nearly doubled the troop deployment in the past week by adding 8,000 more forces to 12,000 already there , the official said . In addition , Russia 's Defense Ministry is staging a week of military exercises involving air troops and anti-missile defense forces . The exercises are taking place in Russia 's southern Astrakhan region , roughly 500 miles from the border with Ukraine . Similar military exercises preceded Russia 's annexation of Crimea in March , which escalated the Ukraine conflict after the ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych a month earlier . Refugees flee conflict The ongoing fighting has killed close to 1,400 people -- civilians and combatants -- and more than 4,000 people have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April , according to U.N. officials . The fighting has also forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes and seek shelter either elsewhere in Ukraine or across the border in Russia . The U.N. refugee agency , the UNHCR , said Tuesday that the Russian authorities estimate that around 730,000 Ukrainians have sought sanctuary in Russia this year under a visa-free travel program . This includes more than 168,000 who have reported to Russia 's Federal Migration Service . UNHCR 's European director , Vincent Cochetel , told journalists in Geneva that about 80 % of the Ukrainians who have fled to Russia are staying in border areas , while others are with friends or family in other parts of the country . Many people in eastern Ukraine are Russian-speaking and have strong ties to Russia . At the same time , nearly 118,000 people are reported to be internally displaced , most of them from eastern Ukraine , based on information given to the UNHCR by Ukrainian authorities and local NGOs . "  In the past seven days more than 6,200 people have been forced from their homes , " Cochetel said . Many have fled with limited possessions , some driven out by the destruction of homes and infrastructure , while others say they fear being caught in the crossfire or suffering persecution . John Ging , operations director of the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , called on all sides Tuesday to allow people to move freely and safely . "  The humanitarian situation is deteriorating , and the worrying increase in violence in urban areas puts a greater number of people at risk . "  Until violence is ended , we will continue to see an increase in human suffering , and in the number of people displaced . Immediate action is required to prevent this crisis from worsening , " he said , according to prepared remarks . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? CNN 's Mick Krever and Anna Maja Rappard contributed to this story	Search for MH17 victims was halted because of fighting near the crash site Ukrainian government forces are closing in on pro-Russian separatists in Donetsk Russia asks Security Council for hearing on humanitarian crisis in Ukraine Russian troops could portend an intervention under the banner of a peacekeeping operation
CNN  A documentary on the life of late singer Amy Winehouse will be released in Britain on July 3 , just weeks before the fourth anniversary of her death , the film 's production company says . "  Amy " seeks to "  truly capture not just the great artist that she was , but also the funny and loving person that most people did n't get a chance to know , " the filmmakers said on Facebook after announcing the film in 2013 . It will feature "  extensive unseen archive footage and previously unheard tracks , " Deadline reported Wednesday . No U.S. release date has been set , Deadline reported . Despite releasing just two albums before her death of alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23 , 2011 , the British singer 's smoky voice and songwriting won widespread acclaim and six Grammy Awards . "  Amy " follows a poorly received biopic , "  Fallen Star , " released in 2013 . The film was not authorized by the family and , unlike "  Amy , " featured none of the star 's music . Winehouse 's father , Mitch Winehouse , called that film "  rubbish . " The team behind the new film includes Asif Kapadia , who directed the documentary "  Senna , " on the life of Brazilian Formula 1 racer Ayrton Senna . The film won two BAFTA awards . The Winehouse family said in a 2013 statement that it was behind Kapadia 's take on the singer 's life . "  The award-winning producers of Senna presented a vision that would look at Amy 's story sensitively , honestly and without sensationalising her , " the family statement said . "  We want this to be a tribute to her musical legacy . " A life cut short : Remembering the tragedy of Amy Winehouse	Film on troubled singer 's life to be released in the UK on July 3 No U.S. release date has been set , Deadline reports
CNN  -- If the excessive lifestyles of the rich have been partly to blame for destroying the environment , then it seems equitable that they use their money to preserve it . But the degree to which they are actually helping does largely depend on what they do with their money . And some ` beneficiaries ' of that aid are yet to be convinced . Richard Branson , Bill Clinton and Al Gore at the Clinton Global Initiative last September . According to last year 's Merrill Lynch survey of the world 's wealth , there are 9.5 million U.S. dollar millionaires in the world today , who have pocketed a cool $ 37.2 trillion between them . By 2011 , Merrill Lynch says , this tiny  but growing  group of people will have more than $ 50 trillion in their bank accounts . That money could go a long way to aid the fight against climate change and the different ills it brings . Fortunately , a modest proportion of this exclusive group of people have realized this . Around 11 percent of the world 's richest gave 7 percent of their wealth to philanthropic causes in 2006 ; and 17 percent of the world 's "  ultra rich "  those with more than $ 30 million to their names  gave 10 percent , says Merrill Lynch . In total those donations totaled $ 285 billion . Some of the more notable donors are household names : Bill Gates , Warren Buffet and Richard Branson all dug deep into their pockets in the name of doing good , the latter specifically promising $ 3 billion to fight global warming over the next 10 years . Ted Turner , George Soros and Luciano Benetton have also contributed , notably buying land in South America in the name of conservation . Turner , the founder of CNN , owns more than 100,000 acres of land there ; Benetton owns 2 million acres ; Soros 1 million . If you accept the fact that much of the world 's environmental ills have landed on the shoulders of the world 's poorest nations , then this looks like a match made in heaven . "  It is pretty hard for a country to turn down a gift of 300,000 hectares , " Doug Tompkins , founder of clothing chain Esprit , told one reporter recently . Tompkins and his wife , Kristine McDivitt , former CEO of Patagonia clothing company , specialize in investing in national parks in South America and own around 900,000 hectares of Chilean and Argentinean land between them . With the amount of money and influence these individuals possess , one key advantage they have is that they can get things done -- and quickly . Dutch philanthropist Paul Fentener van Vlissingen , for example , brought South Africa 's Marakele National Park to life in "  barely two years " by investing millions of dollars of his own money in it , completing a job "  that would likely have taken more than a decade without his backing " reports The Age . Philanthropy can spur backlash But not everyone welcomes the foreign assistance . The implication that foreigners can do a better job than those in the host country receiving the aid has been taken as an insult by some . And it has aroused suspicion elsewhere . In the 1990s Tompkins drew ire in Chile , including the Catholic Church and former president Eduardo Frei . The accusations against him ranged from from kicking workers off his land , promoting abortion , and creating a "  Zionist enclave , " according to the Natural Resources Defense Council . When it comes to rain forests there is also a degree of concern among some environmental groups that any system that allows individuals to take ownership of vast swathes of environmentally crucial land is bound to be flawed . In the case of the Amazon rain forest , Survival International has expressed concerns over the future of the rain forest inhabitants , the indigenous people . The organization points out that if the world really wanted to protect the rain forests , it would just leave them alone and let the people who have been protecting them for centuries carry on doing what they do best . "  The forest can not be bought , it is our life ; we have always protected it , " tribal leader Davi Kopenawa told the Guardian newspaper recently . Pragmatists would argue there are many ways to "  protect " a rain forest . Yes , leaving them alone is the ideal solution . But when cash-strapped governments face ongoing pressure from logging companies , mining companies , not to mention the agricultural lobby to convert the land for other uses , there is only one thing that really counts : Money . And indigenous groups do n't have any . So , the argument goes , better a philanthropist own the land than a business interest . The business of giving A philanthropist deciding to do charitable work does not by itself guarantee successful results . Much can depend on the philanthropist doing the "  right thing " with their money . George Soros , for example , could be seen as either an environmental savior or an eco-villain , depending on one 's view of biofuels . The philanthropist manages more than 170,000 hectares of Argentinean land , but his latest venture -- worth reportedly up to $ 300 million -- is to produce biofuel from corn and sugar cane grown in Brazil 's Cerrado . That area of land is among the most endangered on Earth , with deforestation rates easily eclipsing that of the Amazon , according to Conservation International . More than 50 percent of the Cerrado has been converted to farm land in less than four decades and there are genuine fears that by 2030 , all remaining natural vegetation will have disappeared , reports the Washington Post . There will be one predominant reason for this if that happens : Worldwide demand for ethanol . It should not be forgotten that the art of giving is a business , too . Some of the favored destinations for philanthropic spending have been in areas of the world offering the potential for the biggest returns . It was the collapse of the peso which led to a collapse in land prices in Argentina that helped remote Patagonia become such a favored investment destination for the world 's wealthiest . Equally , if the price is n't right , environmental concern can go out the window . Cameroon has been trying to lease 830,000 hectares of its rain forest since 2001 in an attempt to raise capital and do the right thing at the same time . It could easily lease it to logging companies , but prefers not to , according to The Economist . The problem is , Cameroon ca n't find a buyer , as no one has been willing to pay the asking rate of $ 2 a hectare , which would work out at a mere $ 1.6 million a year . "  The fine words of the rich-world 's armchair conservationists butter few parsnips in the poor world , " writes The Economist . "  Here is a good opportunity to spread some butter . " E-mail to a friend Sources : Merrill Lynch ; The Guardian ; Treehugger ; The Age ; "  Generation Deluxe : Consumerism and Philanthropy of the New Super Rich " ; Natural Resources Defense Council ; Washington Post ; Los Angeles Times	An estimated 9.5 millionaires in world are worth $ 37.2 trillion , Merrill Lynch reports World 's elite rich gave an estimated $ 285 billion to charity in 2006 Philanthropy can spur a backlash from host nations
Mexico City  CNN  -- A snack food truck driver was in a Mexican hospital Friday after his vehicle was set on fire , the latest in a string of attacks on his employer , a company spokeswoman said . "  We do not know who is responsible for this act or what their motive may have been , " said Aurora Gonzalez , a spokeswoman for PepsiCo , the owner of the Mexican snack food distributor Sabritas . "  Sabritas is deeply concerned that any employee would be put in danger or harmed . " The 29-year-old driver suffered burns over 70 % of his body , officials said . Last weekend , five Sabritas distribution centers were set alight and about 40 delivery trucks were destroyed in the states of Michoacan and Guanajuato , the site of a turf war between cartels . Sabritas distributes snacks , including Cheetos , Fritos , Ruffles and Doritos . It says it controls 80 % of the snack market in Mexico . Drug cartel members have posted banners saying the snack company let law enforcement agents use its trucks for surveillance , a charge Gonzalez denied . "  Sabritas is a food company that uses its facilities and other privately owned assets to make , move and sell our products to our customers and consumers , " she said . Mexico 's vice minister of the interior , Obdulio Avila , said authorities have been in touch with officials from PepsiCo and other companies about what they are doing to protect businesses . "  We will not allow organized crime to threaten any person or company in our country , " he said . "  The federal government will take all the action necessary to bring to justice those criminals who threaten the source of income for the Mexican people . " This week , the U.S. State Department condemned the attacks on the U.S.-owned company and said government officials have been in touch with PepsiCo and Mexican authorities . "  The United States will continue to assist Mexico 's efforts to disrupt and dismantle criminal organizations in strict accordance with Mexican law and with respect for Mexican sovereignty , " the State Department said in a statement . Sabritas was founded in 1943 and was acquired by PepsiCo in 1966 . CNN 's Rafael Romo and Nick Parker contributed to this report	Thursday night 's victim is hospitalized with extensive burns Last weekend , five of the company 's distribution centers were set ablaze The Interior Ministry vows to protect businesses U.S. State Department condemns the attacks
OPRAH.COM  -- Here 's a little fact of life that took me by surprise : Roughly 23 million women in this country are 40 to 49 years of age and about 6,000 of us turn 50 every single day . We are a thoroughly undefined constituency . Some of us are what the wonderful Wendy Wasserstein used to call "  bachelor girls , " some of us are married , and a lot of us have had trial separations that seemed to go just fine ... at least for the husband  with the struggling rock band  , who went on to become the ex-husband  with the thriving law practice  . Many of us have demanding kids or aging parents or a little of each . We juggle jobs , mortgages , student loans , and cancer treatments with low-fat diets , low-impact aerobics , low-grade depressions , a strong sense of irony , a dark sense of humor , and a full-bodied cabernet . We are tired . We are very tired -- we 've thought seriously about penciling in a nervous breakdown for ourselves , but we 've been through everything the world has to throw at us so many times that it 's damn near impossible to get nervous about much of anything . Despite  or perhaps because of  all the coulda , woulda , shoulda moments that have come and gone , we 've learned how to have a good laugh , an impromptu party , and an impure thought  or two  on a semiregular basis . We consider our options , our alternatives , our exit strategies . We take notes , we plan ahead , but we always leave room for serendipity . We are an entire generation of women who are making up our lives as we go along . Oprah.com : What Oprah has learned though the years I know that it 's human nature to want to glorify the past and preserve it in a delicious , if often inaccurate , cotton-candied haze . But the truth is that part of me  that would be the part of me that now needs an underwire bra and a pair of Spanx  really does miss my 20s . I still had that new car smell . I still thought terrorism would stay confined to the other side of the world . On the home front , I still kept standing up for brides  as if they needed my assistance to stand  while waiting politely for it to be my turn . And because it never occurred to me that my turn would n't come , I devoted an inordinate amount of time to trying to decide whether my wedding gown should be white or ecru -- by the time I hit 35 , I 'd have been okay with paisley . The Web had not gone mainstream when I was in my 20s , so any surfing I did  and coming from Detroit , that was n't much  was in the ocean . And I grant you , my rearview mirror might be a little bit rose-tinted , but if memory serves , those oceans were fairly clean . Come to think of it , the glaciers were glacial , the bees were alive and well , a can of tuna did n't require a warning from the surgeon general , and the climate was n't making any sudden moves . Color me crazy , but I 've always been a sucker for a nice solid layer of ozone parking itself between me and a death ray . I 'm also a great believer in time off for good behavior . I crave solitude . I like being unreachable once in a while , and in those days it was no big deal if somebody could n't track you down for half an hour . You see , in the 1980s , we did n't know from e-mail or cell phones or Facebook or GPS , and a BlackBerry was nothing more complicated than a healthy treat that was high in antioxidants -- only guess what ? Nobody had ever heard of antioxidants . I did n't need a baby aspirin every night or a Lipitor every morning . And I swear to God  that 's another thing , God was still around when I was in my 20s  , the closest anybody seemed to come to a genuine eating disorder was picking at a mixed green salad on a blind date until it was okay to go home and scarf down the contents of your refrigerator . But before I start turning into my great-uncle Saul , who never fails to tell me how he could 've bought the entire Upper East Side of Manhattan for $ 225 back in 1936  "  when an ear of corn still tasted like an ear of corn "  , let me say this : As much as I miss those days , I 'm delighted and relieved to be done with being young . One quick glance in the mirror is all I need to know that time is most definitely a thief . Wait , strike that : One glance and I usually think I 'm holding up pretty well -- it 's upon closer inspection , that moment when I take a deep breath , put on my glasses , and turn up the dimmer switch , that I 'm reminded gravity is not my friend . But if time has robbed me of a little elasticity and a lot of naïveté , it 's left a few things in their place . Thanks to nearly 48 years at the big dance , a million mistakes , and one extraordinary psychiatrist , I 've finally achieved the occasional touch of clarity . I 'm getting to be resourceful . I 'm getting to be resilient , and I hope that on my better days , I 'm getting to be a little more calm , a little more contemplative , a little more compassionate . Oprah.com : How to make your midlife matter Sometimes I think being middle-aged is n't about learning a lot of new lessons so much as learning the same old ones again and again . Here are a few of the lessons I keep learning : • It is never a good thing when a shrinking portion of the population controls a growing portion of the money . It tends to make incredibly decent , hardworking , middle-class people sort of jumpy , and the next thing you know Kirsten Dunst is playing Marie Antoinette in a Sofia Coppola extravaganza . • Anyone who looks okay in ochre will look even better not in ochre . • War and famine bad , James Franco and spaghetti carbonara good . • What does n't kill me does not make me stronger . It makes me anxious , bitchy , and vulnerable ... but nobody wants to see that embroidered on a pillow . • This is n't exactly an old lesson I keep learning , but given that I 'm lucky enough to have my own column , I 'd like to use it to set right an unfortunate mistake . Remember a few years ago when we all got together and decided that sleep was the new sex ? I 've come to believe that we were dead wrong . What do you say we make actual ouch-you 're - on-my-hair , did-you-hear-the-baby , jeez-that-was-my-eye , messy , intimate , life-affirming , really , really fun sex the new sex ?! Because here 's the thing : Between the economy , the environment , and the powder keg that is Pakistan , nobody 's getting any sleep anyway -- so as long as we 're all lying there wide awake ... • Dorothy Parker was a genius . She wrote a gem of a poem called "  Indian Summer . " It 's very short , but I 'm low on space , so I 'll just cut to the end : But now I know the things I know , And do the things I do ; And if you do not like me so , To hell , my love , with you ! Bravo , Ms. Parker . And , finally , deep into my 40s , I could n't agree with you more . By Lisa Kogan from O , The Oprah Magazine , February 2009 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Columnist Lisa Kogan heads toward 50s with fond look back at younger years Back then , she still had her "  new car smell " and could enjoy solitude Says women in her generation are tired , considering scheduling a breakdown But since no one is sleeping these days , she 'd like life-affirming , really fun sex
Washington  CNN  -- Without Huma Abedin publicly forgiving him , it is unlikely that Anthony Weiner would be running to become New York 's next mayor . "  If his wife had not been by his side , Weiner 's hot dog would be cooked , " said Ana Navarro , a Republican political consultant and CNN contributor . From the start of Weiner 's campaign , Huma Abedin 's blessing had been critical . Once Weiner acknowledged a desire to run for mayor , a year after the former New York congressman resigned over a sexting scandal in 2011 , Abedin blessed her husband 's political aspirations in a number of high profile interviews . Borger : Weiner 's problem is our problem , too And on Tuesday , after another round of sexting allegations emerged , Abedin once again stood beside him and publicly announced her forgiveness . "  It took a lot of work and a whole lot of therapy to get to a place where I could forgive Anthony , " Abedin said . "  It was not an easy choice in any way , but I made the decision that it was worth staying in this marriage . " Huma Abedin steps from scandal 's shadow into spotlight Political consultants , psychologists and crisis communicators all give different opinions on why Abedin , a powerful Washington adviser and close confidant to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , publicly forgave her husband . But by standing next to Weiner on Tuesday , Abedin joins a long line of political wives -- including Clinton , her mentor -- who stood next to their men as they answered questions about sexual impropriety . Winning back trust -- from your wife Most experts said if Abedin had n't stood next to him , Weiner 's campaign for mayor could have been finished . Instead the campaign is severely damaged , but not irreparably . "  From a communication standpoint , I or any other person in my field would say the same thing . Tell the truth , get your wife up there with you , get her support and win the election , " crisis communication expert Robbie Vorhaus said . Vorhaus said that winning the support of the person closest to you -- the person whose trust you damaged the most -- is the most important part of that formula . Opinion : Why does Weiner 's wife stay ? "  Once you have a wife , a spouse , standing up there and saying , ' I forgive him , ' what right do we have , theoretically , to hold it against him , " Vorhaus said . "  The truth is the ultimate spin and if he comes out and says , ' I made a mistake , I made my peace with my wife and she has forgiven me and now I want to be mayor of New York . ' What do you , as a voter , say ? " Calls for ` Carlos Danger ' to step aside pour in Does a wife 's blessing help make a political comeback ? "  Yes , it is critical , " said Don Goldberg , a former adviser to President Bill Clinton and a partner at the Bluetext communications company . But that might be changing , he said . "  I think we are in a real transition period here , " he said . As proof , Goldberg points to newly elected Republican U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford of South Carolina . After the then-governor admitted to sneaking away to Argentina to be with his mistress in June 2009 , Jenny Sanford moved out of the governor 's mansion and later divorced him . But Sanford , after offering a mea culpa to the people of South Carolina , triumphed in special election last month . "  I think the conventional wisdom that the wife has to be supportive and that they ca n't be out there trashing you , " Goldberg said . "  South Carolina may show that is changing , though . " Congress , lewd photos and NYC 's mayoral race : An Anthony Weiner timeline Politics and publicity Women in Abedin 's position are in a no-win situation , said Dr. Jeff Gardere , a clinical psychologist . "  If they do n't stand by that person , their family could be very much hurt by this , " he said . There are a number of reasons that women stay with an unfaithful man , Gardere said : Children , religious beliefs , a feeling that they can change . But when politics and publicity are involved , the situation is dramatically altered . Hillary Clinton was with her husband in January 1998 when he denied having "  sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky . " Though she notably distanced herself from him as they later walked to Marine One , the duo is still married today . "  I think the campaign is much more difficult when the person next to you walks away , " Gardere said . "  The message is ' I am through with this person , I think he is deeply flawed . ' If you , the person who knows him best , walks away from him , it is harder for the public to believe in him . " The enduring image of Tuesday 's news conference -- where a uncomfortable Abedin stood next to her husband -- sent mixed messages to voters and was a risky proposal , Navarro said . "  Not having the wife next to you can be certainly , in the short term , a death knell , " Navarro said . "  But having her out there is a risky proposal because for most people , certainly most women , it was painful to watch her public humiliation and the guy responsible standing right next to her , looking over her shoulder . I think every woman watching that puts herself in that position . " But according Goldberg , sort of public awkwardness is better than the alternative . "  I think that having the wife somehow involved , to whatever degree is very important , " Goldberg said . "  What is important is to be viewed as not totally accepting , because then it looks like the marriage is a joke . But you have to have enough sense of acknowledgment and contrition that is looks and sounds genuine . " Should Huma stand by her man ? A mutually dependent relationship The theory Darrell Hayes , a crisis communications professor at American University , thinks about most when he sees a news conference like Weiner 's is "  co-dependency . " "  It is the idea that people assume that it is better to fight through the relationship than break it off , " Hayes said . "  I get the sense that is the case with Anthony Weiner . " The reason for co-dependency , Hayes speculates , is possibly political aspirations for the family , not just her husband . That opinion was echoed by a number of experts . As for why Abedin stood next to Weiner , Goldberg said , "  It is probably a combination of support , humility , embarrassment and ego . " Navarro , who described Abedin as "  a very strong , independent , successful " woman , said her standing beside Weiner on Tuesday opened the family up to a different line of questioning . "  Why do people want this so bad that they are willing to subject themselves to this humiliation again ? " Opinion : The public humiliation of Huma Abedin	Huma Abedin 's blessing was critical to his mayoral campaign Consultant says winning the trust of the person you harmed most is key to moving on Women who are wronged by cheating spouse are often in no-win situation , psychologist says
CNN  -- Howard Stern said he almost retired a few months ago because he felt he 'd proven everything he needed to in radio . In an interview on Tuesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight , " Stern said he knew he had been wildly successful , and said to himself , "  Really , why am I doing this anymore ? It makes me crazy . I hate getting up early in the morning , and I do n't particularly like doing the show . " But , Stern told Morgan , he is "  driven by a neurotic compulsion " to do his show . He also told Morgan about his desire to please his parents and says he was "  rocked " a few years ago when his father , who worked in the radio business , called him a genius . But Stern said despite his father 's praise he remains driven . "  I think it 's my identity , " Stern said . "  Like , this is who I am . This is what I do . " Stern said he feels like he "  hit a home run " after a particularly great show . "  Like I 'm Babe Ruth , you know ? " Morgan also touched on the early days of Stern 's radio program , when the show 's outrageous stunts had never before been considered for -- and did n't necessarily translate to -- radio . "  It occurred to me that to have a naked woman on the radio would be outrageous , " said Stern . "  And yet really who would it offend ? It 's all theater of the mind . You do n't even really know if she 's naked or not . " Stern also pointed out that people often tell him that his program was the introduction of reality television . Despite naked women frequenting his studio , however , Stern confessed to being a homebody . "  I do n't like to go out , " Stern said . "  I do n't like to leave the house . I like to stay home , but I 'm fascinated by human behavior . " One person 's behavior he does n't approve of is Jay Leno 's . He said Leno "  did a terrible thing to Conan O'Brien " when he went back to the "  Tonight Show . " "  Jay  Leno  is insane , " Stern told Morgan . "  He 's not fit to scrub David Letterman 's feet . Yes , I do n't know why he 's beaten David Letterman in the ratings . It 's beyond my comprehension . America must be filled with morons who at night lay in bed -- the ones who are watching him . They must be in a coma . " When the discussion turned to politics , Morgan asked Stern what he thinks of the United States and what America has come to . "  I love America , " he said . "  I love our freedom . And nowhere could a guy like me , a schlub like me have success with -- where would I get this freedom of speech ? They do n't allow this anywhere . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Howard Stern says a "  neurotic compulsion " drives him to continue his radio show Stern says he was "  rocked " when his father called him a genius Stern on Jay Leno : The "  morons " who watch him "  must be in a coma "
CNN  AirAsia Flight QZ8501 climbed rapidly , and then stalled , shortly before it crashed , a top Indonesian official said Tuesday . "  The plane ascended suddenly , with a speed that was above the normal speed limit , and then it went up , " Transportation Minister Ignasius Jonan told reporters after he briefed lawmakers at a parliamentary hearing . "  Afterward , it  the plane  stalled . " At one point , the plane was climbing at a speed of 6,000 feet per minute , Jonan said . A fighter jet like the F/A -18 Super Hornet can climb as fast as 30,000 feet per minute . But commercial jets are designed to ascend at a much slower rate . The latest data show the AirAsia plane , an Airbus A320 , was climbing at a rate twice as fast as it "  could and should do on its own , " CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said . "  I think that means there was a tremendous amount of winds and weather , " she said . The commercial jet lost contact with air traffic controllers on December 28 as it flew from the Indonesian city of Surabaya toward Singapore with 162 people on board . Amid increasingly bad weather , one of the pilots had requested to deviate from the plane 's planned route , AirAsia has said . And experts have speculated since Day One that storms might have played a role in the plane crash . If the plane was climbing at 6,000 feet per minute , Schiavo said , numerous alarms would have sounded in the cockpit . But if the aircraft got caught in an updraft , she said , the pilots might not have been aware at first of why it was climbing so quickly when they were n't inputting that into the controls . Picture your speedometer showing your car accelerating when your foot is n't pressing on the gas pedal . "  The pilots would have had control of the plane , " she said , "  but may not have even realized what was occurring because of the confusing readings from the aircraft . " Last week , searchers recovered the plane 's flight data and voice data recorders , which investigators hope will help them determine what happened aboard the doomed flight . Indonesian investigators say audio recordings from the plane 's cockpit contain no sounds of gunfire or explosions , making it unlikely the plane was brought down by terrorism . While transportation officials focus on figuring out what happened , search teams are still looking for most of the bodies of the people who were on board the plane . More than three weeks after the crash , the remains of 53 people have been recovered , some of them still strapped into seats . Many of the rest could be in the wreckage of the fuselage , which searchers located last week at the bottom of the sea . Efforts to examine and get inside the wreckage have been hindered by high waves and strong currents . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Aaron Cooper and Belle Reynoso contributed to this report .	Plane was climbing twice as fast as it should have been , analyst says AirAsia Flight QZ8501 "  ascended suddenly , " Indonesia 's transportation minister says At one point , the plane climbed at a speed of 6,000 feet per minute , he says
CNN  This is going to be a long year . Well , one second longer . We 're all going to get an extra tick of the clock , known as a "  leap second , " on June 30 . The bonus sliver of time raises a couple of questions . How to spend that extra second ? Sleeping ? Working ? Maybe Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg will use it to help keep up with his New Year book-reading program . Then there 's the question of why we need to tinker with clocks all around the world in the first place . Earth vs. atomic clocks It all comes down to physics , according to Nick Stamatakos , the head of Earth Orientation Parameters at the U.S. Naval Observatory , which oversees atomic clocks in the United States . "  The real simple explanation is the Earth is slowing down a little bit , " he told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . That means atomic clocks are keeping more accurate time than our planet 's own rotation , which can speed up and slow down because of tides and changes within the Earth 's core . To get things back in sync , an extra second is periodically added to Coordinated Universal Time  UTC  , the world 's benchmark time standard . The call is made by scientists at the International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service , the agency that keeps tabs on the spinning of the planet . It announced the decision to add a leap second this year in a bulletin Monday . The previous one was in 2012 , but that did n't go entirely smoothly . Some of the software platforms that underpin a lot of websites did n't know how to cope with the extra second . U.S. wants to ditch leap seconds The issue has become an international sticking point . Some countries , including the United States , want to get rid of leap seconds altogether , saying they 're too disruptive to precision systems used for navigation , communication and other services . But others , like Britain , have argued that it 's risky to allow a divergence between the time kept by atomic clocks and that of the Earth 's rotation . An international radiocommunication conference in 2012 put off a decision on the matter until this year . In any case , fewer leap seconds are being added nowadays than a few decades ago . "  Earth is n't as slow as it was in the 70s , " said Stamatakos . "  Relative to the 1970s , it 's sped up a little bit . " But still not enough to keep time with the atomic clocks .	A "  leap second " will be added to the world 's standard time on June 30 The move is to keep clocks in sync with the Earth 's rotation
I 'm knee deep in the icy Atnarko River in central British Columbia . A belt is cinched across my chest waders to prevent water from dragging me under if I slip in . Cougar tracks are pressed into the snow on the bank . At least the grizzlies , which feast on spawning salmon here each fall , are napping this time of year . On this morning , my guide Jai Condon demonstrates the art of fly-fishing . He flicks the rod . Whoosh , whoosh , whoosh . And , releases . "  How do you lay the line down so nicely ? " someone asks . "  Practice , " he says , laughing . I 'm terrible . I do n't get a nibble even though trout can be caught year round in the Bella Coola Valley , about 1,000 kilometers north of Vancouver . I did n't come here to fish , but I 'm hooked . Magical geography Heavy fog scuttles my first full day of heli-snowboarding . But Bella Coola Heli Sports has a genius Plan B , C , D , and so on , for the inevitable down days . Conceived as an exclusive year-round resort appealing to the hard-core athlete looking for the kind of snow porn experience they 've seen in ski movies , Bella Coola also keeps the grumpy , grounded adventurer content . Depending on the season , there 's cross-country skiing , hiking , biking , rafting , horseback riding , grizzly bear watching , and even , cattle ranching .  Help during calving and ski in the afternoon . Yes , really . A helicopter or boat  based on your level of indulgence  will also ferry guests to the fjords to soak in natural hot springs followed by a polar plunge in the Pacific Ocean . "  We did n't come here for the vertical , " says Kristina Enquist , visiting from Finland with her husband , Eric . "  We came here for the whole experience . " The region 's magical geography is what attracted a trio of filmmakers -- Christian Begin , Peter "  Swede " Mattsson and Beat Steiner -- here 14 years ago . Glaciers that date back to the last ice age blanket the Coast Mountains , which erupt from sea level to its highest peak , Mt. Waddington , at 4,019 meters . This landscape doubled for the Himalayas in feature films "  Seven Years in Tibet " and "  Kundun . " Sir Edmund Hillary even trained here . And , 30 meters of snow piles up annually . "  Wow , this place is on steroids , " Steiner recalls of his first visit . "  Everything about it is big . The trees are big . The mountains are big . The glaciers are big . The biggest fjords in the Americas . It 's all big . " While the heli-ski industry was booming along the spine of the continent , nobody was operating here . The three mountain men applied for , and to their surprise , secured 10,700 square kilometers of terrain . "  Everybody was busy fighting in the interior , " says Begin . "  We grabbed the jewel . We grabbed the coast . " ` Rock star treatment ' Since 2003 , Bella Coola has whisked guests from Vancouver to this remote paradise . The one-hour flight in a Beechcraft 1900C is as spectacular as Steiner describes , if not stomach churning . Jet-lagged tourists from the United States , the United Kingdom , Finland , Slovakia and Thailand are also aboard and head to lessons in helicopter and avalanche safety . Skiing upon arrival is part of the outfitter 's "  rock star " treatment . But the conditions are awful . Heavy snowfall , followed by a warm spell and a freeze means there 's an extreme avalanche risk . I cut my edges into a layer of crust harder than week-old pizza . After a few teeth-chattering runs , we land at Tweedsmuir Park Lodge where guests acquaint themselves with the outdoor hot tub and teepee sweat lodge or gorge on salmon . Bella Coola operates three lodges where a maximum of 34 guests a week never have to fight for fresh turns . Meanwhile , other heli-ski operators run dozens of people per day over much smaller tenures , which , according to Mattsson , is n't private enough for his clientele . Those with especially deep pockets book the Pantheon Heli Ranch where up to eight guests have exclusive use of 4,450 square kilometers of terrain . They also get coveted first descents . Test a run that has never been skied and then name it . The cost : $ 105,260  $ 114,800 Canadian  a week . Typical guests are executives , doctors , celebrities ; those aged 45 to 55 . Almost all are men . "  It 's always been a kind of a boy 's club , " Mattsson says . "  I think heli-skiing is overall . " ` Secret weapon ' Richard Lapointe is a former military pilot who has flown stunt jets , search and rescue missions and in conflict zones . He 's at the stick of my ride , an AStar B2 helicopter that seats only four guests . He 's also what my guide calls a "  secret weapon . " Lapointe sneaks between impossibly tight rock faces and lands on plateaus the size of picnic tables in search of powder . The snow gods have also delivered . A dump of weightless snow is up to my knees . I rack up 13,840 vertical meters of fresh lines in two days . I glide by vast blue glaciers in the alpine , the only color on an endless canvas of untracked white . Knobs and drifts in the forests send me airborne . My powder board leaves a deep channel -- and white smoke -- in my wake . "  You know junkies looking for their next fix ? says Eric Enquist , the more daring half of the Finnish couple . "  Now , I know what they were talking about . " Nobody is oblivious to the danger as we pick through recent avalanche debris and watch an ice sheet give way from a mountainside . Condon , my fishing guide , later returns to the lodge cradling a block of that ancient ice . Chipped into glasses of scotch and other libations , I 'm happy to have it dilute my spirits . On my last day -- another when the helicopter ca n't fly -- Begin takes a group to the town of Bella Coola , population 852 , which the Nuxalk First Nation calls home . The influence of aboriginal peoples , who have been in the region for 10,000 years , is everywhere . Totem poles dot the streets . Along Big Cedars Trail , an old-growth forest with massive trees features one that has been hollowed out to smoke fish . It smells of meat . Not far away , but tough to find without a guide , are the Thorsen Creek petroglyphs , a collection of mysterious rock carvings . Brushing off a light dusting of snow , we find dozens of etchings of human faces , animals and geometric patterns . The origins are still debated , but it 's little wonder First Nations peoples consider this place sacred . As I step back into the present , I learn all flights home are scrubbed due to strong winds and heavy snow . I 'm told this is a once-a-year event , leaving me happily stranded in Shangri-La . Bella Coola Heli Sports ; Whistler , British Columbia ; +1 604 932 3000 Fly : Pacific Coastal Airlines departs daily from South Terminal at the Vancouver International Airport . Ferry : B.C. Ferries from Port Hardy on the north coast of Vancouver Island . Drive : 12-14 hours from Vancouver Heli-ski rates vary December to April and packages range from three to seven nights . For a standard week , prices start at $ 9,786 to $ 11,435 plus tax  $ 10,680 - $ 12,480 Canadian  including the flight from Vancouver . Summer and fall rates at Tweedsmuir Lodge include a two-night minimum , and during peak grizzly bear season , which runs Sept. 1-Oct . 14 , guests must book three - to five-night packages at $ 2,272 to $ 3,555  $ 2,480 -- $ 3,880 Canadian	The highest peak in the Coast Mountains is Mt. Waddington at 4,019 meters Coast Mountain 's rugged landscape doubled for the Himalayas in feature films "  Seven Years in Tibet " and "  Kundun " Guests at Pantheon Heli Ranch can ski uncharted terrain then name the new run
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's top legal official "  misled " the government over the case for war in Iraq under pressure from then prime minister Tony Blair , a former Cabinet minister claimed Tuesday . Clare Short , who was Blair 's international development secretary until she quit over the Iraq invasion , said Attorney General Peter Goldsmith withheld his own "  doubts and changes of opinion " in giving the go-ahead for war . "  I think he misled the Cabinet . He certainly misled me , but people let it through , " Short told an inquiry into Britain 's role in the March 2003 Iraq invasion . The inquiry -- Britain 's fifth examination of its Iraq involvement -- has already grilled senior figures including Blair , former defense minister Geoff Hoon and Britain 's top military commander Jock Stirrup . Short said that Goldsmith , who last week testified before the inquiry that he was initially ambivalent but later adamant over the legality of the war , was wrong to press the case . Goldsmith initially advised Blair in January 2003 that it would be unlawful to invade Iraq without a United Nations Security Council resolution but changed his mind a month later . "  I think for the attorney general to come and say there 's unequivocal legal authority to go to war was misleading . " Short said Goldsmith was "  leaned on " by Blair to agree to the war . "  Lord Goldsmith said he was excluded from lots of meetings -- that 's a form of pressure . "  It was suggested to him that he go to the U.S. to get advice about the legal position . "  You have got the Bush administration who have very low respect for international law . It seems the most extraordinary place in the world to go to get advice about international law . " She added : "  I think all that was leaning on -- sending him to America , excluding him and then including him . " Her comments came just days after Blair appearance at the inquiry generated protests , with several hundred anti-war campaigners gathering outside the London venue chanting "  Blair lied , thousands died " and other slogans . Blair denied claims he had struck a secret deal with U.S. President George W. Bush in 2002 pledging British backing for the invasion and said he believed "  beyond doubt " his unfounded pre-war claim that Iraq was capable of launching chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes . Blair : No ` covert ' deal with Bush over Iraq Analysts say involvement in the Iraq war remains a "  live political issue " in the UK , because the same government -- now led by Gordon Brown -- was still power , whereas the parties of other leaders in the U.S. and Australia have been voted out of office . "  The others have faced critical public scrutiny and been damaged by that , " legal expert Glen Rangwala of Cambridge University told CNN . "  The British have n't had a change of administration so in many ways it remains a live political issue because it reflects on people who are in government . " CNN 's Simon Hooper contributed to this report	Ex-minister Clare Short says attorney general withheld doubts over Iraq war Short said Tony Blair leant on Lord Goldsmith to support UK involvement Inquiry is Britain 's fifth examination of role in Iraq conflict
London  CNN  -- A British parliamentary report slammed Barclays bank on Saturday for its "  disgraceful " actions that led to a rate-rigging scandal . The Treasury Select Committee issued a report after recent hearings over the scandal . Barclays was fined $ 450 million by British and American regulators after some of its traders purposely manipulated its interest rates as part of Libor , or London Interbank Offered Rate . The scandal also led to the resignation of Bob Diamond , its chief executive . The report said the source of the scandal was a "  deeply flawed culture " by Barclays and not just actions "  small group of rogue traders . " "  There was something deeply wrong with the culture of Barclays . Such behavior would only be possible if the management of the bank turned a blind eye to the culture of the trading floor , " the report said . The report regarded Barclays " "  incentives and control systems " as "  so defective " that they served to reward traders themselves , not matter what "  the impact of shareholders and the bank 's overall performance " would be . "  Now exposed , their actions are to the detriment of Barclays ' reputation and the reputation of the industry . The standards and culture of Barclays , and banking more widely , are in a poor state . Urgent reform , by both regulators and banks , is needed to prevent such misconduct flourishing . " The issue is important because the scandal centered on the rates at which banks lend each other money . The Libor is hammered out based on input from big banks in London each morning and used to calculate trillions of dollars in consumer and business loans around the world . It affects how much interest ordinary people pay on everything from credit card debt to home mortgages and student loans . The fines against Barclays came after it admitted some of its trading desks purposely manipulated the rate for personal benefit during the height of the global financial crisis . Between 2005 and 2009 , when Diamond was in charge of the investment branch of Barclays bank , traders were influencing the pricing of rates which impacts up to $ 800 trillion of securities . E-mails revealed as part of the rate fixing investigation showed traders were seeking beneficial rates for their trading positions . Diamond , in a statement Saturday , labeled the "  behavior of a small group of traders related to Libor manipulation " as "  reprehensible and not in keeping with Barclays ' high standards . " But he took "  particular issue with the attacks on Barclays ' culture and character " and disputes the negative image of the bank . He said the bank "  is a tremendous institution with an over 300-year tradition of supporting economic growth and the communities in which we live and work . " "  It should be recorded that broader issues with Libor have been a subject of discussion among regulators for years , and there is little dispute that Barclays was both aggressive in its investigation of this matter and engaged in its cooperation with the appropriate authorities , " he said . Politicians from both sides of the fence have slammed Barclays , with Prime Minister David Cameron saying the manipulation was "  outrageous . " Further high-profile resignations in the banking sector are possible given the precedent set by Barclays . The bank said it had alerted U.S. and British authorities about suspicious Libor submissions by other banks in late 2008 , and was "  disappointed that no effective action was taken . " CNN 's Susannah Palk in London and Joe Sterling in Atlanta contributed to this report .	A parliamentary report was issued on Saturday The committee cites a "  deeply flawed culture " The management "  turned a blind eye to the culture of the trading floor " Diamond took issue with attack on culture but called traders ' acts "  reprehensible "
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libyan state TV reported Sunday that the opposition-held town of al-Bregahad been "  been cleansed from the criminal gangs and mercenaries , the area is now safe , and all citizens should go back to their work and their normal life . " Forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi have been fighting to recapture towns from the rebels since an uprising began last month . Opposition leaders in Benghazi confirmed to CNN that their forces have left al-Brega , but they are calling their move a "  tactical retreat . " The military has been pounding the key oil port of Ras Lanuf , once in the hands of rebel forces , and has taken control of towns such as nearby Bin Jawad . The Gadhafi government appears intent on retaking all territory from the opposition despite growing international pressure . Libya 's National Oil Corporation , meanwhile , urged companies to resume oil exports after saying that all ports are safe , state TV reported . Also Sunday , the Maryland-based SITE Intelligence Group released a video in which it says Abu Yahya al-Libi , an al Qaeda leader , calls on Libyans to take up arms against Gadhafi . The Libyan leader has frequently accused al Qaeda of being behind the unrest that began last month and has since spiraled into a civil war . The Arab League voted Saturday to back a no-fly zone "  to protect the civilian population " in Libya , the body 's secretary-general Amre Moussa said . "  We will inform the U.N. Security Council of our request to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya , " Moussa said . "  The U.N. Security Council should decide how it will be enforced . " The Libyan foreign ministry denounced the League 's move , calling it a "  flagrant action against its charter , " according to state TV Sunday . It also reported that the ministry would welcome the arrival of a fact-finding mission sent by some African nations . Also Saturday , an Al-Jazeera cameraman was killed in an apparent ambush near Benghazi , Libya , becoming the first journalist killed in the country since the start of the civil war , the network reported . Ali Hassan al Jaber was returning to Benghazi , an opposition stronghold in the east , from a nearby town where he had reported on an opposition protest when "  unknown fighters opened fire on a car he and his colleagues were traveling in , " Al-Jazeera reported on its English-language website . The cameraman and another person were wounded . Al Jaber was rushed to a hospital , but did not survive , the network said . "  Al-Jazeera condemns the cowardly crime , which comes as part of the Libyan regime 's malicious campaign targeting Al-Jazeera and its staff , " the network reported . The no-fly zone which the Arab League is calling for would be a preventive measure and would have to be stopped immediately when the Libyan crisis ends , Youssef bin Alawi bin Abdullah , Oman 's foreign minister said in a joint appearance with Moussa . Arab League members have reservations about military intervention , but said all countries agreed that a no-fly zone must be imposed urgently to protect civilians , bin Abdullah said . "  We hope the Libyan authorities will respect a no-fly decision , " he said . "  Be assured the Arab countries will not accept the intervention of the NATO coalition . " Moussa said the league also voted to open channels of communication with the Transitional National Council , the Libyan opposition 's newly formed administration , and that any talks with that body would be on a humanitarian basis . "  We are giving them legitimacy but we 're not giving them political recognition , " Moussa said . "  We are prepared to help evacuate any Arab nationals from Libya regardless of their nationality . " The Arab League also called for immediate humanitarian assistance and an end to the bloodshed in Libya , where war has broken out between forces loyal to Gadhafi and a tenacious opposition movement . The White House cheered the League 's announcements and stressed it will continue to pressure Gadhafi , support the opposition and prepare for "  all contingencies . " Opposition forces made strides in the early days of the rebellion , but Gadhafi 's military has recently gained strong momentum . The League was meeting at its headquarters in Cairo , while hundreds of demonstrators outside urged the international community to step up support for Libyan opposition groups . Pleading for international help as they continue to lose ground to pro-Gadhafi forces , rebels are asking for a no-fly zone that would theoretically thwart airstrikes . No-fly zones are areas where aircraft are not allowed to fly . Such zones were put in place after the Gulf War in southern and northern Iraq as a check on the forces of the late Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein . Western powers have said any action by the international community , including a no-fly zone , would have to have regional support and a clear mandate from the United Nations . U.S. President Barack Obama said Friday that he "  wo n't take  the  decision lightly " on whether to use military force , including helping to enforce a no-fly zone , saying it is critical to "  balance costs versus benefits . " While France has recognized the National Transitional Council as the sole representative of the Libyan people , the European Union was more restrained Friday , saying it "  welcomes and encourages the interim transitional national council based in Benghazi , which it considers a political interlocutor . " The Libyan government on Saturday took journalists to the eastern city of Bin Jawad , where the government ousted rebels about a week ago . CNN 's Nic Robertson said he saw fighter jets in the sky but he did n't see them engage in strikes . He saw some structural damage , such as a blown-out police station and damage to a school and houses , including a Katyusha rocket embedded in the wall of a house . Some stores were closed and others had been looted . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Reza Sayah and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Foreign ministry denounces Arab League 's call for no-fly zone , state TV says The opposition says its forces pulled out of Al-Brega in a "  tactical retreat " The town is "  cleansed from criminal gangs and mercenaries , " state TV says Gadhafi 's forces have been fighting to regain towns from the opposition
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani government has reversed a recent hike in fuel prices , an effort that could help shore up the country 's crumbling governing coalition . Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani announced the move on Thursday in the National Assembly . It comes days after the Muttahida Qaumi Movement quit the government over fuel price increases and other complaints -- a move that cost Gilani 's Pakistan People 's Party its majority in the assembly . Gilani called for the establishment of a team that would devise a strategy to combat fluctuation in world petroleum prices and avoid harsh measures , such as the fuel price increase . The government crisis comes at a turbulent time . The U.S. military has been counting on the government to do a robust job of taking on militants in the Pakistani tribal region , but the loss of support is putting Gilani 's government on shaky ground . The MQM is one of the largest and most liberal parties in Pakistan , with its stronghold in the southern city of Karachi . Its exit follows December 's withdrawal of the Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam-Fazal ur Rehman , a leading religious party . Muhammad Anwar , a senior coordinator for the MQM , told CNN that the last straw for the party was the fuel price increases that took effect Saturday . Pakistan 's government had raised gasoline prices by 9.2 % and increased kerosene prices by nearly 6 % , blaming higher crude oil costs for the move . Anwar also said the government had failed to crack down on "  rampant " corruption and maintain law and order -- particularly in Karachi and the surrounding southern province of Sindh . Businessmen in Karachi "  are virtually hostage " to extortion and kidnapping rings , he said . MQM leader Faisal Sabzwari said Sunday that the PPP-led government also has imposed unfair taxes on the poor and allowed an energy crisis to fester . The Pakistan Muslim League , another political party , said Wednesday said it will not support the government in its quest to regain a majority . Gilani said recently the ruling PPP would be able to function without a majority in the National Assembly .	One party quit governing coalition over fuel price hikes and other issues MQM 's move cost the prime minister 's party its majority in the assembly Another party withdrew in December Prime minister wants to develop a strategy to combat price fluctuation
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A collection of some of Syria 's most powerful rebel brigades have rejected a Western-backed opposition group that announced the creation of an interim government in exile this month . The 13 rebel groups , led by the al Qaeda-linked al-Nusra Front , also called on supporters of the Syrian opposition to embrace Sharia law "  and make it the sole source of legislation . " The move appeared to sideline the flagging National Syrian Coalition , which recently announced the formation of an interim government in exile led by Ahmad Tomeh , a dentist and dissident from the Syrian city of Deir Ezzor . In a statement released late Tuesday , the 13 rebel groups declared that "  the coalition and the putative government headed by Ahmad Tomeh does not represent or recognize us . " Among the signatory rebel groups were Ahrar al Sham , Al-Tawheed and Suqoor al-Sham , three major fighting factions that control considerable amounts of territory in Syria . Members of the Syrian National Coalition contacted by CNN declined to comment , saying they were still working on an official response to the rebel statement . In a speech Tuesday to the United Nations , President Barack Obama pledged $ 340 million in additional assistance to Syria , while reiterating his support for what he described as the country 's "  moderate opposition . " But moderate opposition groups appear to have suffered a series of setbacks this month as hard-line jihadi groups have pushed to grab more territory and resources . Last week , another al Qaeda-linked group drove rival rebels out of the strategically placed town of Azaz near the Turkish border . The group , whose ranks are bolstered by foreign jihadi militants , later accused the ousted rebels of being traitors for supporting democracy and for meeting previously with U.S. Sen. John McCain . Cash-strapped secular Syrian activists have been warning of the rise of Islamist groups in opposition-controlled parts of Syria . "  If anybody does a humanitarian project that is not under their  the Islamists '  agenda , then they feel threatened , " said one activist who runs humanitarian projects that help feed and house displaced families inside Syria . The activist asked not to be named , for fear of reprisal from Islamist groups . Turkey , an opponent of the Syrian government that has long allowed opposition fighters to travel freely back and forth across its long border with Syria , has recently begun sounding the alarm about extremist groups . "  This is a big security threat to us , and it directly concerns us , " Turkish President Abdullah Gul told journalists in New York last weekend . "  These people may not have been radicals or terrorists at all in the beginning , but the conditions have brought them to this point , " Gul said . "  People who would not harm a fly can find themselves in a position where they can mutually resort to atrocity and violence . " It is not clear what effect the Islamist rebel groups ' announcement will have on Salim Idriss , the English-speaking former Syrian army general who now heads the Supreme Military Council of the rebel Free Syrian Army . Idriss has enjoyed the support of Western governments and officials such as McCain . He was filmed in April at the Turkish-Syrian border receiving a shipment of nonlethal assistance from U.S. State Department officials . Officials in the Supreme Military Council also declined to comment on the Islamist rebel announcement .	Syrian rebel brigades oppose Western-backed group that announced government in exile Thirteen rebel groups call on supporters of the Syrian opposition to embrace Sharia Moderate opposition groups appear to have suffered a series of setbacks this month Secular Syrian activists have been warning of the rise of Islamist groups
CNN  -- Brett Favre 's 297-game NFL record for consecutive starts for quarterbacks wo n't be getting any longer . The 41-year-old "  Iron Man , " who has held the record since 1999 , was out for Monday night 's game against the New York Giants , Vikings spokesman Jeff Anderson said . Favre sprained a joint in his throwing arm during last week 's game against the Buffalo Bills and did n't throw a ball during Saturday 's walk-through . He had limited participation in Friday 's practice , the first time all week he participated at all . He got a reprieve Sunday , the scheduled date for the game with the Giants . The Vikings were forced to reschedule the game when the inflatable roof of the Metrodome collapsed under 16 inches of snow . The game was played Monday in Detroit . Favre , knocked out of last week 's game on his first passing attempt , has started every game since the fourth game of his 1992 season with the Green Bay Packers . He started every game in the 2008 season with the New York Jets , and every game since joining the Vikings in 2009 . Including playoff games , he 's started an almost unbelievable 321 consecutive games . That lengthy career means a lot more records -- he is the only NFL quarterback to throw more than 500 touchdown passes or to pass for more than 70,000 yards , among many others . His 297 straight starts puts him first for all non-special teams players as well as quarterbacks . He took over the quarterbacks lead in consecutive starts on November 7 , 1999 , against the Chicago Bears . It was his 117th consecutive start , putting him one ahead of the then-record holder , Ron Jaworski of the Philadelphia Eagles . Jaworski held the record since 1984 . Favre 's record is likely to stand for at least six years , which is how long it would take Favre 's nearest competitor in this department -- Peyton Manning of the Indianapolis Colts -- to catch him . Manning , who has started all his games with the Colts , beginning in September 1998 , has 205 consecutive starts .	Brett Favre has 297 consecutive starts -- tops for quarterbacks and non-special teams players A day 's delay in the game did n't help get him in the starting lineup Peyton Manning is second on the list
CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Wednesday that those behind the deadly blast at Moscow 's busiest airport were hoping , in part , to prevent him from attending the World Economic Forum . Speaking at the gathering of business and political leaders in Davos , Switzerland , Medvedev said , "  Those who committed the heinous act by aiming their blow against the citizens of various countries expected that their act would bring Russia to its knees , would force us to be defensive . They expected and hoped that the president of Russia would not come here to attend to this forum , among other things , of course . This is the criteria used to choose the time and place for committing that act of terrorism . "  But they miscalculated . Russia is aware of its place in the world , Russia is aware of its responsibilities to its citizens and will comply with them , and its responsibility to the world community . This is the reason why on this day I 'm speaking from this rostrum . " The bombing Monday killed 35 people . Earlier Wednesday , Medvedev fired top airport security officials . He accused transport police of "  taking an absolutely passive position . At best , they are examining migrants , to check their registration and display their authority , " in comments carried on Russian state TV . Among the people he dismissed was Andrei Alexeyev , the head of the Interior Ministry 's transport administration for the Central Federal District , he announced in his televised remarks . "  If people do n't understand how to work , we 'll find other people , " Medvedev said , according the RIA-Novosti news agency . Moscow is observing a day of mourning for the victims Wednesday , with flags flying at half staff . The government asked television stations to cancel entertainment programs as a mark of respect , RIA-Novosti said . "  We have to do all we can to influence , if not the ideology , then at least the social and economic roots of terrorism -- poverty , unemployment , illiteracy , parentlessness , " Medvedev said in Davos . "  And we have to be sure that global development is stable , safe , and just and fair . " At the end of his speech , he announced that he was cutting short his previously planned stay in Davos to head back to Moscow . The blast occurred around 4:30 p.m. Monday at the entrance of Domodedovo Airport 's international arrivals section . A day later , authorities were still trying to tally the exact number of people injured in the blast . RIA-Novosti said as many as 180 were hurt . The Russian Ministry of Emergency Situations said there were 110 wounded people still in hospitals . Medvedev blamed security violations . "  What happened at Domodedovo shows the airport lacked security , " he said Tuesday . "  It 's unbelievable that such a huge amount of explosives were brought into the terminal . Those officials responsible for security at Domodedovo must be punished for their decisions . This is a terror attack , a grief , a tragedy . " It is not yet clear what impact a recent decision to shake up the Russian Transport Police , which is charged with protecting train stations and airports , may have had on the security perimeter at the airport Monday . In August , Medvedev fired at least 12 generals in the Transport Police branch of the Ministry of Interior , as part of a broader reform of the Russian security services . Domodedovo is 22 kilometers  14 miles  southeast of Moscow and is the largest of Moscow 's three airports , as well as the busiest in terms of passenger traffic . It was still not immediately clear who was responsible for Monday 's blast . Previous terror attacks in Russia have been blamed on militants from the North Caucasus region . Over the past decade , bombers have hit trains and planes operating in and traveling out of Moscow at least four times , with a combined death toll of more than 100 victims . In 2004 , two planes blew up nearly simultaneously after taking off from Domodedovo airport . That attack was linked to Chechen suicide bombers . An explosive device derailed an express train in November 2009 , killing at least 26 people . Chechen rebels were blamed again . Medvedev has called on his government to do "  everything in order for the criminals who committed this crime to be established , found and brought to justice . And the nest where these bandits are hiding , whatever their name is , should be exterminated . " CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko and Ivan Watson contributed to this report	NEW : Medvedev says the Davos forum was considered in the attack 's timing The Russian president says transport police were "  absolutely passive " Moscow is observing a day of mourning for the bomb victims Thirty-five people died in the bombing of Moscow 's busiest airport Monday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A white diamond the size of a small egg has sold for $ 30.6 million at an auction in Hong Kong , smashing the world record for a jewel of its kind . The flawless , 118-carat oval diamond was sold to an unidentified Asian collector , whose winning bid came at the lower end of the $ 28 million to $ 35 million estimate set by auction giant Sotheby 's . It was the largest diamond ever sold at auction . David Bennett , chairman of Sotheby 's Jewelry Division for Europe and the Middle East , told CNN that diamonds could be bought as an investment or simply for the love of a beautiful and rare object . "  Asia has rapidly in the past 20 years become our most important sector of the buying public . They account for more than a third  of buyers  . " However , a rare blue diamond that was expected to fetch at least $ 19 million during the same sale failed to reach its reserve price . The previous record for a white diamond was set in May at Christie 's in Geneva when a pear-shaped jewel sold for $ 26.7 million . The auction was part of a series of fall sales of art , jewelry and other collectibles held in the city by Sotheby 's and its rivals .	Oval diamond sells for record $ 30.6 million in Hong Kong It was the largest diamond ever sold at auction Diamond sold to unidentified Asian private collector
When President Barack Obama said that U.S. strategy to combat the terror group ISIS could follow the models of strikes in Yemen and Somalia , it drew a swift rebuttal from some top Republicans . Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona took to the Senate floor Thursday to say the administration 's tactics in both of those countries had not succeeded and would be even less effective when used against ISIS . "  That is so disturbing , to think that a strategy against ISIS would be the same as against al Qaeda in Somalia and Yemen , " said McCain . "  Yes , we have been killing with drones . But we have by no means defeated them , " he said . He was responding to Obama 's speech Wednesday night : "  This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us , while supporting partners on the front lines , is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years . " Another Republican , Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , told CNN Thursday that not only had the administration 's strategy in Yemen and Somalia come up short , but also that it was not the right template to apply to Syria . "  ISIL poses a risk very different from the risk posed by terrorists in those two countries , " Rubio told CNN , using an alternate acronym for the militant group . "  ISIL is a terrorist group , but it has insurgent elements to it . They are working with people on the ground . They control territory . They 've got funding , and they carry out military-style operations . They pose a much different risk . " CIA : ISIS can ` muster ' between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters But the White House defended the comparison , saying that there have been some successes against both groups , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in Yemen and Al-Shabaab in Somalia . "  There is still more work to do in those countries . But what has been put in place is a counterterrorism strategy that has succeeded in degrading the threat , and making those organizations less capable of threatening the American people , " said spokesman Josh Earnest . "  In both of those situations , the President has selectively and strategically brought American military might to bear in support of those ground troops to mitigate and counter the threat . " Over the past few years , the amount of territory that extremists control in Yemen and Somalia has indeed been rolled back . And several terrorist leaders in both countries have been killed by American strikes , including Al-Shabaab leader Ahmed Godane , and AQAP 's No. 2 , Said Ali al-Shihri , and top propagandist Anwar al-Awlaki . A frightening , far-reaching new world of terror threats since 9/11 But Thomas Joscelyn at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies maintains the fight against AQAP has been no success story . "  AQAP is still planning attacks against the U.S. homeland , " Joscelyn said . And the group 's top leadership is still mainly intact , he said . "  Naser al-Wahishi , who was groomed by Osama bin Laden to run an al Qaeda branch , has in fact been the emir with that organization for years now . He is still in place , " he said . "  Many of his top lieutenants are still in place , including the chief theologians and the chief military officers . " Boehner hits Obama for ruling out boots on the ground Also still at large is AQAP 's master bomb-maker , Ibrahim al-Asiri . He is believed to be behind the nearly successful printer-cartridge bombs placed on American-bound planes in 2010 , and the underwear bomb on a plane to Detroit in 2009 . "  There 's concern now he may be sharing his bomb-making technology with jihadist groups in Syria , " said terrorism analyst Paul Cruickshank . Carrying out air strikes against ISIS could be even more difficult than against AQAP and Al-Shabaab , because while the governments of Somalia and Yemen have complemented American airstrikes by deploying ground forces against extremists , the U.S. has no such partner in Syria 's government . And according to Cruickshank , ISIS fighters are more inextricably mixed in with civilian populations in Iraq and Syria . But he added that military action against extremists can be successful , even if it does not produce total victory . "  The more you can shrink the space they can operate , the more you can take out training camps so they ca n't provide bomb-making instructions to Western recruits , you 're clearly then limiting their ability to plot terrorist attacks against the West . " Still , he warned , "  It 's going to be a long time before that capability to theoretically plot attacks against the West is going to be wiped out . " Kerry : U.S. not at war with ISIS	President Barack Obama said he 'd model ISIS attacks on Yemen , Somlia strikes Top Republicans have countered those efforts have n't been big successes The White House defends the strategy and the comparison
CNN  -- A blaze that started as a controlled burn quickly got out of hand and turned into a fast-moving wildfire that destroyed at least 20 homes and killed at least one person in Oklahoma 's Logan County on Sunday , authorities said . It was one of several fires to break out amid unseasonably high temperatures and windy conditions in the state . The victim was a 56-year-old man who failed to evacuate when requested , said Guthrie Fire Chief Eric Harlow . Guthrie is the county seat . The Guthrie blaze was about four miles long and up to a mile wide and was burning a largely rural area . Harlow put the fire 's size at between 3,000 to 4,000 acres . "  It 's growing so fast it 's pretty hard to estimate , " Stephens said . "  There are a lot of cedar trees , they have a lot of oil in them and they just explode . " The fire was the largest of several in the state that are being fueled by temperatures in the 90s and high winds , said Keli Cain , spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management . "  They got three ingredients for a bad fire : high temperatures , high winds and low humidity , " said Daryl Williams with the National Weather Service in Norman .	NEW : The fire began as a controlled burn The Guthrie blaze is one of several to break out in the state The fires are being fueled by hot , dry weather and high winds
When astronaut Neil Armstrong uttered what became one of the best-known -- and most debated -- quotes in all of history , he actually might have said it exactly the way he meant to , not the way people heard it . After Armstrong lowered his left foot from the landing craft to the surface of the moon , people watching around the world heard him call it "  one small step for man . " Both he and NASA initially insisted that he said "  one small step for a man , " and now a new and novel study on the much-analyzed quote backs him up . Researchers from Michigan State University and Ohio State University have "  bolstered Neil Armstrong 's side of the story , " said Laura Dilley , an MSU assistant professor of communicative sciences and disorders . After becoming the first person to step on the moon in 1969 , Armstrong said what was heard as : "  That 's one small step for man ; one giant leap for mankind . " You can hear the audio here . Later , as NASA explains , Armstrong said he had intended to say "  a man , " and thought he had . But he agreed that "  a " did not seem audible in the recording . Numerous intense studies have been carried out over the years , using high-tech equipment , all in the effort to discover whether he had indeed uttered that one little sound . In 2006 , Peter Shann Ford said he had found the "  a " in a study of the audio waveform , NASA explains . Then , "  more rigorous analyses of the transmission were undertaken by people with professional experience with audio waveforms and , most importantly , audio spectrograms . None of these analyses support Ford 's conclusion . " First man on the moon gave rare interview Until now , perhaps . The MSU and OSU researchers took what they call a novel approach : studying how people from Armstrong 's native central Ohio pronounce "  for " and "  for a. " The team studied recordings of 40 people in Columbus , near Armstrong 's native town of Wapakoneta . They found numerous examples of "  for " and "  for a " sounding similar . Their results suggest that it is entirely possible that Armstrong said what he claimed , though evidence indicates that people are statistically more likely to hear ` for man ' instead of ` for a man ' on the recording , " Michigan State University said in a news release . "  We feel we 've partially vindicated him , " Dilley said . "  But we 'll most likely never know for sure exactly what he said . " Recalling Armstrong 's "  life well-lived "	Armstrong was heard around the world calling the first moon walk a "  small step for man " He contended he had said "  a man " Numerous studies have been carried out A new study of speech patterns near his hometown found he may have said "  for a "
CNN  -- Tracey Madigan was looking forward to watching hockey games at the Olympics with her three kids this year . Now , she 's scrambling to cancel their plane tickets because Sochi just does n't seem safe . Growing security concerns surrounding the Games , she says , made her rethink the family vacation plans she made months ago . "  We wanted to do it to be a cultural learning experience for the kids , " she says , "  and now that 's not worth the risk . " It 's a worry many people are weighing as warnings about the possibility of terrorists targeting the Sochi games grew this week . Athletes say they 're still eager to compete in the Games , which are less than three weeks away . Organizers say they 're confident officials have a handle on the situation . And Russia 's leaders say they 've stepped up security around the area in a "  Ring of Steel " that attackers wo n't penetrate . But those reassurances have n't stopped serious concerns about safety among spectators , competitors and security analysts . Warnings fuel travel fears After decades of hearing about the Olympics from afar as her husband helped cover them for a French-Canadian television network , Madigan decided this was the year for the family to fly from Washington , D.C. , to Sochi and join him . She started worrying when she learned about last month 's terrorist attacks in Volgograd , Russia , which killed more than 30 people , but she tried to tamp down her concerns . A U.S. State Department travel alert earlier this month convinced her that the situation was serious . The wording of the alert , which calls large-scale public events like the Olympics "  an attractive target for terrorists , " and mentions previous attacks in Russia was strong enough to make Madigan decide to back out . "  It 's an official voice telling you that yes , your fears are right . ... OK , it 's not just me . There 's another voice , a voice with some gravitas saying , ` Be careful out there . ' " And the potential security threats seem to be mounting , Madigan said . "  It has n't stopped , " she said . "  Over the past couple of days , it 's continuing . " So while news reports surged this week about new threats to the games , a wanted terror suspect on the loose and warships readying to evacuate U.S. citizens if necessary , Madigan has been canceling plane tickets . Taking her kids to Sochi , she said , is out of the question . "  We fear not only for their safety , but also the repercussions that it would have if they were in the part of the world that experienced something horrible ... and just the logistics of getting out of there , " she said . Security concerns like Madigan 's are cited by some as a reason for sluggish Olympics ticket sales -- though vendors in the United States told CNN that demand is "  at expected levels " and that last-minute sales will likely surge in Russia . Organizers in Russia said last week that around 30 % of available tickets still had n't been purchased , the Russian RIA Novosti news agency reported . If those seats remain unsold , Russian President Vladimir Putin suggested volunteers might fill the remaining spots in the stands . ` I 'm definitely going to be vigilant ' Canadian Domenico Ciarallo said he has no plans to give up his tickets , but he 's worried about security , too . He was watching TV with his mother in Montreal when news broke of last month 's bombing at the Volgograd train station , a transit hub 400 miles way from Sochi . "  She looked at me and she said , ` You 're not going to Sochi . I lost your father , I 'm not losing one of my kids . ' " But Ciarallo said he did n't cancel his trip , despite his mother 's concerns . He regularly travels around the world on business trips and knows that there 's no predicting danger . "  Anything can happen on a plane or train or automobile . I do n't live by that , " he said . "  For sure , I 'm worried . It 's obviously a concern . But you know what , I 'm definitely going to be vigilant , and keep my eyes open around me , and be aware of my surroundings . " In the meantime , he 's looking forward to staying on a cruise ship docked alongside the coastal city and picking up his spectator pass so he can take in as many events as he can . As part of the stepped up security measures for this year 's games , Russia required visitors to provide photos , passport information and ticket numbers in advance to receive the passes . That , Ciarallo said , shows how serious they are about keeping the Games safe . "  I 'm probably 95 % excited and nervous , and maybe 5 % scared , " he said . "  I think once we get there , I think that kind of fear will start to recede . I think you really have to hit the ground running and see . " Coach : Athletes must ` try and fight through ' fears Tara Lipinski , who won a gold medal in figure skating in the 1998 Winter Olympics and will be attending this year 's games as a commentator for NBC , said she feels safe , despite the warnings . "  You ca n't take this lightly . But at the same time , being at the Olympics , I have never experienced security that high . So hopefully that will put these athletes at ease , " she told CNN Monday . "  I 'm hoping that the atmosphere is not overshadowed by this . " Boston Bruins coach Claude Julien , who will serve as assistant coach for Canada 's men 's hockey team , told ESPN this week that he 's determined to push forward . "  There 's no doubt that what 's happened lately is certainly --  terrorists are  trying to obviously shake us and probably in a lot of cases they are succeeding . But ... we have to try and fight through that , " he said . "  At the same time , you have to hope that the people in charge are doing the best they can . There 's never any guarantees in this life and you 'd like to make it as safe as possible . That 's basically all I can say , because my job is to go there and help coach a team and hope that the people in charge of that are going to do the best job they can and make it a successful Olympics . " Security has also become a top concern for journalists covering the Olympics this year , said NBC Special Correspondent Meredith Vieira , who will be cohosting the network 's coverage of the opening ceremony . "  We had a lot of conversations at NBC News about it and  NBC  Sports , and after a certain point , it 's a bit of a leap of faith , you know , " she told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  You hope that the security is there . I hope that they  the Russians  share information more than they have with the U.S. Right now , that 's kind of a rough point . But I 'm going . And you know , they talk about that ` Ring of Steel , ' and I hope it 's there . " Analysts : Sochi faces unique risk The Olympics are expected to bring 6,000 athletes from 85 countries to Sochi . And throngs of spectators are expected to watch from the stands , with nearly 40,000 security officers standing guard . It 's nothing new to worry about security at the Olympics or any major sporting event . And authorities have vowed for months that safety is a top priority . But the situation is different in Sochi , some security experts say , particularly with recent terrorist attacks elsewhere in the country . "  The threats have been backed up with incidents , with attacks , " said Carl Herron , a former crisis response agent for the FBI who was at the London and Turin Olympics . "  The percentage of something happening from here on is probably high . It can happen two days before the Olympics start , or it can happen today , so that really escalates the intensity of the security apparatus . " Terror analysts say Sochi is uniquely at risk because Islamic militant hotbeds are within the country -- leaving the Olympics closer than ever to danger . "  This group does not have to fly in from the Middle East or North Africa or Asia or some remote location , " former FBI assistant director Tom Fuentes said . "  They are already in the neighborhood . " CNN 's Phil Black and Brooke Baldwin contributed to this report .	Warnings about terrorists targeting the Sochi Games spur worries about security A mother says she 's canceling Olympic travel plans because she fears for her kids ' safety Another traveler says he 's worried , but plans to be vigilant when he attends the Games Skating analyst Tara Lipinski : "  I 'm hoping that the atmosphere is not overshadowed by this "
CNN  -- Elizabeth McCutchen and a friend were walking to book club two weeks ago in quaint Farmville , Virginia , when they strolled by a home on First Avenue . "  Something smells dead , " her friend said . Richard Samuel McCroskey has been arrested in connection with the killings of four people in Virginia . They were thinking animal . A dog , a cat , something like that . They never imagined they were smelling the remains of massacred humans . It was Thursday , September 17 . But another 24 hours would pass before police made the gruesome discovery . Richard Samuel McCroskey III -- a 20-year-old rapper in the underground genre of "  Horrorcore " who sang of chopping people into pieces -- has been arrested in connection with the slayings . The crime scene was so horrifying police would not even describe it , saying only that the victims died of blunt force trauma . The victims were Mark Niederbrock , 50 , the beloved pastor at Walker 's Presbyterian Church ; his 16-year-old daughter , Emma Niederbrock ; Melanie Wells , Emma 's 18-year-old friend from West Virginia ; and Niederbrock 's estranged wife , Debra Kelley , 53 , a professor at Longwood University . McCroskey has been charged only in the killing of Mark Niederbrock . Police and the prosecutor 's office did not return repeated phone calls from CNN . But in late September , authorities said more charges are pending . Emma was described as a fan of Horrorcore and had met McCroskey through their mutual affection for the little-known music genre . Police said she invited McCroskey to fly from his northern California home , stay with her in Virginia and then attend the Strictly for the Wicked Festival , a Horrorcore fest in Michigan featuring bands with names like Dismembered Fetus and Phrozen Body Boy . Nobody saw what would come next . The slayings have been the talk of Farmville , a town of 7,000 that is home to Longwood University and nearby Hampden-Sydney College . Senseless is the word you hear most . It 's not just the macabre nature of the killings that has people talking . It 's the grotesque lyrics of the Horrorcore singer ; it 's that it happened under their noses . McCroskey is a young man with no criminal record who took delight in the blend of horror hip-hop that celebrated macabre killings . He went by the name Syko Sam . In one YouTube video , he holds a hatchet and sings about killing people and putting their remains in black bags : "  Last night I was the murderous rage . Now , I got ta get rid of the bodies before the corpses start to get to rotting . " ` Stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled ' Authorities have not specified when the Virginia killings occurred , but at 4 a.m. on Friday , September 18 , tow-truck driver Elton Napier was called out to Poor House Road to help McCroskey , whose car was stuck . Napier said McCroskey was wearing a black-hooded sweatshirt and "  was really smelling bad , like real bad . I ca n't describe it . " McCroskey was driving Mark Niederbrock 's Honda . Napier said two sheriff 's deputies were at the scene and McCroskey was ticketed for driving without a license . At the time , authorities did n't know the pastor had been slain . When McCroskey hopped into Napier 's flatbed , the tow-truck driver said he started gagging from the odor and immediately rolled down the windows . "  I just held my head out the window so the wind would hit me in the face , " he said . "  That was the stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled . " Napier drove McCroskey about four miles to a convenience store . McCroskey told Napier he was visiting his girlfriend and her father lent him the car . McCroskey fetched a black bag from the Honda before they parted . Napier went inside to get a cup of coffee . According to police , McCroskey eventually caught a cab to Richmond International Airport . By mid-afternoon that same day , police found the bodies at the home on First Avenue . McCroskey was arrested the next day at the airport , where he had spent the night . When he was being led to jail , McCroskey told reporters , "  Jesus told me to do it . " Suspect 's family , community grieve Sarah McCroskey of California told CNN-affiliate WWBT that her brother had been looking forward to his visit to Virginia for weeks . She mourned his arrest and struggled with the accusations against him . "  I want to hear his voice . I am so concerned , so worried -- not just for him -LSB- but -RSB- other people , other families involved dealing with this loss , " she said . Read WWBT 's special coverage Defense attorney Cary Bowen told CNN , "  I do n't want to say he 's in shock . That 's a medical term , but it 's a big experience for him . ... I 'm not sure he gets the severity of everything right now . " The community is still devastated by the events as it struggles to move forward . Memorial services were held over the weekend for Emma Niederbrock and her mother , Debra Kelley . The Rev. Sylvia Meadows of Farmville United Methodist Church baptized Emma at age 5 and her father when he was an adult . The pastor said the church has invited an occult specialist to speak with members of the community to help them come to grips with the dark side of humanity . "  We have looked evil in the face and can not deny that it exists , " Meadows said . "  God is stronger than evil . God is bigger . " Luther Glenn , a member of Walker 's Presbyterian Church where Niederbrock was pastor , took issue with McCroskey 's comment about Jesus telling him to act . "  I think it 's deeply rooted in Satan , if you want to know the truth . " Elizabeth McCutchen , who passed the First Avenue home some time after the slayings , said the killings have affected every fabric of the community : the churches , the colleges , and their youth . "  This is the kind of town that goes to the rescue of survivors , but there 's nobody -LSB- left -RSB- -- we ca n't do anything about it , " she said . "  It 's been really , really upsetting . " CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Susan Chun contributed to this report .	20-year-old rapper of "  Horrorcore " accused of Virginia slayings Little known underground music genre celebrates macabre killings Tow-truck driver gave suspect a lift ; said he was "  stinkiest rascal I 've ever smelled " Defense lawyer said he 's unsure Richard McCroskey "  gets the severity of everything "
CNN  -- The new Razer Blade gaming-centric laptop is sleek and powerful , but it 's not for every gamer looking to take their action on the go . The second-generation edition is an upgrade from the original , released in February 2012 . Razer wanted to bolster the hardware specs without detracting from what makes the Blade unique in portable computer gaming -- its size . The first thing you notice about the Blade is how thin it is . A 17-inch , high-definition screen is housed in a case that is less than an inch thick and weighs 6.6 pounds . The matte black aluminum finish is in stark contrast to the neon green Razer logo and keyboard lighting . It is quite the eye-catching machine and will sit comfortably on your lap . What makes the Blade different than standard laptops is its unique Switchblade interface , which sits on the right-hand side of the keyboard . This LCD touchscreen acts as a traditional touchpad mouse for most options , but can be programmed depending on which game is being played . Ten lighted buttons can be programmed as macro game commands , allowing for handy use . Some game profiles  Team Fortress 2 , Battlefield 3 , Star Wars : The Old Republic to name a few  are already available and Razer says they are working to add more . The placement of the Switchblade to the right of the keyboard took some getting used to when I just wanted to use it as a touchpad . Frequently , my fingers would seek the touchpad below the keyboard before wandering off to the right . In game , the location was more familiar to me as I treated it more like a gaming mouse . The touchscreen can also act as a secondary , but very small , display . While social media apps were preprogrammed into the buttons , I would n't recommend trying to Facebook or tweet on it while gaming on the big screen . However , if you 're looking for an edge , a YouTube video walkthrough of the game you 're enjoying can be viewed in the small screen while you control the action on the big screen . The next thing you 'll notice about the Blade is the lack of an optical drive . Given today 's online gaming services  like Steam  , that may be less of a problem than it first appears . However , it will limit your ability to play games from a disc or even watch a movie in nongaming moments while traveling . However , this machine is built for gaming performance and that 's where most of the improvements were targeted . With a brand-new quad-core processor  i7-3632QM  developed by Intel , a high-end Nvidia GeForce GXT 660M and 8GB of RAM , the new Blade is n't quite at the top of the performance ladder , but is definitely within shouting distance . Playing a variety of games , from "  Diablo 3 " to "  Civilization V , " on the high detail setting was a visual dream . Graphics were crisp and clear , and movement within the games went along without a hitch . The audio from the built-in speakers was n't as deep as some other laptop gaming computers . You 'll probably want to plug in headphones to get the best quality . Surprisingly , with all that power , the Blade stayed warm without burning me when gaming with it on my lap . The hottest internal parts are positioned along the hinge in the back and the air vents effectively shunt heat away without any loud , noisy fans . Indeed , the computer was surprisingly quiet while working to keep up with the graphical demands of my games . USB ports are all located on the left hand side of the deck so if you want to add a mouse for serious gaming , you 'll need a long cord -- or a wireless one mouse . There is also an HDMI output and a headset jack along the left side . A 500 GB hard drive is smaller than some other gaming laptops , but should n't be a significant loss . The battery life is n't as long as I 'd like , but the battery pack is slim and sleek , which is good for mobile gaming and finding those outlets on the road . The final thing you 'll notice about the Blade after oohing and ahhing over its looks and functionality will be the price . The new laptop will set you back $ 2,500  according to the Razer website  , making it an expensive option in the laptop gaming arena . This price tag puts it squarely at the high end for the gaming audience . The incredibly slim and light design , the powerful engine inside , and a heat dissipation system that wo n't scald your legs make the new Blade an excellent portable gaming option . Personally , the price tag puts it out of my reach despite all the attractive features . It is a laptop for very serious gamers who want to take their fragging on the road . The demo unit I reviewed used Windows 7 , but Razer plans to make Windows 8 available to customers who want it . They are also not doing away with their first version of the Razer , which is priced $ 600 cheaper , but is a little lighter in the performance department as well .	Review : Razer Blade gaming laptop is sleek and powerful , but not for everyone A $ 2,500 price tag puts the Razer out of some gamers ' budgets Detail on 17-inch screen is "  a visual dream " Powerful machine is designed not to get hot , even when played on the lap
New York  CNN  -- Jazz master Wynton Marsalis says the blues is the true American music -- the heartbeat and unifying principle of jazz , country , R&B , gospel and other styles -- but it 's been relegated to the back of the bus by greed and the legacy of racism . Marsalis grew up in New Orleans , Louisiana , son of Dolores and Ellis Marsalis . He was a trumpet prodigy , surrounded by top-notch musicians and steeped in the city 's eclectic music . He was encouraged to excel by his father , a jazz pianist who instilled in his son a love of musical excellence and integrity . Marsalis plays classical and jazz music with equal mastery . He is artistic director of Jazz at Lincoln Center and has won nine Grammy Awards and the Pulitzer Prize in music . He will be awarded the French Legion of Honor on November 6 . In an interview Tuesday , Marsalis talked to CNN.com about the primary position of the blues in American music . The blues is our root music , American born-and-bred , but it 's been treated like a stepchild of dubious origin , granted only secondary status , in Marsalis ' view . It suffuses Broadway , Tin Pan Alley , rock 'n' roll , country-western , gospel , bluegrass and more , but never got its financial due or the respect it deserves . Marsalis says that 's because of racism -- it was the music of a whole people granted only secondary status -- and its inability to make a lot of money . He also talks about his father , how slavery has affected the nation , and some lessons to be learned from jazz . CNN : You have a DVD out called "  Willie Nelson and Wynton Marsalis Play the Music of Ray Charles . " That 's jazz , country and R&B . What do those styles have in common ? WYNTON MARSALIS : The blues . It runs through all American music . Somebody bending the note . The other is the two-beat groove . It 's in New Orleans music , it 's in jazz , it 's in country music , it 's in gospel . The other is the down-home sensibility that 's sophisticated . That 's why Louis Armstrong could play with Jimmy Rogers . Ray Charles is actually the embodiment . He and Willie Nelson came ` round in young manhood at a time in the late '40s early 1950s when all of the American music , root music , was all combined . It became segregated in the mid - to late - '50s . Carl Perkins had a hit in 1955 -- "  Blue Suede Shoes . " It was on the R&B charts , it was on the country charts , it was No. 1 on the rock and roll charts . -LSB- It was -RSB- basically the same music , so there was an intersection point . It 's like in cuisine , that would be like fried chicken and red beans and rice , it would be like potato salad and barbecued ribs . Someone in Texas not going to eat barbecued ribs ? CNN : What led to the compartmentalization of these kinds of music , that came from the same roots ? MARSALIS : Money and racism . I do n't know which one came first . CNN : Why was blues not regarded as something of value in this country ? MARSALIS : It came from who we did n't like . That 's what it was -- it was n't that we could n't see it . Who it came from , we did not like them . CNN : So do you include African-Americans in that ? So black people did n't appreciate it ? MARSALIS : They did n't appreciate it . They do n't now . That 's part of the whole kind of self-hatred that comes from that type of slavery that the black American still labors under . That racism was heavy . The legacy of it -- it was n't just 50 years . It was seven generations , and if a generation is 33 years , ... seven or eight -LSB- generations -RSB- . That 's a long time . And to recover from it has proven to be very difficult . CNN : So is that what 's going on with rap ? MARSALIS : No question . Rap is the repetition of the minstrel show . But it 's not going to go away , it was too many people . If it had been 100,000 people , it can go away . ... But it ca n't be millions of people and their descendants . -LSB- Slavery -RSB- was a very powerful and successful system . And it went on for a long time . In the aftermath of slavery ... there was a retrenching , and -LSB- it turned into -RSB- the type of racism that was experienced by people who came to the North . That consciousness has begun to shift , in the last 30 years . And that 's 20 or 30 years of just thawing and shifting that 's attached to 330 years -LSB- of slavery -RSB- , and the thought you can get up and you will be better ... that 's just asinine , it 's absurd . CNN : But did n't the blues come from this , being marginalized ? MARSALIS : The blues was like a solution to that , an antidote to it . But the blues is not only Afro-American music . CNN : So , you 've written that it 's not just African , it 's American . What about America gave rise to the blues ? MARSALIS : It is America . It 's that combination , those tensions , the east-west tensions , the kind of tension of being a slave in the land of freedom , and the land of freedom itself , the Western mind , the concept of soloing across time , the call-and-response of democracy , direct call and response , the kind of optimism that is American in nature , is in the blues . There are elements in it that are African and there are elements of the American take on Europeanism . It 's integrated , it 's like a person whose DNA is integrated . You start to try to figure it out -- but you ca n't . That 's how the blues is , that 's why it fits with everything , country-western , bluegrass -- everybody 's playing the same music . CNN : You write that jazz leaves room for individual creativity , but you have to listen and allow the other musicians to participate equally . So what 's the lesson for the nation ? MARSALIS : We have to have an overall cultural objective , which we do n't have . ... We then fight under the flag of a position , the left or the right , black or white , old or young . It 's very simplistic . We do n't know our cultural history , we do n't know we are together , and because we do n't know we are together we ca n't act in that way . And that 's the main thing our music , and the history of our music , can teach us as a nation . The one concept that has to be at the heart of the American experiment is integrity . The integrity of the process is very important . If you come up on the bandstand you have to be at least trying to swing . If you do n't really want to swing or play with the musicians , there 's nothing they can do , because you have the freedom to destroy it . CNN : Your father set an example . It sounds like you got a lot of your ideas about integrity from him . MARSALIS : Yes , he sure did . From him . He was n't segregated about any music , he did n't care , you could play pop music , funk , he 'd say "  right , great man . " He was a jazz musician . He was n't uptight and always railing about somebody . What he did was very clear , and what he thought about being a man , he did n't look at a boy like that . I remember he sat in with our funk band one time . ... We 'd go to his gig , there 'd be six people . We 'd go to our gig , there 'd be thousands of people , dancing having a good time . We were playing a dance at a high school , he did n't know any of the music , but he played all of the music we had . We were laughing , we said , my daddy did n't know any of the music and he did n't know any of the tunes but he was playing better than us . CNN : When you were playing in a funk band in high school , did you look at your jazz musician dad as old school ? MARSALIS : No , no , never , I never suffered from that misconception , because he was so much hipper than the people I was around . Philosophically , he knew more than we did . I 'd bring people to see him . He never tried to act like a child , like a kid . I never thought I knew more than him , he was on the case . CNN : What are the components of jazz ? MARSALIS : The main three components are the blues , improvisation -- which is some kind of element that people are trying to make it up -- and swing , which means even though they 're making up music , they 're trying to make it up together . It feels great , like you 're having a great conversation with somebody . Sometimes you get in a good coordinated groove , and it just continues to happen . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Wynton Marsalis .	Wynton Marsalis : The blues is at the root of all American music , but was never given its due Marsalis : Blues unappreciated by blacks and whites alike , due to racism and money Slavery was 330 years , shift away from racism 's effects only in past 30 years He says Americans do n't know their cultural history : There are solutions to divisions
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy fighter jet crashed into the water off Southern California while approaching an aircraft carrier Wednesday night , the Navy said . The pilot of the F/A -18 E Super Hornet ejected , was recovered and is in stable condition aboard the USS Carl Vinson , the Navy said Thursday . The aviator is expected to make a full recovery . The crash happened hours after a separate military plane went down in California : the nonfatal crash of one of the Marines ' AV-8B Harriers into a neighborhood in Imperial . In Wednesday night 's crash in the Pacific , the Super Hornet was on approach to the Carl Vinson when it hit the water about 10 p.m. PT , the Navy said . The jet has n't been recovered . The cause of the crash will be investigated , the Navy said . All air operations aboard the Carl Vinson were suspended after the crash , but they resumed midday Thursday and diverted aircraft returned . The carrier had been taking part in an exercise in preparation for a deployment , the Navy said . CNN 's Jason Hanna and John Branch contributed to this report .	F/A -18 E Super Hornet crashes on approach to USS Carl Vinson off California Pilot ejected and is in stable condition , Navy says The aircraft carrier was taking part in an exercise ahead of deployment The crash happened hours after a Marine plane went down in a California neighborhood
Budget Travel  -- It began by accident . My girlfriend , Ronni , and her twin sister , Marina , rented a documentary on panda bears . We all melted . Then we went online and found videos of tourists , somewhere in China , embracing pandas . One showed a gaggle of cubs eagerly descending a slide in what looked like panda day care . "  We have to find this place , " Ronni said , eyes lighting up . Hugging baby pandas costs about $ 130 and the pandas are even cuter in person than you would imagine A friend of a friend had recently gone to China on a botanical excursion , and I could see the wheels turning in Ronni 's and Marina 's heads . Soon enough , we had tickets and immunization appointments . Much in the same way you might say , "  Hey , let 's go to a movie , " we made plans to cross the Pacific . We had no basis to believe that meeting pandas was possible for ordinary people . We consulted guidebooks and online travel forums , and our best bet appeared to be a facility for research and visitors at the Wolong Nature Reserve , about five hours away from Chengdu in Sichuan province . Because it was difficult to reach , we figured it must be more rewarding . Once in Hong Kong , I contracted a fixer on the mainland to help sort everything out . His name was Huang , and he 'd been to Wolong earlier that year with National Geographic . Ever since Empress Wu Zetian sent a pair of panda bears to the Japanese emperor around A.D. 700 , China 's public face has been represented by the furry goodwill ambassadors , who even forced a smile from Richard Nixon . Today , we noticed upon arrival in Shanghai , you do n't see dour Mao nearly as much as Jingjing , the flower-crowned cartoon panda that 's one of the Beijing 2008 Olympic mascots , and just the first in the parade of pandas that adorn China 's storefronts , advertising , clothing , and vibrant cell-phone-charm industry . In Chengdu , we were greeted at the airport by a 40-foot column topped with a giant bronze panda . On our way into the city , we also could n't help but notice that the lampposts , rickshaws , and even highway overpasses were festooned or stenciled or otherwise decorated with pandas . But Chengdu was just a transit point for our trek along the Min and Pitiao Rivers to the Wolong Nature Reserve . We hired a driver , part of a fairly dodgy tour we 'd found last-minute on the Internet . All road travel in China happens frenetically -- the constant , aggressive brinksmanship of millions of shoddy minivans with toy-like wheels . We left for Wolong at dusk , ascending steep gorges that sometimes disappeared into the mist , on roads that sometimes disappeared altogether . There 's no real town , and not many restaurants , other than the shabby ones at the Wolong Hotel and the Panda Inn . The following day , we awoke to a crisp and cool autumn day , with the sound of the river filling the narrow valley . This is the panda 's native habitat , a subalpine arboreal wonderland that makes you understand Chinese fairy tales . The China Conservation and Research Center for the Giant Panda has marked off large enclosures for its several dozen pandas . Last summer , the notoriously fickle pandas produced 18 cubs . We could see some of them through the glass of the nursery . The newest born were tiny pink nubs . Those slightly older were fed with bottles . The cubs we had seen online were from the previous summer . A little over a year old , all 16 played together in a single enclosure next to the nursery . Three Japanese girls entered the day-care center and frolicked among the cubs . "  How can we do that ? " I asked Tang , one of the keepers . He took us to an office , where we discovered advance work to arrange a special panda visit is unnecessary . To hug baby pandas , all you have to do is show up and pay the Wolong Panda Club $ 130 per person . That 's nothing for five minutes of nirvana . In the flesh , the cubs were so unbelievably cute that they seemed artificial . With their round heads , big eyes , and rolling gait , they looked and acted like Jim Henson creations . Touching one felt like meeting a unicorn . The cubs moved like puppies in a curious , playful swarm . They did n't lick so much as nuzzle . And grab : To our delight , the desire for hugging was mutual , and what began as a careful encounter quickly devolved into fuzzy mayhem as the cubs attached themselves to our arms and legs . At one point , Ronni was dragged to the ground by a clutch of cubs , and she beamed beatifically . "  I ca n't believe this is happening , " she said as she freed herself , only to be taken down again . After the staff pulled the cubs off us , we stood around in a daze . Stepping back outside of the panda pen , Ronni stopped grinning long enough to say , "  I want to do that again . " Round-trip airfare between Chengdu and Beijing , Hong Kong , or Shanghai runs $ 400 to $ 680 on Dragonair or Air China . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Wolong Panda Club lets visitors hug pandas for $ 130 fee The pandas will hug you back Last year , pandas at the country 's breeding center had 18 cubs
CNN  -- The new cease-fire implemented in embattled eastern Ukraine by Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko on Friday was clearly under threat by Saturday , if not sooner . Three Ukrainian border guards were wounded when pro-Russian separatists launched a mortar attack and opened fire with automatic weapons near the town of Vyselky , in the Donetsk region , Ukraine 's State Border Service said in a statement Saturday . The wounded guards were evacuated as security forces were notified , according to the Border Service . The separatists also targeted a nearby checkpoint in Uspenka , using small arms , but the attack was repelled by guards , the Border Service said . Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in a tense standoff since March , when Russia annexed Crimea and massed troops along its border with Ukraine . Ukraine 's government in Kiev has accused Russia of allowing weapons and military equipment to cross the border illegally into the hands of pro-Russia separatists , who have led uprisings in Ukraine 's eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Meanwhile , three military tanks and 10 armored personnel carriers of unknown origin were seen in Luhansk , the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe , which operates a special monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine , said Saturday . The military convoy drove through the city early Friday morning , according to local witnesses and traffic surveillance camera footage seen by the mission . The convoy came from the direction of the Russian border , going east and was observed in Alchevsk , 27 miles southwest of Luhansk , heading toward Donetsk , OSCE said . Meanwhile , four OSCE monitors from the Donetsk team have been missing for 26 days and four other monitors from the Luhansk team for 23 days , the group said . Kremlin responds to cease-fire plan Also Saturday , Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed support for Poroshenko 's cease-fire plan , the Kremlin said in a statement . Putin emphasized that the plan "  should not take the character of an ultimatum to militants " and that the cease-fire "  should be used to begin constructive negotiations and political compromises between the opponent parties in eastern Ukraine , " according to the Kremlin . But the statement also mentioned an incident Friday on the Ukrainian-Russian border after the cease-fire was first declared . The Russian Foreign Ministry said one of its units in Novoshakhtinsk , near the border with Ukraine , was shelled , injuring one customs officer . Ukraine denied that it fired artillery or mortar at the Russian unit . Putin said in the statement released Saturday that he considers the incident "  unacceptable , " especially because it happened after Poroshenko declared a cease-fire . Poroshenko declares cease-fire Poroshenko declared a cease-fire Friday in Kiev 's fight against separatists in the country 's pro-Russian east . He said military units would respond only if they 're attacked and he warned militant fighters to abandon their weapons before the cease-fire expires on June 27 . "  Those who will not lay down their weapons will be destroyed , " Poroshenko said , according to a statement issued by the Interior Ministry . Poroshenko announced plans for the cease-fire on Wednesday . He spoke with Putin by phone on Thursday , according to Poroshenko 's office . Putin has said he backs an effort to de-escalate tensions in eastern regions and supports a process to forge a cease-fire and a peace plan . President : Free hostages Poroshenko 's cease-fire includes the closure of the Ukraine-Russia border and changes to the constitution to decentralize power . It also offers amnesty to those who did n't commit serious crimes , the President said . An escape corridor will be offered for those who disarm to leave Ukraine . "  We expect that hostages and seized premises will be liberated . We expect that a large number of civilians will use the security guarantees for the citizens of Donbas , " Poroshenko said , referring to Ukraine 's eastern region . In his conversation with Putin , Poroshenko stressed the need for the release of Ukrainian hostages and to establish effective security controls on the border with Russia . Ukraine implements cease-fire in restive east Putin , Ukraine leader talk peace in phone call Ukrainian military plane shot down ; all 49 aboard dead CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Victoria Butenko contributed to this report	Violence erupts amid attempts at new cease-fire in eastern Ukraine Pro-Russian separatists attacked with mortars , weapons fire , Ukrainian officials say Ukrainian guards repelled a separate attack at a checkpoint nearby Kremlin statement says Putin supports a cease-fire
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Firefighters will need at least until midweek to get control of wildfires that have destroyed more than 900 homes and other structures in Southern California , a Los Angeles County Fire Department spokesman says . High winds have fanned blazes from Santa Barbara to Anaheim since Thursday , scorching an estimated 40,900 acres of land . Sustained winds eased Monday , but locally gusty conditions and humidity in the single-digit range could continue into Tuesday , the National Weather Service predicted . "  If we were being very optimistic , we would be looking at the middle of the week , " Los Angeles County fire Capt. Dennis Cross said . "  If the weather forecast holds and we continue to get the great work being done in the last 24 hours , we 're hoping midweek . " The most extensive losses have been in the Oakridge Mobile Home Park in the Sylmar district of Los Angeles , where winds clocked as high as 70 mph drove a wall of flames across the hillsides and destroyed nearly 500 of the park 's 608 mobile homes on Saturday . iReport.com : Map shows fire 's devastation A two-day search that ended Monday found no human remains amid the scorched wreckage , authorities said . But Deputy Police Chief Michel Moore said authorities still have n't accounted for the residents of 166 homes , and he wanted them to check in with investigators . "  Help us bring full closure to this , " Moore said Monday evening . Watch how fires destroyed hundreds of homes " Moore said residents of the mobile home park would be allowed to return Tuesday "  to come in and collect their belongings . " The largest of three fires , the Freeway Complex fire , had set ablaze nearly 29,000 acres in Orange , Los Angeles and Riverside counties . Most of the damage was in Orange County , in the Los Angeles suburbs of Anaheim and Yorba Linda , where more than 100 homes were destroyed . Fire officials said the blaze , with 3,700 firefighters and other emergency personnel battling it , was about 40 percent contained Monday . Watch how it may take days to contain fires " iReporter Carol Menke said she last saw her home in the Hollydale Mobile Home Estates in Brea Canyon around 12:30 p.m. on Sunday . "  I know our firefighters are the best and the bravest in the world , but that wall of fire looked insurmountable , " she said at the time . iReport.com : ` Insurmountable ' wall of flames looms Firefighters on Sunday night told Menke that one home was destroyed and one damaged in Hollydale , but neither was hers . See damage in Sylmar via satellite photography " "  I am so thankful that I am at a loss for words . My heart goes out to those not as fortunate , " she said . The Sayre fire , which destroyed the mobile home park in Los Angeles ' Sylmar district , was about 40 percent contained Monday morning after burning about 10,000 acres . Five firefighters and one civilian suffered minor injuries in the blaze , the Los Angeles County Fire Department reported . See images from the Los Angeles County fire " In Santa Barbara County , northwest of Los Angeles , firefighters said they had a wildfire 95 percent contained after it destroyed more than 100 homes . Among the losses in the 1,900-plus acres it incinerated were a monastery and several mansions in a community where celebrities have homes . The fire destroyed the $ 11 million Montecito , California , home of Christopher Lloyd , star of "  Back to the Future " and "  Taxi . " He showed the charred remnants to ABC 's "  Good Morning America " on Monday . Lloyd talks about his destroyed home "  It 's amazing , its just gone , " Lloyd told "  Good Morning America . " "  Rebuilding would be -- it 's too much . You ca n't rebuild that . " Investigators believe the Santa Barbara County blaze was "  human-caused , " having eliminated "  all accidental causes , " said Doug Lannon , a spokesman for the state fire agency . iReport.com : Share wildfire photos , video Authorities said they believe the fire started in the Tea Garden Estate , a privately owned multiple-acre property about one mile north of Santa Barbara 's exclusive Westmont College . Although the fire did not hit the college campus , 15 faculty members lost their homes nearby , according to the college 's Web site . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared states of emergency for the four affected counties after the fire damaged or destroyed hundreds of homes and closed major freeways . The move frees any state resources needed , and makes the counties eligible for federal assistance grants . CNN 's Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	NEW : Search of mobile home park ends ; no one found dead More than 900 homes , structures destroyed by three fires Single-digit humidity , wind gusts pose problems for firefighters Santa Barbara County fire has human cause , officials say
CNN  -- Jill Thacker was dying for a cup of coffee when she recently ran into a 7-Eleven convenience store . To her pleasant surprise , the coffee was free -- as long as she would commit to drinking it in either a red Mitt Romney cup or a blue Barack Obama cup . "  Which are you going to choose , Mom ? " her son asked . Which , indeed . A gun-owning , big-government-hating Republican , Thacker 's every instinct told her to buy a Romney cup . But Thacker , 56 , and her daughter have asthma -- a pre-existing condition -- and with Obama as president they 'll be guaranteed the ability to buy insurance . Thacker stood in the 7-Eleven and stared at the red and blue cups , stymied by the choice they represented . 7-Eleven tries to predict presidential election winner A concrete issue Perhaps no other election has posed such a difficult personal decision for some conservatives : How do you vote if you 're ideologically conservative , but you 're benefiting , or stand to benefit , from the Affordable Care Act , often referred to as "  Obamacare " ? "  In 2008 , health care was a very conceptual , a very theoretical issue , " said Michael Traugott , a professor of political science and communication at the University of Michigan . "  This year it 's very concrete and real . " Some Republicans told CNN they would never vote Democrat , even though they might benefit from Obamacare , while others said they will switch their vote because of health issues . "  The real question is : Could defections in this group make a difference in states where the race is close , such as Virginia , Ohio or North Carolina ? " Traugott said . "  I think in those states it 's so tight they could make a difference . " Several groups of people would fare very differently under Romney 's health care plan than they do under Obamacare , such as those with preexisting conditions , which can range from anything from back pain to cancer . Between 20 % and 50 % of all Americans have a preexisting condition , according to the Department of Health and Human Services . Obamacare tells insurance companies they ca n't say no to people with preexisting conditions , or charge them more because of their health issues . According to his website , Romney 's health plan calls for "  preventing discrimination " against people with preexisting conditions as long as they 've maintained continuous insurance coverage in the past , but does not define what "  continuous coverage " means . Young Republicans could also fare differently under Romney 's plan . According to the Department of Health and Human Services , some 3.1 million young adults now have health insurance because of Obamacare , which requires insurance companies to allow young adults to stay on their parents ' policies up until the age of 26 . Before Obamacare , insurance companies in many states took young people off their parents ' policies at age 18 or 19 . Romney has vowed to repeal Obamacare . In the presidential debate , the former Massachusetts governor said the "  private marketplace " is already taking care of young adults who want to stay on their parents ' plans so the United States does n't need a government mandate . However , it 's not clear that insurance companies will allow young adults to stay on their parents ' insurance up until age 26 without a mandate . If Obamacare is reversed , insurance companies "  will make their own decisions about the coverage options they provide , " according to a statement from America 's Health Insurance Plans . The undecided : What will sway them ? ' I feel torn ' Jon Campbell may become one of the Republican "  defectors " Traugott says could make a difference in battleground states . Campbell , 49 , has voted Republican in nearly every presidential election since he cast his vote for Ronald Reagan in 1980 , but this year might be different . For two years his 22-year-old stepdaughter , a self-employed dog trainer , did n't have health insurance . Then Obamacare kicked in and she was allowed onto her father 's insurance . "  If something had happened to her during those two years it would have been a disaster , " Campbell says . The Olathe , Kansas , resident is leaning toward Obama , but not just because of his stepdaughter . Campbell 's wife , Barbara , has diabetes and is in the final stages of breast cancer treatment . She 's now on his insurance , but if he ever lost his job , his wife would be faced with trying to buy insurance on her own and would surely be rejected . "  I 'm really torn , " he said . "  Because of Obama , I now have a wife who can get covered . But really , at heart , I 'm a limited-government kind of guy . " Campbell said if the election were held today , he 'd vote for Obama , but not without a lot of reservations . "  It 's really an intriguing conundrum , " he said . Photos : From the campaign trail ` I 'm born to be a Republican ' Like Campbell , Sara Nicastro feels conflicted about her vote . A popular diabetes blogger , Nicastro , 31 , knew a woman who stopped taking her insulin regularly when she lost her insurance , and Nicastro thinks it might have contributed to her death . Nicastro said she herself would be "  in a pickle " if she were ever laid off because insurance companies do n't want to offer policies to diabetics . Still , Nicastro , a lifelong Republican who lives in south Florida , will vote for Romney in November . She cares about other issues besides health -- most notably the economy -- and she 's voted Republican in every election . She even remembers the excitement she felt when she shook Bob Dole 's hand at a rally at her high school 16 years ago . "  The Republican party most closely matches the things I value and the beliefs I have , " she said . "  I 'm pretty passionate about it . " Katherine Weaver , who also has diabetes , has n't considered voting for Obama for even a minute . "  I 'm born to be a Republican , " she said . Weaver , 52 , knows it would be difficult if not impossible to buy insurance on her own because of her disease , but she said she 's not worried because she has good insurance through her job as a public school teacher in Dallas , where she 's worked for 20 years . "  It 's very hard to get rid of teachers , " she said . "  I 'm very protective of my job . I document everything I do . " Voter issues A choice to make Jill Thacker felt "  weird " as she stood there in the 7-11 in Sanford , Florida , thinking about which cup to take . She thought about her insurance , which covers her only if "  I get hit by a bus . " It 's the only insurance she can afford given her preexisting condition . She thought about how she 's still paying off a $ 22,000 emergency room bill from last year . She thought about her 25-year-old daughter , who 's on her father 's insurance only because of Obamacare . But she also thought about how , in many fundamental ways , she just does n't like Obama . Then she reached for the blue cup with Obama 's name on it . "  I really do feel conflicted , " she said . "  But for me , it 's all about health care . It 's my number one thing . " Did debate make undecided voters more decided ? CNN 's William Hudson contributed to this story .	Republicans benefiting from ` Obamacare ' face a tough choice in November People with pre-existing conditions , youth might fare differently under Romney 's plan Some Republicans will switch vote ; others are still voting for Romney
CNN  -- Hacker collective Anonymous announced plans to disrupt Web streams of Tuesday night 's State of the Union address in protest of various Obama administration policies . In a posting on one of its Web pages , the group claimed it would target live streams of the speech , to be broadcast on the official White House site as well as many major news websites , including CNN . Television feeds of the speech were n't mentioned . However , the attack did n't appear to happen . None of the major news feeds or the official White House site showed any signs of disruption or delay during the speech . "  The President of the United States of America , and the Joint Session of Congress will face an Army tonight . We will form a virtual blockade between Capitol Hill and the Internet , " the group declared earlier in the day . Anonymous is a loosely organized collective , and the claims of its purported members can be hard to verify . But a handful of prominent Twitter accounts associated with Anonymous , which have in the past debunked or downplayed statements made in the name of the leaderless movement , appeared Tuesday to support the threat . The @YourAnonNews account , with more than 877,000 followers , tweeted a news story about the effort shortly before 4 p.m. ET and urged followers to "  hijack " the Twitter hashtag #SOTU -- which users will presumably use to follow the speech . The people behind the account also offered an alternate hashtag -- #opSOTU -- for supporters . During the speech the same account tweeted "  No sign of an #OpSOTU so far other than #SOTU hashtag hijacking . " While there were some Anonymous tweets using the #SOTU hashtag , they seemed largely lost in the noise of regular people commenting on and live-tweeting the speech . Anonymous said it was protesting a list of beefs it has with the Obama administration , including cybersecurity legislation . With the support of Obama , senators plan to reintroduce the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act , or CISPA , on Wednesday . The bill attempts to address cyberattacks by increasing the sharing of information between private companies and the Department of Homeland Security . It was killed in the Senate last year amid concerns about privacy and lack of oversight . President Obama issued an executive order on Tuesday dictating cybersecurity standards for industries with vulnerable infrastructure , such as transportation and power . Like CISPA , the order will promote the sharing of information between private companies and the government . The government wants to use that data to better address future cyberattacks , but detractors are concerned about privacy . Anonymous objects to such sharing , saying it would turn "  private companies into government informants . " The group 's call to action also mentioned the recent death of Internet activist Aaron Swartz , the National Defense Authorization Act , the use of military drones , Bradley Manning and warrantless wiretapping . Taking on major news sites and the White House site was ambitious . Anonymous has announced big plans in the past , such as shutting down Facebook , without following through . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this story .	Hacker group Anonymous vows , and fails , to interfere with Internet streams of State of the Union address Group : "  We will form a virtual blockade between Capitol Hill and the Internet " The group is protesting Tuesday 's executive order by President Obama on cybersecurity The attack did not seem to happen , as all live streams worked without disruption
CNN  During a conversation with a professor at an Ivy League college , a mother nudges her daughter to share how she 's president of her school 's "  survivors-of-bulimia " group . Hoping to impress the Yale admissions committee , a student writes an essay about the time she was so engrossed in a discussion with a French teacher she admired that she urinated on herself instead of interrupting the teacher or leaving the room . Looking to give their child an edge , parents hire a college admissions consultant when their child is in the eighth grade and know the total tab will be roughly $ 50,000 . How I wish I could report that those three nuggets were pure fiction , morsels from my imagination for a great storyline for a novel or television series . But sadly , they are all-too-real examples included in a provocative new book "  Where You Go Is Not Who You 'll Be : An Antidote to the College Admissions Mania " by award-winning New York Times op-ed columnist and bestselling author Frank Bruni . Those examples , Bruni said , should really be "  wake-up calls " for any parents or students currently engaged in , or one day likely to be consumed by , the "  What school will I get into ? " annual game . "  This says that we are attaching a level of importance to this that is just completely bonkers , " Bruni said during a recent interview . Student goes 8 for 8 in Ivy League college admissions For many families in the United States , the challenge is n't getting into the right college . It is being able to afford the school of their choice , or any school for that matter . But for many middle - and upper-income families , the college admissions process is as frenzied as ever with the belief that one school can make or break a child 's future . I had to ask Bruni , whom I met during my time covering presidential politics , how exactly college admissions became so insanely intense and ridiculously competitive . We both laughed that the process was definitely not nearly as manic or as charged when we both went to college in the '80s . Bruni points to a number of factors all mixed together , creating "  this kind of perfect storm of just absolute fixation , panic , etc. " about where kids are going to go to school , whether it 's exclusive enough and whether they 've "  breached the inner sanctum . " There 's the economic pessimism over the past decade , combined with a widening chasm between the haves and have-nots , he said . "  I think all of that has made parents feel anxious on behalf of their kids and has made them feel like their kids have to have anything that might be a leg up , and if an elite school is a leg up , well , then dammit , let 's get them that . " Adding to the dangerous brew , says Bruni , is the "  whole test prep and college coaching industry . " Yes , it has become an industry , with parents and students willing to pay thousands of dollars to consultants for an extra edge . That "  industry " did n't exist just three decades ago when Frank and I were applying . 5 ways community colleges are fixing higher education The final piece of the puzzle are the colleges , which have essentially become businesses , marketing themselves and using their acceptance rate as a bragging right . "  So when you have colleges drumming up extra applications so that they can then claim an acceptance rate below 15 % , that becomes part of the discussion that adds to the anxiety because you look at these numbers and you think , ` Oh my God , if I do n't begin doing SAT prep as a freshman in high school , if I do n't hire the private tutor , ' " I wo n't get in -- or so the thinking goes , said Bruni . But how much does where you go really determine how successful you will ultimately be ? Consider the Fortune 500 and the alma maters of the heads of the 10 companies with the highest gross revenues back in the summer of 2014 . There was only one Ivy League school on the list  Dartmouth  , Bruni says in his book . When you look at the Fortune 500 executives in the top 30 , you see Cornell , Princeton and Brown , but also the University of Central Oklahoma , the University of Pittsburgh and the University of Minnesota , he writes . The point is there is n't one exact path to the corner office , and an Ivy League degree or a degree from another prestigious private university is neither a requirement nor a guarantee . National politics is another case in point . Sure , there are presidents who hail from the Ivies  George W. Bush , Bill Clinton  but there are many who do n't : Ronald Reagan went to Eureka College , a small school in Illinois , and Richard Nixon got his undergraduate degree from Whittier College in Southern California . Looking at other national politicians who either ran for or could run for president someday , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Vice President Joe Biden graduated from the University of Delaware , Paul Ryan from Miami University of Ohio and John Edwards from North Carolina State University . Bruni said a big reason for writing the book was that when he surveyed the accomplished people he has known and interviewed , there did n't seem to be any "  exaggerated concentration " of people coming from the most selective colleges . "  So the amount of importance that parents and kids seem to be attaching to the selectiveness of where they went to school did not seem to me to jibe at all with the ingredients of success as manifest in the people I 've met who were successful and even more to the point content , " he said . "  And so I felt like that contradiction really needed to be pointed out in a bold way . " Part of what fuels the perception that the most successful among us always attend the most selective schools is what we see and read about people who 've made it . For instance , take the "  30 Under 30 " list , which Forbes magazine puts out every year . Bruni writes about how back in 2013 , a website called the 60second Recap noted how every time honorees attended a school like Harvard , Stanford or Princeton , it was mentioned in the profile . But if they had n't graduated from such a school , Forbes did n't mention their alma mater . "  So why do we get the impression that so many of the world 's most glittering people went to these schools ? Because when they 've gone to those schools , we make it part of their biography because we think it explains something . And when they have n't gone to those schools , we skip right over it because we think it 's actually contradictory evidence when it may be anything but . " One of the most poignant stories that Bruni shares in his book is the letter Matt Levin 's parents wrote to him the night before he received his first college response . Levin , like many of his classmates at Cold Spring Harbor High School on Long Island , had Ivy on his mind . He hoped for admission to Yale , Princeton or Brown , and he did everything to be a standout candidate : studying with a tutor for the SATs , playing on the varsity baseball team , earning one of the highest grade point averages as a junior and volunteering for more than 100 hours of community service . The letters came , and Levin got rejected by all three . His mom and dad , in their letter , wrote , "  Your worth as a person , a student and our son is not diminished or influenced in the least by what these colleges have decided . If it does not go your way , you 'll take a different route to get where you want . " A letter to my son as he leaves for college "  What I love about Matt Levin 's parents and that story is ... they were saying , we know you 've been filled with these aspirations . We may have been agents of filling you with them , " said Bruni . "  What they were saying is this is one metric in a life with many of them . Do not turn this metric into a bludgeon that you are beating yourself up with , and that 's what I think parents need to do . " Is it possible to restore any sanity to the entire college admissions process ? Bruni said what we can do is try to change the conversation and begin to also talk about the negative consequences of this push to get into the most selective school . "  If we give kids too much of an impression that the name on their diploma is going to be everything , we run the risk of also telling them that their diploma is going to do the work for them . " Kids who feel that way often end up in therapy or completely incapable of carving out a life , he said . "  If we talk about all the things that happen , all the negative things that attend an over-concentration on getting into an elite school , then maybe we will begin to not concentrate as much on getting into elite schools . " Bruni hopes parents and students read his book , but he especially hopes graduating seniors read it before they head off to school . Because while we spend so much time worrying about where our kids are going to get in , we spend less time on what they are going to do and explore when they get there . "  So my dream audience are kids going off to college , and kids who are going off to college ... being made to think about more than the name on their sweatshirt and being made to ponder what they 're going to do with this extraordinary privilege . " Do you think going to an elite college gives you a leg up when it comes to professional success ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A new book says that where you go to college does not determine who you will be Author Frank Bruni blames the economy and colleges for increasing the stakes for admission Of the top 10 Fortune 500 CEOs in 2014 , only one went to an Ivy League school
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- In the early days of the Internet , there was hope that the unprecedented tool for global communication would lead to thoughtful sharing and discussion on its most popular sites . A decade and a half later , the very idea is laughable , says Gawker Media founder Nick Denton . "  It did n't happen , " said Denton , whose properties include the blogs Gawker , Jezebel , Gizmodo , io9 and Lifehacker . "  It 's a promise that has so not happened that people do n't even have that ambition anymore . "  The idea of capturing the intelligence of the readership -- that 's a joke . " Denton was speaking at South by Southwest Interactive , the annual festival here devoted to Web and digital culture . He said that commenting on his own sites  which he 's seen make reporters cry  has gotten so bad that he does n't engage . "  I do n't like going into the comments . ... For every two comments that are interesting -- even if they 're critical , you want to engage with them -- there will be eight that are off-topic or just toxic , " he said . And as sites get more popular , it 's harder to control the comments , which inevitably get nastier . "  What you can manage on a small site ... the level of discussion you can have on those is not the level you 're able to have on a newspaper site or one of our sites . Our smaller blogs have 2 million unique  visitors per month  . ... It 's hard to have that intimacy . " So , what 's the solution ? When it comes to improving open discussion threads , Denton , during an interview-style discussion with blogger and Expert Labs director Anil Dash , seemed quicker to shoot down ideas that others are trying than to provide proposals of his own . Having editors and reporters engage their readers in the comments ? "  The writer of the piece has to move on to the next piece . They do n't have time to moderate all those comments . " Require readers to post using their real names ? "  My own view is that anonymity is at the heart of the Internet . " Give other commenters more power to "  up-vote " or "  down-vote " posts ? "  We do n't really believe in the democratic process of decision-making when it comes to discussion , " Denton said . For example , he said , Jezebel has made lots of hay off of sexual harassment accusations against American Apparel Chief Executive Officer Dov Charney . Denton said he 'd love to see Charney come into the comments section to defend himself . "  If you put it to a vote , 90 % would vote to ban him . They hate that guy , " Denton said . "  If Dov Charney went into the Jezebel comments , he 'd be torn limb from limb ; his limbs are n't all that would be torn off . " The answer ? Denton said his sites are planning to post some stories that allow only a hand-picked , pre-approved group of people to comment on them . That , he said , would make the comment section an extension of the story and allow people , like Charney in the above example , to have their say without fear of being piled onto by others . "  I think it 's part of the answer , " he said . "  What I want is , I want the sources -- I want the experts to be able to comment in these discussions . " When he took questions , Denton had to do a little answering about the responsibility the tone of a site itself has in guiding its comments section . Many of Gawker 's sites are n't known for being particularly delicate  One of today 's top Gawker headlines : "  Arnold Schwarzenegger 's Son Injures Ass Skiing , Tweets Photo "  . "  It 's certainly true that nice sites run by nice people ... that encourages good behavior , " Denton said . "  But it 's not as if it 's entirely the writer setting the tone for the comments . Sometimes , it 's the comments setting the tone for the writer . "	Gawker chief : Idea of positive online comments has become a joke Nick Denton speaks at the South by Southwest Interactive festival He said the bigger a site is , the harder it is to curate comment sections One idea ? Making certain stories only open to a few select commenters
February 23 , 2015 A terrorist group is telling its followers to target shopping malls , but U.S. officials say there 's no specific threat . An outbreak of a dangerous disease is n't over , but some Liberian schoolchildren are finally getting back to class . And Pluto might 've lost its planetary status , but it 's still getting a visitor from Earth . It 's all ahead on this Monday 's show ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Last week world No. 1 Novak Djokovic wanted to win this year 's French Open to complete his collection of grand slam titles , now he wants the trophy for a more pressing reason -- to honor the death of his "  second mother " . Jelena Gencic , who coached Djokovic for five years from when he was just six , died on Saturday . The potential impact of the 77-year-old 's death on her Serbian compatriot was deemed to be so great that Djokovic 's management team kept the news from him until after he had beaten Grigor Dimitrov in Saturday 's third round . Djokovic 's reaction backed up their assessment as the 26-year-old canceled his post-match news conference , issuing an apology to the media as he did so . On Monday , he paid tribute to his mentor shortly after seeing off Philipp Kohlschreiber 4-6 6-3 6-4 6-4 to reach this year 's quarterfinals at Roland Garros . "  She 's one of the most incredible people I ever knew , " he told reporters . "  Jelena was my first coach and was like my second mother . "  We were very close throughout my whole life and she taught me a lot of things that are part of me , part of my character today . I have the nicest memories of her and these will stay with me forever . "  I think it was the right thing to give me the news after the match  against Dimitrov  , " he added . "  Regardless of the timing , it was still a shock . " A beaten finalist in Paris last year -- when he lost out to Roland Garros record breaker Rafael Nadal -- Djokovic last saw Gencic in February , shortly before the start of the Dubai Open . Yet his last conversation with a woman who also helped develop the talents of grand slam champions Goran Ivanisevic and Monica Seles came far more recently . "  I remember the last conversation we had two weeks ago about Roland Garros , and she told me , ` Listen , you have to focus , you have to give your attention to this tournament . This is a tournament you need to win . ' "  She was giving me this kind of inspiration and motivation even more . So now I feel in her honor that I need to go all the way . "  But it 's not about me only . There are so many great players still around in the tournament . It gives me that inner strength to push even harder . " In a recent interview , Gencic said she spotted Djokovic 's potential almost from the moment she first met him in Belgrade . "  When I met him I knew immediately that he was different . I told his father that he was an exceptional talent and that one day he will be a big champion , " said a woman who represented the former state of Yugoslavia at both tennis and handball . After he won Wimbledon for the first -- and to date -- only time in 2011 , Djokovic visited Gencic as part of his celebrations . And the world number one says Gencic , who was recently battling breast cancer , has inspired him to work with young tennis players in the future . "  She was 77 years old , and before she passed away two days ago , last week she was giving lessons to kids , " he said . "  I hope to follow on from where she stopped . She gave so much knowledge and I feel I have a responsibility to carry on that work . "  She never married , never had children . She was dedicated to tennis , the kids and coaching . " "  I know that her spirit will be always with me and always on the tennis court , because this is what she always loved to do . It 's her favorite place in the world and I 'll make sure that her legacy continues . " If the Serb is to provide his perfect send-off for Gencic by winning Roland Garros for the first time - and thus become only the eighth man to achieve the career grand slam - he must first beat Tommy Haas , who is also chasing history . When the number 12 seed beat Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny , the German became the oldest man to reach the quarterfinals of a grand slam since Andre Agassi in 2005 and the oldest to do so in Paris since 1971 . Once ranked number two in the world , Haas , 35 , missed the entirety of the 2013 season after twice undergoing should surgery -- but is now one of four players over 30 in the quarterfinals along with Roger Federer , David Ferrer and Tommy Robredo . "  I think we all just are smarter about how we train , about how we eat , about how we do recovery , " he said . "  The physical and fitness areas have improved a lot in sports in general . I think that 's why you see maybe more people also in the early , mid-30s doing well . " At least one man over the age of 30 will reach the semifinals , since Ferrer and Robredo meet in the quarters , while Federer will take on local hope Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , a relative strapling at the age of 28 . Age was also on the minds of those watching Rafael Nadal on Monday , with the Parisian crowd singing ` Happy Birthday ' to a man who celebrated his 27th birthday in style . Bidding to become the first man in tennis history to win eight titles at the same major championship , Nadal won 6-4 6-1 6-3 against 13th seed Kei Nishikori , the first Japanese man in the fourth round since Fumiteru Nakano in 1938 . "  It 's a very special moment , " said Nadal of the crowd 's decision to break into song . "  Kei is a great player and he is getting better every season . But today I think I played my best match of the tournament . " Nadal will play Stanislas Wawrinka in the quarterfinals after the Swiss beat Frenchman Richard Gasquet in a thrilling match , with the ninth seed rallying from two sets down to win 6-7 4-6 6-4 7-5 8-6 .	World No. 1 Novak Djokovic pays tribute to first coach Jelena Gencic after reaching quarters Tommy Haas makes history as oldest French Open quarterfinalist since 1971 Rafa Nadal is serenaded on 27th birthday by Parisian crowd as he beats Japan 's Kei Nishikori
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- Two Pakistani men accused of providing logistical support for last year 's deadly terror attacks in Mumbai , India , were arrested Saturday in Italy , police said . They were arrested in the northern Italian city of Brescia , said Stefano Fonzi , head of Italy 's Division of General Investigations and Special Operations . The attacks on India 's largest city lasted four days . The attackers targeted several sites in Mumbai , taking over several hotels and a Jewish center . The attacks left 160 people dead . On November 25 , 2008 , the day before the attacks in Mumbai , the two men arrested allegedly transferred $ 229 that was used to activate Internet phone lines used by the suspects . Two others connected with the longstanding money transfer agency in Brescia also were arrested for other illegal activity , Fonzi told CNN . Police are looking for a fifth man . Italian police started their investigation the following month after being alerted by Indian authorities and the FBI that funds had been transferred from Italy , Fonzi said . Authorities suspected the agency after money was transferred under the Muslim name of a man who had never entered Italy , a police statement said . Indian police have said 10 Pakistanis were involved in the deadly assault , nine of whom were killed in the carnage . The lone surviving suspect has linked the coordinated shooting and bombing incidents to the leader of the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a militant group that is banned in India . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report .	Two men arrested in Italy in connection with November 2008 Mumbai , India , terror attacks Police say men transferred money to activate Internet phone lines for terrorists Siege at hotels and attacks on other targets left 160 people dead
CNN  -- A Beijing court has prosecuted more than a dozen people for organizing the illegal sale of 51 human kidneys worth about 10 million yuan  US$ 1.6 million  in one of China 's biggest organ trafficking cases . The ring , headed by Zheng Wei , allegedly helped scores of customers find organs by paying mostly young and poor men approximately 25,000 yuan each . Their kidneys were then sold for about 200,000 yuan , according to the state-controlled People 's Daily . The Beijing Haidian District People 's Procuratorate prosecuted Zheng and 15 others involved in the scam , including some doctors from state-run hospitals . According to reports , an operation room from a township hospital in Jiangsu Province was set up between March and June of 2010 , where more than 20 kidneys were removed from living "  sellers " and sent to Beijing for patients suffering from kidney disease . Zheng then purportedly moved the operational base to Beijing in the second half of the year to ensure easier transportation of the organs and to minimize their spoiling . Police busted up the ring in December . One analyst believes the shortage of donated organs in China is the main motive for the growing practice , but added that the issue of ethics played its part . "  The involvement of medical staff in such illegal acts reflects management loopholes in hospitals . Strengthening professional ethics of doctors is important to wiping out the illegal dealings , " Zhou Zijun , a professor at Peking University 's School of Public Health , told the People 's Daily .	Sixteen people allegedly helped sell 51 human kidneys worth $ 1.6 million The ring allegedly helped scores of customers find organs by targeting poor men One analyst believes the shortage of donated organs in China is the main motive
CNN  -- Love him or hate him , Kanye West will always be himself -- especially when he 's burying the hatchet with Jimmy Kimmel . The 36-year-old Grammy winner appeared on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " on Wednesday to discuss the feud the two got into a few weeks ago . Kanye West and Twitter : A brief history It all started with Kimmel 's parody of West 's recent interview with BBC Radio 1 , during which he spoke at length about feeling artistically boxed in and the status of hip-hop as the new rock n ' roll .  That 's where West 's now legendary quote , "  I 'm the No. 1 rock star on the planet , " came from . Kimmel , who admitted Wednesday that he 'd only seen a few portions of West 's viral interview , latched on to the rapper 's reference to leather jogging pants , which he says he invented before they became fashionable . For his late-night program on ABC , Kimmel re-enacted that portion of the interview with little kids . "  I wanted to clear this up . I really felt bad about all of this stuff , I did , " Kimmel told West . "  The main reason I did  the sketch  is because I like to see kids curse ... Most people maybe even think that this is some publicity stunt that we cooked up . " But of course , West does n't do publicity stunts , "  period , " he said . "  Everyone out there ... needs to know that I 've never done a publicity stunt in my life . Anytime I 've went up and spoke my mind , whether it put my career in jeopardy ... it was always what I thought was the truth . I do n't follow rules of normal celebrity . " In the end , West explained , Kimmel became a sort of scapegoat for all the other members of the media who 've published "  bogus " information . Kanye West : I 'm the No. 1 rock star on the planet "  A combination of me knowing you , but also , me not knowing the person who put a bad headline on the cover of In Touch , I was like , well this is the one person I know , " West said . "  So I can go and let out everything that I feel about every single bogus weekly cover , every single bogus skit , every single rumor -- everything that people think is OK to treat celebrities like zoo animals , or act like what they 're saying is not serious . " West said his frustration admittedly escalated after his initial phone call with Kimmel about the sketch . "  It elevates sometimes , " West said . "  At a certain point , egos flare up , and we just kind of took it back to high school for a little bit . " For Kimmel , it was odd to be in a feud with West , someone he 's gotten to know well enough where he has found himself defending the artist 's reputation . "  A lot of times , I think you bring it on yourself , this misunderstanding about you . I do n't know if you know this , but a lot of people think you 're a jerk , " Kimmel told West . "  I often , in my own personal conversations , say , ` No , I know this guy , he is not a jerk . ' " Kanye and Kim take Paris Yet to West , likability is apparently immaterial . "  I 'm not running for office , I 'm just here to make good music , " West said . "  When I did that interview , I was really vocal about a lot of the things that I 've been dealing with over the past 10 years when I was put in the classification of ` just a celebrity . ' For me , I 'm a creative genius , and there 's no other way to word it . I know you 're not supposed to say that about yourself , and I say things the wrong way a lot of times , but my intention is always positive . ... I want to help the world . " Kimmel pointed out those sorts of statements are what critics use against West , but to him , "  to say that I was n't a genius , I would be lying to you and to myself . " "  I could care less about any of these cameras , in all honesty . All I care about is my family , I care about protecting my girl , protecting my baby , and protecting my ideas and my dreams . That 's the reason why I went so crazy , " West said . " I 'm totally weird , and I 'm totally honest , and I 'm totally inappropriate sometimes ... I 'm just going to give y' all the truth , and y' all going to learn to love it . You 're going to love me , you 're going to hate me , but I 'm going to be me . " And since he was sharing his truth , West told Kimmel that he did find a bit of joy in his profane Twitter spree . "  As I was writing it , there was a frustration I was getting out , but also they were really funny to me . I just thought it was so amazing that I was saying this in real time with my position , because as soon as you 're a celebrity you 're not allowed to say anything anymore , " West said , adding with a laugh , "  You should 've seen the second set of tweets . " Kimmel responded with a laugh , "  Let 's save them for next time . "	Kanye West appeared on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " on Wednesday The artist talked about his recent feud with Kimmel Both men shared their perspective and had a meeting of the minds
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. said Friday that he was fighting to get "  my name back " after he was identified as "  Senate Candidate 5 " in a criminal complaint against Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich . Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. says neither he nor any emissaries offered favors in exchange for a Senate appointment . Jackson , the son of famed civil rights leader Jesse Jackson and a six-term Democratic congressman from Chicago , had publicly sought to succeed President-elect Barack Obama in the U.S. Senate . Jackson had talked to Blagojevich , the person with the sole power to make the appointment , on Monday , just one day before federal agents arrested the Illinois governor . Jackson said he only presented his credentials and polling information that suggests he could win re-election in 2010 . Jackson said he had fought corruption "  since day one " but said he could not serve as Illinois senator until his name was cleared in the public eye . "  While I would be honored to serve the people of this state , it is clear to me that I am in no capacity to serve them if there is a cloud over my head that seems to suggest that I am involved in some unscrupulous scheme to be a United States senator or anything else , " Jackson told CNN 's Don Lemon . Prosecutors accuse Blagojevich of selling the Senate seat in exchange for campaign contributions and other favors . However , they did not accuse Jackson or any of the other candidates referred to in the complaint of wrongdoing . Jackson denied participating in the "  pay to play " politics that Blagojevich is accused of in a federal criminal complaint . Jackson also said he was eager to talk to U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald about his role . "  When it 's over , I want everyone to know that I want my name back . ... I 'm fighting now for my character , and I 'm also fighting for my life , " he said . "  This is about my children being able to Google their name in five years and there be nothing there associated with them that suggests anything wrong . " Watch Jackson say he wants his name back " Jackson said he does not understand why Blagojevich believed he would trade favors in exchange for an appointment to the Senate , saying he had "  nothing to offer but my record of public service . " He also said he did not send an emissary -- including his father or his brother , Jonathan -- to Blagojevich offering favors . "  When the facts become clear ... I think the American people will recognize that the governor of our state is a little different , " he said . Watch Jackson question the governor 's mental capacity " Jackson said it is wrong for politicians to believe they can gain personally as a result of holding public office . "  I think that there is a disconnect between public service and private sacrifice . ... If for one moment you think that public service is also private gain , then you are trampling on very , very unsteady ground that is likely to force you and good people with good names in a very different process , " he said . CNN 's Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .	Jackson identified as "  Senate Candidate 5 " in complaint against Blagojevich Representative says he can not serve as a senator while under an ethical cloud Jackson says he did not offer favors to Blagojevich in exchange for Senate seat Chicago Democrat says he is eager to talk to prosecutors and clear his name
London  CNN  -- Apps -- those bite-sized portals to mass information and services -- have not only revolutionized the way we communicate , but also how we travel and how we maximize our time on the road . Tom Dunmore , creative director at Mediablaze , which runs app-review website "  Life of Android , " says because apps are location sensitive , easy to use and constantly connected , they are "  the next stage of the internet . " "  Increasingly , we 'll see people rely on apps in the way they previously relied on maps , guide books and indeed personal assistants , booking flights and hotels -- all those things suddenly merged down into a mobile phone , " he says . This efficient experience is driving the growth of travel apps , where all sectors of the industry are responding to our appetite for arranging our travel online -- digital DIY . See also : Budget airlines go long haul Paul English , co-founder of travel website Kayak , admits that he was wrong about the initial reasons for developing an app version of the site . "  I had this thought that the reason people are going to be using Kayak on a mobile would be -- they 'd be in New York , they 'd get drunk , or a meeting ran late , they 'd miss their flight home and they needed to get a last-minute hotel in the city , " says English . "  I had our head of engineering run a report for showing how many days out people start searching Kayak on their mobile phone compared to on the website -- what shocked me was the data was almost exactly the same , " he adds . "  Having real-time information about what 's happening with their travel has made people feel powerful . " It became obvious to English that people think of their mobile phone as their computer , where they demand full functionality of websites on the move to plan itineraries for themselves . With over 12 million downloads since 2009 , Kayak now dedicates 20 % of its engineering team to app development , working on key searches for travelers , who can also integrate their itinerary with calendars to share with friends and colleagues . "  It 's really changed us as a company , in the way we think , " says English . "  We take guidance from what 's going on with the app and adapt the website , not the other way around . It 's also helped raise awareness of the company . " See also : Ayesha 's travel essentials It 's not just the travel industry that realizes the value of apps . A study by Forrester Research forecasts that companies will spend up to $ 17 billion over the next four years creating apps for their products . Revenue from selling these apps could reach $ 38 billion by 2015 . A report published by Deloitte in January found that the value of the app economy in the UK alone is $ 700 million  â ‚ ¬ 522.5 m  , creating more than 7,000 jobs . Among the UK 's app developers is Realmac Software . It 's app "  Clear " has struck a chord with people 's need for order . The digital "  to-do list " became a huge seller after it launched in February 2012 . Costing $ 1 on several app stores , including Apple 's , so far more than half a million copies of Clear have been sold . "  We 've definitely raised the bar in terms the amount of touch gestures you use in an app -- pinch , slide , expand -- we 've taken it to a whole new level " says Nik Fletcher , product manager at Realmac , which was established 10 years ago . "  Pretty much anyone can sign up to be an app developer , " says Fletcher . "  You pay $ 99 a year , paid to Apple , and that basically gives you access to all the developer resources they provide and allows you to submit your apps for their consideration on the app store . "  Once your app has been approved by Apple , it 's on sale pretty much to any app store in the world . The barrier is so much lower now . A single person can start building an app and publish it and they 're in the same league as all these major brands . You do n't need the backing of a big brand to be successful . "	Apps are increasingly being used to plan travel on the go People use apps like they use maps and guidebooks , says Tom Dunmore , of Mediablaze Report says apps could be a $ 38 billion industry by 2015
CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama heads south of the border Thursday to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto in the country 's capital . Here are three key topics that are likely to be on the table , and a look at how the leaders and Mexicans have weighed in on those issues . 1 . Trade and economic ties The situation : The United States is Mexico 's largest trading partner , and Mexico is America 's third-largest trade partner , after China and Canada . Imports and exports between the two countries totaled nearly $ 500 billion last year . Officials on both sides of the border have said they want economic relations to be a focal point during Obama 's visit . Obama 's trip comes as Peña Nieto 's government has said it 's on the verge of pursuing reforms in the country 's state-run oil company -- a politically divisive issue in Mexico and something U.S. and global investors are watching closely . Obama 's take : "  We spend so much time on security issues between the United States and Mexico that sometimes I think we forget this is a massive trading partner , responsible for huge amounts of commerce and huge numbers of jobs on both sides of the border , " Obama told reporters on Tuesday . "  We want to see how we can deepen that , how we can improve that , and maintain that economic dialogue over a long period of time . " Peña Nieto 's take : "  We should reconsider greater integration of North America to achieve a region that is more competitive and capable of creating more jobs , " Peña Nieto told Obama during a meeting at the White House in November . Public opinion : Most Mexicans think the deep economic ties between the two countries are good for Mexico , according to survey results released this week by the Pew Research Center . But when the 1,000 people surveyed in March were asked about the influence the United States currently has on economic conditions in Mexico , views were mixed . One-third of Mexicans say the United States is having a positive impact on national economic conditions in Mexico , while 28 % think the United States is having a negative impact . 2 . Immigration The situation : The United States and Mexico are bound by a border which has made for a dysfunctional relationship over the years , especially when it comes to immigration . However , both governments have the issue high on their list of priorities . In the United States , a bipartisan group of senators have proposed an immigration reform bill , with U.S.-Mexico border security at its foundation . There are more than 11 million Mexicans living in the United States , including the 6 million estimated to be living there illegally as of 2010 . But the migration rate from Mexico fell to zero in 2012 , meaning the number of Mexicans coming to the United States -- and those going the other way -- was virtually identical . Obama 's take : "  We 've got to have more effective border security ; although it should build on the great improvements that have been made on border security over the last four or five years , " Obama said in a news conference this week . "  We should make the legal immigration system work more effectively so that the waits are not as burdensome , the bureaucracy is not as complicated , so we continue to attract the best and the brightest from around the world to our shores in a legal fashion . " Peña Nieto 's take : "  We fully support your proposal for this migration reform , " Peña Nieto told Obama in November . "  More than demanding what you should do or should n't do , we do want to tell you that we want to contribute . We really want to participate with you . We want to contribute toward the accomplishment , so that of course we can participate in the betterment and the well-being of so many millions of people who live in your country . " Public opinion : According to the Pew Research Center , Mexicans are divided on whether this is good or bad for their country ; 44 % say it 's good for Mexico that many of its citizens live in the United States , and an equal share say this is bad for Mexico . And , perhaps the most surprising find from the study said that 61 % of Mexicans would not move to the United States even if they had the means to do so . However , 35 % say they would move to the United States if they could , including 20 % who say they would emigrate without authorization . A little less than a third of the Mexicans questioned  30 %  say they personally know someone who went to the United States but returned to Mexico because the person could n't find work , according to the Pew Research Center . About a quarter  27 %  know someone who has been deported or detained by the U.S. government for immigration reasons in the last 12 months . 3 . Security and the drug war The situation : The battle against drug cartels has played a dominant role in U.S.-Mexican relations in recent years . Officials on both sides of the border have said that drugs traveling north from Mexico to consumers in the United States and weapons traveling south from the United States to cartels in Mexico are an increasingly deadly combination . High-profile cartel takedowns were a hallmark of former President Felipe Calderon 's tenure . Peña Nieto has vowed to take a different approach , focusing more on education problems and social inequality that he says fuel drug violence . The details of his policies are still coming into focus , and analysts say his government has deliberately tried to shift drug violence out of the spotlight . Critics have expressed concerns that Peña Nieto 's government will turn a blind eye to cartels or negotiate with them -- something he repeatedly denied on the campaign trail last year . On Tuesday -- two days before Obama 's arrival -- his government arrested the father-in-law of Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , head of Mexico 's Sinaloa cartel and one of the country 's most-wanted drug lords . While both Obama and Peña Nieto have said they 're committed to working together on security issues , it 's unclear whether the U.S. role will change as Mexico 's government shifts its strategy . Obama 's take : The U.S. president has repeatedly said the United States will work to reduce demand for drugs and to stop the illegal flow of weapons to Mexico . But there 's one approach he says is n't on the table -- drug legalization . Speaking at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia last year , Obama said it was reasonable to debate alternatives in the war on drugs , but insisted legalizing drugs is not a valid option in the United States . "  I think it is entirely legitimate to have a conversation about whether the laws in place are doing more harm than good in certain places , " Obama said . "  I personally , and my administration 's position is , that legalization is not the answer . " Peña Nieto 's take : Last year , Peña Nieto told CNN that creating more economic opportunities will be Mexico 's greatest weapon in the war on drugs . "  That , I think , is going to be the best way my government can prevent organized crime , " he said . Without jobs and social programs , he added , "  millions of my countrymen have no other option than to dedicate themselves sometimes to criminal activity . " Public opinion : Nearly a third of Mexicans surveyed by Pew say Mexico 's government is losing ground against cartels , while 37 % say the government is making progress . Mexican public opinion is mixed over the U.S. role in the fight against drug cartels , according to the Pew survey . Nearly three-quarters of Mexicans surveyed said they would welcome U.S. assistance in training Mexican police and military personnel . But support for the United States providing money and weapons to Mexican forces has lost some support in recent years , Pew said . In 2011 , 64 % of those surveyed said they backed such a strategy . This year , 55 % said they supported that approach . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	Obama and Peña Nieto have said they want to focus on the economy this week Security and immigration are also key issues between the U.S. and Mexico A recent survey indicates Mexican public opinion on the issues is mixed It 's unclear whether the U.S. role will change as Mexico 's drug war strategy shifts
CNN  -- If Elana Meyers Taylor makes bobsled history this season , her husband will have been the driving force . Meyers Taylor , 30 , won Olympic silver at Sochi 2014 -- but had a whole new world open up to her last month . Her sport decided , for the first time , to let women pilot four-man bobsleds . Until now , women have been restricted to their own two-person event . Meyers Taylor and Kaillie Humphries , the Canadian friend and rival who beat her to women 's gold in Sochi , had been dreaming of this change . "  I did n't know if it would ever be possible to race and compete in four-man , " Meyers Taylor told CNN . "  Kaillie and I had already been planning a match race -- just the two of us , each driving a four-man sled . "  We had no idea the FIBT  bobsled 's world governing body  would allow us to do it in official races . It 's crazy-fun , fast , and a whole new ball game . " In October , Meyers Taylor got the news that four-man was opening up to female pilots and set about putting together her team . Conveniently , she is married to an experienced bobsled brakeman . Nic Taylor met his future wife on the phone , in 2011 , when she was working for the U.S. bobsled federation and he had just completed tryouts . Their conversation was supposed to be about his paperwork . "  It was crazy , " he recalled . "  I was n't sure who she was , at all . But we were on the phone for hours , into the evening , and I was walking around laughing like I was on the phone to an old friend . " By 2013 , Taylor was begging FIBT boss Ivo Ferriani to pull some strings : he wanted to propose to Meyers , as she then was , during the podium ceremony at the end of that year 's World Championships , where Meyers had won silver . Ferriani played along and Taylor surprised Meyers in front of the TV cameras . On April 24 this year , the two were married in a ceremony attended by Humphries and other leading bobsledders . They even shared a secret bobsled handshake during their vows -- but neither had any idea they would be racing together , for real , six months later . ` Like driving a truck ' Taylor , who spent several seasons in the US bobsled team , now works as a coach at the World Athletics Center in Arizona . When they heard about the chance to race together , the pair dropped everything . Taylor found time to step away from his new job and back into the world of bobsled racing . "  We 're recently married , we 're starting this whole new chapter of our lives -- with an apartment and all these things going on -- then we find out about this four-man thing and we 're scrambling to see how we can make it work , " said Meyers Taylor . Trials to make the U.S. four-man team were set for Saturday , November 8 , in Park City , Utah . By the start of that week , the Taylors had assembled their team . Elana would be the pilot and Nic the brakeman , with rookie Dustin Greenwood and Adrian Adams filling out the sled . They would be up against the likes of Steven Holcomb , who piloted the US to four-man gold at the Vancouver Olympics four years ago . Never mind four years . The Taylors had four days to prepare . "  I had four days ' training , doing three runs each day , " admitted Meyers Taylor , laughing . "  And it really was a different experience . "  I 'm so much more stable in corners than I am with a women 's  two-person  sled , but mistakes in the four-man sled -- because of the weight -- have much bigger results , so there is much less room for error . "  People say a two-man sled is like driving a racecar , and a four-man is like driving a truck . And it feels that way . " The Taylors had been together in a sled before . They once held an informal race against U.S. team-mates Holcomb and Katie Eberling , dubbed the "  co-coed championships , " which improbably ended in a tie . But what surprised Taylor was the way his wife let no pressure show as she fought -- with minimal training -- for a place on the U.S. four-man squad . "  The closest thing I can relate it to is an NFL quarterback , " said Taylor . "  You 'd have a Tom Brady , you 'd have a Peyton Manning and you 'd have an Elana Meyers . "  Pre-race , each driver has their signature style . A lot of the guys get really worked up , like entering a football game , but Elana 's laughing the whole time , which is awesome . "  It just takes a little getting used to . There are guys yelling and grunting and screaming , and Elana 's just sitting around and laughing , ready to go . " Fastest and strongest That laughter masked nerves . "  The first run in a four-man sled was one of the most nerve-wracking I 've had in my life , " said Meyers Taylor . "  You get this feeling in bobsled , like a combination of excitement , anxiety and pure nervousness , and you get that combination only very few times . "  I remember having it the first time I drove down Whistler 's track . I assume I 'll have that feeling the first time we go to Altenberg , Germany , which is one of the more difficult tracks on tour . "  And I definitely had that feeling going into driving a four-man . I got to the bottom and was laughing hysterically . " The end product ? Third place at U.S. national trials , behind Holcomb and two-time Olympian Nick Cunningham . The top three get places on the U.S. team . Mission accomplished . Part one , at least . Part two is trickier . To reach the leading World Cup circuit -- and race against Humphries in what promises to be a historic four-man battle -- Taylor needs to compete in five qualifying races . That means finding a substantial sum of money . "  I was already planning on competing in four races on two tracks  in North America  , and was hoping to get a waiver out of the last race , " she said after the selection races . "  But that now looks unlikely , which means I have to go to France for a race in December . "  I need about $ 10,000 to complete that trip . The goal now is to get to France . Somehow . " Not only that , Meyers Taylor will need a new lineup . Her husband 's job in Arizona means , despite helping her to qualify for the team , he almost certainly can not go with her . On the bright side , he still gets to feel involved . He coaches at the World Athletics Center . She trains at the World Athletics Center . One of his athletes is , you guessed it , his own wife . "  We spend a lot of time together and he puts me through some pretty brutal workouts , " said Meyers Taylor . "  When we go home , I 'm like , ` You could have given me an extra 10 seconds to rest , you know . It did n't have to be like that . ' " Her husband laughed off that assessment . "  It 's more me having her do less , instead of more , " he said . "  She 's one of the most motivated people I 've ever met in my life . "  That 's one of the things that made me fall for her so far . She keeps driving forward . " Meyers Taylor , who spent the summer playing rugby sevens and still harbors an ambition to return to that sport for Rio 2016 , is convinced she can take on the men and win . "  The biggest disadvantage is the weight . Steve Holcomb , who is one of the top pilots in the world , weighs around 235 pounds , whereas I 'm 175 , " she said . "  But I "  m really not too concerned about it . Kaillie  who also qualified for the four-man at her national trials  and I are two of the fastest , and strongest , female pilots in the world . We have outpushed some of the men before and there 's no reason to think we ca n't hang with some of them now . "  We are going to have to drive better than them , because of our slight push disadvantage against some of the top competitors , but we 're all about it -- and we 're all for it . "	Four-man bobsled racing now open to female pilots for the first time Olympic silver medalist Elana Meyers Taylor hopes to make the US World Cup team Meyers Taylor raced in US selection trials alongside her husband , Nic Taylor Couple must now find $ 10,000 to keep four-man racing dream alive
CNN  -- A man who lost both legs in the Boston Marathon attack is engaged to the woman he was waiting for at the finish line . Jeff Bauman , 28 , is also expected a child this summer with fiancee Erin Hurley , 27 , according to an announcement on his foundation 's Facebook page : "  We are so happy to share with you exciting news that has happened over the last few months ... Jeff and Erin became engaged and are expecting their first child in the summer !!! Congratulations Jeff and Erin !! " The posting did not reveal a due date for the child or a wedding date . Bauman is credited with helping investigators identify the suspects in the April 15 , 2013 , double bombing . The image of the maimed Bauman being led to safety by a man in a cowboy hat became one of the most memorable images of the Boston Marathon terrorist attack that killed three and injured more than 260 people . A day after he woke up from two life-saving surgeries with no legs , he mustered the strength to describe bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev to law enforcement . Tsarnaev 's younger brother , Dzhokhar , has pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges related the bombings , including murder . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed when his brother ran over him as police were trying to handcuff him in a chase a few days later , authorities said . Bauman announced in September that he will publish a memoir -- titled "  Stronger " -- about his experiences at and since the marathon . "  The past months have often been difficult , but the support I 've received from around the world , and especially from the people of Boston , has inspired me to set and achieve high goals , " he said in a statement released by Grand Central Publishing last year . The book , which will be co-written by author Bret Witter , will be released to coincide with next month 's first anniversary of the bombings . Bags , strollers , unregistered runners not welcome No wrongdoing found in FBI shooting after Boston bombing Woman gets new leg , and new life , after bombings Survivor meets woman she says saved her life CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Jeff Bauman is seen in a memorable photo of the attack aftermath Bauman was waiting for Erin Hurley at the finish line when the bombs exploded Bauman is credited with helping investigators identify the suspects The announcement did not reveal a due date for the child or a wedding date
CNN  -- Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel are getting their group back together this spring for a reunion tour of Asia and Australia , according to a source close to the group . Art Garfunkel and Paul Simon , here performing at a 2007 gala , are planning to tour this summer . Reunion plans apparently began after Simon and Garfunkel played three songs together during Simon 's two-night gig at New York 's Beacon Theatre in February . Tour rehearsals begin in New York in May and the tour will launch in New Zealand around the first week of June , according to the source . Shows in Australia and possibly Japan will follow , the source said . Simon 's manager , Jeff Kramer , has asked the group 's musicians to clear their calendars -- which means canceling other shows -- from late May through June , the source said . Kramer , in a statement to Rolling Stone magazine after the February show , hinted that a tour was in the works . No official announcement has been made and Simon 's publicist has not responded to CNN requests for comment . "  Yes there have been conversations taking place , but nothing has been confirmed , " Kramer told Rolling Stone . Simon and Garfunkel last reunited for their "  Old Friends " tour in 2003 and 2004 , which Rolling Stone estimated earned $ 123 million . The duo , friends since childhood , is famous for breaking up and making up about every dozen years . Their biggest hits together came in the late 1960s -- including "  Bridge Over Troubled Water , " "  Mrs. Robinson " and "  Scarborough Fair . "	Source : Simon and Garfunkel to tour Asia , Australia this summer Award-winning duo has had ups and downs since early - '70s split Pair , known for many hits , last toured in 2003 and 2004
CNN  -- Park rangers will resume their search Monday for a teenage swimmer who was swept over a nearly 600-foot waterfall in California 's Yosemite National Park over the weekend . Aleh Kalman had been swimming about 150 feet from the edge of the Nevada Fall on Saturday afternoon when he was caught up in the swift current of the Merced River , the National Park Service reported . The 19-year-old Sacramento resident had gone to the park with a church group , the park service said . "  We believe it 's impossible to survive a fall like that , " park spokeswoman Kari Cobb said . Swimming above the 594-foot Nevada Fall is not illegal , but the river is marked by signs warning of the danger , Cobb said . Searchers on foot and a California Highway Patrol helicopter crew attempted to find Kalman on Saturday but had to cut short efforts at nightfall . The grim task resumed Sunday , aided by three dog teams , the park service said . Minnesota hiker falls from cliff to his death near Yosemite waterfall The Merced River was running about 500 cubic feet per second on Saturday , "  a very swift and powerful spring flow of water , " the park service noted in a written statement . That had gone up to about 650 cubic feet per second on Sunday . "  Although the park received only 50 percent of normal snow pack , rivers within the park continue to run at high levels this time of the year , " the service said . "  Additionally , the water remains extremely cold and will be throughout the year . " Three other people were swept over another Merced River waterfall , the 317-foot Vernal Fall , in 2011 . Yosemite is about 200 miles east of San Francisco .	Searchers seek body of 19-year-old Aleh Kalman The Sacramento teen was carried over the 594-foot Nevada Fall "  We believe it 's impossible to survive a fall like that , " a park spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Thousands of supporters have donated money to outspoken Chinese artist Ai Weiwei in order to pay a 15 million yuan  $ 2.3 million  tax bill from the Chinese government . The controversial artist has already received more than 6,000,000 yuan  $ 958,000  from more than 22,200 people . While many have sent money via post and the internet , other have resorted to rather unconventional methods -- folding bank notes into paper planes and throwing them into Ai 's garden at night . Speaking to CNN , Ai Weiwei said people were using their donations to make a political statement . "  They would say we support you , we 've never had a chance to express . This is such unfairness . It 's not a fine to you but to us all , " he said . How Ai Weiwei became an Internet master Ai received the $ 2.3 million tax bill on November 1 and was given 15 days to pay . It comes after the artist was detained by authorities in April on the grounds of tax evasion . Ai has called the actions by Chinese authorities a "  retaliation against a dissident " and says he has no choice but to pay the bill . "  They -LSB- the Chinese authorities -RSB- said if I pay it means I accept the accusation , " he said . "  But if you do n't pay they can accuse you of another crime . "  Either way you 're not going to be out . We ca n't stop to argue , we ca n't appeal , we ca n't go to the court , " he continued . The outpouring of support and donations has come as a surprise to the artist who said he never asked for money . He has also stressed he will pay back "  every penny . " "  We did n't expect so many people to be involved in it , " he said . "  Over 20,000 people in the past few days send money , this has never happened . It 's unthinkable in this nation 's history . Interviewing Ai Weiwei , by Kristie Lu Stout On his Google + page , Ai has detailed various payment channels for the donations which include cash , PayPal , China Construction Bank , and the Chinese third-party payment network Alipay . As well as support Ai says he has received further unwelcome attention from authorities , with an increased police presence around his compound in Beijing . "  There is much tighter control and armed police follow me . Also , I have to see them every other day , " he said . Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report .	Over 20,000 people have made donations to help Ai Weiwei pay tax bill The $ 2.3 million bill was issued after Ai was accused of tax evasion More than $ 958,000 has been raised so far Ai : "  Donations are a political statement "
CNN  -- While a 5-year-old victim of an alleged rape recovers in a New Delhi hospital , India 's prime minister admits that his country has "  vast improvements to make " when it comes to "  the safety , security and status of women in our society , " and protesters are taking to the streets of the Indian capital . The little girl is stable , conscious and alert , her doctor , D.K. Sharma , said Sunday . The girl 's neighbor , who allegedly raped her , was arrested in Bihar state in eastern India , then brought to New Delhi in police custody , city police spokesman Rajan Bhagat said . The suspect is expected in court Monday and will not be eligible for bail , Bhagat said . Indian police say the suspect abducted the 5-year-old last Sunday , locked her in his house and brutally raped her repeatedly before she was found semiconscious Wednesday on the ground floor of her building . Opinion : India can learn respect for women Doctors said they had to remove foreign objects , including candle pieces and a small bottle , from the girl 's genitals . The assault came just four months after a 23-year-old physiotherapy student was gang raped in a moving bus , triggering seething protests in India . She later died at a Singapore hospital . Criticized for what was seen as a slow response to the savage December attack , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was quick to issue a statement this time , calling the act "  shameful . " Sunday , in a follow-up statement , Singh said , "  The gruesome assault on a little girl a few days back reminds us once again of the need to work collectively to root out this sort of depravity from our society . " Protests have swept through New Delhi since Friday . Many demonstrators are members of a political party of a leading anti-corruption activist , Arvind Kejriwal . Outside the prime minister 's residence Sunday , nonviolent demonstrators conducted a sit-in . Video from CNN affiliate CNN-IBN showed police removing the protesters . As the nation 's media ran footage of a police officer slapping a female protester outside a hospital Sunday , Singh ordered strict action against the officer and anyone else who roughed up demonstrators . The offending officer was suspended , Bhagat said . 3 girls , allegedly raped , found dead in India well 5 men confess to gang-raping Swiss tourist in India CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed from New Delhi and Aliza Kassim from Atlanta .	Indian prime minister says India needs "  vast improvements " on women 's safety The alleged rape of a 5-year-old girl has sparked demonstrations all weekend in India The girl is recovering and is in stable condition , doctors say This is the latest high-profile alleged rape in India , after a gang rape on a bus in December
CNN  -- A Louisiana woman who said she had been set afire by white supremacists inflicted her injuries herself , police said Tuesday . Sharmeka Moffitt was found in a city park in Winnsboro , in rural northeastern Louisiana , on Sunday night with burns over 90 % of her body . The 20-year-old told police she had been attacked and set ablaze by three men who wrote "  KKK " on her car , but Winnsboro Police Chief Lester Thomas said Tuesday afternoon that evidence found on a cigarette lighter and a bottle of charcoal lighter fluid showed "  this was not an attack , but a self-inflicted incident . " Investigators released little else at a Tuesday afternoon news conference . "  This has been a very disturbing case for everyone involved , " Franklin Parish Sheriff Kevin Cobb said . Moffitt was in critical but stable condition at a Shreveport hospital Tuesday night , Franklin Parish Sheriff 's Deputy Bettye McCoy said . CNN 's John Fricke contributed to this report .	The woman was found in a park in Winnsboro , Louisiana She suffered burns over 90 % of her body and said she was set afire by three men Police said evidence found in the park points to "  a self-inflicted incident "
CNN  -- A 12-year-old Arkansas girl who was infected with a rare brain-eating parasite continues to improve , Arkansas Children 's Hospital spokesman Tom Bonner said Sunday . Kali Hardig is eating , drinking , smiling and talking , Bonner said . She is even walking with assistance during therapy sessions . When Kali entered the hospital earlier this summer , she was in critical condition , unresponsive and unable to breathe without the assistance of a breathing tube . A new photo released Sunday shows the dramatic improvement she has made . In the photo , Kali is sitting up in her hospital bed , smiling . Kali 's doctors have been in virtually uncharted territory as they treat her for the rare amoeba , called Naegleria fowleri . Of 128 known cases in the past half-century , just two patients have survived , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Kali is one of two 12-year-olds who recently contracted the amoeba . Zachary Reyna of Florida died last month of the parasite , even after receiving the same experimental drug that was given to Kali . He contracted the amoeba after kneeboarding in a water-filled ditch by his house August 3 , his family told CNN affiliate WBBH . Naegleria fowleri is found in hot springs and warm , fresh water , most often in the southeastern United States . Between 2001 and 2010 , there were 32 reported cases in the United States , the CDC says . Most of the cases occurred in the Southeast . The amoeba enters the body through the nose and travels to the brain . You can not be infected with the organism by drinking contaminated water , the CDC says . "  This infection is one of the most severe infections that we know of , " Dr. Dirk Haselow of the Arkansas Department of Health told CNN affiliate WMC about Kali 's case . "  Ninety-nine percent of people who get it die . " Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise Dr. Sanjiv Pasala , one of Kali 's attending physicians , said they immediately started treating her with an antifungal medicine , antibiotics and a new experimental anti-amoeba drug doctors got directly from the CDC . They also reduced the girl 's body temperature to 93 degrees . Doctors have used that technique in some brain injury cases to preserve undamaged brain tissue . Two weeks ago , doctors checked the girl 's cerebral spinal fluid and could not find any presence of the amoeba . Pasala said that while other cases have not met with such favorable results , what may have made a real difference is that the girl 's mother got her to the hospital so quickly . Willow Springs Water Park in Little Rock is the most likely source of Kali 's infection , according to a news release from the Arkansas Department of Health . Another case of the same parasite , also called primary amoebic meningoencephalitis , was reported in 2010 and was possibly linked to Willow Springs . "  Based on the occurrence of two cases of this rare infection in association with the same body of water and the unique features of the park , the ADH has asked the owner of Willow Springs to voluntarily close the water park to ensure the health and safety of the public , " the news release said . What 's in your pool water ? The first symptoms of primary amoebic meningoencephalitis appear one to seven days after infection , including headache , fever , nausea , vomiting and a stiff neck , according to the CDC . "  Later symptoms include confusion , lack of attention to people and surroundings , loss of balance , seizures and hallucinations , " the government agency 's website states . "  After the start of symptoms , the disease progresses rapidly and usually causes death within one to 12 days . " CNN 's Jacque Wilson , Jen Christiansen , John Bonifield , Caleb Hellerman , Jennifer Bixler and Leslie Holland contributed to this story .	Kali Hardig , 12 , continues to make progress at Arkansas Children 's Hospital Hardig is walking with assistance during therapy sessions , hospital spokesman says Amoeba causes fatal brain infection , according to the CDC Parasite generally found in people who swim in warm , fresh water
CNN  -- Mike Milbury , a former National Hockey League player , coach and executive , is accused of assault and battery on a child stemming from an incident at a youth hockey game . Hours after the allegations became public , NBC -- the network where Milbury serves as a studio analyst for the "  Game of the Week " broadcast -- announced that he wo n't appear on air for an indeterminate period of time . "  In our discussions with Mike , we both came to the conclusion that he should remain off the air while focusing on his affairs , " NBC spokesman Chris McCloskey said in a statement . Milbury , 59 , will be charged with one count each of assault and battery on a child , threatening to commit a crime and disorderly conduct , the Brookline , Massachusetts , police said Friday . Daniel Rabinovitz , Milbury 's Boston-based attorney , said Friday that his client "  denies any allegations that there was an assault of any kind . " "  He simply intervened in an altercation between his son and an opposing player , " Rabinovitz said by e-mail . "  No one was struck , no one was injured , and no one was threatened . " The alleged incident occurred at a skating rink in the suburban Boston community of Brookline . Milbury is an assistant coach for one of the pee wee hockey teams that had been playing , according to a police statement . The police did not immediately offer any further details . Players on pee wee teams generally are 11 and 12 years old . Born in Brighton , Massachusetts , Milbury attended high school in nearby Walpole and then went on to Colgate University . After playing three games with his hometown Bruins in the 1975-76 season , Milbury became a regular on the NHL team 's roster the next season , remaining a key part of the team until his retirement in 1987 . He ended up playing 11 full seasons with the Bruins , compiling 49 goals , 189 assists and 1,552 penalty minutes over his career , according to the league 's official website NHL.com . His also had a plus/minus rating of 173 , meaning his team scored 173 more goals than it gave up when he was on the ice . In 1979 , Milbury participated in a hockey brawl when he joined his Bruins teammates in going into the stands to fight with fans in New York 's Madison Square Garden . Videotape of that incident shows Milbury removing a shoe from one spectator and striking the fan with it . Milbury then went on to become a coach and executive with the Bruins and the New York Islanders . Known for his provocative comments , he is a studio analyst for Boston-based NESN and TSN in Canada as well as NBC .	NEW : Milbury and NBC agree "  he should remain off air " after the incident , NBC says Police say the incident occurred at a pee wee game involving a team that Milbury helps coach Milbury 's lawyer says his client "  simply intervened in an altercation " involving his son He played 12 seasons for the Boston Bruins , then became a coach , executive and TV analyst
CNN  -- Odds are a lot of people who find gambling winnings stuffed into two envelopes would pocket the cash and move on . Not Mitch Gilbert . "  Some people thought I was crazy to give it back , " the Greenwood Village , Colorado , real estate businessman , told CNN on Tuesday . "  I had to give it back . It was n't my money to start with . " "  It " was $ 10,000 held in two sealed Caesars Palace envelopes and left December 6 by a passenger at the airport in Las Vegas . Gilbert said he had an inkling the envelopes carried money , but he hesitated to give it to someone he saw a few feet away because he was n't sure the person was the rightful owner . Gilbert waited about 40 minutes for someone to come searching for the money . He flew home with the envelopes , and found they each held $ 5,000 in cash . KUSA reports : Colorado man returns envelopes of cash Gilbert said he called McCarran International Airport and was told it could not put third parties together . He vowed to follow up and about two weeks later was told an El Paso , Texas , man had reported losing the money . KUSA reached Ignacio Marquez , who said he dropped the envelopes as he was running to catch a flight . "  Relief is an understatement . Cash money is very difficult to get back . I 'm very appreciative to Mitch and his family . You do not find people like this , " Marquez said . McCarran International Airport released a statement to CNN thanking Gilbert , who got the cash to Marquez late last week . "  We appreciate Mr. Gilbert 's honesty and willingness to set a great example for others , and we are pleased our Lost and Found staff was able to assist in his efforts to track down the money 's owner , " the statement said . Gilbert , who won some money of his own at Vegas , told KUSA he would want someone to do the same thing for him , even if the cash could go toward a mountain of bills . "  I wanted to show my kids the right thing to do , " he said .	Mitch Gilbert found two envelopes , each containing $ 5,000 , at Las Vegas airport He waited for someone to come looking for it , and checked back two weeks later He recently returned the money to an El Paso , Texas , man who had lost it "  I wanted to show my kids the right thing to do , " the Colorado man says
CNN  -- The authorities who control Kosovo may have stolen organs from prisoners of war and political rivals when the Kosovo Liberation Army was fighting Serbian forces for control of the territory , European authorities allege in a new report . "  Numerous indications seem to confirm that ... organs were removed from some prisoners ... to be taken abroad for transplantation , " according to a draft report from the Council of Europe . Investigators have "  made progress " toward "  proving the existence of secret KLA places of detention in northern Albania where inhuman treatment and even murders are said to have been committed , " draft author Dick Marty says . Illegal organ trafficking continued after the war ended , the draft suggests . Nearly 1,900 people who disappeared during the conflict still have not been found , and another 500 disappeared after NATO troops arrived in June 1999 , Marty says . And links between "  criminal activity " and "  certain KLA militia leaders ... has continued , albeit in other forms , until today , " he report charges . Prime Minister Hashim Thaci of Kosovo is one of the founders of the Kosovo Liberation Army . The report names him as the "  boss " of a prominent faction in the militia that "  apparently wrested control " of "  illicit criminal enterprises " from rivals across the border in Albania . His office refused to comment on the allegations . Kosovo 's government called the report "  defamatory " and "  mendacious , " saying the allegations "  have been constructed to damage the image of Kosovo and the Kosovo Liberation Army . " Kosovo 's acting President Jakup Krasniqi -- a Thaci ally -- expressed deep indignation about the report , saying it was "  nothing but fabricated and irresponsible statements . " Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha said it was "  based on no facts , evidence or reality . Thus it proves political line of the author , who flagrantly abuses the authority of the Council of Europe . " European Union officials in Kosovo said that anyone with concrete evidence of war crimes or organized crime should come forward . "  The mission is already investigating and prosecuting a number of cases related to war crimes and organized crimes , " spokesman Blerim Krasniqi said . On Thursday , the report will be debated by a committee of the Council of Europe , an organization with 47 member countries that seeks to promote democracy and human rights . The council 's parliament plans to debate it in January . The report is based partially on investigations by European Union officials and was written by Dick Marty for the Council of Europe 's Committee on Legal Affairs and Human Rights . Investigators are not getting enough cooperation from either Albania or Kosovo , the report adds . Kosovo 's majority population is ethnic Albanian . Serbs are the minority . The KLA was backed by NATO bombing when it fought for independence from Serbia in the late 1990s . Kosovo has made it "  complicated " to dig for missing bodies , and Albania has refused to allow it , Marty says , adding : "  Serbia ultimately cooperated . " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Wednesday , "  We are very seriously concerned about the published information . " He was appearing in a joint news conference in Moscow with Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic . The report from the Council of Europe -- which is separate from the European Union -- was prompted partly by allegations made in a book in 2008 . Carla Del Ponte , the former chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court for the former Yugoslavia , leveled the accusation in her memoir "  Madame Prosecutor . " The court opened an investigation into the allegations but dropped it , the Council of Europe said , without explaining why . Evidence has since been destroyed , Marty 's draft says . He acknowledges the chaotic situation in Kosovo after the war but also criticizes the international community for tending to see Serbs as aggressors and Kosovars as victims . "  The reality is less clear-cut and more complex , " Marty writes . But the international authorities who took control after the 1999 war felt that they "  needed to promote short-term stability at any price , thereby sacrificing some important principles of justice . " Kosovo was a province of Serbia but declared independence in 2008 . About 70 countries have recognized the declaration , but Serbia does not , and international organizations including the United Nations and European Union continue to have administrators in Kosovo . Journalist Vlora Rustemi in Pristina , Kosovo , and CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow contributed to this report .	NEW : Kosovo 's acting president calls the allegations "  fabricated and irresponsible " The report cites evidence that organs were removed from prisoners for transplant abroad Ex-Kosovo Liberation Army figures are still involved in criminal activity , the report says Kosovo calls the Council of Europe report false and libelous
CNN  -- Golf 's European Tour has been forced to cancel October 's Andalucia Masters . The Spanish event , formerly known as the Volvo Masters , has been a fixture on the European circuit since the first staging of the tournament in 1988 , but Spain is currently in the grip of recession . Tour chief executive George O'Grady expressed his disappointment that the October 18-21 event , won by Spaniard Sergio Garcia in 2011 and which is staged at the Valderrama golf club , has been called off at such late notice . "  We have been long term partners with the Junta for over 25 years , " O'Grady told the Tour 's official website , referring to the region of Andalucia 's government . "  In that time we have seen together with many other events , the Volvo Masters staged in Andalucía from 1988-2008 , two American Express World Golf Championships , won by Tiger Woods in 1999 and Mike Weir in 2000 , and the jewel in the crown , the 1997 Ryder Cup . "  We have worked together to promote the region , and the Junta de Andalucía and the European Tour have enjoyed an exceptionally strong and committed long term partnership . " Despite the setback , O'Grady hoped the Valderrama tournament could return to the European Tour 's calendar in the future . "  We feel the disappointment not only for our members and all committed to broadcasting and reporting this tournament and the region on a global scale , but also for the many visitors , especially from northern Europe , who coincide their vacations with the tournament . "  We will work with the Junta to rectify this situation both now and in the future . " When Valderrama staged the Ryder Cup in 1997 , Seve Ballesteros ' European Team beat the U.S. 14 1/2 - 13 1/2 . The 39th Ryder Cup match will take place later this month at the Medinnah Country Club in Illinois .	The European Tour announce the cancellation of the Andalucia Masters The Spanish event has been on the Tour calendar since 1988 The Valderrama course hosted the Ryder Cup in 1997 , when Europe beat the U.S. Europe will defend the Ryder Cup against the U.S. at Medinah this month
The U.S. State Department recently detected "  activity of concern " in portions of its e-mail system , a senior official said Sunday . Could it be a hacking attempt by a foreign government ? U.S. officials are n't saying . But the State Department is now stepping up security of its unclassified network during a system shutdown , the senior State Department official said . The activity was spotted in portions of an unclassified e-mail system , the official said , and there was "  no compromise of any of the Department 's classified systems . " The official said the activity was related to hacking of White House computers reported last month . After hackers broke into an unclassified computer network used by President Obama 's top advisers , U.S. officials with firsthand knowledge said Russian hackers were the prime suspects . Asked last month about the accusation that Russians were behind the White House computer hacking , a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin responded , "  Is there any evidence ? " "  We 've been hearing a series of groundless allegations against Russia recently , " presidential spokesman Dmitry Peskov said . "  So we ca n't take them seriously any longer unless there 's proof . "	Official : The State Department detected "  activity of concern " in an unclassified e-mail system Now its stepping up security during a system shutdown , the official says Officials have n't said who 's responsible , say it 's connected to recent White House hacking U.S. officials pointed at Russia after that hacking attempt
CNN  -- Activision is reloading the golden gun to take another shot at reviving a James Bond video game relic . The game publisher plans to unveil a new 007 shooter based on the 16-year-old Pierce Brosnan flick , "  GoldenEye , " at a news conference later this month , said a spokeswoman helping organize the Activision event . The formal announcement is to take place on July 20 in San Diego at the annual Comic-Con expo . There , Activision will also show upcoming games in the "  Spider-Man " and "  X-Men " series . Activision Publishing registered Web domains last month suggesting the title of the new Bond game may be "  GoldenEye 007 : Reloaded . " The next Bond film , which is codenamed Bond 23 , is scheduled to open in theaters on November 9 , 2012 . "  GoldenEye " was neither the highest grossing nor the most memorable Bond movie . But the "  GoldenEye 007 " game resonates with many people , even today . In the late '90s , the four-player shooting game was part of a nightly ritual at many college dormitories and after-school meet-ups . Rare , which created "  Donkey Kong Country " and was later acquired by Microsoft , developed the cult classic , and Nintendo published it exclusively for the Nintendo 64 console . Rare 's and Nintendo 's divorce , along with Activision becoming the exclusive rights holder to develop Bond games , has spun an elaborate web that has left the original "  GoldenEye 007 " landlocked . Nintendo and Microsoft have been unable to come to terms on how to redistribute the game . Rare 's "  Perfect Dark , " a futuristic spy franchise , was billed as the spiritual successor to "  GoldenEye . " Several "  GoldenEye " designers left Rare to form a studio called Free Radical Design , which develops the "  TimeSplitters " games . But the "  GoldenEye " name , story and characters hold a special place in many gamers ' hearts . Seeing that opportunity , Activision remade the game and released "  007 : GoldenEye " for Nintendo 's Wii in November . Developer Eurocom replaced Brosnan 's likeness with that of Daniel Craig , the current Bond actor . The Wii is not typically associated with first-person shooter games , and the "  GoldenEye " reboot did n't necessarily break that mold . But Eurocom has said it was satisfied with the sales . Treyarch developed a recent Bond game , based on the "  Quantum of Solace " film . Most recently , it made "  Call of Duty : Black Ops . " Treyarch was not tapped to make the upcoming "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 , " and it has not said what its next project will be . Game industry watchers suggest the new "  GoldenEye " will be released on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 , two systems where shooting games have thrived .	Activision is planning to announce a new James Bond game later this month It will be a new entry in the "  GoldenEye " franchise , an Activision representative said Activision released "  007 : GoldenEye " for the Wii in November
CNN  -- What is Ariel Sharon 's legacy ? The eulogies have focused on his decision to pull Israeli settlers out of Gaza in 2005 under the so-called "  disengagement plan . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon praised Sharon 's "  political courage and determination . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Sharon "  surprised many in his pursuit of peace . " The reality is that Sharon 's withdrawal from Gaza portended no courage to change his pro-settlement , virulently anti-Palestinian policies . Since the 1970s , when he planned and helped establish 64 West Bank settlements , Sharon had earned his moniker as "  the father of the settlements . " His evacuation of 21 settlements in Gaza and four in the West Bank seemed surprising , indeed . But the removal of settlers must be seen in the context that overall during Sharon 's term as Israel 's prime minister from 2001 to 2006 , the number of Israeli settlers in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights , increased from roughly 388,000 to 461,000 . Sharon 's legacy is deeply disturbing . He went to his grave without facing justice for terrible things he did . His death is a grim reminder that impunity for human rights abuses and violations of international humanitarian law has plagued Israel and the Palestinians for far too long . It mattered little to Sharon that Israel 's transfer of its civilians into Palestinian territories wasâ $ " and isâ $ " a grave breach of the Geneva Conventions and a potential war crime . It mattered even less that the settlement regime and Israel 's military rule in these areas subjects Palestinians to severe discrimination and a mountain of restrictions that makes life miserable . Part and parcel of this settlement expansion plan was Sharon 's construction of the Israeli separation barrier , which today stands as a monument to human rights violations . Sharon 's government approved its construction in 2002 , ostensibly to prevent Palestinian attacks that killed 640 Israeli civilians during his term . But the real motivation for the barrier , as countless studies have documented , was to build a wall around the Israeli settlements , deep into the West Bank , cutting off thousands of Palestinians from the rest of the West Bank . Worse , he avoided prosecution for the killings of civilians in which he was implicated : a fact that deserves not eulogy , but infamy . Ban and Kerry could n't very well mention it , but history will remember Sharon for his role in the massacres of civilians by Lebanese militias in the Sabra and Shatila Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon in 1982 . From September 16 to 18 , the militias killed at least 700 people , and perhaps more than 2,000 , including infants , children , pregnant women and the elderly , some of whose bodies were found to have been mutilated . Sharon , as Israel 's defense minister in 1982 , had overall responsibility for the Israel Defense Forces , which controlled the area of the camps . According to a document prepared by his office , Sharon 's instructions on September 15 , the day before the massacres began , included : "  For the operation in the camps the Phalangists should be sent in . " In February 1983 , the Kahan Commission , Israel 's official commission of inquiry investigating the events , found that Sharon bore "  personal responsibility " for the massacre . There was a "  serious consideration ... that the Phalangists were liable to commit atrocities , " the commission reported , but "  from  Sharon  himself , we know that this consideration did not concern him in the least . " His "  disregard of the danger of a massacre " was "  impossible to justify , " the commission found , and recommended his dismissal as defense minister . Although he did resign as defense minister , in a glaring example of gross impunity for crimes against Palestinians , Sharon remained in the Israeli Cabinet as a minister without portfolio and later became prime minister , serving until his stroke in January 2006 . Similarly , Elie Hobeika , the Phalangist leader the Kahan Commission named as responsible for directing the militias , also escaped prosecution and served as a Lebanese Cabinet minister until being killed by a car bomb in 2002 . The massacres constituted war crimes and crimes against humanity . Yet Israeli justice authorities did not conduct a criminal investigation to determine whether Sharon and other Israeli military officials bore criminal responsibility . Israel also made sure that no one else could bring Sharon to justice , either . In 2001 , survivors from Sabra and Shatila brought a case in Belgium requesting Sharon be prosecuted under Belgium 's "  universal jurisdiction " law . Political pressure from the United States and Israel -- it "  was like nothing I have ever seen , " said a colleague who closely followed the issue at the time -- led Belgium 's parliament to amend the law in April 2003 , and to repeal it in August . Belgium 's highest court dropped the case against Sharon that September . Many in Israel are now highlighting Sharon 's record as a warrior and bold political leader . But it is worth pausing to consider his record as a man who brought devastation and destruction to the lives of thousands of Palestinians , without ever facing justice for his crimes , and whose policies undermined efforts to achieve peace between Israel and the Palestinians . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sarah Leah Whitson .	Sarah Whitson : While eulogies praise Ariel Sharon , his legacy is actually disturbing Whitson : Sharon 's pro-settlement , virulently anti-Palestinian policies were harmful She says he avoided prosecution for the killings of civilians in which he was implicated Whitson : His death is a grim reminder that impunity for human rights abuses still occurs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Karma caught up with former Culture Club singer Boy George on Friday when a court sentenced the star to 15 months for falsely imprisoning a male escort , a court spokeswoman said . George O'Dowd , also known as Boy George , arrives at Snaresbrook Crown Court , in east London . Full details of the sentence were n't immediately clear . A jury unanimously found the pop star and DJ , whose real name is George O'Dowd , guilty of the charge last month after a seven-day trial at Snaresbrook Crown Court in northeast London . The jury determined O'Dowd , 47 , had chained male escort Audun Carlsen to a wall at his apartment in London 's hip Shoreditch neighborhood . Carlsen had also said the singer beat him with a metal chain . Watch as Boy George arrives at court " O'Dowd , who maintained his innocence , came to court Friday sporting a multicolored tattoo on his bald head , none of his trademark makeup , and a black winter coat . The star quit Culture Club in 1987 after a string of hits with the group , including "  Karma Chameleon , " "  Do you really want to hurt me ? " and "  Church of the Poison Mind . " He has since become a DJ and revived his singing career , releasing a single last year called "  Yes we can , " inspired by Barack Obama and featuring clips of the U.S. president-elect . O'Dowd is no stranger to the law . In August 2006 , he spent five days cleaning the streets of Manhattan as part of a community service sentence for falsely reporting a break-in at his New York City home . He has also publicly battled drug addiction .	Former Culture Club singer jailed for falsely imprisoning a male escort The victim , Audun Carlsen , claimed he was also beaten with a chain Boy George , whose real name is George O'Dowd , has battled drug addiction He spent 5 days cleaning the streets of Manhattan in 2006 on community order
CNN  -- The organization that grants academic accreditation to Penn State has warned the school that it is in danger of losing that crucial status in the wake of the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal , the university announced this week . The move by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education is the latest blow for the beleaguered university , which has seen its reputation clobbered and its football program hobbled after investigators found school leaders did too little to stop the abuse . Were the commission to pull Penn State 's accreditation -- which it has not done -- the school would face the loss of eligibility for federal student aid programs , guaranteed student loans , federal research grants and could lose eligibility for state aid , commission spokesman Richard Pockrass said in July . Paterno family wants to appeal Penn State sanctions Penn State will resolve the commission 's concerns , promised Vice Provost for Academic Affairs Blannie Bowen . "  This action has nothing to do with the quality of education our students receive , " Bowen said in a statement posted Monday to the school 's website . "  Middle States is focusing on governance , integrity and financial issues related to information in the Freeh report and other items related to our current situation . " The commission voted August 6 to place the school on warning status . Two days later , it notified Penn State officials that the school 's accreditation was "  in jeopardy " based on information contained in former FBI Director Louis Freeh 's report on Penn State 's handling of the sex-abuse allegations against Sandusky and a National Collegiate Athletic Association action against the school . Freeh found that Penn State 's leadership showed "  total and consistent disregard " for youths sexually abused by Sandusky , the former assistant football coach convicted by a jury in June on 45 counts involving child sex abuse . He is scheduled to be sentenced in September . Among other things , authorities say school officials failed to properly address a report that Sandusky had been seen in a football complex shower , apparently engaged in sexual contact with a young boy . Timeline of the Penn State scandal Last month , the NCAA fined Penn State $ 60 million , banned the football program from bowl games for four years , stripped scholarships and took away the team 's wins from 1998 to 2011 . The commission also said it had insufficient evidence that Penn State officials had followed commission rules about how schools are to be governed and whether it had provided "  accurate , fair and complete information " about what was happening at the school , according to the letter . The commission asked Penn State to report by September 30 on the steps it is taking to ensure full compliance with accreditation requirements , as well as information about the school 's financial capacity to meet ongoing obligations considering the potential fallout from civil lawsuits expected over the scandal . A team assembled by the commission will visit Penn State after the September report to evaluate the school 's performance , the commission said . Bowen said the commission "  wants us to document that steps we have already taken and are planning to take will ensure our full compliance with its requirements " and emphasized that the school expects no loss of accreditation . "  It is critical to emphasize that Middle States does not issue a warning unless the commission believes that an institution has the capacity to make appropriate improvements within a reasonable period and then sustain itself to stay in compliance , " Bowen said in the statement . "  This certainly is true for Penn State . We 're confident that our monitoring report and the site visit will confirm this to the commission . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said the warning seemed to be a bit of "  piling on " in light of the sanctions already in place against Penn State . But it may be another factor to further motivate the university to comprehensively deal with the scandal , he said on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  It all creates pressure on Penn State to make sure it has policies in place to make sure nothing like this ever happens again , " Toobin said . Former senator to be integrity monitor for Penn State athletics	NEW : The warning will put more pressure on Penn State to reform , a CNN analyst says The Middle States Commission warns Penn State its accreditation is in jeopardy The warning is related to the school 's governance , reporting , financial issues It is not about academic quality , a school official says
New York  CNN  -- A federal jury in New York ruled Tuesday that a man who identifies as black and Hispanic and the nonprofit he founded must pay punitive damages to an African-American employee after a previous ruling that the use of the "  n-word " is inappropriate among minorities in a workplace . The ruling stems from a lawsuit filed by Brandi Johnson , who is African-American , against STRIVE , the employment center where she worked , claiming she was a victim of a hostile workplace after enduring verbal harassment and a series of statements filled with profanity and racial slurs from her supervisor . The employment center in East Harlem argued that the use of the word was part of a "  tough-love culture . " The jury ruled Tuesday that center founder Rob Carmona must pay $ 25,000 and his organization must pay $ 5,000 in punitive damages . Jurors last week awarded $ 250,000 in compensatory damages to Johnson , 38 , who sued Carmona personally and STRIVE , which he founded in 1984 . Carmona 's lawyer , Diane Krebs , issued a statement that said in part : "  We are disappointed by the verdict , as we do not believe that it comports with the full facts applicable to the case . Nevertheless , we respect the jury 's decision and the judicial process . We are exploring all our options moving forward , including appeal , and look forward to the judicial process taking its entire course . " Papa John 's CEO apologizes to Florida customer for employee 's racist rant Carmona 's n-word-peppered rant toward Johnson was captured on a four-minute audio recording on Johnson 's iPhone without her boss knowing in March 2012 and was played for a federal jury last week . "  You and  a previous employee  are just alike . Both of you are smart as s -- , but dumb as s -- . You know what it is ... both of you are n ------ , y' all act like n ------ all the time , " Carmona said to Johnson , according to audio evidence played in court and obtained by CNN . Carmona called Johnson the n-word eight times during the recording . "  And I 'm not saying the term n ------ as derogatory ; sometimes it 's good to know when to act like a n ----- , but y' all act like n ------ all the time ... both of you very bright , but both y' all act like n ------ at inappropriate times , " Carmona said in the audio recording . From the stand Tuesday , Carmona explained tearfully that he was only trying to help . "  I come from a different time ... What I 'm trying to do is help ... that 's the transition ...  this case  has showed me I got to take stock in that at my age , " said Carmona , 61 . According to STRIVE , Carmona is a Harlem native who spent his early teenage years addicted to drugs and in and out of prison . He found solace in an alternative incarceration program where he cleaned up and eventually attended college . The center 's website says that it has helped nearly 50,000 individuals across America enter the workforce . ` Cracker ' conveys history of bigotry that still resonates "  This case is most important because this is the first where we essentially have the n-word on trial , " said Johnson 's attorney , Marjorie Sharpe . "  You have heard the connotation that the n-word can have different meanings depending on the speaker ; there is an undisguised belief that if the person saying the n-word is black or African-American , somehow it makes it OK . "  There are a number of cases where the n-word has been used in a workplace , but usually it 's been done between people of different races , and when we 're having that discussion , it seems that it 's clear that if you 're not African-American and you use the n-word , absolutely it 's insulting , " Sharpe said . Johnson claimed she was a victim of a pattern of negative comments and that the audio recording was her last stand . "  This has been a long and arduous journey for me working at STRIVE , and to be belittled and degraded by the founder and to have him justify him disrespecting me was hurtful , " Johnson said Tuesday . "  So for the jury to make a statement saying that the n-word is not permissible in the workplace and or any business I was happy about that , yes . " Johnson claimed Carmona targeted her with negative comments after she tried to defend a graduate from a STRIVE program who had allegedly been sexually harassed by a STRIVE employee , according to the complaint . After many attempts to have the issued addressed , Johnson claims Carmona showed no interest in the allegations and told other employees not to socialize with Johnson , according to the complaint . On April 11 , 2012 , Johnson sent a formal complaint to Phil Weinberg , the organization 's CEO , telling him of the numerous harassing , discriminatory and retaliatory acts she had endured from Carmona . Weinberg said that he did not wish to discuss Carmona 's actions and that Johnson was being "  out of line " and "  emotional , " according to the complaint . On June 11 , 2012 , Weinberg fired Johnson . Johnson said she was terminated in retaliation for her complaints about the graduate 's sexual harassment and because of her race and gender . "  Hopefully this sets an example that it wo n't be tolerated no matter what your race is , " Johnson said after the ruling Tuesday . Judge tosses race discrimination charge against Paula Deen	A black employee sues , claiming her black boss used the n-word in a rant against her A jury awards Brandi Johnson a total of $ 280,000 in damages Jury hears recording in which nonprofit founder Rob Carmona uses the n-word eight times "  I come from a different time ... What I 'm trying to do is help , " Carmona says during trial
CNN  -- Record prize money and an extra rest day for finalists -- U.S. Open tennis chiefs have taken note of player complaints and made significant changes for 2013 . The tournament 's women 's final will now be held on a Sunday and the men 's title match on a Monday , while the total prize purse will increase by $ 4 million . "  I 'm pleased that the USTA has modified the U.S. Open schedule to include a day of rest between the semifinals and final , " defending men 's champion Andy Murray said on the New York grand slam 's website . "  Together with the prize money increase , it 's good that they 've taken on board the players ' concerns . " Record Australian Open prize money heads off player unrest Women 's champion Serena Williams was also happy with the changes , which mean the female players will play their last-four matches in Friday 's afternoon session . "  Both the prize money increase and the addition of a day of rest are great for the players , " the American said . "  These moves make the tournament stronger than it 's ever been for all players . " Previously the finals had been held the day after the semis , prompting criticism that the schedule favored players seeded in one half of the draw who get an extra 24 hours ' recovery time . How ` Big Four ' earned a pay rise for tennis colleagues The men 's final has actually been played on a Monday for the past four years due to weather disruptions earlier in the tournament , which has affected players who have been involved in the Davis Cup teams final the following weekend . The new schedule means that there will be no evening session on the second Saturday of the two-week tournament . "  We recognize the increased physicality required to compete at the highest level of the sport , and we have responded to the players ' request for a scheduled day of rest between the singles semifinals and finals , " said USTA president Jon Vegosen . "  The record increase in U.S. Open prize money and the changes in the next year 's schedule are aimed at rewarding the players ' talents and accommodating the rigors of the modern professional game . " How tennis aced austerity The USTA increased the base prize money by $ 2 million this year , and the 2013 doubling of that figure will mean a 34 % increase since 2011 . There will be a total $ 29.5 million on offer , plus a bonus pool of $ 2.6 million based on results in the seven-week North American swing of men 's and women 's hard-court tournaments leading up to the season 's closing grand slam at Flushing Meadows . Players have been pressing for a better distribution of prize money among the players knocked out in the early rounds of the four grand slams , and the USTA said it is in talks with them about how best to do this .	An extra $ 4 million will be on offer for the 2013 U.S. Open tennis tournament Organizers have also agreed to schedule a day of rest between finals and semis Defending champions Andy Murray and Serena Williams welcome the changes There will be a record $ 29.5 million in prize money -- a 34 % increase since 2011
Washington  CNN  -- With a potential diplomatic solution at hand in Syria and new signs emerging that Iran may be willing to halt its nuclear program , President Barack Obama will provide an updated assessment of the American approach to the Middle East during the annual United Nations General Assembly that begins Monday in New York . Obama currently is not slated to meet with Iran 's new president , Hassan Rouhani , though the White House has not ruled out face-to-face diplomacy between the two leaders . Obama and Rouhani exchanged letters in the months since the Iranian president was elected in June , and on Friday Rouhani wrote in an opinion piece he was open to "  a constructive approach " toward areas of contention with the United States , including its nuclear program . "  The fact of the matter is , we do n't have a meeting scheduled with President Rouhani , but again , we 're always open to diplomacy if we believe it can advance our objectives , " Obama 's deputy national security adviser , Ben Rhodes , told reporters during a conference call Friday , adding that Obama has said since 2007 that he 'd be willing to negotiate directly with Iran without preconditions . In addition to the letters with Obama and an op-ed piece in Friday 's Washington Post , Rouhani has granted interviews to western news outlets , including one with CNN next week . "  We must work together to end the unhealthy rivalries and interferences that fuel violence and drive us apart , " Rouhani wrote in the Post Friday . Publicly , the White House has viewed Rouhani 's latest outreach attempts skeptically , saying U.S. officials will look for actions , not words , on halting nuclear enrichment . Rhodes said Friday that Rouhani 's actions to date were "  clearly not sufficient to meet the concerns of the international community with regards to the nuclear program . " But the charm offensive , apparently sprung from tough economic sanctions currently in place in Iran , prompted speculation that Obama and Rouhani would meet at next week 's U.N. general assembly . If they did , it would be the first meeting between an American president and Iranian counterpart since Iran 's 1979 Islamic Revolution . "  I ca n't predict every interaction that might take place at different levels at the U.N. ; it 's possible that there could be some interaction at different levels , but there 's just simply none planned at this moment , " Rhodes said later when asked if there were any scheduled meetings between members of the American and Iranian delegations . Obama will hold bilateral meetings next week with the leaders of Nigeria and Lebanon , as well as with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas -- the first time the two have met since direct Mideast peace negotiations restarted earlier this year . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to visit the White House at the end of September . During his address to the U.N. on Tuesday , Obama will use events in the Middle East and Africa to explain the evolving role of the United States in that area of the world , Rhodes said Friday . "  Given the complexity and breadth of challenge that we face in the region , the president will lay out an update of America 's approach , how we see our interests , how we 're going to be pursuing and prioritizing our policies going forward , " he said . That address will include a section on Syria , and the use of chemical weapons there . The United States and Russia recently agreed on a diplomatic plan that would force Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to forfeit his chemical weapons stockpile to international control . And Obama will reiterate his stance on Iran 's nuclear program , while conveying his "  openness to diplomacy and the prospect for a peaceful resolution of this issue , " Rhodes said .	The U.N. General Assembly begins Monday in New York President Obama will speak on Tuesday He is not slated to meet with Iran 's new president but the White House has not ruled it out A meeting would take place amid signs Iran may be willing to halt its nuclear program
CNN  -- A man accused of killing a school district librarian and raping her 10-year-old daughter in upstate New York had removed an electronic tracking anklet before carrying out the attack , police said . David J. Renz , 29 , of Cicero , is accused of abducting the 47-year-old mother and her daughter shortly before 9 p.m. on Thursday as they left a gymnastics class , state police said . He tied up the mother and raped her daughter in their vehicle , state police said . He then drove the car a short distance down the road , police said , where the librarian was fatally stabbed . The girl managed to escape the vehicle and flag down a passing motorist for help . Her mother was declared dead of multiple stab wounds at the hospital . The girl is still being treated for the injuries she sustained in the attack . Renz -- who police said was arrested after trying to flee the scene through the woods -- has been charged with rape , kidnapping and murder . He had been ordered to wear the electronic tracking device on his ankle while awaiting trial on child pornography charges , Matt Brown , chief probation officer of the Northern District of New York , told CNN Friday . Renz was also told he had to be home between the hours of 9 p.m. and 7 a.m. , Brown said . Authorities believe Renz was able to remove the strap to the tracking device and reconnect it quickly enough that the probation office was not alerted , Brown said . If a tracking device experiences any trauma , such as banging against a wall , a "  strap tampering " report is generated , Brown said . However , if the situation is resolved quickly enough , the probation office is not notified . This meant Renz was able to reconnect the device and leave it in his home before his alleged attack , Brown said . Renz was remanded at the federal hearing for his probation violation Friday and then charged on a state level with the alleged attack . He was expected to be appointed attorney , though it was n't immediately clear who that would be . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	David J. Renz is accused of killing a librarian and raping her 10-year-old daughter He abducted the pair as they left a gymnastics class in upstate New York , police say Authorities say he managed to take off an electronic tracking device before the attack Probation office was not alerted because he reconnected the anklet so fast , officer says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The disgraced politician at the center of China 's biggest political scandal in years has been linked to a criminal act for the first time since he was removed from office , the state-run Xinhua news agency has reported . Bo Xilai , who was head of the Communist Party in the southwestern city of Chongqing and once seen as a future president , was reportedly warned by his former right-hand man that his wife was suspected of murder . The revelation came during this week 's trial of Wang Lijun , Bo 's former police chief and vice mayor in Chongqing . In the first official account of the two-day hearing , the court was told that Wang was "  angrily rebuked " and slapped on the face by Bo -- who the report referred to as the major official in charge of Chongqing 's municipal party committee -- when he revealed his suspicions , Xinhua said . Former Chinese police chief charged Wang was on trial charged with abuse of power , defection and bribe-taking . The case , which precipitated Bo 's downfall , began after Wang arrived at the U.S. consulate in the nearby city of Chengdu one evening in February in an apparent asylum attempt . During a frenzied 24 hours , he reportedly revealed to U.S. officials a jaw-dropping tale of corruption and murder involving his boss . Wang was later collected by central government authorities and disappeared from the public eye . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace According to Thursday 's Xinhua report , Guo Weiguo , a former high-ranking police official , heard the exchange between the two men on January 28 this year . He told police : "  Once Wang was slapped , the hostility between Wang and Bo came out into the open . " Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was found guilty of murder in the death of a British businessman Neil Heywood last month . Chinese authorities reported that Gu and her son had "  conflicts " with Heywood "  over economic interests . " Gu Kailai avoids death penalty Prosecutors at his trial allege Wang knew Gu was involved in the murder of Heywood last November but covered up for her . But this relationship became increasingly strained as Wang became concerned by the number of people who became aware of the murder case . In his confession , Wang described how Gu became hostile "  and began to guard herself against me , " Xinhua said . Bo had been an influential and controversial member of the Communist Party 's politburo , the elite group of 25 men who run China . Appointed to the top job in Chongqing in 2007 , Wang was assigned to lead his crime-fighting program . Under Wang , the "  da hei " or smash black campaign reportedly caught nearly 3,000 criminal groups and detained thousands of suspects . It also led to the execution of notorious figures in the city 's underworld . Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal The crackdown , along with economic reforms in the city of more than 30 million , helped burnish the political credentials of Bo , who aspired for a spot in the Party 's Standing Committee of the Politburo , a nine-member body that effectively rules China . But Wang 's heavy-handed , crime-busting methods were decried as brutal by critics . Bo 's red-tinged economic policies -- which have included millions spent on social housing -- garnered him a rock star status in Chongqing but in Beijing , some party chiefs were taking a different view . His populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the economically liberal and reform-oriented faction within the Chinese Communist Party  CCP  . The political divisions came to a boil in March when China 's national legislature convened its annual meeting in Beijing . Speaking to reporters on March 9 on the sidelines of a panel discussion of Chongqing delegates , Bo defended his policies . "  Ask any citizen on the street if they support fighting corruption and they 'll say ` yes ' , " he boomed . Addressing the rich-poor divide , he said : " If only a few people are rich then we are capitalists , we 've failed . " That may have been Bo 's last stand . On March 14 , Premier Wen Jiabao obliquely reprimanded Chongqing 's leadership over the Wang incident during the premier 's annual press conference . Wen also referred to the damage wrought by the Cultural Revolution -- a reference that alluded to Bo 's red revival in Chongqing -- and said that the city 's stellar double-digit economic performance had been the fruits of several administrations and not just Bo 's work alone . The following day , Bo was sacked and stripped of his political office due to an unspecified "  serious breach of party regulations . " The Party still has n't revealed what those regulations are . But until the trial of Wang , there had been no suggestion Bo had been aware of his wife 's actions before her arrest and conviction for murder . CNN 's Steven Jiang , Jaime FlorCruz and Dayu Zhang contributed to this report .	Bo Xilai 's former right-hand man said he warned his boss his wife was a murder suspect Wang Lijun was stranding trial for abuse of power , defection and bribe-taking Wang is also accused of covering up for Gu Kailai , who was convicted of murder Gu was jailed in August for the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood last year
CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Friday that children from communities wracked by poverty and violence need help from the government , schools , family and clergy to have a chance to climb "  ladders of opportunity " to reach the middle class and beyond . Speaking at a Chicago high school near where he used to live , Obama cited gun violence that killed 443 people in the city last year as one reason why children need community wide support to help them believe they can improve their lives through education and hard work . "  In too many neighborhoods today , whether here in Chicago or the farthest reaches of rural America , it can feel like , for a lot of young people , the future only extends to the next street corner or the outskirts of town , " he said , adding "  that no matter how much you work or how hard you try , your destiny was determined the moment you were born . " Making his third campaign-style appearance in three days , Obama again emphasized proposals from Tuesday 's State of the Union address , such as raising the minimum wage to $ 9 an hour and providing good pre-schooling for every child as necessary to help people better themselves . The president also called for Congress to vote on a package of gun proposals aimed at decreasing shootings like ones that occur daily on streets and in homes , as well as mass killings in recent months at a school , a movie theater and even a place of worship . According to the Centers of Disease Control , there were 11,078 homicides by firearm in the United States in 2010 , and 7,220 of the victims -- 65 % -- were aged 15-34 . In addition , 6,151 -- or 56 % -- were African American , a demographic that comprises about 13 % of the total U.S. population . "  This is not just a gun issue , " he continued . "  It 's also an issue of the kinds of communities that we 're building , and for that we all share responsibility as citizens to fix it . " It all starts at home , the president said , calling "  strong , stable families " and "  loving , supportive parents " the most important ingredients for reducing violence . Noting he was raised by a single mother , he called for promoting marriage and encouraging fatherhood , saying he wished he had a father around and involved when he was a boy . "  By the way , that 's all kinds of parents , " he added , drawing applause when he specified "  it includes gay or straight parents . " He acknowledged the challenge , saying "  it will not be easy , but it can be done . " "  No solution we offer will be perfect , " he said . "  But perfection has never been our goal . Our goal has been to try and make whatever difference we can . " Obama headed to his hometown after a White House ceremony Friday morning to award the Presidential Citizens Medal -- the nation 's second-highest civilian honor -- to 18 people . They included posthumous honors for six educators killed along with 20 first-graders in December 's Connecticut school massacre . The president hugged family members of the slain teachers and administrators from Sandy Hook Elementary School in presenting the medals , saying : "  We could not be more grateful to your loved ones , who gave everything they had " for the children in their care . In his remarks later at Chicago 's Hyde Park Academy High School , Obama mentioned Hadiya Pendleton , 15 , who was killed by gunfire in the city last month after returning from taking part in inaugural activities in Washington . Pendleton 's parents were in the crowd Friday , just as they were at the State of the Union as guests of first lady Michelle Obama , who attended Hadiya 's funeral . The president said his package of gun measures was intended to save young lives and that "  they deserve a vote , " repeating the phrase a few times as he did in Tuesday 's address at the Capitol . Chicago 's record murder rate : Do n't blame guns alone Fierce opposition by the National Rifle Association makes passage of any significant gun legislation uncertain . In response to Obama 's State of the Union address , the NRA has sought to discredit the motives and impacts of legislation proposed by the president and Democrats . "  They only care about their decades-old gun control agenda â $ " ban every gun they can , tax every gun sold and register every gun owner , " NRA chief executive Wayne LaPierre said in a statement on Thursday . "  This president has taken the art of public deception and manipulation to a whole new level . " Obama seeks an updated version of the 1994 assault weapons ban , which expired in 2004 , that would prevent the manufacture and sale of some semi-automatic rifles modeled after fully automatic assault weapons . Obama 's emotional plea might lead to vote on guns He also proposes limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds , expanding background checks to all gun transactions , including sales at gun shows . In addition , the president wants Congress to take steps to better screen people with mental illnesses , so they can not obtain weapons . Legislation proposed so far also would crack down on so-called straw purchases , in which a legal buyer purchases weapons for distribution to non-legal buyers . The NRA and other opponents argue the Democratic proposals are veiled attempts to limit gun ownership and eventually take away weapons , and therefore violate the constitutional right to bear arms . In particular , opponents contend the proposed ban on semi-automatic rifles focuses on a weapon used in a tiny percentage of killings and other gun violence . Opinion : Chicago 's violence took my dad , friends Harold Pollack , co-director of the University of Chicago Crime Lab , confirmed on Friday that so-called assault weapons targeted by the proposed ban account for a small fraction of murders in the United States . However , Pollack said the ban proposed by Obama can help reduce gun violence , especially what he called the psychologically impactful mass shootings such as the Newtown attack in which a lone gunman used a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle . The combination of such weapons with high-capacity magazines "  facilitates mass homicides , " Pollack told CNN , noting that professional criminals generally do n't use such rifles that look like military weapons . "  The people who do use these weapons are often the most dangerous or most sociopathic , " Pollack said . The Newtown shooter , a 20-year-old man living with his mother , took her legally owned guns and killed her before going to the school to open fire on students and teachers . New player in gun control ad wars To Pollack , such a mass killing -- while relatively rare -- "  traumatizes communities and the entire society in a way that demands attention . " Studies show that street crime such as shooting deaths cost communities more than lives , Pollack said , citing emergency medical services and criminal investigation as tangible costs along with intangibles such as residents moving away to escape the threat . Obama also made that point in his remarks on Friday , saying "  it 's very hard to develop economically if people do n't feel safe . " In the aftermath of the Newtown shootings , the NRA called for putting armed guards at every school , rather than seeking to limit the ability of people to obtain weapons . It also wants tougher enforcement of existing gun laws , which Pollack agreed was necessary . "  A lot of the underground gun market could be stopped if we treated guns with the same amount of determination and tools as the drug market , " he said . For example , Pollack noted how committing a crime with a gun brought additional charges , and he called for similar treatment for illegally possessing a firearm . How we talk about guns in my Chicago classroom In a Google Hangout online chat on Thursday , a participant asked Obama how renewing the assault weapons ban would help reduce gun violence caused primarily by handguns . He responded that his proposed package would affect handgun violence through the expanded background checks and cracking down on straw purchases . Renewing the weapons ban focused on what Obama called "  weapons of war . " "  It 's not going to solve every problem , " the president continued , noting that some restrictions are already in place . "  We ca n't purchase a grenade launcher from a store , although there may be some folks who want to buy those , " he said . "  And the reason is we think on balance , the Second Amendment does not automatically assume that any weapon that 's available you can automatically purchase . " NRA : Obama 's State of the Union shows true colors on gun violence CNN 's Ashley Killough , Paul Steinhauser and Halimah Abdullah contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says gun violence harms economic growth He awards Presidential Citizens Medals posthumously to educators killed in Newtown The NRA opposes Obama 's gun plan as a step toward unconstitutional restrictions An expert on urban crime says the president 's package would help
CNN  -- Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga rivals Barcelona on Sunday with a 1-0 win over Sevilla at the Bernabeu . A 77th minute strike by Angel Di Maria was enough to see Jose Mourinho 's side secure three points . The win came despite playing the last quarter of the game with ten men , after Ricardo Calvalho was shown his second yellow card for a challenge on Alvaro Negredo . The Portuguese international was one of twelve players to be cautioned during an ill-tempered match , which also saw Sevilla defender Dabo sent off late in the game . Sevilla remain in 11th place , while Madrid remain right on the heels of Barcelona in second -- two points behind as La Liga takes its winter break . Atletico Madrid put the disappointment of this week 's Europa League exit behind them as they cruised to a comfortable 3-0 win over Malaga to move up to sixth in La Liga . Portuguese midfielder Tiago opened the scoring after 22 minutes and bagged a second in the 69th minute after Dominguez had made it 2-0 three minutes earlier . Malaga have now lost 11 league games this season and remain third from bottom in the table . The victory moves Atletico above Getafe on goal difference , who came from two goals down to beat Almeria 3-2 at the Estadio Mediterraneo . Kalu Uche opened the scoring after seven minutes and Leonardo Ulloa doubled the home side 's lead in the 24th minute . Manu pulled a goal back for Getafe five minutes later and three minutes into the second half Venezuelan striker Miku bundled home an equalizer . Derek Boateng completed the comeback in the 71st minute to extend Michel 's men 's unbeaten run to six matches . Osasuna and bottom-of-the-table Real Zaragoza played out a 0-0 draw . Meanwhile in Germany 's Bundesliga , Bayer Leverkusen missed the chance to close the gap on league leaders Borussia Dortmund to eight points as they were held to a 2-2 draw against Freiburg . Leaders Dortmund miss out on Bundesliga record The hosts took the lead after 16 minutes when Arturo Vidal converted a penalty to score his eighth goal of the season . But a determined Freiburg fought back with goals from Jan Rosenthal after 24 minutes and Stefan Reisinger midway through the second half . But the visitors ' lead did n't last long as substitute Patrick Helmes finished calmly after Stefan Kiessling set up the scoring opportunity in the 75th minute . Mario Gomez scored his second hat-trick of the Bundesliga season as Bayern Munich hammered Stuttgart 5-3 at the Mercedes-Benz Arena . Gomez opened the scoring after 31 minutes and Thomas Muller doubled the lead five minutes later . Stuttgart 's defensive frailties were further exposed when Franck Ribery made it 3-0 with a superb individual goal a minute before half-time . Stuttgart tried to mount a comeback with substitute Martin Harnik pulling a goal back five minutes after the break . But any hopes of a lasting revival were immediately snuffed out by Gomez who struck twice in two minutes to complete his hat-trick . Harnik claimed his second goal on the hour mark , and Christian Gentner made the scoreline slightly more respectable for Stuttgart with a 70th minute strike . Bayern now lie fifth in the table heading into the winter break . Stuttgart remain in trouble in 17th place with only 12 points .	Real Madrid keep pressure on rivals Barcelona with 1-0 win over Sevilla Atletico Madrid recover from Europa League exit with 3-0 win over Malaga In Bundesliga , Bayer Leverkusen miss opportunity to close gap on league leaders Dortmund Mario Gomez scores a hat-trick as Bayern Munich thrash Stuttgart 5-3
Katrina Dawson was having a Monday morning coffee with a colleague at the cafe down the street from their law firm 's office when the nightmare began . The 38-year-old mother of three was among 17 people taken hostage by a gun-wielding man with extremist Muslim views who seized control of the Lindt Chocolate Cafe in the heart of Sydney 's central business district . The siege last around 16 hours before police stormed the cafe in the middle of the night . The gunman was killed , but so were Dawson and another hostage , Tori Johnson , the manager of the cafe . After the two victims ' identities were revealed Tuesday morning , tributes began to pour in . "  These were decent , good people who were going about their ordinary lives , " Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said . "  It 's about as innocent a thing as anyone can do -- to go and grab a cup of coffee before the working day has fully started . " What we know , what we do n't know Tori Johnson : ` Our beautiful boy ' "  We are so proud of our beautiful boy Tori , gone from this earth but forever in our memories as the most amazing life partner , son and brother we could ever wish for , " Johnson 's family said in a statement . The 34-year-old had worked for Lindt for more than two years , the company said . "  He was a great ambassador for our company and the store that he managed , which he cared about passionately , " said Lindt Chief Executive Stephen Loane . "  He was a dedicated professional who always built a great rapport with his customers and was much loved by the Lindt team . " Johnson was reportedly killed as he tried to wrestle the gun away from the hostage taker , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  reported , citing unidentified sources . Police have n't confirmed that account . "  He was an amazing person , a selfless person , a person who always put other people before himself , " said Peter Manettas , Johnson 's former boss at the Adria Rybar & Grill in Sydney , where he worked for several years before the Lindt cafe . Manettas told The Daily Telegraph that "  family was everything to him and not a single day would go by when he would n't talk about them . " Katrina Dawson : ` One of our best and brightest ' Dawson 's death has shaken the legal community in Sydney . "  Katrina was one of our best and brightest barristers who will be greatly missed by her colleagues and friends at the NSW Bar , " said Jane Needham , the president of the New South Wales Bar Association . "  She was a devoted mother of three children , and a valued member of her floor and of our bar community . " Dawson worked for the firm Eight Selborne Chambers , whose offices are about 70 meters from the Lindt cafe . "  A morning coffee at the Lindt Cafe was part of her daily routine , " reported The Australian , a daily newspaper . On Monday , she was there with a pregnant colleague , the newspaper said . Dawson was trying to protect her colleague when she was killed , The Courier Mail reported without saying where it got the information . Police said two pregnant women held hostage by the gunman were hospitalized after the siege and are in stable condition . Dawson 's three children -- two girls and a boy -- are aged 8 , 5 and 3 , local media reported . A high-flying student who graduated of the University of New South Wales , Dawson specialized in commercial , bankruptcy and competition law . Her brother and husband are also lawyers . She is the daughter of a prominent businessman , Alexander "  Sandy " Dawson , the former chief executive of the food company Arnott 's , and the sculptor Jane Dawson , the Sydney Morning Herald reported .	Tori Johnson , the manager of the store , was reportedly killed trying to tackle the gunman "  We are so proud of our beautiful boy Tori , " his family says Katrina Dawson , a successful lawyer and mother of three young children , was also killed "  Katrina was one of our best and brightest barristers , " a local law association says
Brad , Texas  CNN  -- High winds whipped up a spreading wildfire in northern Texas on Wednesday as firefighters battled several blazes across the tinder-dry state . A raging grass fire in Oklahoma City , meanwhile , claimed several structures , including a barn , affiliate KFOR reported . Homes in the area were evacuated . The 101 Ranch fire in Palo Pinto County grew to about 7,500 acres on Wednesday afternoon , and it was unclear how much had been contained , the Texas Forest Service reported . The fire was centered around the south side of Possum Kingdom Lake outside Brad , about 50 miles west of the Dallas-Fort Worth metro area . Observers on the opposite shore were forced to pull back when winds around 20 mph carried embers across the lake . The fire had destroyed at least 39 homes , according to the Forest Service , and another 125 households were evacuated . Firefighters were getting support from aerial tankers and helicopters that were dropping water on the blaze . Nine RVs were burned . On Wednesday morning , firefighters reported they had "  hooked the heel " of the fire , which means they established an anchor from which they can begin extending lines along its edge . The cause of the blaze was not immediately clear . Texas is up against its worst fire season in state history , according to officials . A record 3.5 million acres have burned since the start of the season last November as hot and dry weather , coupled with a historic drought , have made conditions ripe for rapid fire growth . Firefighters are now battling a total of nine wildfires , which have consumed about 16,000 acres , the Forest Service says . Jerry and Silvia Overton were among the residents who were forced to flee as the 101 Ranch fire closed in on their homes . The fire "  got away " from the firefighters , and "  the only escape route we had at that time was the marina , " Jerry Overton said . He and his wife got on their boat , let others without boats onboard , and watched the thick , black smoke for a bit before going across the lake to the harbor . On Wednesday , he inspected the house and saw that outside of some possible smoke damage , it appeared unharmed . Yet the experience of evacuating -- the second time they had to do so since April -- was a frightening one . "  The first time back in April  was  scary , but this was horrific , " Silvia Overton said . "  This time I really felt we could lose everything . " "  There 's still a lot of work going on and a lot of stuff that 's being threatened and they are doing the best they can to protect structures , " said John Nichols with the Texas Forest Service . Boats such as the Overtons ' were used to ferry some evacuees across Possum Kingdom Lake , he said . "  I do n't think I have seen it this bad anywhere , " Nichols said . "  Walking across somebody 's yard that just crackles under your feet because the grass is so dry . It 's just a tough , tough situation . " Firefighters in Huntsville , in east Texas , battled a 100-acre fire . Two structures were lost and 10 homes were threatened . Texas and Oklahoma are the worst-hit of several states in a band of severe drought that stretches from Arizona to sections of the East Coast . More than 90 % of the state is suffering from "  extreme " or "  exceptional " drought conditions , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln . CNN 's Jim Spellman , Ed Payne , Dave Alsup , John Fricke and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Grass fire burns in Oklahoma City 7,500 acres have burned in Palo Pinto County , Texas High winds have whipped up the blaze west of Dallas-Fort Worth Texas is up against the worst fire season in its history
CNN  -- If you sat down with an accomplished self-portrait photographer , the last thing you might expect to hear is "  I 'm a bit uneasy in my skin right now . " But that 's what Jen Davis tells me as she eyes the voice recorder I 've set between us on her living room couch . She tucks her legs beneath her . "  In fact , " she says , "  I have to admit I 'm a little freaked out . " Davis 's inhibitions are understandable . She spent ten years creating striking , seductive images of her own 269-pound frame , and now , suddenly -- with the top portion of her stomach cinched by a silicone Lap-Band and the extra weight melting away -- her subject is disappearing before her eyes . As we chat about her past and her work , Davis laughs easily , and before responding to a question , she wrinkles her forehead so you can practically see her thinking . She 's beautiful , with bright blue eyes and the kind of straight blonde hair the rest of us have to fake . But because she 's been obese most of her life , Davis is racked with insecurities . Since she was a teenager , she has preferred to interact with the world from a distance , through the lens of a camera . During her high school years , she was constantly snapping photos of kids in the hallways and the cafeteria as a photographer for the yearbook . "  I used the camera to gain access , to communicate , " she says . Oprah.Com : What inspires the most creative people we know But the pictures she took outside school -- abandoned cars on a nearby reservation ; the teenage boys she pined for as they jammed with their garage bands -- reflected her growing sense of isolation . Over time she began to focus on capturing the loneliness in others . "  It was like I was taking self-portraits , " she says , "  except I was n't in them . " When Davis was 23 , her work took a turn : Reading through her old journals , she was struck by the fact that her grievances -- being overweight , missing out on romantic love -- had been the same for years . Maybe , she thought , if I turn the camera on myself , I might shake loose whatever is holding me back . In the first self-portrait she ever snapped , Davis sits on a bamboo mat on the sand , on spring break in Myrtle Beach , her one-piece bathing suit concealed by a green cover-up and black shorts ; the friends around her are slender in their bikinis and swim trunks , and the uneasiness on her face is palpable . So began a decade-long project , during which Davis shot hundreds of images of her body . "  A lot of artists use self-portraits to transform into other identities . But my intention was to understand myself better . To articulate myself through the lens . " Oprah.com : 7 steps to creating the life you really want The photos are arresting . In one , Davis is fresh out of the shower , wrapped in a maroon towel , water droplets dotting her pale shoulders . In another , she is floating on her back in a concrete water tank , her limbs spread like starfish rays . Some shots convey her anxieties more directly : her fingers trying to button a too-small pair of pants ; her eyes doleful as she lies awake in the toned arms of a sleeping man . Davis never imagined an audience when she began the project . Had she envisioned her photos hanging in museums and galleries , she would n't have been as bold , she says . But it was n't long before the powerfully raw images generated buzz in the photography world . Davis was accepted to the Yale University School of Art 's Master of Fine Arts program . Galleries in France , Spain , and Italy exhibited her work . The New York Times Magazine published her photos . She won awards and grants , and colleges and museums invited her to lecture on her portrayals of beauty and sexuality . And then , in the spring of 2011 , during a photography residency in Syracuse , New York , while Davis was reviewing her portfolio -- dozens of portraits blown up and hung on the wall -- she was struck with the same feeling of horror she 'd felt reading through her journals when she was 23 . "  In ten years , my body had n't really changed , and I had n't changed , either , " she says . "  The problem was that I was making myself vulnerable only for the camera . What I really wanted was to be vulnerable for another person . " Oprah.com : Emotional eating : Get your feelings out of the fridge That summer Davis underwent Lap-Band surgery , and after ten months , as this issue goes to press , she has lost 95 pounds -- bringing her weight down to 174 . Despite the very real physical limitations created by a Lap-Band , patients who undergo the procedure must commit to eating healthily for long-term success . The failure rate , says Michael Hill , MD , of Adirondack Surgical Group , who has performed hundreds of these operations , is between 40 and 50 percent . Davis has not only adjusted to a new lifestyle but dedicated herself utterly to it . She has revamped her diet -- eating mindfully  without distractions like the computer  , avoiding simple carbohydrates , enjoying the feeling of filling up on nutritious foods like fruits and vegetables . She also hits the gym twice a week for cardio and weights , and does Pilates twice a week at home . Davis had always assumed she 'd die young when she was obese and a heavy smoker , and on some level , she was okay with that . Now she shudders to recall that feeling of indifference . There 's so much to live for -- including the thrill of going on first dates . "  I 'm 34 , and I 've never had a boyfriend , " she says with a wistful smile . "  I have a lot to learn . " Oprah.com : 7 foolproof rules for changing your diet But with all the changes , Davis has struggled artistically over the past year . She found herself craving a break from photographing her body as it began to slim down ; she felt more beautiful and more desirable than ever before -- but also more exposed , without all the extra weight to shield her from the world . It was n't until this spring that she finally aimed the camera at herself again . "  I thought the self-portraits might help me process my new life , " Davis says . "  I was ready to go back under my microscope . " She is surprised and excited by what she 's discovering in her recent images : "  My sexuality feels tangible for the first time . There 's a change in tone . Where I once saw an overpowering sadness , I now see confidence . " It 's in her gestures , and the way she holds herself . In Davis 's favorite portrait so far , she is looking at her reflection in the mirror . "  You can tell from my expression that I 'm not being critical , " she says . "  You can almost see the realization on my face : I am open to myself . " Oprah.com : 17 quotes to help you follow your dreams Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Artist Jen Davis built her career on self portraits Davis ' photography chronicles her battle with obesity Now she documents her weight loss and new vulnerability
CNN  -- The remains of what was Christchurch Cathedral , whose shattered spire became a symbol of the New Zealand city 's quake devastation , is to be dismantled after Anglican church officials said the earthquake had damaged the structure of the iconic church beyond repair . Bishop Victoria Matthews said the existing church walls would be brought down to about 3 meters and the base of the church kept for use as a prayer garden . Officials had thought part of the building could be saved but said on Friday that recent aftershocks had made the existing structure unsound . "  What we need to do is bring the walls down to a safe level which is probably about 2-3 meters , " Bishop Matthews said . "  There will be no bulldozers , no wrecking ball . This will be done with deep respect and love . " The cathedral -- one of the city 's best-known historic buildings -- was severely damaged in the earthquake on February 22 , 2011 , its neo-gothic spire crashing to the ground . The quake destroyed many buildings in Christchurch 's central business district and killed 185 people . When the deadly quake hit New Zealand News of its demolition was greeted with dismay in Christchurch where heritage campaigners say the decision was taken without public consultation . Christchurch City Councillor Aaron Keown vowed to protest to stop the demolition and said there was widespread support for his position . "  I would be in there chaining myself to the building to stop that and I know lots of other volunteers would come in to do that , " he told the Christchurch Press . Bishop Matthews said the cost of saving the cathedral was "  staggering " and that NZ$ 50 million  US$ 42 million  would be needed to rebuild existing parts of the building or NZ$ 100 million for a complete reconstruction . She said bringing the walls down to a safe level would allow officials to retrieve artworks and other church relics still inside the structure . The cathedral is within Christchurch 's "  red zone , " the worst-hit area of the city where many of the buildings still remain too unstable to enter . The Anglican Church has said that it is committed to building a new cathedral , but no plans have been drawn up about where it will be placed , how much it will cost or what it will look like . The 131-year-old cathedral had previously been damaged in earthquakes in 1881 , 1888 , 1901 and in 2010 , according to its website .	Church officials say quake-damaged cathedral will be demolished Walls to be reduced to three metres and the base kept as a prayer garden The Anglican Church says the cost to rebuild the structure is ` staggering ' The cathedral had survived five other quakes in its 131-year history
Washington  CNN  -- Rhode Island 's top Roman Catholic leader has asked Rep. Patrick Kennedy to stop taking Communion over his support for abortion rights , the diocese said Sunday . In a statement issued Sunday , Providence Bishop Thomas Tobin said he told Kennedy in February 2007 that it would be "  inappropriate " for him to continue receiving the fundamental Catholic sacrament , "  and I now ask respectfully that you refrain from doing so . " Kennedy , a Democrat , is the son of the late Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy and a scion of the most prominent Catholic family in modern U.S. politics . In an interview published Sunday , Patrick Kennedy told the Providence Journal that Tobin had barred him from receiving communion and instructed priests in the diocese not to administer the sacrament "  because of the positions that I 've taken as a public official . " Tobin , in a statement issued in response to the Kennedy interview , said his advice to the congressman was "  pastoral and confidential , " and he was surprised that Kennedy chose to discuss it publicly . "  I am disappointed that the congressman would make public my request of nearly three years ago that sought to provide solely for his spiritual well-being , " he said . The Roman Catholic Church strongly opposes abortion , which has been legal across the United States since 1973 . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops lobbied for tight restrictions on federal funding of abortion in the health care bill the House of Representatives passed earlier this month . Kennedy opposed a provision that restricted the use of federal money for abortions , but voted in favor of final passage of the bill that included that language . Efforts to reach Kennedy 's representatives were unsuccessful Sunday afternoon . But most bishops and priests oppose using communion as a "  political weapon , " and Kennedy 's disclosure may be an attempt to push back against the bishops ' support for the abortion restrictions in the House bill , CNN senior Vatican analyst John Allen said . "  The Catholic bishops have been fairly successful , at least to date , at putting abortion at the center of the debate over health care reform , and that obviously has generated some resentment from people who do n't share their views , " Allen said . Kennedy 's decision to come forward "  in effect puts the Catholic bishops in a negative light , because it ends up making them look intolerant , " Allen said . Tobin said Sunday only that he asked Kennedy not to take Communion . "  I have no desire to continue the discussion of Congressman Kennedy 's spiritual life in public , " he said . "  At the same time , I will absolutely respond publicly and strongly whenever he attacks the Catholic Church , misrepresents the teachings of the church or issues inaccurate statements about my pastoral ministry . " In an October interview , Kennedy criticized the bishops for threatening to oppose the overall bill if it did not include those restrictions . That prompted Tobin to call Kennedy 's position "  unacceptable to the church and scandalous to many of our members . " The latest exchange was comes on the 46th anniversary of the assassination of Kennedy 's uncle , John F. Kennedy , the nation 's first Catholic president . Patrick Kennedy is the last member of his family serving in Congress .	Patrick Kennedy tells newspaper that bishop barred him from Communion Diocese confirms it , says ban came in a confidential pastoral discussion in 2007 Bishop says he 's "  disappointed " that Kennedy made their conversation public Kennedy fought ban on funding abortion , but voted for health care bill that included the ban
CNN  -- The start of the final stage of the Tour de France was delayed Sunday when race officials asked Lance Armstrong and his team to remove their commemorative jerseys for cancer survivors . The officials told Armstrong and his team to remove the all-black jerseys and continue to wear their official jerseys throughout the race , according to CNN 's Chief Medical Correspondent Sanjay Gupta , who was at the event . Armstrong was not a top finisher in his last Tour de France ever , but he and his team had planned to ride into Paris ' Champs-Elysees with pride Sunday , wearing jerseys with the number 28 emblazoned on them . The number represents the 28 million people currently living with cancer worldwide -- a cause near to cancer survivor Armstrong 's heart . "  Today , we 're riding for every one of the 28 million people all over the world whose lives and families are affected by this disease , " said Armstrong , explaining why Team RadioShack was swapping its official red-and-gray racing kit in favor of the black ones . Alberto Contador won the Tour de France Sunday for the third time . His previous triumphs were in 2007 and 2009 . Mark Cavendish won the 20th -- and final -- stage . Armstrong , 38 , was diagnosed with advanced testicular cancer in October 1996 . He beat it , came back to win the Tour de France each year from 1999 until 2005 , and launched the Livestrong Foundation that has raised hundreds of millions of dollars toward the fight against cancer . After a four-year-retirement , he returned to the race in 2009 -- almost winning an eighth title . But this year , Armstrong finished 23rd . Armstrong and the rest of Team Radio Shack won the team competition , with their combined times faster than any other team . Armstrong is also fighting accusations leveled by former teammate Floyd Landis that he used performance-enhancing drugs . Landis himself was stripped of his 2006 Tour title for doping . Gupta is a board member of the Lance Armstrong LiveStrong Foundation .	Race officials refused to let Armstrong 's team wear the special jerseys Armstrong 's team wanted to wear the jerseys to honor millions living with cancer Armstrong himself is a cancer survivor The seven-time Tour de France winner finished 23rd in this year 's race
OPRAH.com  -- One of the original Kings of Comedy , Steve Harvey is the host of one of the most popular radio shows in the country , "  The Steve Harvey Morning Show . " His first book , "  Act Like a Lady , Think Like a Man , " is shooting to the top of the best-seller lists , and Oprah Winfrey says she loves everything it has to say ! Harvey says this book has a special meaning for him . "  This is the first project that I did n't do for money , " he says . "  Other than my foundation -- mentoring programs -- everything I do is for money . I tell jokes for a check ; I 'm on TV for a check . ... But this -LSB- book -RSB- right here I did purely to empower women . " In his book , Harvey says the way a man introduces you gives good insight into the status of your relationship . If a man introduces you as a friend or says your name with no title at all , Harvey says you have nothing . "  We 're very protective . We mark our territory . If a man loves you ... he 's willing to profess it . He 'll give you a title after a while . You 're going to be his lady , his woman , his fiancée , his wife , his baby 's mama , something , " he says . "  If he 's introducing you after six months , ` This is ... Oprah , ' you should be standing there going , ` This is going nowhere . ' " Oprah.com : Read an excerpt from this best-selling book ! Man with a plan Another thing women need to understand , according to Harvey , is that every man has a plan . "  Men do n't come up to you to just talk . We come up to you with a plan , " he says . "  We 're looking across the room at you , and we do n't care about your hopes and dreams . We do n't care about what your future holds . We saw something we wanted . " When a man approaches a woman , Harvey says , he already knows what we wants from her , but he does n't know what it will cost . "  How much time do you want from me ? What your standards ? What are your requirements ? Because we 'll rise to the occasion no matter how high you set the bar if we want to , " he says . "  The problem is , women have stopped setting the bar high . " Oprah.com : What 's your love type ? The cookie Though a woman might want many things from a man , Harvey says men only need three things : support , loyalty and sex . Or as Harvey calls it , "  the cookie . " "  We 've got to have your support . Whatever adventure we 're out on , whatever pursuit in life , we need your support . Then we need your loyalty . That 's your love . We 've got to know that you belong to us , " he says . "  And we 've got to have a cookie . Everybody likes cookies . That 's the thing about a cookie . I like oatmeal raisin ... but if you 've got vanilla cream , I 'll eat that too . " Kickin ' it In his book , Harvey tells the story of his father-in-law 's first introduction to one of Harvey 's daughter 's boyfriends . " -LSB- My 26-year-old daughter -RSB- was dating this guy who was about 30 . He had been over to the house about four , five times . And my father-in-law was visiting from Memphis , " Harvey says . "  He 's in the kitchen and he 's eating and -LSB- my daughter 's -RSB- boyfriend is in there , and -LSB- my father-in-law -RSB- goes : ` So , son , sit down . Tell me , what 's your plan for my granddaughter ? ' " After plenty of hemming and hawing , Harvey says the boyfriend finally said that the two were just "  kickin ' it . " Harvey was pretty confident his daughter did n't have the same interpretation of the relationship , he says . "  I said : ` Cool . Let 's bring my daughter in there . Let 's inform her that she 's just being kicked ... let 's see if that 's what she wants to do , " he says . "  They broke up the next day . " Gone fishin ' Harvey says men are like fishermen -- but women are actually the ones looking for a good catch . You wo n't be able to find one , though , until you up your standards . "  You 've got sports fishermen , and you 've got guys out there fishing to eat . You 've got guys that are fishing to keep the fish , and you 've got guys that are fishing to catch them , unhook them and throw them back , " Harvey says . "  You 've got to determine along the way which one of the fish you 're going to be . " Without ironclad standards , Harvey says you 'll always end up back in the dating pool . "  You 've got to quit lowering your standards , " he says . "  Set your requirements up front so when a guy hooks you , he has to know this is business . " And do n't let the man set the pace of the relationship -- Harvey says it 's always the woman who has total control . "  With all that power , why do you suddenly relinquish this power just because you want a guy to accept you ? That 's stupid , " he says . "  Say : ` Look , if you want to be with me , this is what you got to do . This is what it takes to get to me . ' " When should you sleep with your new boyfriend ? As an auto plant worker , Harvey says he had to wait 90 days to receive benefits -- and says the same probation period should apply to dating . "  In 90 days they checked me out . They determined if I was easy to work with , if I got along well with others , if I showed up when I said I was going to show up , if I was worthy . " Women , Harvey says , hold the greatest benefit of all -- the cookie -- so there 's no reason to give it away until you know your man deserves it . "  Slow down , ladies , " Harvey says . "  Look , you can not run us off . " So what if you do n't want to wait 90 days ? Harvey says if you change the probation period , you do so at your own risk . "  You all keep changing the rules . And men are aware of the fact that you are changing the rules . We 're aware of the fact that you act desperate . We 're aware of the fact that you think there 's a good shortage of good men out there , " he says . "  We play on all of that . ... We created the term ` gold digger ' so you wo n't ask us for nothing . We created the term ` nagging ' so you can quit badgering us . These are terms that we created so you can require less of us . " Mr. fix-it Harvey says four little words can strike fear and dread into any man : We need to talk . "  You just drove a nail in his forehead , " Harvey says . Men are fixers , not talkers , Harvey says , so it 's better to get to the point . "  When you say , ` We need to talk , ' we put up the barriers , " he says . "  I tell ladies , just sit down and strike up a conversation . " Oprah.com : How to talk to a brick wall Turn off the text Social networking Web sites and text messages can be a great way to keep in touch with friends , but Harvey says it 's not the best way to date . "  You have nothing if you 're texting a guy in a relationship , " he says . "  We can text six women a minute . We can text it and push ` reply all . ' I mean , since we 're lying , we might as well lie to everybody . " If you want the relationship to be more , take it face-to-face . "  Women talk about -LSB- how -RSB- chivalry 's dead . Chivalry 's not dead -- it 's just not required anymore , " he says . "  You 've got to get a guy in your face . Look in his eyes . ... God has given you all this incredible thing called intuition . You 've got to use that . " Safety first You know you 've got a keeper when your man wants to make sure you 're always safe , Harvey says . Every man wants to protect his woman , and Harvey says this instinct kicks in when his wife , Marjorie , scuba dives . "  I ca n't go home without her . We 've got seven kids between us , " Harvey says . "  They need their mother . I 'm not a good mother at all . " Although Marjorie is a certified diver , Harvey is n't a swimmer . "  I have a security guy who can swim , " he says . "  So -LSB- he puts -RSB- on the snorkeling gear and when she goes down , I tell him , ` You swim over and just keep an eye on my wife . ' " Harvey also has instructions for everyone else on the boat . "  I told all the dive masters on the boat : ` If she does not come out of that water in 30 minutes , everybody in the water . Everybody . We 're doing a dive search right here , ' " he says . "  I do n't care if nobody -LSB- else -RSB- on the boat goes home . She goes home . " Oprah.com : How to read his body language From The Oprah Winfrey Show Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Comedian Steve Harvey says women set the bar too low when dating Harvey : Workers wait 90 days for benefits ; women should date 90 days before sex Texting is not dating , says Harvey , just easier way for men to tell more lies Men use terms like "  gold digger " and "  nagging " as weapons against women
President Barack Obama on Saturday nominated Loretta Lynch as his next U.S. attorney general , describing the two-time U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York as a "  tough , fair and independent " lawyer . "  It 's pretty hard to be more qualified for this job than Loretta Lynch , " Obama said at the White House , where he was joined by Lynch and outgoing Attorney General Eric Holder . "  I can think of no better public servant to be our next attorney general . " The president said the Senate overwhelmingly confirmed Lynch twice before as a federal prosecutor . "  It 's my hope that the Senate will confirm her for a third time without delay , " he said . "  Loretta might be the only lawyer in America who battles mobsters and drug lords and terrorists and still has the reputation for being a charming people person , " the president said . Lynch , 55 , said she was both thrilled and humbled , and thanked Holder for "  leading by example " and "  pushing the department to live up to its name . " The first African-American woman to hold the nation 's top law enforcement post , Lynch vowed "  wake up every morning with the protection of the American people my first thought . " The nominee , when confirmed by the Senate , will replace Holder , who announced his plans in September to step down . At the White House , Obama praised Holder , calling him "  one of the longest-serving attorney generals in American history , and one of our finest . " Lynch is a popular prosecutor who is in her second stint as U.S. attorney in Brooklyn , appointed by President Obama in 2010 and also serving in the same post from 1999 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton . "  She has made her name as work horse , not show horse , " said CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin , who worked with Lynch as a junior prosecutor in 1990 . "  She is someone who tried cases as a junior prosecutor , ran the Long Island office and then was promoted to U.S. attorney for all of the Eastern District of New York . It 's a job that is not terribly glamorous , especially compared to the U.S. attorney in Manhattan , but it 's a job that she has done twice , " Toobin said . Lynch would be the second woman to serve as attorney general and the second African-American to hold the post . Lynch served on the trial team that prosecuted and won convictions in 1999 against New York City police officers for violating the civil rights of Abner Louima , a Haitian immigrant whom police officers beat and sodomized while he was in their custody . That experience could help at the helm at the Justice Department , which is overseeing high-profile civil rights investigations , including one into the Ferguson , Missouri , police shooting of Michael Brown . "  She 's absolutely not a partisan lawyer , " said Julie Myers Wood , CEO at Guidepost Solutions and one of Lynch 's first hires as a federal prosecutor . "  I am a Republican , but she does n't care if people are Republicans or Democrats . She cares about getting the job done . " Lynch has quietly built a solid reputation in New York , where Preet Bharara , the top federal prosecutor in Manhattan , garners magazine covers and regular media attention for Wall Street prosecutions . In a statement , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton called Lynch "  a remarkable prosecutor with a clear sense of justice without fear or favor . " New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said in a statement that Lynch "  has time and time again demonstrated her commitment to ensuring there is one set of rules for everyone and to defending the principle of equal justice for all . " Her 2010 nomination won Senate approval on a voice vote , meaning Republicans did n't view her as controversial . In recent months , however , she has led the prosecution of Rep. Michael Grimm , R-New York , for alleged tax fraud . Grimm won reelection this week despite being under indictment , and has called the case against him politically motivated . Lynch was overwhelmingly approved by the Senate to be a U.S. attorney in 2010 , but GOP aides said initially Friday they do n't know that much about her . Regardless , the scrutiny she will receive to become the nation 's top law enforcement official will be much greater than when she was picked to be one of 93 U.S. attorneys . Lynch was born in Greensboro , North Carolina , and earned her undergraduate and law degrees at Harvard University . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , who becomes majority leader in January , said in a statement that a decision on the nomination should be made in the new Senate in January . "  Ms. Lynch will receive fair consideration by the Senate , " he said . "  And her nomination should be considered in the new Congress through regular order . " In a joint statement , Republican Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah said Lynch should state whether she believes Obama 's plan to sign an executive order overhauling immigration laws was "  constitutional and legal . " The statement also said Lynch "  should not be confirmed in the lame duck session of Congress by senators who just lost their seats and are no longer accountable to the voters . " Sen. Chuck Grassley , R-Iowa , who is poised to chair the Judiciary Committee in the new GOP-controlled Senate , and other top Senate GOP leaders never got word about the expected nomination from the White House , according to aides . "  It 'd be nice if the White House called to let us know , " one aide grumbled to CNN . While the administration is not required to inform Congress in advance about Cabinet picks , it is often done to give key lawmakers -- like Grassley and members of leadership -- a courtesy heads-up , or to consult with them and determine whether there would be major opposition . Cruz , a member of the Judiciary Committee , said Friday on Twitter that a vote on Lynch should n't take place during the lame-duck session and should be put off until the new Congress convenes in January . "  Democratic senators who just lost their seats should n't confirm new Attorney General . Should be vetted by new Congress , " he wrote . But another committee member , Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN 's Dana Bash that Lynch "  seems to be a solid choice " and is qualified . Graham said he does n't have any problems with her being confirmed in the lame-duck session , noting that other Cabinet picks have been approved during such periods . Opinion : Would Loretta Lynch echo Holder on civil rights ?	President Obama says Loretta Lynch is his pick for attorney general Loretta Lynch is a U.S. attorney in for the Eastern District of New York She would succeed Eric Holder , who announced his resignation in September
