CNN  -- Before dropping off his son at Colgate University a few days ago to begin his freshman year , New York advertising photographer Robert Tardio went on one last summer vacation with his family . While his wife and youngest son were out exploring the quaint streets of Montreal , Robert took his eldest , college-bound teen out for a beer . "  My son is an incredible , conscientious young man . But at 14 , 15 , 16 -- alcohol was out of the question . We made it very clear what our expectations were and that he would not be drinking . " The rules shifted for Tardio 's son Ames when he turned 18 . Now , a beer here or there was no longer out of the question . Labor Day by the numbers "  In our minds , he became somewhat of an adult , and we were willing to set new limits . He understood that if he was going to have a drink he had to be responsible and in control at all times . We also had many discussions with him about the consequences of his actions if he was n't under control . " So the Tardios did what many parents across the country do : They made up their own rules , inside their own home , when it came to alcohol consumption and their underage children . As a mother of a 10-year-old daughter and a 12-year-old son , I 've often wondered if it 's OK to give my children a sip of wine at dinner . Would I be sending an irresponsible message , or demystifying alcohol and thereby weakening its allure later on ? U.S. government agencies insist no amount of underage drinking is acceptable . "  If parents have a liberal idea about alcohol , kids may get the wrong message , " says Dr. Vivian Faden , director of the Office of Science Policy and Communications at the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism at the National Institutes of Health . "  Underage drinking can lead to injuries , fatal car accidents , risky sexual behavior , and there 's also potential risk to the developing brain . " What are your Labor Day plans ? According to the NIAAA , every year nearly 2,000 college students between the ages of 18 and 24 die from alcohol-related injuries . The question parents often wrestle with is whether they can help their children make better decisions about drinking on campus if they allow experimentation at home before they leave for college . Tamar Abrams , a senior communications manager at a global development firm in Virginia , says she never allowed her daughter to drink when she was in high school . "  The line for me was what was legal versus what was illegal . It seemed like a slippery slope to bend the rules , and I was not going to break the law . " Her daughter is currently a rising sophomore at Drexel University and has n't had any alcohol-related problems . Dr. Westley Clark , director of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration 's Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality , would agree with Abrams ' approach . "  Statistics show children who start drinking at a younger age have more problems later on . We also know that , particularly for males under 21 , they are still developing what we call executive function -- meaning , how they make decisions and how they deal with risk . At 21 , the brain is simply more mature and the ability to control impulses is much stronger . The legal age is 21 . The message to parents is to buy time and delay the onset of any consumption . " At Yale University 's School of Medicine , Meghan Morean , a postdoctoral fellow in the department of psychiatry , has been studying substance abuse in adolescence and early adulthood for nearly a decade . While she agrees with Clark that early drinking is associated with "  heavier drinking as children age , " Morean says what could be a key in helping children avoid alcohol-related trouble is often the willingness of their parents to talk . "  The piece of the puzzle that 's likely missing is arming underage drinkers with real , concrete information . It 's too easy to say ` Do n't drink and drive , ' and that 's generally where parents stop talking . Instead , they should be quizzing their kids to see if they really understand how many drinks it takes to get drunk . Do they know what binge drinking really is and what it looks like ? These are the type of questions that need to be talked about openly and honestly . " Underage drinking : Talking to your teen about alcohol Having those kinds of candid conversations is something the Tardios made sure to do with Ames before -- and after -- they offered him his first beer at home . And it 's the reason that , when they said goodbye to him at Colgate -- the same campus where the couple met 34 years earlier -- they drove off with perhaps less anxiety about alcohol than many parents of college freshmen are feeling right now . "  We 've built a trusting relationship with our son and we know he 'll make the right decisions without us watching over him , " reflects Tardio . "  We 've allowed him to play a little with alcohol at home and we 're not worried that suddenly , without our supervision , he 'll make the wrong decisions . We 've always had high expectations about his behavior and that has n't stopped now that he 's in college . " Do you let your kids have a drink on special occasions ? Were you raised in a household where a sip of wine with dinner was normal ? Share your experiences in the comments section below .	Some parents wonder if giving kids a taste of alcohol would demystify it or be irresponsible No amount of alcohol is OK for children , U.S. government agencies say 2000 college students die from alcohol-related injuries each year , government says
EW  -- "  Jack the Giant Slayer "  CinemaScore : B +  picked up significantly over the weekend , earning a $ 28 million opening on 3,525 screens . This is better than it was tracking on Friday , likely due to the fact that families waited until the weekend to see the film . Still , it 's nowhere near what the movie needed to take in on its opening weekend , and will likely not even come close to making up for its almost $ 200 million budget . Review : ` Jack the Giant Slayer ' To put a little perspective on this March weekend , the same timeframe last year had an animated opening and an R-rated party movie that fared much better than "  Jack " and "  21 and Over "  in third place  : "  Dr. Seuss ' The Lorax " opened at $ 70.2 million and "  Project X " at $ 21.1 million . As the first $ 100 million movie of 2013 , "  Identity Thief " made $ 9.7 million in its fourth weekend in theaters . Down 31 percent from last weekend , Universal 's Jason Bateman and Melissa McCarthy comedy picked up eight new theaters . If it was n't obvious that "  Identity Thief " was a runaway success , the R-rated movie has already made three times its opening weekend . Paul Feig and company should be anxious to find out if the McCarthy/Sandra Bullock vehicle "  The Heat " will boast similar profits when it opens in June . Review : '21 and Over ' "  21 and Over "  CinemaScore : B  had a $ 9 million opening weekend in 2,771 locations , with a $ 3,248 per screen average . Directed by first time directors Jon Lucas and Scott Moore , Relativity 's $ 13 million party movie should be able to make back its budget , but it is surely disappointing that the film came in at less than half of "  Project X 's " opening weekend . "  Project X " dropped off 47 percent in its second weekend , and , if "  21 and Over " follows that trend , it will at least slide past the $ 13 million mark . Although "  The Last Exorcism Part II "  CinemaScore : C -  was tracking pretty similarly to "  21 and Over " on Friday , the poorly rated horror film lost a little steam over the weekend , bringing in only $ 8 million in 2,700 locations , with a $ 2,974 location average . The first "  Last Exorcism " opened in late August 2010 at $ 20.4 million . Though it only ended up making twice that in its lifetime , with a $ 1.8 million budget , it 's no wonder CBS Films thought that they might be able to repeat Lionsgate 's success . So far , "  Part II " has made up its $ 5 million production budget , and surpassed the $ 3 million that CBS Films spent acquiring it , but considering the poor reviews and similarly bleak CinemaScore , it 's very unlikely that it will hit the margins of the first film . Rounding out the top five is Summit Entertainment 's "  Snitch . " Down 41 percent in its second weekend , the $ 7.7 million weekend brings the Dwayne Johnson action flick to $ 24.4 million total . 1 . "  Jack the Giant Slayer " -- $ 28 million 2 . "  Identity Thief " -- $ 9.7 million 3 . "  21 and Over " -- $ 9 million 4 . "  The Last Exorcism Part II " -- $ 8 million 5 . "  Snitch " -- $ 7.7 million Park Chan-wook 's R-rated thriller "  Stoker " also opened in seven theaters for a $ 158,822 weekend , with a $ 22,698 location average . This is the first English language film for the South Korean director  "  Old Boy "  , and was co-produced by Ridley Scott , Tony Scott , and Michael Costigan . The movie stars Nicole Kidman and Mia Wasikowska . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Jack the Giant Slayer " earned a $ 28 million opening on 3,525 screens It 's nowhere near what the movie needed to take in on its opening weekend "  Identity Thief , " meanwhile , is the first $ 100 million movie of 2013
CNN  -- The Obama transition team approached Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , about becoming U.S. surgeon general , according to sources inside the transition and at CNN . The Obama administration approached CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta about becoming U.S. surgeon general . Gupta was in Chicago , Illinois , in November to meet with President-elect Barack Obama on the matter , sources said . Gupta has declined comment . The transition team is impressed with the combination of Gupta 's past government experience , as a White House fellow in 1997 and a special adviser to then-first lady Hillary Clinton , along with his medical career as a neurosurgeon and his communication skills , the transition source said . Gupta is a member of the staff and faculty of the Department of Neurosurgery at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . He regularly performs surgery at Emory University Hospital and at Grady Memorial Hospital , where he serves as associate chief of neurosurgery . Watch CNN 's John King report on Sanjay Gupta as possible surgeon general " CNN released a statement saying , "  Since first learning that Dr. Gupta was under consideration for the surgeon general position , CNN has made sure that his on-air reporting has been on health and wellness matters and not on health-care policy or any matters involving the new administration . " Gupta joined CNN in 2001 . As chief medical correspondent for the health and medical unit , he is a lead reporter on breaking medical news , provides regular health and medical updates for "  American Morning , " anchors the half-hour weekend medical affairs program "  House Call with Dr. Sanjay Gupta " and reports for CNN documentaries . Based in Atlanta , Gupta also contributes health stories to CNN.com , co-hosts "  Accent Health " for Turner Private Networks , provides medical segments for the syndicated version of "  ER " on TNT and writes a column for Time magazine . He also anchors the global health program "  Vital Signs " for CNN International and is featured in a weekly podcast on health issues called "  Paging Dr. Gupta . " Just after joining CNN , Gupta became part of the team covering the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . Later that year , he led breaking news reporting on a series of anthrax attacks . Learn about notable past surgeon generals " In 2003 , Gupta reported from Iraq and Kuwait as an embedded correspondent with the U.S. Navy 's medical unit -- and worked alongside them , performing brain surgery five times . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's cabinet picks In addition , Gupta reported from Sri Lanka in the aftermath of the tsunami that swept the region in December 2004 . He also helped cover the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina from New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2005 . He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan and his medical degree from the University of Michigan Medical Center .	Based in Atlanta , Georgia , Sanjay Gupta is CNN 's chief medical correspondent Obama team likes Gupta 's combination of government , medical experience Gupta member of faculty of Neurosurgery Department at Emory University In 1997 , Gupta was White House fellow and adviser to then-first lady Hillary Clinton
CNN  -- "  My Fair Wedding " host David Tutera and his soon-to-be ex-husband are raising eyebrows by choosing to raise their twin children separately . Tutera 's ex , Ryan Jurica , discussed the controversial decision for the first time on HLN 's Now In America . "  I still feel like I lost a daughter , " said Jurica . "  I hope the kids can be in each other 's lives as much as possible , and that 's what I 'm working hard to do . " Tutera and Jurica were united in a civil union in Vermont in September 2003 . About three years ago , they decided to have children through a surrogate , but by the time the babies were born , the couple had split up . After the two ended their relationship earlier this year , they reached a temporary custody agreement to raise their 2-month-old twins , a boy named Cedric and a girl named Cielo , separately . Although the divorce is n't final , the couple has decided Jurica will raise his biological child , Cedric , and Tutera will raise his biological child , Cielo . Tutera appeared on "  The View " last week and announced the couple 's decision . "  We transferred two embryos into the surrogate : One was biologically mine , my daughter , Cielo . One was biologically his , his son , " he explained . Jurica said it was Tutera 's decision to split up the children , and he 's still sad that this is the solution they 've reached . Jurica said the idea came up when the two separated and Tutera told him , "  We know the boy is yours and the girl is mine . You can have your son and I can have my daughter , and we can move on with our lives . " Going forward , Jurica said , he plans to explain everything to his son as soon as he 's mature enough to understand the situation . "  I plan to tell Cedric everything . I think honesty is the only way to live , " he said . "  Obviously it will have to wait until he 's old enough . It 's a complex and complicated story , both how he came into this world and my past and my divorce , so it 's a lot to talk about . " HLN contacted Tutera for a response , but he declined to comment . Babble bloggers : ` We 're pissed ' to be pregnant with twins	"  My Fair Wedding " host David Tutera and his soon-to-be ex-husband Ryan Jurica will split twins The couple broke up after a surrogate was implanted with embryos from each man "  I still feel like I lost a daughter , " Jurica says as he raises his son , Cedric , on his own
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- Sharon Phillips is a regular at the Anchorage Jobs Center Midtown -- grateful for the resource but a bit frustrated she has to keep coming . About 900 people a week visit the Anchorage Jobs Center Midtown . Alaska 's unemployment rate is 8.3 percent . "  I am one of 70 or 80 people putting in for just about every position , " Phillips told us during a visit this past week . "  It 's been difficult . " Phillips has been looking for work for more than eight months now , often using the computerized job listings at the state-run jobs center . "  I put in for probably 10 , eight to 10 jobs a week . I 've been interviewed for about four a week . And I 'm still unemployed , " she said . Brad Gillespie , the Anchorage , Alaska , regional manager for the job centers , says about 900 people a week visit the midtown facility . That 's up 20 percent to 30 percent from the same time a year ago . "  We 're a seasonal economy up here , and we 're getting into winter season , " Gillespie said . "  So tourism is down . Construction work , too . "  And the Anchorage International Airport is an international hub for freight operations , and that 's been impacted by the economy turning down . " New numbers released Friday show that the state unemployment rate is 8.4 percent -- up from 6.7 percent a year ago . The job market is so tight that the state now posts a caution on its Division of Employment Security Web site suggesting people not move to Alaska unless they already have work lined up . "  We have a fair amount of people who think that Alaska is the promised land , and they have misconceptions maybe about what is up here . And they load up the family and head out on the Alaska highway , and we want to encourage them not to do that until they have something lined up before they get here , " Gillespie said . State economist Neal Fried says Alaska is often isolated from national economic trends because its economy is so different : manufacturing is for the most part limited to seafood processing , and the economy is built mostly around the energy sector and federal spending on the military and other government installations . But the numbers do n't lie . "  We are part of it like the rest of the country is , " Fried said . "  We are and appear to be more attached , to be more affected by this recession than we 've ever been in prior recessions in this country . " The pain is hardest in the rural , remote communities where energy and food costs are way above the national average because of transportation costs . A recent University of Alaska at Anchorage analysis said unemployment among native Alaskans was approaching 20 percent . Carol Wren , the director of employment and training at the Cook Inlet Tribal Council 's community center , says this is the toughest stretch she has seen in her 10 years of work at the center . Among native Alaskans , she said education rates tend to be lower and poverty rates higher . "  We have folks that may not have the credentials or the experience , " she said . "  As it is more competitive , they are less likely to get those positions . So it is making it more difficult to help folks find work . " The center has benefited from some federal stimulus money to help families with training , child care and other costs . But Wren , while grateful for that assistance , still sees a tough stretch ahead . "  I think we are just starting to feel it here , " she says of the recession . Democratic Sen. Mark Begich believes stimulus money is helping to cushion the blow . "  If you drive around town you will see some roads paved , some construction projects , " said Begich , a former Anchorage mayor . He said the state received about $ 1.6 billion in stimulus funds , about a quarter of which he said is being spent on Alaska military installations . "  A lot of that I think buffered us at the right time , " Begich said . Republican Gov. Sean Parnell agrees stimulus money has helped the state , but he says he would prefer Washington take steps he says would bring longer-term improvements . Tax cuts aimed at job creation is one wish , a faster decision on proposals for new exploration leases on the outercontinental shelf is another . "  Outercontinental shelf development is 35,000 new jobs , " Parnell said . "  I have some concerns about delays and that we have companies awaiting many federal permits , and we 'd like to see them move forward . " As for the stimulus money , Parnell said , "  When they try to pump up the states for a year or two with , you know , new Medicaid funds , to then cut the states off two years later leaves every state trying to patch that , or fix that hole . "  That 's the problem with stimulus funds is that they ¹ re great when they come in but it 's horrible when they ¹ re gone . So , it 's a dependence that gets created that does n't lead to any more freedom or prosperity in the long run . " Looking ahead , Parnell is pushing new tourism marketing incentives to help buffer what , at this early point , looks like another tough tourism season next summer . And while he believes Alaska will not be as hard hit as many other states , Parnell voices the concerns of many here in saying that the fact that the recession arrived here late leads to worries it could linger too long . "  Alaska tends to trail the rest of the United States when it comes to the economy . So when the rest of the economy is headed up , it takes Alaska some time behind it , " he said .	Recession hurts tourism , construction work , freight operations in Alaska State 's unemployment rate is 8.4 percent , up from 6.7 percent a year ago Alaska is often isolated from national trends because its economy is so different Governor worries that a recession that came late will linger longer
London  CNN  -- Singer Amy Winehouse has topped the British charts with a new album , more than four months after her death . The posthumous collection , "  Lioness : Hidden Treasures , " features 12 tracks ; unreleased songs and alternative versions of some of her hits . Winehouse 's longtime producers Salaam Remi and Mark Ronson trawled through hours of recordings to compile the album , which also includes "  Body and Soul , " her duet with crooner Tony Bennett . The "  Rehab " and "  Valerie " songstress died in July at the age of 27 , following a long and well-documented battle with drink and drugs . An inquest ruled she died of alcohol poisoning , with a blood-alcohol level more than five times the drink-drive limit . Review : Winehouse 's "  Lioness " is bittersweet Winehouse 's mother Janis welcomed news of the album 's success in a statement on amywinehouse.com , saying it was "  amazing news . " " -LSB- It -RSB- just goes to show what she still means to people ... I 'm so proud of my daughter and so happy that she is still touching people . She 's forever in my heart . " Gennaro Castaldo , spokesman for music retailer HMV , said "  Lioness " had long been tipped as a big hit , following a massive upsurge in demand for Winehouse 's music following her death . "  We fully expected it to go straight in at No. 1 , but to do so achieving such a level of sales is truly remarkable and shows how Amy 's music continues to touch so many people , " he said . Winehouse is the latest in a string of artists to notch up major music sales after their death : Michael Jackson , Frank Sinatra and Eva Cassidy all saw similar success . Paul Stokes , associate editor of music magazine "  Q " said such posthumous releases were risky , but could offer new windows into an artist 's talent . "  It 's unlikely you 'll ever know what the artist in question thought of it and whether they are happy for the public to hear it as they 're not finished , " he told CNN . "  However these records do shed often a different light on an artist 's creative process so can be of merit artistically . "  And in the case where a singer has passed away suddenly , as with Amy Winehouse , they give fans an opportunity to hear the best versions of what 's left behind rather than poor quality bootlegs or studio leaks . "	Amy Winehouse 's posthumous album "  Lioness : Hidden Treasures " hits No. 1 Longtime collaborators Salaam Remi and Mark Ronson trawled archives for new material Singer died of alcohol poisoning in July , aged just 27
CNN  -- The small fruit has the color of a cranberry , the shape of an almond and tastes like a flavorless gummy . The "  miracle fruit " makes acidic foods , such as lemons and grapefruits , sweet and candy-like . But after chewing the fruit and rubbing the pulp against the tongue , the berry , known by a promising name -- "  miracle fruit " or Synsepalum dulcificum -- releases a sweetening potency that alters the taste buds . For about 15 to 30 minutes , everything sour is sweet . Lemons lose their zing and taste like candy . Oranges become sickeningly sweet . Hot sauce that usually burns the tongue tastes like honey barbecue sauce that scorches as it trickles down the throat . Through word of mouth , these miracle fruits have inspired "  taste tripping " parties , where foodies and curious eaters pay $ 10 to $ 35 to try the berries , which are native to West Africa . About five months ago , a Miami , Florida , hospital began studying whether the fruit 's sweetening effects can restore the appetite of cancer patients whose chemotherapy treatments have left them with dulled taste buds . "  What happens in patients is the food tastes so metallic and bland , it becomes repulsive , " said Dr. Mike Cusnir , a lead researcher on the project and oncologist at Mount Sinai Medical Center . "  Most of the patients undergoing chemotherapy have weight loss . Then they cut further into their diet and then this furthers the weight loss . It causes malnutrition , decreased function of the body and electrolyte imbalance . " Watch a flavor tripping demonstration and the interview with Cusnir . " One of Cusnir 's patients , Don Blechman , told him about the fruit after discovering it while he and his wife volunteered at a tropical fruit garden in Coral Gables , Florida . "  We did n't need it , but we thought it 's wonderful and told a lot of people , " said his wife , Terry Blechman . "  If you ca n't eat because everything tastes bitter , and one berry gives you back your taste for a meal , what is it worth ? It 's worth everything . " Cusnir filed for an investigational new drug application , which is required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to use an unapproved product in a new patient population . His study seeks 40 cancer patients . "  The majority have given good feedback that it did improve taste , " Cusnir said . "  A few patients felt there was n't much change . The feedback is mixed as it usually is in any situation . It 's been encouraging , but we have n't analyzed the data so far . " If the results show promise of helping cancer patients to maintain a healthy body weight and appetite , there will be bigger studies , Cusnir said . The process is expected to take several years . "  If this does n't work , we move on and spend resources on something else instead , " he said . It 's not only cancer patients and foodies turning to the miracle fruit . Carmen Duporte , a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , resident , integrated the miracle fruit into her routine drinks of aloe vera juice . Duporte drinks the juice to cleanse her digestive system , but hates its thick and long-lasting taste . "  It 's really bitter , " she said . "  If I do n't take -LSB- the miracle fruit -RSB- , I 'd be having that taste for a long time . When I drink it with the fruit , there 's no taste in my mouth . " Duporte told her friends about the berries , because "  it 's such a friendly fruit . " Through word of mouth , the miracle fruit has picked up buzz . "  This new resurgence of interest is fascinating , " said Linda Bartoshuk , a professor at the University of Florida 's Center for Smell and Taste . "  It popped on the scene and people are having fun with it . It motivated us to go back and do research . " Bartoshuk seeks to better understand how the berry works . In the 1970s , she studied the fruit while working for the U.S. Navy and Army labs . The miracle fruit contains a natural protein , called miraculin , which has sugar molecules that bind to the tongue , she said . When acid enters the mouth , the sugar molecules press into the sweet receptors . Some of her colleagues are looking into how the berries could help people with diabetes and obesity , because they sweeten the taste of food . Unlike sugar , the miracle fruit has very few calories and unlike artificial sweeteners , the berries are natural . Bartoshuk said she has n't seen any reports of dangers from eating the berries , but warned against premature health benefit claims . "  Everyone 's immediate response is it 's an artificial sweetener , it 'll help you lose weight , " she said . "  But the bad side is artificial sweeteners do n't help you lose weight . Any real claims for health benefits are going to have to be supported by good research . " After the FDA in 1974 declared that miraculin was a food additive , the miracle fruit grew in obscurity in South Florida and remained a local treat . Individual farmers , like Curtis Mozie , a retired post office employee , raised the berries and began shipping them to customers who found him on the Internet . "  I felt like everyone else needs to be aware of this fruit , " said Mozie of Fort Lauderdale . "  Why was it kept hush-hush ? I wanted people to enjoy the fruit and enjoy the experience and any edible item that does n't taste good with the help of the miracle fruit . " Curiosity about the fruit began to circulate among exotic fruit seekers . After a few media reports , other small farms cropped up and companies started selling the miracle fruit and tablets . "  No offense meant to people who want to pay money to eat miracle fruit and weird things . We used to do that every Friday , " said Richard Campbell , who oversees the tropical fruits at the Fairchild Tropical Fruit Garden . "  We grew up with miracle fruit . People came over , ate miracle fruit and sat around eating limes . I feel stupid I did n't think of charging anyone . "	Miracle fruit launches "  taste tripping " parties where foodies eat lemon , hot sauce Researchers at University of Florida are exploring chemistry behind fruit Miami hospital studies whether cancer patients can restore taste with berries
For many families this holiday season , video games will come wrapped in colorful paper , ribbons and bows -- and lots of questions . Inevitably , in the wake of the tragic school shootings in Newtown , Connecticut , video games have become part of the national conversation about the roots of violence . To be sure , any role they may have played in Newtown remains unclear . Police have said nothing about them , and scattered news reports have gunman Adam Lanza playing games ranging from the military strategy "  Starcraft " to kid-friendly "  Dance Dance Revolution , " neither of which rank among the more violent titles on the market . And while violent video-game controversies date back to the 1970s , studies into whether games cause violent behavior have been inconclusive . For many gamers , it 's an old and tired debate . But after the Newtown shootings , which claimed the lives of 20 children and seven adults -- including Lanza 's mother -- some shoppers are weighing whether it 's appropriate to give certain video games to children or young teens this holiday season . CNN reached out to iReporters and commenters on the site for their thoughts on the issue . "  I have two boys , age 9 , that want ` Call of Duty , ' " said a CNN commenter using the screen name goldeneagle78 , referring to the popular military-shooter game series . "  They will NOT be getting it , or any other game that is rated above their age level . " Reader Crysty Harper of Maricopa , Arizona , said she understands that millions play games with no ill effect , but that "  for the mentally unstable , these fantasy scenarios are fueling the violence , and being re-enacted in real life . " The Entertainment Software Rating Board created a ratings system for video games similar to the classification used in movies , such as PG-13 and R. "  Call of Duty : Black Ops 2 , " like many other games depicting violence , adult language or sexual content , is rated "  M for Mature , " or suggested for players 17 and older . Some readers lumped video games in with other media that depict violence . "  If they want to ban guns , why not ban them in movies , television and video games ? " asked reader Bill Smells in an iReport article inviting ideas for halting mass shootings . "  Why do we allow the media and entertainment industries to glorify weapons and killings ? "  If we 're going to start regulating and banning weapons , why not start by aggressively banning and preventing the abuse of weapons in media ? " Smells added . "  Why do we allow our children and young adults to buy video games that put them in the position of being rewarded for shooting and killing other players ? " Commenters repeatedly mentioned the Entertainment Software Rating Board 's system , saying parents should be as responsible about games their children play as they are about the movies they allow them to see . David Kaelin , president of Texas-based video game chain Game Over , said part of the confusion around the issue is because some parents and other adults only deal with video games once a year , around Christmas . Kaelin said he tries to help uninformed parents get the information they need , including ratings , before choosing gifts . But ultimately , he said , parents are responsible for keeping an eye on their kids . "  I have two young kids myself , " Kaelin said . "  For any parent to be able to be involved in whatever your kid 's doing , you need to be  educated  . You need to know what those things are . " Kaelin said he does n't believe games are responsible for societal violence . But he said he thinks the way kids play them can tell parents a lot about possible problems , especially when a child is spending a lot of time alone on the computer . "  Go into their room and see what they 're doing and what they 're into , " Kaelin said . "  Being an active and involved parent is being a good parent . " That 's a view echoed by many others . "  I would not consider buying my child a first-person shooter game , " wrote a reader using the handle dxp2718 . "  My kids , admittedly , are too young to play video games like that , but they COULD play with toy guns , swords or soldiers if I let them have them -- and I would n't even think of it . "  NOT HURTING OTHERS is lesson # 1 . It comes before reading , writing , counting or anything else . " Antwand Pearman , CEO of gaming and health company Gamer Fit Nation , said he does n't believe games are to blame . But he started a movement , including a hashtag on Twitter , urging people to give up playing first-person shooter games on Friday , December 21 , as a show of sympathy and understanding for the Newtown victims . "  It 's not to say that video games are to blame . It 's more to show that we as gamers give a damn , " Pearman said . "  Video games are more so a reflection of real life . Gaming is an outlet , just like movies and music . " CNN commenter Sean S. said he hopes people will look deeper for answers . He said parents have the most responsibility to teach their kids , especially since they are often the ones buying the games and they cost so much . "  People blame the video games because it is easier than blaming themselves , but the fact is millions of kids around this country and around the world play the same violent and destructive video games , and yet only a very select few have made the choice to take that violence and killing from the game and bring it into real life , " he said . What do you think ? Share your views in the comments area below or post video commentary on CNN iReport .	Readers sound off about video games and violence What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport Newtown shootings prompted conversation , though no gaming link has been found Studies have differed on role of video games in violence
EW.com  -- There 's a reason Marvel conceived the X-Men as a team : The menagerie of mutants are more interesting when they come in a pack . When the posse of super-powered outcasts was first brought to the screen by Bryan Singer in 2000 , Hugh Jackman 's mutton-chopped , adamantium-clawed Wolverine emerged as the stand-out super-freak . And Hollywood accounting being what it is , he was naturally granted his own solo encore in 2009 's underwhelming X-Men Origins : Wolverine , a silly spin-off that never quite came together . Now , to wipe the slate clean , Jackman and director James Mangold  Knight and Day ; Girl , Interrupted  have teamed up to bring out the claws once again in The Wolverine . And while it 's definitely a more entertaining and far deeper film than the last Wolverine outing , it still falls short of the top tier of Marvel tentpoles like the fizzy Iron Man and Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man . Based on Chris Claremont and Frank Miller 's much-loved 1982 comic-book arc , The Wolverine is an existential  and at times soddenly heavy  story about our razor-taloned hero grappling with the burden of immortality and loss . But before we wade into that therapy session , the film opens with a harrowing sequence set , like most of the film , in Japan . It 's WWII , and Jackman 's Logan is imprisoned in a Japanese POW camp in Nagasaki as B-29s fly overhead to deliver the atomic bomb . During the blast he saves one of his captors , a soldier named Yashida , who , during the explosion , learns of Wolverine 's invincibility and ability to heal his own wounds . Decades later , Logan , who has n't aged a day , has renounced violence and lives as a hirsute hermit in the Yukon . There , he 's tracked down by a punky , red-haired Japanese pixie named Yukio  Rila Fukushima  , who informs him that the man he saved back in the prison camp is now a rich industrialist on his deathbed . He 's requesting Logan 's presence to thank him and settle the karmic debt that he believes he owes him . Of course , that 's not all he wants . Logan heads to Japan to pay his respects and discovers not only that the aging Yashida  Haruhiko Yamanouchi  wants to steal the secret to Logan 's immortality , but also that he has a granddaughter , Mariko  Tao Okamoto  , who 's about to inherit his fortune and is in need of Logan 's unique brand of badass protection . Why Logan complies is never really explained . Regardless , Logan and Mariko are on the run from a lethal posse of tattooed Yakuza and some other samurai-style baddies straight out of the Kill Bill playbook , including Yashida 's femme fatale blonde nurse  Svetlana Khodchenkova  who possesses certain viper-y gifts of her own . As Logan and his charge hit the road , sparks fly , ninjas attack , and Wolverine begins to experience something he never has before â $ " the actual fear of death . He 's been sapped of his eternal life force and now , when he gets into one of his signature slice-and-dice brawls , the wounds he suffers no longer cauterize and heal . He 's both physically and emotionally vulnerable . In other words , human . All of this makes for a Wolverine tale that 's more loaded with psychological questions  his immortality is seen as a curse  and makes the haunted character more interesting . Still , that 's no excuse for the film 's gauzy dream sequences with Famke Janssen 's Jean Grey and its overall bloat , which leads up to a preposterous  and endless  final half hour . Over the past decade , the Marvel brand has become a virtual guarantee of box-office bang . But someone over at the company 's Quality Control Department really needs to look into tightening up these films . They just do n't know when to end . That said , it 's worth pointing out two things that The Wolverine gets right  aside from Jackman 's always excellent , strong-and-silent-type performance as Logan  . The first is an action sequence that occurs mid-way in the film , when Wolverine is being pursued on top of a bullet train . By now , we 've all seen so many beat-downs atop locomotives that they 've become numbingly similar . But the one in The Wolverine is so frantic and adrenalized  not to mention the only part of the film that takes advantage of 3-D  that the familiar becomes new again . The film also sticks the landing on a brief teaser scene after the end credits that hints at future developments in the X-Men universe . I wo n't spoil the pleasure of what happens . But you have to hand it to Marvel for managing to leave audiences breathless in anticipation of a sequel after making them sit through two-plus hours of merely satisfactory storytelling . Grade : B - See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Hugh Jackman is back as Wolverine The film is based on Chris Claremont and Frank Miller 's 1982 comic-book arc Logan/Wolverine heads to Japan in the new movie
CNN  Two Japanese hostages , one demand from ISIS : Hand over $ 200 million , or else . The else being that the pair will meet the same gruesome fate as other captives held by the terrorist group , others who were shown in ISIS videos kneeling in orange jumpsuits in front of masked , black-clad men -- just like the Japanese hostages identified as Kenji Goto Jogo and Haruna Yukawa -- shortly before being beheaded . In the latest video , a masked man gives the Japanese government a choice to pay $ 200 million -- the same amount of money Prime Minister Shinzo Abe recently pledged for those "  contending " with ISIS -- to free the Japanese men . That deal holds for 72 hours , which would seem to mean sometime Friday , since the video appeared on social media Tuesday . Another move that theoretically could change things would be if Japan 's government halts its alliance with those fighting ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Tokyo has n't participated in airstrikes aimed at the Islamist extremist group , though its leaders have supported those who have , as well as the Iraqi government . "  Although you are more than 8,500 kilometers away from the Islamic State , you willingly volunteered to take part in this crusade , " the masked man on the video posted Tuesday says , addressing his comments to Abe . But Abe , who is visiting the Middle East , did n't seem about to bargain Tuesday . He stood by a pledge , made in a speech at the weekend in Cairo , for funding to help build "  human capacities , infrastructure and so on " for those affected by ISIS ' armed campaign . "  The pledge aid is very important to the refugees in need and has nothing to do with the Islamic communities or the radical militants , " the Prime Minister said . " ... We will contribute to the  region 's  peace and stability , in cooperation with the global community . " As to the ISIS threat against two of his nation 's citizens , Abe called it "  unacceptable . " "  I feel angry about it , " he said . "  I strongly urge them to immediately release the hostages without harming them . " ISIS has asked for ransoms before , and apparently has been paid them . But rarely are such demands made publicly . Even rarer -- unprecedented , in fact -- is when the militant group puts its captives on video and threatens them , then lets them go . Instead , ISIS has made a public show out of its threatening and killings of Western hostages , starting with August 's beheading of U.S. journalist James Foley . Others ' killings were similarly recorded and posted online , including American journalist Steven Sotloff , British aid worker David Haines , British taxi driver Alan Henning and U.S. aid worker Peter Kassig . While not participating in ground combat , both the United States and Great Britain have taken an active role in the anti-ISIS fight with airstrikes and training , arming and otherwise supporting groups -- such as Iraq 's military , Kurdish fighters and moderate Syrian opposition -- taking on the militants face-to-face . That 's not the case for Japan , whose post-World War II constitution allows it to use its military only for self-defense . But Tokyo is a strong ally with Western powers , such as the United States , that have been singled out by ISIS . In his remarks Tuesday in Jerusalem , Abe -- who dealt with another hostage crisis involving Islamic militants in January 2013 , when 10 Japanese citizens were caught up in the terrorist seizure of a natural gas facility in Algeria -- said he had ordered Japanese officials to do the utmost to try to save the two men . At the same time , the Prime Minister added , "  Terrorists should not be forgiven , for any reason . I criticize  the taking of hostages  emphatically . " The aim is to safely bring home two men who were in the same war-torn region for very different reasons . Like Foley and Sotloff , Goto went there to help tell the story of what was happening in Iraq and Syria . In recent months , ISIS militants have managed to take over vast swaths of both countries , ruthlessly going after many in their way who do n't share their extremist interpretation of Islam . The ISIS video refers to him as "  Kenji Goto Jogo , " but on his Twitter handle -- and a photograph accredited to him -- he 's just called Kenji Goto . The freelance journalist reported for various Japanese news organizations about the situation in the northern Syrian battleground city of Kobani , which for weeks has been under siege by ISIS , and other areas . While it 's not known when he was taken captive , Goto 's last Twitter post was on October 23 . The man purportedly shown along with him , Yukawa , is believed to have been captured in Syria in August while traveling with rebel fighters , according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo . The 42-year-old claimed to have set up a company in Tokyo providing armed security services and posted videos online of his activities in Iraq and Syria . But a report by the news agency Reuters in August portrayed him as a lost soul , who went to the Middle East searching for a purpose after losing his wife , his business and his home over the previous decade . Kyodo reported previously that Japanese officials in Jordan had being trying to secure his release , including talking to various groups with possible connections to his captors . Abe spoke firmly Tuesday against the terrorists and their $ 200 million ransom demand . What he did not do , however , is rule out the Japanese government paying ransom or negotiating with its two citizens ' captors . Like most countries , Japan has never advertised that it or Japanese companies have paid ransom for hostages . In fact , Japanese government officials have at times denied such a practice , and Japan is a signatory to a 2013 G8 communique that stated , "  We unequivocally reject the payment of ransoms to terrorists , and we call on countries and companies around the world to follow our lead to stamp this out . " One reason for this policy is that ISIS and groups like it can use ransoms to fund their bloody campaigns . Paying ransoms also may give them incentive to take more hostages , thus putting more people at risk . And ransoms might not always work , since ISIS and other hostage takers are n't usually seen as trustworthy . Still , ruling out ransoms also rules out one peaceful way to free Goto and Yukawa . It 's possible someone else may intervene to negotiate their release , whether out of goodwill or in exchange for something else . Or troops from a Japanese ally could launch a raid to get to them , like the unsuccessful one this summer to free Foley . Either way , others could play a role in this story before it 's done -- hence Abe 's comment Tuesday that the international community "  needs to deal with terrorists without giving in to them . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Junko Ogura , Yoko Wakatsuki and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	A video shows a masked man standing over two kneeling men in orange jumpsuits He links the threat against the men to Japan 's support for the coalition against ISIS Japan 's Prime Minister says he 's angry about the "  unacceptable " hostage situation
Former FBI Director Louis Freeh was seriously injured and hospitalized after a single-vehicle accident in Vermont , state police said . Vermont State Police said Tuesday that Freeh was still hospitalized and being treated for his injuries . There was no update on his condition . Police also said that neither alcohol nor drugs were a factor in Monday 's accident . Freeh , 64 , was wearing his seat belt when the GMC Yukon he was driving went off the road near Barnard , struck a mailbox and ran over some bushes , police said . Police found his SUV next to a tree . He was taken by helicopter to Dartmouth Hitchcock Medical Center in Lebanon , New Hampshire . The hospital would not release information on Freeh 's condition . No one else was injured in the wreck , which was reported just after noon , the state police said . Freeh was director of the FBI from September 1993 to June 2001 . "  The thoughts and prayers of the entire FBI remain with former Director Freeh and his family tonight , " FBI Director James Comey said Monday .	Police say they do n't believe alcohol or drugs were a factor in the crash The former FBI director was seriously injured , Vermont State police say His SUV was found next to a tree after a single-vehicle accident He was flown to a hospital in New Hamsphire
CNN  -- When Chuck Pagano showed up for work Monday , he drove by a giant inflatable Indianapolis Colts player at the team 's entrance . The player had a sign on his chest saying "  Welcome Back Chuck . " It was a moment to celebrate . Pagano , the Colts head coach , missed nearly three months battling leukemia . He was cleared to return to work last week . Monday was his first day back at the Colts team facility . "  It 's really great to be back , " Pagano said Monday at a press conference . "  Like a kid in a candy store , get to come and be around the guys again , be doing what I love to do , what I 've done my whole life . " Pagano has n't been on the sideline since September 23 against the Jacksonville Jaguars . This week , if all goes as planned , Pagano will return to the Colts sideline for the team 's final regular season game , a home game against the Houston Texans . Players , coaches , and staff welcome Pagano 's return , including Colts owner Jim Irsay . "  I 'm very confident that he is ready , that it is the right decision , the right time for him to grab the reigns and put the head coaching cap back on and take over , " Irsay said . Offensive coordinator Bruce Arians stepped in as interim coach while Pagano went through treatment . Arians led the Colts -- the NFL 's worst team last season -- on an improbable run , winning nine of their next 12 games . On Sunday , the Colts defeated the Kansas City Chiefs 20-13 to improve to 10-5 , clinching a playoff berth . "  What a masterful , masterful job you did , Bruce , " Pagano said . "  You carried the torch , and all you went out and did was win nine ballgames , and got us our 10th win yesterday , and you got us into the playoffs . You did it with dignity and you did it with class , and you 're everything that I always knew you were -- and more . " Pagano also thanked his family , particularly his wife , Tina , for their support through his treatment . He said that Tina never left his side at the IU Simon Cancer Center , where he spent 25 days . "  She 's a soldier , a warrior , my soul mate , " Pagano said . Although Pagano could not be at the team facility and at games while going through chemotherapy , the team and staff showed their support for him . The Colts began a campaign dubbed "  CHUCKSTRONG . " The purpose was to raise funds for leukemia research while also giving Pagano and his family support and well wishes . About 30 Colts players and coaches , including star rookie quarterback Andrew Luck , shaved their heads while Pagano underwent treatment . On November 25 in a game against the Buffalo Bills , two Colts cheerleaders had their heads shaved in response to the Colts organization raising money for cancer research . On Monday , Pagano said it was a "  privilege " and a "  blessing " to be back . "  I 'll go about my business as a football coach and those type of things in the same manner , " Pagano said . "  But what I asked the guys to do was to every day they walk in this door , the same way our coaches do , and the same way I 'm going to do , is I 'm going to work as hard as I can and take advantage of this great opportunity that was given to all of us and live every day to its fullest . "	Chuck Pagano was out for nearly three months battling leukemia 30 Colts players , coaches , and 2 cheerleaders , shaved heads to support the coach Monday was his first day back at the team 's facility "  I 'm very confident that he is ready , that it is the right decision , " says Colts owner
MANCHESTER , New Hampshire  CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and John McCain received much-needed boosts from New Hampshire Tuesday . Clinton , coming off a disappointing third-place finish in Iowa , rebounded to overcome rival Sen. Barack Obama in the state 's Democratic primary . Supporters at her headquarters chanted "  comeback kid " as the results came in . Clinton trailed Obama by 9 points in recent polls . On the Republican side , McCain easily won his party 's primary . The results mark a resurgence for the Arizona senator , whose campaign was all but written off this summer . What do the results mean ? " Clinton and McCain embraced their comeback positions in addressing supporters Tuesday night . "  Over the last week , I listened to you , and in the process I found my own voice , " Clinton said to a crowd of young supporters . Watch Clinton thank New Hampshire " "  Now together , let 's give America the kind of comeback that New Hampshire has just given me . " McCain , a 71-year-old , four-term senator , was met by a crowd shouting , "  Mac is back . " Watch McCain celebrate his win " "  I 'm past the age when I can claim the noun ` kid , ' no matter what adjective precedes it , but we sure showed them what a comeback looks like , " he said . McCain pinned his win on "  one strategy " -- telling the people of New Hampshire what he believes . Watch a slideshow of the candidates ' speeches " "  When the pundits declared us finished , I told them , ` I 'm going to New Hampshire , where the voters do n't let you make their decisions for them , ' " he said . " ` I 'm going to New Hampshire , and I 'm going to tell people the truth . ' " Female voters and older voters helped hand Clinton the Democratic win , according to exit polls . In Iowa , Clinton lost out to Obama among women 35 percent to 30 percent . In New Hampshire , however , 45 percent of female Democratic primary voters picked Clinton , compared to 36 percent who went for Obama . Older voters also overwhelmingly outnumbered younger voters , a proportion that benefited Clinton . Sixty-seven percent of Democratic primary voters were over the age of 40 , and they were breaking heavily for Clinton over Obama . McCain overcame former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney to seal the win in New Hampshire with 37 percent of the vote . Romney had led most polls in Iowa and New Hampshire before the votes there and held a 12-point lead in New Hampshire shortly before Christmas . He finished second , as he did in Iowa , five points behind McCain . Romney won Saturday 's Wyoming caucus . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee -- winner of the Iowa caucuses -- finished third with 11 percent . Voters who supported McCain and those who supported Romney differed significantly on what issues they feel are most important , exit polling showed . Forty-six percent of those who supported McCain ranked the war in Iraq the most important . Meanwhile , voters who supported Romney overwhelmingly felt immigration was the most important issue . McCain has been a staunch supporter of the war in Iraq , but co-sponsored failed immigration reform legislation that drew the ire of many conservatives in his party . Romney has been taking a tough stance on immigration . McCain bested Huckabee , a one-time Baptist minister , among New Hampshire voters who said a candidate 's religious beliefs matter a great deal , according to CNN exit polls . While Huckabee won overwhelmingly among those voters in Iowa , in New Hampshire , 35 percent went to McCain while 31 percent went to Huckabee . The religious voters made up 14 percent of all Republican primary voters in New Hampshire -- much less than in Iowa . Huckabee and Romney called McCain to congratulate him Tuesday night . "  I 'll fight to be back in this state and others , " Romney told supporters . Watch Romney congratulate McCain " Huckabee , who earlier said a third-place finish would be "  huge " for him , also promised to return to New Hampshire . "  After we secure the nomination , we 've got to come back here and make sure we carry New Hampshire . " Obama , the junior senator from Illinois , congratulated Clinton and praised "  all the candidates in this race " as "  patriots who serve this country honorably . " But Obama assailed critics who he said doubted his campaign and said the record numbers of voters in Iowa and New Hampshire showed "  there is something happening in America . " "  For most of this campaign , we were far behind , " he said . "  We always knew our climb would be steep . But in record numbers , you came out and you spoke up for change . " Former Sen. John Edwards of North Carolina painted himself as the candidate of the voiceless after tracking a distant third in the Democratic primary . Noting that there are "  two states down , 48 states to go " in primary and caucus voting , the 2004 vice presidential nominee said that only about 1 percent of Americans had voted so far and that the other "  99 percent deserve to be heard . " Watch Edwards describe where he goes next " With 95 percent of precincts counted , Clinton had 39 percent of the vote to Iowa caucus winner Obama 's 37 percent . Edwards had 17 percent . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson had 5 percent , and Ohio Rep. Dennis Kucinich had 1 percent . With 95 percent of Republican precincts reporting , former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani had 9 percent and Texas Rep. Ron Paul had 8 percent . Former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson received 1 percent of the vote . Watch Paul say he will continue to fight " New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch predicted a record turnout for the first-in-the-nation presidential primary . He said he expected half a million people to vote . The Democratic race now will focus on upcoming contests in Nevada and South Carolina , and could easily stretch past "  Super Tuesday " on February 5 . The next GOP contest with delegates at stake is on January 15 in Michigan , where Romney 's father was governor in the 1960s . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bill Schneider , Paul Steinhauser and Anastasia Diakides contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton takes New Hampshire , despite recent polls putting Obama ahead NEW : McCain met by crowd shouting , "  Mac is back " Women , older voters give Clinton boost , exit polls show McCain edges Huckabee among religious voters
As families prepare for air travel this coming Memorial Day weekend , United Airlines wo n't be offering early boarding to families in coach with small children . Joining a handful of other carriers , United made the policy shift in late April with little fanfare . Previously , families with small children flying coach were allowed on aircraft before general boarding , a convenience for moms and dads trying to herd their kids across the friendly skies . "  We figured it would be better to simplify that process and reduce the number of boarding groups , " said United spokesman Charles Hobart . The airline does allow passengers with children traveling in first class or business class to board early . "  I have to wonder if it will end up slowing things down because of the extra time it takes for families to board , " said Brett Snyder of the blog crankyflier.com . Kate Hanni of flyersrights.org calls the move "  very anti-family . " "  There are very few things a parent can count on when it comes to air travel these days , but one of those things was always the ability to board first to get your children settled in and all of their needs met before the throngs of people board the plane , " said Hanni in an e-mail to CNN . "  I hope United changes their mind . " "  If families do need additional assistance , our gate agent will work to accommodate them , " Hobart said . "  That message has been communicated . " "  We 're not going to fly United knowing that we 're going to have to put up with that extra hassle , " wrote Steven Manson , a Brooklyn , New York , father of twin 4-year-old boys . "  Frankly , we always look forward to the preboarding when we fly and try and position ourselves near the gate when boarding begins . It 's just so helpful getting the car seat attached and everyone settled before the plane is crowded with passengers , " Manson said in an e-mail to CNN . A guerrilla approach to flying with kids The policy change also has roots in the merger announced in 2010 between United and Continental . "  We transitioned to a common boarding process across all aircraft , " Hobart said . As a policy , American Airlines also does not specifically allow families with children to get on aircraft before general boarding . However , the airline said it makes an announcement to all ticketed passengers before general boarding asking anyone who needs extra time or assistance to come forward . "  It would not be realistic to preboard that many families just on that sole basis alone , " wrote an American Airlines spokeswoman in an e-mail to CNN . "  It could easily translate into most of the passengers for the flight . " JetBlue offers families traveling coach with children under age 2 to board early , the airline said . Delta Air Lines said it also offers passengers with children an opportunity to preboard , including those with first class and business class tickets . So does Virgin America , which said it allows children under 5 to board early . US Airways tweaked its child preboarding rules within the past year -- allowing families with kids to get on the plane after the call for Zone 2 , but before the general boarding announcement . Previously the airline had allowed earlier boarding . "  We 're always looking for ways to make the boarding process a little more efficient and quicker for our passengers , " said spokeswoman Liz Landau . Have you had a good or bad experience trying to preboard a flight ? Please share your experiences in the comments section below .	United no longer lets coach fliers with small kids board before general boarding Airline spokesman : "  We figured it would be better to simplify that process " A passenger advocate says the move is "  anti-family " United : We 'll work to accommodate families who need additional help
The political strategist spearheading the Senate Republicans ' campaign effort declared Thursday , perhaps not surprisingly , his party will take control of the Senate in November , after close to a decade in the minority . "  We are going to win the Senate , I feel very good about that , " NRSC executive director Rob Collins said . "  These races have been tough . They have been a grind . But we are seeing movement in the right direction and I feel really good about where we are and think we 're going to take the Senate and we 're going to take it on election night , " Collins said , predicting the GOP will win the 6 seats it needs to control the Senate , even if races in Louisiana and Georgia are close enough to require run-offs in the weeks ahead . Democratic campaign operatives in Washington also have expressed confidence in recent days they will hold the Senate . Public polls show a number of races shifting -- for and against each party -- as voters become more focused on the candidates , something that is likely to continue for the final three weeks of the campaign . No matter who wins , Republicans should pick up seats and the Senate likely will be narrowly divided . Collins said the credit for the party 's expected success belongs to a disciplined crop of GOP challengers and good stewardship from political handlers in Washington who provided special debate and speech training for their candidates . That training allowed campaigns to avoid the types of gaffes and missteps that derailed several GOP candidates in 2012 . "  Joni Ernst raised $ 6 million because she 's a good candidate , " Collins said about the Republican Iowa candidate who is neck in neck in a race Democrats did n't originally expect to be close . "  That training , we believe , helps make her that much better a candidate . And when our candidates do n't have problems , they do n't say things that reflect poorly on our party or their campaign , it just helps in every category . " Speaking to reporters in the "  Majority Room " of NRSC headquarters on Capitol Hill , Collins ticked through the most competitive races of the term , saying in each case the GOP candidate was poised to win . He did acknowledge the Georgia Senate race has "  tightened up " as Republican David Perdue battles a well-funded campaign from Michelle Nunn , the daughter of a respected former senator . Perdue has faced criticism for his comments about outsourcing jobs as a businessman . The NRSC recently pumped $ 1.4 million into the race , in part , to help Perdue get better known in some parts of the state . Foreign policy , terrorism , Ebola , and ISIS are high on voters ' minds , Collins said . Those "  constant crises " -- coupled with President Obama 's high unfavorable ratings -- have created openings for Republicans . On Ebola , Collins praised his candidate 's deft handling of a politically sensitive subject . "  I think our candidates have been thoughtful and they have been cautious to strike a correct tone of concerns of this administration 's handling of it without being outside the lines or going beyond the fact , " he said . Asked what would happen if Democrats defied his predication and retained control of the Senate , Collins quipped , "  I 'll be in an unmarked grave in Kentucky , " which , of course , is home to Sen. Mitch McConnell , the man who would become Majority Leader of the Senate if the GOP wins .	NRSC director feels "  very good " about GOP Senate victory in November . He attributes potential GOP success to strong candidates like Joni Ernst in Iowa . He said Obama 's low approval ratings also aid Republicans .
London  CNN  -- British police said Sunday they would examine evidence suggesting that celebrity chef Nigella Lawson took cocaine . The news came days after Lawson 's two former personal assistants were cleared of fraud in a trial that saw the chef admit to occasionally using drugs including cocaine . In a statement on Sunday the Metropolitan Police said a specialist team would examine "  all the evidence emerging as part of a review into this matter and in conjunction with the Crown Prosecution Service , will determine an appropriate way forward . " However , police added that there was "  no imminent prospect " of a prosecution being mounted against Lawson . "  The Senior Investigating Officer received legal advice that the witness 's admissions did not by themselves provide sufficient evidence to bring charges . " On Friday Lawson spoke out angrily against what she said were false claims of habitual drug use made against her in the trial of sisters Elisabetta and Francesca Grillo . Francesca Grillo had been accused of defrauding Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi of $ 950,000  Â # 580,000  , and Elisabetta Grillo of defrauding them of $ 172,000  Â # 105,000  . Both denied the charges . The case gripped UK media , thanks to revelations of drug use by Lawson and insights into her troubled marriage to Saatchi , a millionaire art collector . The couple divorced this year . At the trial , both sisters claimed to have seen signs of repeated cocaine and cannabis use by Lawson . However , both testified that they had never seen her take drugs . Saatchi likewise said he had never seen his ex-wife use drugs . Elisabetta Grillo told the court that Lawson had smoked cannabis with her two children from her marriage to her first husband , the late John Diamond . In her own testimony , Lawson confirmed she had taken cocaine half a dozen times , during two periods of her life , and used cannabis in the past . But she denied being a habitual user . Lawson , who was a prosecution witness , said she was "  disappointed but unsurprised " by the verdict . She slammed what she said was a sustained campaign to ruin her reputation . "  Over the three week trial the jury was faced with a ridiculous sideshow of false allegations about drug use which made focus on the actual criminal trial impossible , " Lawson said in a prepared statement . "  My experience as a witness was deeply disturbing . When false claims about habitual drug use were introduced I did everything possible to ensure the  Crown Prosecution Service  was aware of the sustained background campaign deliberately designed to destroy my reputation . "	UK police to examine evidence that celebrity chef Nigella Lawson took cocaine News came days after Lawson 's two former assistants were cleared of fraud Both assistants claimed to have seen signs of repeated drug use by Lawson Lawson admits having occasionally used drugs including cocaine
CNN  -- Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo has been ruled out of Portugal 's crucial final World Cup qualifier against Malta on Wednesday with an ankle injury and could be sidelined for up to a month . Cristiano Ronaldo holds his ankle before going off in Portugal 's win over Hungary . Ronaldo played with the injury in Portugal 's 3-0 home victory over Hungary on Saturday but lasted just 27 minutes before limping off . Portugal , who have made a late charge in World Cup qualifying after looking set to make an ignominious exit , need to beat Malta in the home game to be sure of a place in the European playoffs . The Portugal federation said they had allowed Ronaldo to leave the squad , while Spanish giants Real confirmed the bad news in a statement on Sunday . "  After a clinical examination and an MRI scan , it is confirmed the player has suffered a recurrence of his injury to his right ankle , a medial collateral sprain with inflammation in the bone , " the club said . "  The estimated recovery time is three to four weeks . " Denmark have an unassailable lead in Group One after beating Scandinavian rivals Sweden 1-0 on Saturday . The results almost certainly means the departure of Swedish coach Lars Lagerback , who said on Sunday that he will resign if his team fail to qualify for the World Cup finals in South Africa . Roland Andersson , Lagerback 's assistant , has also signaled he will go if results go against them on Wednesday . "  Roland and I will resign depending on the result , either after the World Cup in South Africa , after the playoffs or after the  last  qualifier against Albania , " Lagerback said . The Swedes are now third in the group , a point behind Portugal , and face Albania in their final match . They must hope that Portugal , missing Ronaldo , slip up against Malta , while beating Albania . Meanwhile , Ronaldo 's former Manchester United teammate Wayne Rooney has been ruled out of England 's final World Cup qualifier against Belarus with a calf strain . Rooney picked up the injury in England 's 1-0 defeat in the Ukraine . England have already qualified for the finals .	Cristiano Ronaldo to miss Portugal 's final World Cup qualifying match Real Madrid say Ronaldo could be sidelined for a month with ankle injury Swedish coach Lars Lagerback stakes future on World Cup qualification Wayne Rooney ruled out of England 's final qualifier against Belarus
Beijing  CNN  -- Sixteen people have been killed in violence in China 's volatile western region of Xinjiang , state media reported Monday . Two police officers chasing suspects came under attack late Sunday from people with machetes and explosive devices in Shufu county , near the city of Kashgar , said Tianshan , a news website run by the Xinjiang government . In the clash that ensued , two police officers died and 14 "  gang members " were shot and killed , Tianshan reported . Deadly unrest frequently breaks out in Xinjiang , a large , resource-rich region that is home to the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . The arrival of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs . Chinese authorities have cracked down heavily on violence involving Uyghurs , deepening resentment . The details of violent clashes in Xinjiang often remain murky . Uyghur diaspora groups , like the World Uyghur Congress , have criticized the Chinese government for the lack of transparency over such events . Police have detained six suspects , Tianshan reported in an update late Monday . It described the violence as "  an organized and premeditated terrorist attack " carried out by a gang of 20 people , led by a person it named as Hesen Ismail , a Uyghur-sounding name . The group "  advocated extremist religious thoughts , produced explosive devices and guns , and tested explosives several times in a bid to plot terrorist attacks , " the report said . But the World Uyghur Congress disputed the government 's account . It cited unidentified "  sources on the ground " who told it that the 14 people shot and killed were Uyghur "  demonstrators . " Two of them were teenagers who were killed by "  indiscriminate shooting by the security forces , " the organization alleged . Luo Fuyong , a spokesman for the Xinjiang government , contested the World Uyghur Congress 's version of events . He said that no teenagers were killed in the violence and that those involved were n't demonstrators , noting that the clash took place at 11 p.m. . He said he believed that all 14 people who were killed by police were Uyghurs . CNN was n't able to independently verify the different claims about what happened . Chinese authorities have blamed Uyghurs for a vehicle attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October that killed five people -- including the three in the vehicle -- and wounded 40 others . Xinjiang 's worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting in the capital , Urumqi , between Uyghurs and Han Chinese killed some 200 people and injured 1,700 . That unrest was followed by a crackdown by security forces . Several deadly clashes have been reported this year . Xinjiang is now home to more than 8 million Han Chinese , up from 220,000 in 1949 , and 10 million Uyghurs . The newcomers take most of the new jobs , and unemployment among Uyghurs is high . They complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces , despite official promises of equal rights and ethnic harmony . Beijing accuses some Uyghur groups of trying to establish an independent state . In November : Militant group says Tiananmen attack in China was ` jihadi operation '	NEW : A Uyghur diaspora group says the people involved were "  demonstrators " NEW : Chinese authorities disagree , saying those involved were a "  terrorist " gang Two police officers and 14 other people were killed in a clash on Sunday The violence took place in Xinjiang , a resource-rich Chinese region beset by unrest
The arrest of a man who allegedly obtained an image of a senator 's bedridden wife has shaken up an already intense Republican primary battle in Mississippi . Political blogger Clayton Kelly was arrested Thursday , accused of exploiting a vulnerable adult and illegally and improperly obtaining a photo of her without her consent for his own benefit , according to the Madison Police Department . Donald Clark , an attorney for Sen. Thad Cochran , R-Mississippi , and his wife , Rose , told The Clarion-Ledger newspaper that the woman in question is Rose , saying the Cochrans ' "  privacy and dignity have been violated . " Rose Cochran suffers from dementia and has lived at St. Catherine 's Village , the nursing home where Thursday 's incident took place , for 14 years , according to the newspaper . "  I have been fortunate to have a wonderful family , and like so many families , we are deeply affected by my wife 's serious , long-term illness , that we consider to be a very private family matter . We will continue doing everything we can to protect my wife 's safety and security , " said Cochran in a statement obtained by The Clarion-Ledger . Police say Kelly broke into the facility and took the picture by Rose Cochran 's bedside . The photo surfaced in a political attack ad on YouTube that aimed to smear Cochran , according to The Clarion-Ledger . It is unclear how the photo was used because the ad was removed within hours of being posted , according to the newspaper . Kelly , a 28-year-old Madison , Mississippi , resident , has a host of social platforms that cover politics and often attacks the senior senator . The video , like the majority of Kelly 's material , supported Cochran 's opponent in the Republican primary -- and that 's where things get politically complicated . Chris McDaniel is a lawyer , radio commentator and Mississippi state senator . With tea party support and endorsements from Club for Growth and Sarah Palin , he is challenging Cochran , and the race has been heated , with plenty of name-calling . When the incident first came to light , McDaniel 's campaign distanced the candidate from Kelly , saying he was neither a volunteer nor a member of the campaign . "  I 've reached out to Sen. Cochran directly to express my abhorrence for the reprehensible actions of this individual . This criminal act is deeply offensive , and my team and I categorically reject such appalling behavior . My thoughts and prayers are with Sen. Cochran and his family , " McDaniel said in a statement . "  Politics is about the exchange of ideas and this type of action has no place in politics whatsoever and will not be tolerated . " Questions started to arise , however , when members of Cochran 's staff suggested that a McDaniel staffer apologized to a Cochran staffer before the police report was even released , according to The Clarion-Ledger . The implication from Cochran 's staff was clear : McDaniel 's team must have some connection with Kelly if they knew about his arrest before the news broke . McDaniel 's team was quick to fire back . "  The McDaniel campaign found out about the break-in when a local political blog posted about it at 11:40 p.m. last night . Sen. McDaniel has denounced the break-in and called Sen. Cochran to extend his condolences . It is unconscionable for the Cochran campaign and the liberal media to use the act of a sick individual to lob despicable accusations , " said Noel Fritsch , a campaign spokesman . In a follow up email Sunday , Fritsch went further , pointing out that The Clarion-Ledger has updated its story multiple times and clarifying the time line of what the campaign knew when . McDaniel campaign manager and Mississippi state Sen. Melanie Sojourner saw the post at around 1 a.m. Saturday and "  was alarmed that it was likely Ms. Cochran who had been photographed based on the preponderance of evidence , including the name of the rest home and the comments on the blog , " said Fritsch . She notified McDaniel briefly at around 7:30 a.m. , reached out to Cochran 's campaign manager to condemn the alleged crime shortly afterward and briefed the candidate in full at around 10:30 a.m. , according to Fritsch . At 10:49 a.m. , the campaign released its statement . So far , there has been no tangible evidence that links the campaign directly to Kelly . Kelly is being held at Madison County Detention Center , with bond set at $ 100,000 .	Blogger who allegedly obtained an image of a senator 's bedridden wife is arrested Attorney tells newspaper the woman is Rose Cochran , wife of U.S. Sen. Thad Cochran Cochran staffers imply Chris McDaniel staff knew of arrest before police report was released Spokesman for McDaniel , who 's opposing Cochran in primary , calls accusations "  despicable "
CNN  If the wheel was man 's greatest invention , putting two wheels together comes as a close second for Dani Foffa , CEO of Foffa Bikes . His eponymous company builds bespoke urban bicycles with a stylish design that has been lauded by magazines like Vogue and GQ . London-based Foffa tracks his passion for cycling back to his childhood in Venice , Italy , where biking in the city 's winding narrow streets was a rare treat . He spent his early professional career as a business analyst , before a nagging feeling that there was more to life encouraged him to start designing and building bikes , initially from his office garage . "  I started refurbishing vintage bikes up and reselling them online . And the demand just grew very gradually , steadily , to the point that it was time for us to get our own brand in the bikes , and open up our first shop . I took my chances , I quit my job , and clearly I have no regrets , " says Foffa . His company has built over 5,000 bespoke bikes since 2007 , and they were named as one of the ten best commuter bikes by The Independent , a UK newspaper . Foffa says that he was encouraged to start the company when he saw a gap in the market for comfortable bicycles designed for cycling in the city , which also looked good . "  In the same way that we decide what to wear , we think that the bicycle should be an extension of your personality , " says Foffa . He adds that he always relished the sense of liberty that biking afforded him , and wants to introduce the simple pleasure of a bike ride to as many people as possible . "  Bikes are great for the environment , great for the health , they are the quickest and probably the cheapest way of commuting around town . And they link with that sense of adventure , that freedom that comes with it , which no other invention , as far as I 'm concerned , was able to offer me . "	Dani Foffa was a business analyst before starting a bike company His Foffa Bikes design and manufacture urban bicycles They have been named as one of the ten best commuter bikes by The Independent , a UK newspaper
CNN  -- Users of social-networking sites such as Facebook risk losing control of their personal information because they are not fully aware of the implications for their privacy , a freedom of information expert warned Wednesday . Facebook was forced to revert to its old user-ownership policy following a backlash from users . Data-protection specialist Mark Gleeson told CNN that social networking users should be very careful about what information they post on the Web . He said users should make sure they understand who could access their profiles , and how that information could be used . They also should familiarize themselves with sites ' privacy options , he said . "  It is very important to take steps yourself to understand what is going on with your personal information , " Gleeson said . "  Once it 's out there it 's very difficult to get it back . You can lose control over it . " Facebook , currently the world 's most popular social-networking site , was forced to back down Wednesday after many members revolted against a change to its user information policy , which would have granted the site permanent rights to all photos and postings even after a user had closed down an account . But Gleeson , of UK law firm Addleshaw Goddard , said the case raises other issues of privacy concerning social networking , such as the security of personal data and whether information could end up in the hands of marketing companies . He also said that employers have been known to visit such sites to check personal details about prospective workers . Young people , for whom communicating with friends via social-networking sites is often second nature , should be particularly careful about what they post online , Gleeson said . "  They do n't have the level of suspicion that other people have about the Internet because they just see it as a way to communicate and understanding the implications wo n't be in the forefront of their minds , " he said . Gleeson said the Facebook backlash may have blown up out of a misunderstanding over the site 's attempt to clarify content ownership . But he said the way the company went about the change provoked alarm among some users of the site . "  It comes down to how you deliver the message , " Gleeson said . "  If you change your terms and conditions and remove a section and leave it at that without bringing it properly to people 's attention you 're going to get suspicion . " iReport.com : Your thoughts on Facebook 's about-face Data-protection laws differ from country to country . But Gleeson said Web sites generally face a balancing act between meeting their legal requirements to explain their policy towards personal information -- often in the form of dense terms and conditions pages written in "  legalese " -- and providing the same information in a way accessible to users . "  One of the requirements of data protection is that personal information is processed fairly and lawfully . Fairness is all about telling people what you are going to do with their information and being clear and transparent , " Gleeson said . "  The difficulty is that in many cases you 've got a tension between insuring that you tell people what you need legally to tell them against making that clear and understandable . " iReport.com : Too much information posted online ? But Gleeson said it was in sites ' interests to treat their users fairly . He said the Facebook case demonstrates that social-networking services need to keep their users on their side -- or risk losing them to rivals . "  It 's always in the interests of reputable sites to treat information fairly and treat their users fairly because the last thing you want to be seen to do is alienate people , " he said . "  When people feel that they ca n't trust a site then they will go elsewhere . "	Expert : Social-networking site users risk losing control of personal information Facebook backed down from changing content ownership policy after user revolt Sites have to balance legal requirements , making policies on data use clear Young people in particular should be careful about what they post online
PHUKET , Thailand  CNN  -- Relatives of the 89 people killed in Sunday 's plane crash in Phuket continued to arrive in the Thai resort town on Tuesday to try to identify their loved ones ' remains . A Buddhist monk blesses the wreckage of One-Two-Go airline 's MD-82 jet at Phuket airport on Tuesday . Most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to Thailand 's state-run Thai News Agency  TNA  . All of the unidentified victims were foreign nationals , it reported . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said that five Americans were among those killed when the One-Two-Go jet crashed in bad weather as it landed at Phuket 's airport on Sunday . U.S. officials had previously confirmed that four Americans died in the crash , and one survived . Eight British nationals are believed to have died , according to Foreign Secretary David Miliband . He said three were still in hospital , with one in a critical condition . Thailand 's Public Health Minister Mongkol Na Songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized , 38 were in stable condition and three in critical condition , according to TNA . Flight 269 was carrying 123 passengers and seven crew members when it left Bangkok for Phuket on Sunday afternoon . Nationalities of the survivors include British , American , Swedish , Iranian , Austrian , Australian , Thai , German , Irish , Italian , Israeli and Dutch , authorities said . Watch a survivor recall the fiery horror " One man who arrived in Phuket on Tuesday from Paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with Thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother . For some families , DNA testing may be the only way to positively identify their relatives . Meanwhile , Buddhist , Christian and Muslim leaders gathered outside Phuket 's airport on Tuesday to remember those killed . The investigation into what caused the crash continues , but the strong winds and rain are a suspected factor . U.S. officials are aiding in the investigation because the aircraft -- a Boeing MD-82 -- was manufactured in the United States . One air traffic controller at Phuket airport said pilots were warned of possible wind shear , which is dramatic changes in wind speed and direction . Airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour  11 miles an hour  with stronger gusts , but no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions . The decision to land was the pilot 's alone , according to Phuket 's airport manager . "  Air traffic control would give weather information to pilot and warning information but the final decision is dependent on the pilot , " Pornchai Eua-Aree said . One-Two-Go officials would not speculate on what may have happened , saying they will wait for the findings of the investigation . But they did say their aircraft were regularly checked and maintained , and denied some media reports that questioned whether the discount airline employed more inexperienced pilots for lower salaries . One-Two-Go is one of about 40 low-cost airlines operating in Asia , and the industry will be watching closely for the results of the investigation into the crash . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Andrew Stevens contributed to this report	Relatives of the 89 people killed in Thai air crash are still arriving in Phuket About 36 of the bodies have yet to be identified , according to Thai authorities U.S. Embassy in Bangkok confirms that five Americans were among the dead The investigation into what caused Sunday 's crash is still continuing
Mugello  CNN  -- Fernando Alonso 's reign as the undisputed No. 1 driver at Ferrari is over , according to Ferrari chairman Luca di Montemolo . The double world champion will be partnered at the Italian team in 2014 by Kimi Raikkonen , the Finn who won the last of Ferrari 's 15 world championships in 2007 . "  I do n't like No. 1 , No. 2 , " Di Montezemolo told CNN ahead of this weekend 's season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix . "  No. 1 is the timing , No. 1 and No. 2 depends on the timing . " Di Montezemolo praised Alonso 's skill -- the Spaniard was the drivers ' champion in 2005 and 2006 -- by giving the 32-year-old a "  good eight out of 10 " mark for a 2013 season which has seen him struggle to keep pace with Red Bull 's runaway world champion Sebastian Vettel . Di Montezemolo hopes Raikkonen 's arrival will spur Alonso on to greater things in 2014 . "  Fernando is really a very , very good driver , " said Di Montezemolo . "  I 'm very pleased to have him in the team . I am only frustrated that we have n't been in condition to give really a super car in the last seasons . "  Alonso knows that he drives to win for himself , but also for Ferrari . Ferrari is a team and I want drivers  who  will drive and will act and react as a team member , not only one man . "  I think that both of these drivers have good experience ... I think it 's also in the interest of Alonso to have in the team a driver ready to battle his own competitors , Alonso 's competitors . " Raikkonen has won 20 grands prix since making his F1 debut in 2001 and returns to Ferrari -- he drove for the Italian team between 2007 and 2009 -- as a replacement for Brazilian Felipe Massa , who is moving to Williams after eight years at the "  Prancing Horse . " Raikkonen has spent the last two years with Lotus , having left the sport in 2009 to pursue a career in rally driving . Di Montezemolo wanted to recruit a driver of Raikkonen 's experience given the raft of new regulations set to shake up F1 in 2014 . "  I need a driver able to win races or at least to take off points from our main competitors , " said Di Montezemolo of the 34-year-old . "  I think he will be in condition to do it . "  For a car with completely new rules , in which you have to develop without the previous year 's car , you need a driver with experience . "  Do n't forget that Kimi was the driver that won our last world championship . " However , doubts have been cast over Ferrari 's ability to manage two drivers who will have their eyes set on a title challenge . Alonso famously clashed with Lewis Hamilton while at McLaren , a rivalry which culminated in the Spaniard joining Renault in 2009 before signing with Ferrari in 2010 . But Di Montezemolo has no concerns of a similarly personality clash this time around . "  I do n't want to say that they are old ... " Di Montezemolo joked when asked if the two drivers will get along . "  But I 'm sure , yes . " Blog : The cult of Kimi -- F1 's coolest driver ?	Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo says there will be no No. 1 driver at Ferrari Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen will be Ferrari 's driver partnership in 2014 Di Montezemolo awarded Alonso a "  good eight out of 10 " rating for the 2013 season This season comes to an end with the Brazilian Grand Prix this weekend
As a tide of Sunni militant fighters sweeping toward Baghdad threatens the government of Shiite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , a flood of refugees sought safety in the autonomous region of Kurdistan . At one checkpoint in northern Iraq , CNN 's Arwa Damon witnessed a bumper-to-bumper procession of cars and trucks fleeing from Mosul and surrounding villages . A virtual parking lot of vehicles filled with woman and young children , the two-lane road was choked with dust and engine exhaust as Iraqi civilians fled the rapid advance of the militant Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , an al Qaeda splinter group also known by its acronym ISIS . "  Mosul has fallen to the terrorists , " one young man told CNN . "  It 's fallen to al Qaeda . " That unraveling began in earnest on Tuesday as Iraqi security forces fled and militants overran Iraq 's second-largest city in a stunning collapse that heightened questions about al-Maliki 's ability to control not only Mosul , but the entire country . Militants seized Mosul 's airport , TV stations , the governor 's office and other parts of the northern Iraqi city . There also were incursions into the oil refining town of Baiji . Fighting alongside ISIS militants are other Sunni insurgent groups active during the U.S. invasion of Iraq that believe in fighting the Shia dominated government and its perceived anti-Sunni agenda , though they do n't subscribe to ISIS 's ideology or the establishment of an Islamic caliphate . But this is much more than a battle between an insurgency and a government . Much of the lands that have fallen to ISIS and its current allies is predominantly Sunni , where much of the population despises al-Maliki and his Shia-dominated government 's polarizing policies . It 's a battle of survival between Sunni and Shia contingents . Additionally , Shia religious leaders and others have called for volunteers to join Iraqi security forces in the fight . Numerous reports of police and soldiers running from their posts in Mosul -- leaving uniforms , vehicles , weapons and ammunition behind -- raised the prospect that the Iraqi government did not either have the will or resources to combat the advancing threat . "  They have melted down , unfortunately , " Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said of a video purporting to show hundreds of Iraqi forces captured by militants in Tikrit , hometown of former dictator Saddam Hussein . "  I mean , two army divisions in the city and their commanders escaped to the north . The government needs to take serious action . " On Friday , President Barack Obama said the United States "  will not be sending U.S. troops back into combat in Iraq , " but that he would be reviewing a range of other options in coming days . Pressure for the United States to provide military support to Iraq 's struggling government has increased , with conservative Republicans blaming Obama for the crisis by pulling out U.S. troops in 2011 to create a security vacuum . The conflict could potentially escalate with reports that Iranian special forces were in Iraq to bolster the government of al-Maliki , a fellow Shiite . Iran rejected that claim . At the northern Iraqi border crossing , families waiting in traffic described relative calm streets on streets where militant gunman roamed . Running water and gasoline were available , they said , but their biggest concern was airstrikes by the Iraqi military . One such airstrike came against a former Iraqi military base south of Mosul where ISIS militants were believed to the staying . There also were warnings from Baghdad for residents to stay away from government buildings . On Friday , Iraqi State TV reported that military airstrikes had killed 70 ISIS militants and wounded 40 others in Tikrit . At the border crossing between Mosul and Iraqi Kurdistan , some returning refugees explained their willingness to come back by noting that ISIS had not conducted mass executions or pillaged towns . A few hours later , however , ISIS published "  rules " for residents based on a strict interpretation of Sharia law . A spokesman for the U.N. 's High Commissioner for Human Rights reported summary executions of Iraqi security forces and of 17 civilians thought to be working for the police in Mosul .	Iraqi civilians flee toward Kurdistan region Chaos as Islamic militants scatter Iraqi security forces Government planes target ISIS with airstrikes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Broadcast icon Dick Clark , the longtime host of the influential "  American Bandstand , " has died , publicist Paul Shefrin said . He was 82 . Clark suffered a heart attack while at St. John 's Hospital in Santa Monica for an outpatient procedure , his publicist said Wednesday . "  Attempts to resuscitate were unsuccessful . " The family has not yet decided whether there will be a public memorial service for the multifaceted Clark , although Shefrin said , "  There will be no funeral . " Clark suffered what was then described as "  a mild stroke " in December 2004 , just months after announcing he had been diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes . That stroke forced Clark to cut back on his on-camera work , including giving up the hosting duties for the "  Dick Clark 's New Year 's Rockin ' Eve " specials . He returned as a co-host with Ryan Seacrest on December 31 , 2005 . Clark anguished each year over whether to continue appearing on the annual show because of limitations on his speech from the stroke , U.S. Rep. David Dreier , a longtime friend , told CNN Wednesday . "  But then he would get deluged by people who were stroke victims and other people who had infirmities and they were such admirers of his fighting spirit , " said Dreier , R-California . Share your memories of Dick Clark Clark 's "  American Bandstand " work , which he began when it was a local TV show in Philadelphia in 1956 , earned him the nickname "  America 's oldest living teenager . " The dance show was picked up by ABC and broadcast nationally a year later . "  If you did n't go on ` American Bandstand , ' you had n't made it yet , " singer Aretha Franklin told "  AC360 . " The savvy entrepreneur was a pioneer in introducing African-American and other performers to millions of young TV viewers . His audiences were integrated , among the first on television . "  Only God is responsible for making more stars than Dick Clark , " said singer Tony Orlando , who was 16 when he first appeared on Clark 's show in 1961 . Entertainers told CNN on Wednesday that Clark knew that music transcends race . "  Dick understood the connection that music had . It was n't about black , it was n't about white , " Shawn Stockman of Boyz II Men told "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Seacrest gave a statement to CNN expressing deep sadness for "  the loss of my dear friend Dick Clark . " "  He has truly been one of the greatest influences in my life , " Seacrest said . "  I idolized him from the start , and I was graced early on in my career with his generous advice and counsel . When I joined his show in 2006 , it was a dream come true to work with him every New Year 's Eve for the last six years . " Seacrest called Clark "  smart , charming , funny and always a true gentleman . " Another major figure on the music scene was too upset to talk about Clark 's death . Radio host Casey Kasem 's wife , Jean , told CNN that Clark served as substitute host for Kasem 's popular "  American Top 40 . " "  We just feel that he was one of the most magnanimous human beings that we ever knew in the industry , " Jean Kasem said of Clark . Clark became wealthy as a businessman , producing successful TV shows through Dick Clark Productions . He created the American Music Awards in the 1970s , a competitor to the Grammy Awards . He sold the company to Washington Redskins owner Daniel Snyder in 2007 . "  One of the real draws when we purchased Dick Clark Productions was the opportunity to build on the tremendous foundation of programming that this icon of American broadcasting created , " Snyder said Wednesday . "  I got to know Dick over the past five years , and he was just as personable and warm in person as he was on television . Once you got to know Dick , it was obvious why he was so beloved by his fans . He was , in every sense of the word , a giant . " Born Richard Wagstaff Clark in Mount Vernon , New York , on November 30 , 1929 , he began his broadcast career working at a radio station managed by his father . Clark , who was married three times , is survived by his wife , Kari , two sons and a daughter . The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducted Clark in its nonperformer category in 1993 . Clark also hosted numerous other television favorites , including the "  Pyramid " game shows and "  TV 's Bloopers and Practical Jokes . " "  This guy was the best , " said singer Freddy Cannon , who appeared on "  American Bandstand " 110 times . "  He helped me from the very bottom of my career all through the '80s and the '90s , and he 's going to be missed a lot . " Former CNN talk host Larry King said Clark 's secret for success was his ability to be natural on camera . "  The hardest thing in the business is to be yourself , and no one knew that better than Dick Clark , " King said . Singer Donny Osmond said Clark was one of a kind : "  If someone can not fill your shoes , you are a legend . And Dick Clark was a legend . " Clark 's passing follows by less than three months the death of another TV dance show icon , Don Cornelius , the creator of "  Soul Train . " Cornelius was found dead of what authorities said was a self-inflicted gunshot wound in Los Angeles on February 1 . He was 75 . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived CNN 's Denise Quan and JD Cargill contributed to this report .	NEW : Entertainers recall "  American Bandstand " influence Dick Clark died of a heart attack while at a Santa Monica hospital , his publicist says He suffered a stroke in December 2004 , reducing his on-camera work Clark started "  American Bandstand " as a local TV show in Philadelphia in 1956
CNN  -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic was again on target as AC Milan returned to the top of Italy 's Serie A with a 2-0 victory at Cagliari on Tuesday . Francesco Pisano 's early own-goal and a second-half strike from the in-form Ibrahimovic put the defending champions one point clear of unbeaten Juventus , who visit third-placed Udinese on Wednesday . Massimiliano Allegri 's team took the lead in the fourth minute when Pisano deflected Antonio Nocerino 's effort into the net after Ibrahimovic sent Robinho free down the right . Ibrahimovic and Nocerino both scored in Saturday 's win over Siena which briefly put Milan above Juve , and the Sweden striker continued his rich scoring run in the 60th minute . He netted a fifth penalty in six matches at the weekend , but this time was on target from open play after combining again with Brazil forward Robinho . Mancini rules out Milan 's hopes of Tevez loan deal Ibrahimovic scored for the 11th time in the league this season to join Atalanta 's German Denis at the top of the standings . The defeat left Cagliari in 13th place , one of three clubs on 18 points . Fiorentina claimed 12th on goal difference after a 0-0 draw at Siena , who moved up to 16th and three points above the relegation zone . In England , Bolton climbed off the bottom of the Premier League with a 2-1 win at Lancashire rivals Blackburn , as the two teams swapped places . First-half goals from Mark Davies and Nigel Reo-Coker put the visitors in control , and a 67th-minute effort from Yakubu could not prevent a third successive defeat for Rovers -- whose manager Steve Kean is in increasing danger of being sacked by the club 's Indian owners . Norwich retained ninth place despite twice losing the lead in a 2-2 draw at struggling Wolverhampton . Ronald Zubar 's 82nd-minute header earned Wolves a point which lifted the club into 16th above Sunderland , who visit Queens Park Rangers on Wednesday . In Spain , a second-string Real Madrid team moved into the last 16 of the Copa del Rey with a 5-1 victory over third division Ponferradina . The cup holders sealed a 7-1 aggregate win as Jose Callejon added two more goals to his strike in the away leg . Espanyol beat second division Celta Vigo 4-2 after a 0-0 draw in last week 's first leg , while Mallorca defeated fellow La Liga side Sporting Gijon 2-0 to go through 2-1 overall . Sevilla , the 2010 cup winners , beat lower-league San Roque 2-1 to progress 3-1 on aggregate . Club World Cup champions Barcelona will host third division Hospitalet on Thursday , holding a 1-0 lead . In Germany , Bundesliga champions Borussia Dortmund battled into the quarterfinals of the domestic cup competition after beating Fortuna Dusseldorf 5-4 in a penalty shootout . Dortmund held their division two opponents to 0-0 after extra-time despite having Patrick Owomoyela sent off in the 34th minute for a second booking . League leaders Bayern Munich went through to the last eight with a 2-1 win at Bochum , coming from behind to equalize in the 52nd minute through Toni Kroos before Arjen Robben netted a late penalty . Hoffenheim beat Augsburg 2-1 in a top-flight clash , while Nuremberg lost 1-0 at home to second division Greuther Furth .	AC Milan move one point above Juventus with 2-0 win in Sardinia on Tuesday Striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic joins German Denis at the top of the scoring charts Real Madrid cruise into last 16 of Spain 's Copa del Rey with 5-1 victory Borussia Dortmund battle into quarterfinals of German Cup after penalty shootout
CNN  -- NASA scientists say new data provided by twin spacecraft analyzing the sun will help them more accurately predict how so-called solar tsunamis wreak havoc on our planet . NASA says new data on so-called solar tsunamis will help predict how they will affect our planet . The tsunamis -- powerful explosions known as coronal mass ejections , or CMEs -- produce solar cosmic rays that can interfere with technology , causing power blackouts and disrupting air traffic communications and cell phone networks . NASA says images captured by its twin Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory , or STEREO , spacecraft have enabled scientists to map the tsunamis in 3D to examine their structure , velocity , mass and direction . The solar ejections , its says , can release billions of tons of high-velocity plasma into space , producing a shockwave that generates cosmic rays which then plow into our atmosphere . These can create the brightly-colored auroras , more commonly known as the Northern or Southern lights , but also have more damaging effects , posing particular threats to spacecraft and astronauts . Solar physicist Angelos Vourlidas of the Naval Research Laboratory in Washington said the new data from the STEREO craft -- launched into orbit in October 2006 -- will revolutionize the study of cosmic weather patterns . "  Before this unique mission , measurements and the subsequent data of a CME observed near the sun had to wait until the ejections arrived at Earth three to seven days later , " he said in statement . "  Now we can see a CME from the time it leaves the solar surface until it reaches Earth and we can reconstruct the event in 3D directly from the images . "	NASA says new data will enable scientists to map solar tsunamis in 3D Solar ejections can wreak havoc on Earth , causing power and radio blackouts New data could help predict what effects the phenomena will have , NASA says
CNN  -- Remember when social media websites were just about sharing fun things ? I 'm talking about the time when Facebook was essentially a place to post photos of you having a great time and the most serious event shared was when a person changed his or her status from "  in a relationship " to "  single . " But those days are gone . Social media has now become a place to share deeply personal and often horribly painful events in our lives . It has , in essence , become an online group therapy session where people reveal the details of dreadful events from their lives in the hopes it helps them cope and will attract support from others . We saw it on display this week with 16-year-old Hannah Anderson , who was taken hostage by James DiMaggio for a week after he allegedly killed Hannah 's mother and younger brother . Within days of being freed , Hannah went online to the website ask.fm and answered questions from the public about her ordeal . And she did n't just respond to a few questions , she fielded a long list of probing questions from "  Why did n't you run ? " to "  Are you glad  DiMaggio is  dead ? " I noticed this evolution in the way people had begun to use social media last year , and at the time , I did n't like it . My concern was : Why would anyone share the intimate details of tragic events from their lives with people online , many of whom are strangers ? It really hit home this year when a friend posted on Facebook that he had been diagnosed with cancer . I was shocked , first by the news but second by the fact he announced his diagnosis on Facebook . Typically , this would be the type of news you would share only with family and close friends , and probably in a face-to-face conversation . But reading the comments responding to his original posting -- and the comments to his subsequent posts about his treatment -- caused me to change my view on what was appropriate to share on social media . The amount of support he received on his Facebook page was astounding . He was touched by it , noting that the outpouring brought him comfort and inspired him to fight the disease even harder . Many others are sharing the most heartwrenching events in their lives . In just the past few weeks , friends on Facebook or Twitter have posted information about the deaths of a parent or a grandparent . And this week , I saw an even more candid sharing of information when a friend posted on Facebook that his brother in Egypt had been shot by the police there during the recent protests . He followed that up a few hours later with updates about surgery to save his brother 's life . Finally , he posted a photo of his deceased brother from the morgue where they identified his body . A few weeks ago , NPR host Scott Simon tweeted live updates from his dying mother 's hospital room to his more than 1 million Twitter followers . Some said Simon was invading his mother 's privacy while others labeled him as self-centered , focused more on himself than his dying mother . But like many others , I found it to be a moving tribute to his mother . What sparked this trend to divulge information that had once been revealed only to family and close friends ? There are a few reasons . First , it 's clearly therapeutic for many . By sharing their painful experiences , it helps the person heal , and the show of support by others bolsters them . Second , those who have been using social media for years on a daily basis have grown accustomed to sharing events and experiences from everyday life . We are now extending the scope of what we will share from our lives . Finally , I believe there 's a connection between a willingness to share private aspects of our lives and the reality TV show world in which we have been immersed for over a decade . On a nightly basis , we see people share their triumphs and tragedies , be it on shows like "  Big Brother " or "  The Real World " or more contrived ones like "  Honey Boo Boo " or "  Keeping up with the Kardashians . " They have made it easier and more acceptable for us to do the same . To me , the best thing about this new trend is that you get to control it . It 's your choice whether to disclose deeply personal information . Those who find it unnerving or inappropriate can keep that information secret . But for the rest , social media may end up being a less expensive but helpful form of therapy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Social media evolved from sharing trivial matters to more personal ones Hannah Anderson answered personal questions about her abduction NPR host Scott Simon tweeted from his dying mother 's hospital room Obeidallah : Sharing more is a good thing , if it helps bring comfort to those who suffer
Grass Valley , California  CNN  -- In the foothills of California 's Sierra Nevada mountains , artists are partnering with doctors and scientists to create life-changing products . In a small strip of commercial buildings in this town northeast of Sacramento , you 'll find Farlow 's Scientific Glassblowing . The modest lobby opens up into a pristine production lab filled with skilled glassblowers , blue-flaming torches and dazzling glass models of the human heart , brain and vascular system . "  It 's science , and it 's art , " said Wade Martindale , Farlow 's production manager . Farlow 's Scientific Glassblowing makes the glass organs and vascular models used by medical-device manufacturers in preliminary testing to determine whether their products will work in real-life situations . For example , a medical company could request a glass model be built to spec for testing a new heart-valve catheter . Farlow 's glassblowing team would then create a heart connected to a vascular system connected to a custom opening in the femoral artery of the leg . The company then uses that model for research and development to test catheter deployment . "  A lot of these models are FDA approved for these companies so that they can use it as a true proving ground to get to the next level of testing , " Martindale told CNN . When CNN visited the shop , Martindale was working on one of his more remarkable pieces -- what he calls a "  demonstrator heart model . " He uses CT scans , medical illustrations and even casts taken from cadavers to create an anatomically precise model of the human heart . Each component of the model is made by hand to customer specifications . "  Sometimes doctors want an aneurysm in them , sometimes they want diseased hearts , " Martindale said as he spun molten glass . "  So each one is unique . " The glass hearts also have educational value . Cardiologists can connect the models to a water pump to simulate blood flow . And medical students use the glass tubes to practice catheter or stent placement . Although demand from the science and medical industry can fluctuate , Martindale says Farlow 's Scientific Glassblowing has shown steady growth . "  We ship all over the world from Japan to Europe to India , " he says , "  so we have been able to expand into global  markets  instead of regional . " The now-international company has humble roots . Gary Farlow , the company 's founder , started glassblowing more than 30 years ago in the San Francisco Bay area . Like many artists , he started out making simple glass toys and figurines to sell at malls . Farlow quickly realized there was n't a lot of money to be made in glass art , so he focused on scientific glassware . "  Gary always had grand ideas , he was always one to push the envelope , " says Martindale , who is Farlow 's nephew . "  He was never satisfied with small . " Farlow passed away last year , but his legacy as an artist and entrepreneur lives on . It was after he took a more business-like approach to glassblowing that he caught a big break . A medical manufacturer asked him to make angioplasty balloon molds out of glass . Farlow 's Scientific Glassblowing was born . "  The ` a-ha ' moment was when he found out that he could turn a metal part that was made in the medical industry into glass and he could produce it for way cheaper than anyone else , " Martindale said . Prices for Farlow 's glass organs today start at several hundred dollars . In 1994 , Farlow moved the blossoming business from the Bay area to Grass Valley , where then 13-year-old Martindale started an apprenticeship . "  After doing four summers with him , I said , ` This is what I love to do . This is a great medium to work in , ' " he said . Later , after graduating college , Martindale joined the company full time . He likes that the work combines creativity with helping advance the state of medical research . "  It 's art , it 's handcrafted and it 's used for something that could potentially save someone 's life , " he said with a smile , "  It makes me feel good that I 'm involved in helping people . " Before CNN arrived at the shop , the glassblowing team assembled a full-scale human model named "  Mrs. Einstein , " or "  Mrs. E " for short . The model began with just one piece , the center of the brain . Then the team built out the rest of the brain and added a heart , veins , lungs and vascular components for the arms and legs -- all created by glassblowing . "  This is the collaboration of all the years of making different models and taking all that knowledge and putting it into one cohesive piece of glass , " said Martindale . Yes , pieces of Mrs. E have been broken . And if you 're thinking of buying a full-body glass model like Mrs. E for yourself , be prepared to spend around $ 25,000 .	A glassblowing shop makes organs used by doctors and medical-device manufacturers Cardiologists can connect glass hearts to a pump that can simulate blood flow Gary Farlow , the company 's founder , started out making simple glass toys "  It 's science , and it 's art , " says Wade Martindale , the shop 's production manager
CNN  -- It 's a bittersweet Christmas season for Joseph Kassab , who grew up in Iraq under Saddam Hussein 's Baathist regime and now lives in Detroit , Michigan . Tempering the season 's joy is his concern for fellow Iraqi Christians , who have endured killings , displacement and daily intimidation . An Iraqi policeman checks security in a Baghdad church where midnight Mass will be celebrated Wednesday . Christians in Iraq face a "  bleak future , " said Kassab , executive director of the Chaldean Federation of America , a nonprofit group that helps Iraqi Christians . "  We are heading for a demise , " he said . "  It 's getting to the point where it might be an ethnic cleansing in the future . " A recent U.S. government report focused on the plight of Iraq 's Christian minority . U.S. diplomats and legislators are worried , too . "  I think the Christians are caught in the middle of a horrible situation , " said U.S. Rep. Anna Eshoo , a California Democrat of Assyrian and Armenian ancestry . She said Iraqi Christians are suffering as a result of "  religious cleansing , " and she has urged more help for minorities who have fled their homes in Iraq . The Iraqi government has worked to be inclusive and accepting toward Christians , but daily intimidation has cowed the Christian community , with crosses removed from churches , priests afraid to wear their clerical garb , the faithful reluctant to attend church , and churches hiring private security guards . Iraq 's Christian population has fallen from as many as 1.4 million in 2003 to between 500,000 and 700,000 more recently , according to the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom . A recent commission report outlined chilling abuse that Christians suffer in Muslim-dominated Iraq . It sounded an alarm about the treatment of minorities such as Chaldo-Assyrian Christians , an ancient people who embraced the Christian faith in its early years and still speak a form of Aramaic , the language of Jesus . Read some of report 's examples of violence against Iraqi Christians The community has endured displacement , killings and kidnappings , with churches being attacked and occupied . The U.S. State Department 's International Religious Freedom Report for 2008 says two-thirds of Christians in Iraq are Chaldeans , a branch of the Catholic Church . Almost a third are from the Assyrian Church of the East . The rest include Syriac Christians , who are Eastern Orthodox ; Armenians , both Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox ; and Anglicans and other Protestants . Christians and other minorities represented about 3 percent of Iraq 's population before 2003 , but many have fled to Jordan , Syria , Lebanon , Turkey , and other countries . The community includes many who are well-educated , including business people and professionals . They live in Baghdad and Basra , as well as in the city of Kirkuk and the autonomous Kurdish region . The Christian community is predominant in northern Iraq 's Nineveh province , in the big city of Mosul and in the nearby Nineveh Plain , where many displaced Christians live . Tensions in Nineveh province heightened a few months ago , after provincial officials blocked the creation of local police forces for the Nineveh Plain . Then hundreds of Christians took to the streets in and around Mosul . They were protesting the demise of a national measure that would have included minority representation on the country 's provincial councils . Fourteen Christians were killed in violence and many fled their homes . That prompted Eshoo to write to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in October about the "  rapidly deteriorating conditions for Christians in Mosul . " The commission 's Elizabeth Cassidy , an international legal specialist , said the bias that Christians face in Iraq reflects "  the growing lack of diversity in that part of the world . "  It 's bad for these countries that they become all one religion , " she said . She said she fears that Muslim extremists will become predominant in Iraq . The commission gathered information from the Christian refugees who fled the sectarian violence in recent years . "  The ones we 've talked to and who are outside seem to fear going back . Despite the security gains , they do n't feel it 's safe enough to go back , " Cassidy said . The commission made several recommendations for the U.S. government in Iraq , such as ensuring fair provincial elections , training and deploying police to vulnerable communities , making prevention of minority abuse a priority , and distributing assistance funds fairly . One proposal calls for amending the constitution to get rid of language that gives Islam primacy . The constitution guarantees religious freedom and rights to all people , including Christians , but states unambiguously that "  Islam is the official religion of the state and is a foundation source of legislation . " Iraqi Christian activists , such as Michael Youash , project director of the Iraq Sustainable Democracy Project in Washington , favor the creation of a distinct region in the Nineveh Plain -- where neither Arabs nor Kurds predominate . He cites part of the constitution that says it "  shall guarantee the administrative , political , cultural , and educational rights of the various nationalities , such as Turkomen , Chaldeans , Assyrians , and all other constituents . " Youash , who authored a paper on the Iraqi minority crises for the American University International Law Review , warned that the demographic changes will hurt Iraq because Assyrian Christians "  are disproportionately represented in Iraq 's professional and educated elite . " "  They are a significant component of the American administrative structure in Iraq , " he said . "  This depletion of Iraq 's human capital will have devastating effects throughout the country . "	Iraq 's Christians face killings , intimidation ; many have fled to other countries Community has decreased from 1.4 million in 2003 to half that One expert sees diversity decreasing , fears Muslim extremist majority in Iraq Christians in Iraq face "  horrible situation , " says U.S. congresswoman
CNN  -- Actor Kristian Nairn -- aka Hodor on "  Game of Thrones " -- was never in the closet . But as a firm believer in the need to "  stand up and be counted , " Nairn has confirmed he 's gay in an interview with "  GoT " fan site Winter Is Coming . "  W  hen you talk about ` the gay community , ' you are talking about MY community , " Nairn said when questioned about his gay fan base . "  I 've never hidden my sexuality from anyone , my whole life in fact , and I 've been waiting for someone to ask about it in an interview ,  because  it 's not something you just blurt out . I 've tried to lead the questions a few times , to no avail ! " Now that the moment has come , Nairn was more than happy to "  come out " in the media . "  I had an upbringing to respect other people 's privacy , and their right to be and choose what they want , and I expect -- no , demand -- no less for myself , " Nairn continued . "  It 's a very small part of who I am on the whole , but nonetheless , in this day and age , it 's important to stand up and be counted . I have and always will stand my ground . " Nairn told Winter Is Coming that the crew on HBO 's fantasy series "  have been great , " and he 's quite appreciative of the gay community 's support . "  I am aware of it , " he said of his LGBT fans , "  and I think it 's really lovely . There 's not a day that I do n't get a few messages , but 99 % or more are supersweet and nothing smutty at all ! " Nairn said . "  Again , it 's a privilege , and I really mean that . " Nairn will return with the rest of the "  Game of Thrones " cast in April , when season four bows on April 6 . "  I never dreamed things would have turned out how they have , " he said of the success of the show . "  Things seem to keep happening that I constantly have to check myself and think ` Really ? Is this real ? ' I knew Hodor would be a popular character ... but I did n't think to the level he has so far ! I love the guy , I can see why people like him . It 's a testament to  author George R.R. Martin , who wrote the books the series is based on  and the show that they can make every character so wonderful . "	"  Game of Thrones " actor Kristian Nairn has confirmed he 's gay He says in an interview with a fan site that he was never in the closet Yet he also recognizes the importance of standing up "  to be counted " Nairn will return with the rest of the cast for "  GoT 's " fourth season in April
CNN  -- In the smoggy cradle of China 's industrial heartland , a heaving freight train gets set to depart along a modern incarnation of the legendary Silk Road trading route . This historic passageway was once worn into a dense chain of dusty trails by caravans of horses and camels carrying merchants and their many wares between continental Asia and Europe . Today it takes the form of a series of transnational rail tracks transporting the latest in electronic products and computer parts . Starting in the bustling mega city of Chongqing , southwest China , the 11,179-kilometer  6,946-mile  network stretches across six countries and vast unpopulated expanses all the way to Duisburg , Germany . See also : Could drones replace highways "  The railway  goes  through Xinjiang , Kazakhstan , Russia , Belarus , Poland and Germany and builds a new route for transportation , " explained Dr Mu Huaping of the Chongqing Commission of Economy and Information Technology . "  If  the city  wants to go global , the railway serves an important role , " Mu added . Chongqing rising For many companies with factories in fast-growing Chongqing , transferring items via rail to markets in Europe can be easier and quicker than sea freight from one of China 's coastal ports . Mu points out that train journeys take just 16 days , comparing favorably to the more lengthy shipping routes where the costs and time of transporting cargo to the coast must also be added . Since the rail network opened in 2011  as a joint venture between track operator DB Schenker , the Chongqing Holding Group and the state railways of China , Kazakhstan and Russia  an increasing number of multinationals have taken advantage of the facility , Mu said . U.S. computer giant Hewlett Packard claims to have shipped more than 4 million notebook computers to Europe by train during this period . As more industry heads towards China 's vast interior -- and cities like Chongqing expand , creating greater wealth and consumer spending power -- many observers believe rail freight will become an even more appealing cargo-transport option . See also : 7 of the most entertaining airports "  I think it 's a very bright future for freight rail transport , " said Michael Binyon , a British journalist who has written extensively on the subject of what he tentatively refers to as the "  Iron Silk Road . " "  It 's the only way to avoid the long sea routes . Airplanes are very expensive  and  road is out of the question  because  the volumes are too small . " "  Rail transportation , " he added can be "  a very efficient way , and a fairly fast way , of moving large volumes of freight from China to Europe . " Continental shift While this contemporary route  which plots a more northern course than its historic Silk Road counterpart  has been in operation for two years now , rail routes between Asia and Europe are far from a new development . The Trans-Siberian Railway has been shifting goods and passengers between Moscow and Vladivostok on Russia 's Pacific coast for just under a century , linking up with tracks in northern China and Mongolia along the way . In time , Binyon sees the potential for even more rail integration between the continents . He points to the Marmaray tunnel project  due to open later this year  that will marry tracks underneath the Bosphorous Strait , connecting Asiatic and European Turkey in the process . See also : 8 amazing transport projects Organizations like the U.N. Economic and Social Commission for Asia  UNESCAP  meanwhile have long sought to facilitate a vast Trans-Asian Railway network that could link the continents . This intergovernmental project has the backing of 22 Asian nations and proposes lines that would connect Thailand , Myanmar , India , Pakistan , Iran and Turkey to southern Europe , as well as a Southeast Asian network that could theoretically extend all the way from Singapore to Europe via China . A north-south corridor stretching from Russia through Azerbaijan , Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan all the way to the Persian Gulf port of Bandar Abbas in Iran is also cited by the U.N. group as a possibility . Keeping track When it comes to actually building these lines , however , the reality is infinitely more complex than simply plotting the routes and laying down tracks -- as the UNESCAP project has discovered since it was agreed in 2006 . According to Christian Wolmar , a rail historian and author of the forthcoming book "  To the Edge of the World , " all manner of operational challenges must first be overcome . "  Individual countries tend to use different styles , technologies , signaling systems and gauges , " Wolmar explained . "  That means creating a link across several nations is problematic ... and incredibly expensive . " "  Then there is also the politics . Can you go through northern Turkey or Iraq or Iran ? "  But that 's not to say they  trains  do n't have benefits . There is fantastic potential as they are a relatively green and sustainable mode of transport and can take vast loads with just a couple of people driving a train , " he added . See also : Where is the world 's best airport ? Binyon also notes these difficulties but concurs with Wolmar 's final point . He highlights how the Chongqing to Duisburg route has already overcome some of the standardization challenges by having cargo containers transferred to cars with new gauges at relevant border crossings to meet varying national track requirements . "  If you can simplify it , if you can unify customs agreements and if you can have a standard operating system with rules agreed by all those along the route , " he said , then railways are "  an extremely efficient way of moving large numbers of people and freight from one population center to the other . "	A vast rail network links Chongqing in China to Duisburg in Germany The network has echoes of the famous Silk Road trading route The railway goes through China , Kazakhstan , Russia , Belarus , Poland and Germany
CNN  -- Inter Milan celebrated their fourth successive Scudetto with a 3-0 home victory against Siena on Sunday as coach Jose Mourinho demanded total commitment from his players . Coach Mourinho demanded total commitment from Inter as they celebrated another Italian title . Inter were crowned champions on Saturday after closest challengers and city rivals AC Milan went down 2-1 at Udinese . Any thoughts they would take their foot off the gas were dispelled as goals from Esteban Cambiasso  45  , Mario Balotelli  52  and Zlatan Ibrahimovic  76  secured the win . "  It was important to win , there would n't have been much point to our party if we had n't won , " said Mourinho . "  This was a serious match , we were n't kidding around . Our strength is that we always play very seriously . "  Even today I got angry because we still had the aim of winning the top scorer trophy , not for  Zlatan  Ibrahimovic but for the whole team -- even  Mario  Balotelli had to play for Ibra . " The Swede scored his 22nd league goal of the season in the 76th minute and is only one goal behind Bologna 's Marco Di Vaio in the Serie A goalscoring charts . But it was captain Javier Zanetti and goalkeeper Julio Cesar who pleased Mourinho the most . "  The player who surprised me the most was Zanetti . His passport can not be telling the truth  claiming he 's 35  , it must be 10 years out , he 's incredible , " added the former Porto and Chelsea manager . Mourinho has already started looking ahead to the quest for a fifth successive Serie A crown and already has transfer targets in mind , such as Genoa 's Diego Milito . "  If you win one , a second and then more titles it 's difficult and a fifth will be harder still , " he said . "  We are not very far from signing Milito , who is a striker in top form . "  We need a second striker . This year we had big problems in central midfield and we need two players there with physical strength and a different tactical ability to the players we have at the moment . "  And then a defender other than two or three in the youth team that I like a lot . " Milan 's hold on second place was strengthened as Juventus could only manage a 2-2 home draw with Atalanta with Fiorentina a point back in fourth after they beat Sampdoria 1-0 . Genoa came from behind to secure the point they needed to qualify for the Europa League next season thanks to a 2-2 draw with Chievo . Roma hold the last European spot , but are just two points ahead of Palermo after the Sicilians beat Lazio 2-0 . Meanwhile , veteran Inter midfielder Luis Figo has announced that he will retire at the end of the season . "  I finish in the best possible way , " Figo told Portuguese sports newspaper Abola . "  I will no longer play at a high level . " Figo , 36 , won four Primera Liga title in spells with Barcelona and Real Madrid before joining Inter in the summer of 2005 . "  This is a first for me , " he added . "  I 've never won a title without playing . It 's always difficult to win a league title in Italy . But with respect to the previous Serie A titles , this one feels different because it has been slightly more difficult . "	Inter Milan mark fourth successive Serie A title with 3-0 victory against Siena Jose Mourinho 's side can not be caught after AC Milan 's defeat at Udinese Veteran Inter midfielder Luis Figo says he will retire at the end of the season
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A man raced into Berlin 's Madame Tussauds wax museum Saturday and ripped the head off a waxwork of Adolf Hitler , police said . A wax likeness of Adolf Hitler sits in Berlin 's Madame Tussaud 's wax museum before Saturday 's attack . Police said the 41-year-old entered the exhibit shortly after the museum doors opened and "  made for the Hitler figure , " scuffling with a guard assigned to protect it and the manager before tearing the head off the life-size statue . The man was arrested and is now in custody , Berlin police spokeswoman Uwe Kozelnik said . He told officers he wanted to protest the figure being included in the museum . Museum official Nathalie Ruoss said organizers would decide Monday what to do about the figure . Watch a museum official describe the attack " Saturday was the opening day of the Berlin branch of the famous Madame Tussauds wax museum . The presence of the waxwork , which depicted the Nazi dictator sitting at his desk in his bunker shortly before he committed suicide in 1945 , in the new museum led to criticism in German media over recent weeks . But the museum 's defenders argued Hitler 's role in German history must not be ignored . Hitler was shown with a sullen expression , his head slightly down , and one hand on the desk . Police said the man is now being investigated for causing damages and bodily harm -- the manager was slightly injured in the leg -- but that he would probably be released later in the day . Berlin is the eighth wax museum for London-based Madame Tussauds , known for its lifelike waxworks depicting famous people including celebrities , politicians , sports stars , artists , and scientists . Famous Germans included in the exhibits are Chancellor Angela Merkel , scientist Albert Einstein , composer Johann Sebastian Bach , and tennis champion Boris Becker . CNN 's Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Man rips head off Adolf Hitler waxwork in Berlin 's Madame Tussauds museum 41-year-old said he wanted to protest the figure being included among exhibits Police said man being investigated for causing damages and injury to a guard
CNN  -- Italian newspapers , an archbishop and civil liberties campaigners expressed shock and revulsion on Monday after photographs were published of sunbathers apparently enjoying a day at the beach just meters from where the bodies of two drowned Roma girls were laid out on the sand . Photographs of the dead Roma girls on a beach caused outrage in Italy . Italian news agency ANSA reported that the incident had occurred on Saturday at the beach of Torregaveta , west of Naples , southern Italy , where the two girls had earlier been swimming in the sea with two other Roma girls . Reports said they had gone to the beach to beg and sell trinkets . Local news reports said the four girls found themselves in trouble amid fierce waves and strong currents . Emergency services responded 10 minutes after a distress call was made from the beach and two lifeguards attended the girls upon hearing their screams . Two of them were pulled to safety but rescuers failed to reach the other two in time to save them . Watch why the photos have generated anger " The Web site of the Archbishop of Naples said the girls were cousins named Violetta and Cristina , aged 12 and 13 . Their bodies were eventually laid out on the sand under beach towels to await collection by police . Photographs show sunbathers in bikinis and swimming trunks sitting close to where the girls ' feet can be seen poking out from under the towels concealing their bodies . A photographer who took photos at the scene told CNN the mood among sunbathers had been one of indifference . Other photos show police officers lifting the bodies into coffins and carrying them away past bathers reclined on sun loungers . "  While the lifeless bodies of the girls were still on the sand , there were those who carried on sunbathing or having lunch just a few meters away , " Italian newspaper La Repubblica reported . Corriere della Sera said that a crowd of curious onlookers that had formed around the bodies quickly dispersed . "  Few left the beach or abandoned their sunbathing . When the police from the mortuary arrived an hour later with coffins , the two girls were carried away between bathers stretched out in the sun . " The incident also attracted condemnation from the Archbishop of Naples , Cardinal Crecenzio Seppe . "  Indifference is not an emotion for human beings , " Seppe wrote in his parish blog . "  To turn the other way or to mind your own business can sometimes be more devastating than the events that occur . " Recent weeks have seen heightened tensions between Italian authorities and the country 's Roma minority amid a crackdown by Silvo Berlusconi 's government targeting illegal immigrants and talk by government officials of a "  Roma emergency " that has seen the 150,000-strong migrant group blamed for rising street crime . That has provided justification for police raids on Roma camps and controversial government plans to fingerprint all Roma -- an act condemned by the European Parliament and United Nations officials as a clear act of racial discrimination . Popular resentment against Romanies has also seen Roma camps near Naples attacked and set on fire with petrol bombs by local residents . In a statement published on its Web site , the Italian civil liberties group EveryOne said Saturday 's drowning had occurred in an atmosphere of "  racism and horror " and cast doubt on the reported version of events , suggesting that it appeared unusual for the four girls to wade into the sea , apparently casting modesty aside and despite being unable to swim . "  The most shocking aspect of all this is the attitude of the people on the beach , " the statement said . "  No one appears the slightest upset at the sight and presence of the children 's dead bodies on the beach : they carry on swimming , sunbathing , sipping soft drinks and chatting . " CNN 's Jennifer Eccleston contributed to this report .	Italian outrage over photos of sunbathers at a beach where two Roma girls drowned Photos showed girls ' bodies lying on sand covered in beach towels Newspapers report beach goers eating lunch , sun bathing as bodies carried away Incident occurred amid heightened tensions between authorities , Roma minority
The family of a man who picked up a BB gun for sale at an Ohio Walmart and was shot dead by police has filed a federal lawsuit , claiming that the corporation and police are responsible for his death . John Crawford III was black , and his family 's lawyers Tuesday mentioned Eric Garner , Tamir Rice and Michael Brown as they announced the suit -- evoking cases that have stirred international outrage because the three also were black and killed by police officers . Grand juries chose not to indict officers in those cases , just as they decided not to indict police involved in Crawford 's death in Beavercreek . The shooting happened August 5 . Crawford was shopping at Walmart and picked up a BB gun that was n't packaged and had been sitting on the store shelf for two days , the Crawford family 's lawyers said Monday . Cops killed man at Walmart , then interrogated girlfriend Attorney Michael Wright said his legal team filed a federal civil lawsuit against two police officers ; Beavercreek 's police chief ; the city of Beavercreek and its Police Department ; and Walmart . Wright told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " Tuesday that race might have played a role in the shooting . "  We believe that had Mr. Crawford been white , he may have gotten a little bit more time to respond to the police officers , " he said . "  These officers came in , saw Mr. Crawford and shot him on sight . They did n't give him the opportunity to live . " Officer with place in local history The two officers are Sgt. David M. Darkow and Officer Sean C. Williams , who is also "  involved in the only other fatal police shooting in the history of the Beavercreek Police Department , " according to the lawsuit . The officers and their attorneys could n't be immediately reached for comment Tuesday . Walmart spokesman Brian Nick expressed condolences to Crawford 's family and to relatives of a mother who fled the scene of the police shooting with her daughter , had a heart attack and later died . The manner of death for shopper Angela Williams , 37 , was ruled a homicide because she died while "  fleeing and running " from the chaos inside the Walmart , Greene County Coroner 's Office chief investigator William Harden told CNN affiliate WHIO . "  Our condolences go out to the families who lost loved ones , " Walmart 's Nick said . "  Out of respect for everyone involved , we believe it 's not appropriate to discuss the specifics of this matter , but we can say that our associates acted properly . We take the safety and security of our stores very seriously so that Walmart remains a safe shopping experience for our customers . " In September , an Ohio grand jury decided not to indict the police officers . But Beavercreek City Manager Michael Cornell and police Chief Dennis Evers have requested that the FBI review the case to determine whether there were civil rights violations . The Justice Department is investigating the police shooting . Despite that willingness for a federal investigation , the city of Beavercreek and its Police Department expressed confidence they will prevail in the latest litigation . "  We acknowledge the family 's right to bring this action and are confident the trial will be fair and impartial . We believe the evidence will prove that the officer 's actions were legally justified , " the city said in a statement . Ohio 's open carry law The lawsuit asserts Crawford was an innocent shopper whom police gunned down . "  Mr. Crawford never used , loaded or pointed the pellet rifle at anyone , was doing nothing improper or illegal , and never caused any harm or acted in a manner that would cause any reasonable person to believe that he may cause harm , " the suit said . Williams and Darkow were responding to a 911 call about "  a gentleman walking around with a gun in the store , " pointing it at people and "  waving it back and forth , " according to a recording of the call . The suit contends that the two officers "  failed to take steps to assess whether any of the information provided by the 911 caller or dispatcher was accurate before Williams shot and killed Mr. Crawford , though they had an obligation to do so . " Ohio concealed carry laws do n't regulate "  open " care of firearms , so the open carry of firearms is "  a legal activity in Ohio , " the state 's attorney general office says . As such , the lawsuit contends , Crawford "  was doing nothing wrong and in violation of no law or ordinance in the moments leading up to his death " and "  was doing what people do in stores -- shop . " When the two officers located Crawford , "  he was talking on a cell phone held in his right hand , with no other customers in his vicinity , and with his left side and back visible to the two police officers . Mr. Crawford was holding the Pellet Rifle in his left hand pointed down at the floor , " the suit contends . Shot in a second Williams shot and killed Crawford "  approximately one second after Defendant Williams or Darkow first made contact with him , " the suit said . "  As a result , Mr. Crawford was shot before he even had time to react to the officer 's presence , much less to comply with any verbal commands Defendants Williams or Darkow may have made . " The Crawford family is seeking at least $ 75,000 in compensatory damages and an unstated amount for punitive damages , the suit said . The family alleges , among other things , that the police officers did not use due diligence to determine that Wright was n't a threat ; that the officers did n't give him enough time to put down the weapon ; and that Walmart was negligent because the air rifle had been resting on a shelf , unpackaged and unsecured , for at least two days , the family 's lawyers said Tuesday . The suit also accuses the police chief of failing to properly train and supervise the two officers . Crawford was the father of a baby son , Jayden , born last March , the suit said .	John Crawford III may have gotten the chance to live if he 'd been white , attorney says Walmart expresses condolences , wo n't discuss incident specifics Crawford 's family seeks $ 75,000 in compensatory damages City and police say "  evidence will prove officer 's actions were legally justified "
CNN  -- A hot night in Beirut and hipsters , dressed to kill , dance the night away . A DJ plays in a bar in Gemayzeh -- one of the few areas in Beirut where nightlife continues A few years ago this scene would have played out across the city . Now , soldiers line the pavements and night time revelers are more likely to hear the sporadic crack of gunshots than dance music beats . While trendy districts of Beirut like Gemayzeh are valiantly carrying on as usual , the nation 's critical political and economic situation is hard to ignore . "  The Lebanese have this vibrance for life , this addiction for life , and the people just really want to exclude themselves from the political scene , " Mazen Hajjar , owner of 961 Brewery . It is a devastating political scene culminating in the current parliamentary deadlock which has blocked the election of a new president and put the economy on ice . "  Our best export from the country is now exporting our highly educated young men and women . We are losing them at the rate of six to seven thousand a month , " said Fadi Abboud , President of the Association of Lebanese Industrialists . The Lebanese who have chosen to stay are uncertain and fearful of war . They are staying in and saving money in case the political situation deteriorates . In spite of the discouraging climate , young entrepreneur Mazen Hajjar is bucking the trend with his 961 micro-brewery . "  We 're doing very , very well , " he said , "  We 're looking very much like a lot of our counterparts to now start expanding internationally , " continued Hajjar . But then Hajjar is not short of nerve . He started 961 Brewery -- which is named after Lebanon 's international dialing code -- during the 2006 Hezbollah war with Israel . 961 Brewery is an example of the complicated economic situation in Lebanon where some industries thrive and others fail . Construction is another industry which is booming while others go bust . Fuelled by low interest rates and Gulf oil money , it is growing at around 30 to 40 percent a year . Fears of more sectarian violence and another war with Israel are ever present -- and they are the kiss of death for sensitive industries like tourism . The Lebanese are renowned for their love of a good time and Beirut 's club scene used to attract tourists and partygoers from all over the region . Tourists from Kuwait and Bahrain used to spend as much money on Lebanon 's ski slopes in the winter as on its beaches in summer . But recently their governments advised tourists not to travel there . Saudi Arabia , Lebanon 's main bankroller , has also warned its citizens to steer clear of the unstable country . Shopkeepers are missing the custom of Saudis and Emiratis who are known for the extravagance of their purchases and hoteliers have noticed a big drop in occupancy rates . According to the General Union of Arab Chambers of Commerce , losses in the Lebanese tourism sector over the past two and a half years have run to $ 2.2 bn . Lebanon 's beleaguered industrialists have also been hit hard by the political turmoil . They claim they are being ruined by high , unsubsidized energy costs and war damage . This has meant factories have closed and workers laid off . "  We are the Phoenicans for God 's sake . We invented glass . It is now not commercial to produce glass , ceramics , plastics , building materials and bricks . All intensive energy industries are suffering and they have no future , " Abboud told CNN . Criticisms have been leveled at the Greater Arab Free Trade Area  GAFTA  for failing to put any measures in place to support Lebanon during this time . The complicated nature of Lebanon 's economic situation means that relief is coming from an unexpected source -- the country 's huge diaspora . Lack of stability may be keeping the expatriate population from returning home but it does n't stop them from sending back money -- roughly $ 6 bn a year which makes up around a quarter of the country 's GDP . This money can not keep the economy afloat indefinitely and the political problems must be solved before any long-term solutions can be found to the economic issues . Nicholas Chammas , an eminent strategy consultant based in the country thinks Lebanon must rethink even more radically than that . "  We can not defy gravity indefinitely . Lebanon has to go back to basics . We can not function as we used to do before the war , or even 10 years ago . We have to change gears . We have to reinvent the Lebanese economy . " E-mail to a friend	Lebanon is famous for its nightlife but political deadlock is wrecking the sector Uncertainty is discouraging tourists but real estate and construction are growing It is all part of Lebanon 's complex economic landscape -- neither boom nor bust What can Lebanon do to solve its political problems and get ailing sectors off ice
CNN  -- A Boston grand jury has subpoenaed two more men to testify Thursday in its ongoing investigation into whether former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez is connected to an unsolved double homicide in Boston last year . Alexander Bradley and John Alcorn Jr. were ordered to answer the questions of a grand jury investigating the fatal drive-by shooting of Daniel Abreu , 29 , and Safiro Furtado , 28 , outside a Boston nightclub in July 2012 . Bradley , however , failed to appear before Superior Court Judge Joan Alexander in Hartford , Connecticut , on Tuesday to respond to the subpoena , and the judge issued an arrest warrant for him , according to court officials . Hernandez pleads not guilty Bradley 's New York-based attorney , David Jaroslawicz , told CNN he was n't aware of the warrant or the subpoena and declined to say whether he has talked with his client about the grand jury matter . Bradley filed a civil suit against Hernandez in federal court , saying the former football player shot him in the face , causing Bradley to lose sight in one eye , after the men visited a strip club in Miami earlier this year , according to the lawsuit . In July , Bradley testified before a separate grand jury in Fall River , Massachusetts , that later indicted Hernandez on a charge of murder in the death of a friend , Odin Lloyd , June 17 . Hernandez pleaded not guilty last week to that charge and weapons counts . Alcorn , 21 , from Hernandez 's hometown of Bristol , Connecticut , became involved in the investigation last month , when a friend of his , Jailene Diaz , told police a gun found in her car after a crash may have belonged to Alcorn and his friends , according to police documents obtained by CNN . Hernandez investigation turns to fiancee 's actions Law enforcement sources told CNN the .38 - caliber handgun was identified by ballistics tests as the murder weapon in the unsolved Boston double homicide . Investigators have also confiscated an SUV that law enforcement sources say is believed to be linked to the deaths . The vehicle is registered to Hernandez . It was found parked in the garage of Hernandez 's uncle in Bristol after Lloyd was killed . Alcorn is related to T.L. Cummings , a man who used to live at the same uncle 's home . Cummings , who died in a car crash in June , was married to Hernandez 's cousin Tanya Singleton . Singleton is jailed on a contempt of court indictment for refusing to testify before a grand jury in the Hernandez murder investigation . Hernandez 's lawyers have asked a federal judge in Miami to stay Bradley 's civil lawsuit pending the resolution of the murder case against the fallen football star .	Alexander Bradley and John Alcorn Jr. are ordered to answer questions The grand jury is looking into a 2012 double homicide in Boston Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez is suspected of being involved in the deaths Hernandez has been indicted on a charge of murder in the death of another man
Washington  CNN  -- A competitor of the Coca-Cola Company can bring a private lawsuit against the beverage giant over allegations of false advertising in a juice product , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled Thursday . The 8-0 decision is a win for Pom Wonderful , a California-based firm . It claimed Coke 's Minute Maid brand was cheating consumers through deceptive labeling in its Pomegranate Blueberry beverage , which the court said "  in truth ... contains but 0.3 % pomegranate juice and 0.2 % blueberry juice . " At issue was whether one federal law regulating and enforcing food labeling preempted or overrode efforts by private parties to bring lawsuits under a separate federal law . Those two laws are the Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act , or FDCA , and the Lanham Act . "  Nothing in the text , history , or structure of the FDCA or the Lanham Act shows the congressional purpose or design to forbid these  private  suits , " Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the unanimous court . "  Quite to the contrary , the FDCA and the Lanham Act complement each other in the federal regulation of misleading food and beverage labels . Competitors , in their own interest , may bring Lanham Act claims like POM 's that challenge food and beverage labels that are regulated by the FDCA . " Lower courts had sided with Georgia-based Coca-Cola , a global brand . But the justices concluded that while the federal government can go after misleading labels , private parties can also challenge "  practices that allegedly mislead and trick consumers . " POM Wonderful , which produces pomegranate juices and products , has also faced allegations of deceptive advertising . It was separately sued by the Federal Trade Commission in 2010 , for making "  false and unsubstantiated " health claims , and the agency had asked POM to remove the claims from its ads . The current case is POM Wonderful LLC v. Coca Cola Company  12-761  . Justice Stephen Breyer did not participate in deciding this appeal .	Pom Wonderful has accused a Coke brand of deceptive labeling At issue was whether a labeling law clashed with private efforts to sue under a separate law The laws "  complement each other " in regulating misleading food and drink labels , court says
CNN -- When Apple launched its App Store last summer , few imagined it would reach today 's numbers so quickly , if ever . Auto-apps could become the next way to customize your ride . The store now hosts over 85,000 titles and has passed 2 billion downloads . Even Apple is surprised . Now the concept of the app store has spread like a virus among competitors . It 's also reached seemingly unrelated industries , like automobiles and TV set-top boxes . The App Store taps the creative energy of entrepreneurial developers . Whether they 're big or small , they can make money through it , even though the challenges for them can be considerable . For consumers , the App Store offers third-party applications  free or charged  that can be downloaded or synched onto an iPhone or iPod Touch . Apple takes 30 percent of a paid app 's revenue and charges developers an annual fee to use the iPhone software development kit and upload apps to the store . But the rest goes to developers , some of whom have profited handsomely from their creations . Many companies now offer something similar to the App Store , if not in whole then in part . Even if none has yet come close to Apple 's numbers -- or , arguably , its design achievements -- the spread of the app store idea is undeniable . "  It seems like every company remotely related to technology is embracing the app store craze , " notes IT expert Tony Bradley in a blog post for PC World . Handset makers now offering software stores include Palm , Nokia , Sony-Ericsson , and BlackBerry-maker Research in Motion . On the platform side , Google 's Android and Microsoft 's Windows Mobile -- competitors to the iPhone OS -- each have an app store now . Nintendo and Sony , the traditional powers in gaming gadgets , have also launched app stores , for their DSi and PSP handhelds , respectively . Apple is now their competitor thanks to all the iPhone games . The chipmaker Intel announced last month that it 's setting up multiple app stores through partners like Acer and Asus to encourage independent developers to create apps for netbooks and handhelds based on its processors . For Twitter , a startup called Oneforty is trying to position itself as the unofficial "  app store " for tie-in services . Cellular operators , wary of becoming "  dumb pipes , " are n't sitting idly by . Verizon , Vodafone , Orange , and others getting in on the action with their own app stores . Not every company is a natural fit for creating app stores , so another market is forming for firms that help set them up . A firm called GetJar has helped Sony Ericsson and the cellular carriers Optimus  in Portugal  and 3  in the UK  with app stores . Amdocs and Comverse , which already provide various services to carriers , have added "  app store provider " to their offerings . Other firms are helping developers deal with the sudden rash of app stores . A California startup called GoldSpot Media recently launched miApp , designed to let developers "  design once , deploy in any app store . " Of course they were n't thinking about app stores outside the mobile space when they wrote that tagline . From hand-held to real-world Few anticipated the app store meme spreading to cars , for instance , but Atlanta-based Hughes Telematics says it 's helping automakers prepare app stores for drivers . For safety , some of these apps would use an audio-only interface for drivers , or be usable only by passengers or when parked , notes Kevin Link , a vice president with the company : "  Automotive applications must consider driver distraction , network security , and reliability within the vehicle . " But the possibilities are tantalizing and include taking pictures of a thief in action , playing catch-up audio clips of TV shows , deciphering that obscure Check Engine light , and remotely starting the engine or resetting the car alarm . Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones , as well as from within the vehicle itself . Hughes Telematics ca n't reveal too many specifics about upcoming app stores because their rollouts depend on the schedules of the carmakers . And many details have yet to be worked out , notes Link , such as how revenues will be split with the developers . An app store of sorts will also be offered later this year by Roku , which sells a TV set-top box that connects to your broadband connection and brings online content to your living room . The box already lets customers order Netflix movies . With the upcoming app store , online content normally reserved for computers will be easily accessed over the TV . Possibilities include video and audio podcasts and photo-sharing destinations . As with the App Store , the idea is to let any developer  most likely a content owner in this case  offer their product through the platform . "  What an open platform does is create an opportunity for any content owner or content aggregator that has access to content , to make that content available for viewing on the TV , " notes company spokesperson Brian Jaquet . Between six and 12 new apps , or channels , will be offered by the end of this year , he adds , and more will follow . Of course exactly what will follow is unclear because -- as with the other App Store-like offerings -- the only real limit is the imaginations of developers . Stay tuned .	Apple 's ` Apps Store ' has become hugely successful and mimicked by others Away from hand-held gadgets , apps being developed for cars and TV set-top boxes Such apps could be accessed through home computers or smart phones
San Diego  CNN  -- Phil Mickelson has apologized , which is the right thing to do when you do something wrong . Yet I ca n't accept his apology , since I still have n't figured out what the champion golfer did that was so wrong . Let me tee up this story . My fellow San Diego-area resident has been thinking a lot about taxes . And he 's done some of his thinking out loud . Two weeks ago , during a conference call with reporters , the golfer made a passing reference to being concerned about "  what 's gone on the last few months politically . " Last week , another reporter asked Mickelson to elaborate and he said : "  There are going to be some drastic changes for me because I happen to be in that zone that has been targeted both federally and by the state , and it does n't work for me right now . So I 'm going to have to make some changes . " It seems that the California native is thinking about leaving the Golden State and heading somewhere more welcoming to high-income earners . That 's it : Mickelson hinted that he might move his family to another state . And he got hammered for it . What does he think this is -- a free country ? The golfer claims that he pays about 60 % of his income in combined local , state , and federal taxes . That figure seems impossibly high at first . But -- as an article in CNN Money pointed out -- with a new federal tax rate of 39.6 % on income over $ 450,000 , and a top state tax rate in California of 12.3 % on income above $ 1 million , and a 1 % state surcharge for mental health on income above $ 1 million , and a 3.8 % state surcharge for Medicare on earnings above $ 250,000 , Mickelson 's tax bill adds up in a hurry . The article estimates that Mickelson 's tax rate is closer to 53 % . But the golfer was talking about taxes in the broadest possible sense . You should also factor in the Social Security taxes shouldered by the self-employed , the property taxes he pays to San Diego County for his home in the ritzy enclave of Rancho Santa Fe , where homes can cost $ 15 million , and any municipal taxes he pays to City Hall . In 2012 , Mickelson earned about $ 60 million , most of it from product endorsements . Let 's say that he earns the same amount in 2013 , and assume that he pays at least 50 % of his income in taxes . That would mean Lefty 's tax bill for next year would ring up at about $ 30 million . That would leave him about $ 30 million after taxes . Whatever the exact amount of taxes that Mickelson is paying , it 's hard to feel sorry for someone with those sorts of earnings when the rest of us would love to have those problems . The backlash was significant enough for Mickelson -- no doubt at the urging of his fleet of lawyers , accountants , managers , agents and public relations specialists -- to call for a mulligan . He issued a mea culpa just one day later . "  Finances and taxes are a personal matter , and I should not have made my opinions on them public , " Mickelson said in a statement . "  I apologize to those I have upset or insulted , and assure you I intend not to let it happen again . " I hate that he apologized . I suppose that part of it has to do with my job description . As an opinion writer , I upset people all the time . I 've been known to offend more people before breakfast than some people do all day . But since when did Americans have the right to life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness -- and the right to never be offended by something that someone else says ? Which brings us to what this story is really about . It 's not about taxes that are so high that bank robbers should ask the tax collector for lessons , or politicians who try to pay for runaway spending meant to ingratiate them with constituents by "  soaking the rich , " or how the wealthy have no right to complain about paying taxes . All this is a sideshow . The story of how "  Lefty " wound up in a rhetorical sand trap is all about freedom of expression . It 's about freedom of speech . It 's about freedom -- period . How ironic that this story broke the same week that President Obama , in his second inaugural address , talked about how "  while freedom is a gift from God , it must be secured by his people here on Earth " and how , as Americans , "  our interests and our conscience compel us to act on behalf of those who long for freedom " and how we should "  answer the call of history and carry into an uncertain future that precious light of freedom . " Where did Mickelson 's freedom go ? The story of the golfer and his taxes is , first and foremost , about being free to have your say even when it -- oh dear ! -- offends someone . Or , in this case , when it 's politically inconvenient for the tax-and-spend crowd to hear . To their ears , this kind of talk is subversive . If the "  super wealthy " complain about paying taxes , before you know it , the "  wealthy " will decide their taxes are too high as well . Then it 'll spread to the merely "  well-to-do . " That 's why these outbursts have to be nipped in the bud . In the end , this story is less about what Mickelson pays in taxes than the price the entire country is paying for our oversensitivity whenever someone says something controversial . It 's about where we have arrived in this country -- where we 've convinced ourselves that we 're entitled to go through life never having to confront an opinion on any subject that is different from the ones we hold . A couple of years ago , I heard from a reader who said : "  You know , I used to agree with much of what you wrote , and I looked forward to reading your column . But lately , we just disagree too much , so I 'm going to stop reading . " That 's one way to go . We can all follow suit and surround ourselves only with opinions we agree with . But let 's not kid ourselves . Wherever that road leads , it is n't to a better and more enlightened society . Phil Mickelson does n't owe us an apology . We owe him one . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Phil Mickelson apologized for comments criticizing tax rates he has to pay Ruben Navarrette : Mickelson is entitled to his views , why apologize ? He says people need to be more willing to hear alternate points of view
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo is to play in a special benefit match for the victims of the Madeira floods and mudslides which have claimed the lives of at least 42 people . The world 's most expensive player has made himself available for a game between Portuguese champions Porto and a joint team from Madeira-based clubs Nacional and Maritimo . No date has yet been set for the match , but Ronaldo has said he will help in "  whatever possible way " after the tragic events of the weekend . Porto coach Jesualdo Ferreira added : "  Porto want to express their condolences for all that has happened and , as a club , do everything necessary to help Madeira . " Real Madrid forward Ronaldo was born and grew up in Madeira and has a special football center named after him , which is next to the Nacional stadium . The 24-year-old paid his own tribute after scoring the first goal in Real 's 6-2 rout of Villarreal on Sunday , lifting his shirt to reveal a t-shirt bearing the name "  Madeira " on the chest . "  Nobody can be indifferent to such a tragedy , especially me , " Ronaldo told the official Real Madrid Web site , www.realmadrid.com . "  I was born and raised on the island . It 's given me so much . This is why I want to make myself available to help in whatever possible way . "  I would like to help official bodies and organizations to minimize the effects of this great tragedy and to get over them as soon as possible . " Former World Player of the Year Ronaldo moved to Real Madrid from Manchester United in the summer for a record $ 120 million fee .	Cristiano Ronaldo to play in special benefit match for victims of the Madeira floods Ronaldo will turn out for a joint Nacional-Maritimo team against Portugal champions Porto Ronaldo was born and grew up on the Portuguese holiday island
CNN  -- Bordeaux clinched the French league title with a 1-0 win over Caen on a dramatic final day of the season . Bordeaux 's fans celebrate their first French league title in 10 years . Laurent Blanc 's men were ending Lyon 's seven-year hold on the domestic championship and winning Bordeaux 's first title in 10 years . A goal from Yoan Gouffran early in the second half secured their 11th straight win and their second trophy of the season having won the French League Cup in April . The defeat saw Caen drop to the second flight and kept Bordeaux three points clear of second-placed Marseille who won 4-0 at home to Rennes to keep up the pressure to the last . Senegal international striker Mamadou Niang scored twice with Ivory Coast star Bakari Kone also on target , but it was not enough . Lyon closed their season with a 0-0 draw at Toulouse and their third place finish secures a place in the qualifying round for the Champions League . Once mighty Nantes also went down despite a 2-1 win over Auxerre , but St.Etienne stayed up with a 4-0 win over Valenciennes . In the Spanish Primera Liga , Atletico Madrid thrashed Almeria 3-0 to clinch a spot in the Champions League next season . Diego Forlan all but sealed the honor of finishing top scorer in the league with the opener for Atletico , his 32nd of the season , by rounding off the scoring for Atletico . Sergio Aguero , reportedly a target for Premier League Chelsea , gave them a 19th-minute lead with Raul Garcia scoring the second . The win draws Atletico level on points with third placed Sevilla , who close their season , but staying two points clear of fifth-placed Villarreal , 3-2 winners over Real Mallorca in their final match . European champions Barcelona , who had already clinched the Spanish title , finished their season with a 1-1 draw at Deportivo La Coruna . Rodolfo Bodipo put Depo ahead in the first half with Samuel Eto'o equalizing with a minute left . It leaves Barcelona with a record tally of 87 points from 38 points , well clear of arch-rivals and deposed champions Real Madrid . Besiktas won the Turkish league title with a 2-1 win over Denizlispor as nearest rivals Sivasspor lost 2-1 to last year 's champions Galatasaray . It was the 11th championship for Besiktas , but first since 2003 . They also won the Turkish Cup .	Bordeaux beat relegated Caen 1-0 to clinch the French league title Marseille finish runners-up despite 4-0 home win over Rennes Atletico Madrid clinch Champions League spot from Primera Liga Besiktas claim Turkish league title with 2-1 win over Denizlispor
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Three of the top four vote-getters in Sunday 's parliamentary elections in Greece will meet Tuesday at the presidential palace to form a coalition government , an official with the socialist party Pasok told CNN . The official spoke not for attribution because the talks were at a critical juncture . "  As wide as possible cooperation ... should happen at the latest tomorrow evening , " said Evangelos Venizelos , head of the Pasok Party , which placed third . The center-right New Democracy Party took first place in the vote . Its candidate , Antonis Samaras , has three days to cobble together a government . "  There should be government of national salvation with as many parties as possible , " Samaras told reporters . Democratic Party of the Left 's leader , Fotis Kouvelis , held talks Monday that the New Democracy leader described as "  constructive . " The party 's platform has supported the bailouts while seeking to renegotiate the terms . With almost all ballots counted , New Democracy had won nearly 30 % of the vote , the Interior Ministry said . That gives the party 129 seats in the country 's 300-seat parliament , forcing it to seek other coalition members from the fragmented field to form a majority . Alexis Tsipras , the leader of the leftist Syriza party , which came in second , met with Samaras but said Monday he would not back a coalition . "  History and the people will judge them by their results , " Tsipras said of the parties backing the existing bailout deal with the creditors who are keeping Greece afloat . "  Shortly we will be vindicated . " What will Greek elections mean for the country 's future ? He said his party 's nearly 27 % showing had forced Greek leaders to realize the bailout is "  nonviable , " and said Syriza would press as a member of the opposition for the bailouts to be scrapped . An official with Syriza told CNN that no one from the party was planning to attend the meeting . Syriza , which campaigned against the terms of the bailout , got 71 seats . Pasok , which long dominated Greek politics , won 33 . Four smaller parties took fewer than two dozen seats each . The vote was widely seen as a referendum on whether Greece should remain in the euro , the currency used by 325 million people across 17 countries in Europe . The possibility of a "  no " vote roiled world markets , with some analysts warning that the collapse of the euro would cost $ 1 trillion . Asian markets reacted positively to the election results , while European and U.S. markets were mixed . Samaras said he would build a government of "  parties that believe in the nation 's European orientation , that believe in the euro . " But he acknowledged that government budget cuts forced on the country by international lenders have caused suffering among Greeks . A wild election weekend for Greece , France and Egypt The new government will have to make changes "  in order for the Greek people to escape the torturous reality of unemployment and unbelievable difficulties that every Greek family faces today , " Samaras said after meeting with the president . He faces a new round of coalition talks , six weeks after a previous election that failed to produce a government . International bailouts have kept Greece from defaulting in the face of an ongoing recession and low tax revenue , but lenders have demanded hugely unpopular government budget cuts in exchange . Eurozone finance ministers praised the election results , "  which should allow for the formation of a government that will carry the support of the electorate to bring Greece back on a path of sustainable growth . " Some observers had predicted that efforts to renegotiate the bailout could lead to a run on Greek banks and deeper misery . The future of Europe : 3 scenarios "  Do n't underestimate the capacity of the Greek people to rise to the occasion , " Petros Doukas , a former New Democracy lawmaker and deputy finance minister , told CNN . "  What 's very clear is the Greeks today voted , including those that voted for Syriza , in favor of the euro and the European Union , " Doukas said . He predicted that Greece could negotiate better terms with its creditors , who understand "  that you can only squeeze so much so fast out of a country and out of its people . " Greeks have been suffering under painful austerity measures , high unemployment and a long-running recession . The country must identify additional budget cuts by the end of June to be considered compliant with the terms of its bailout . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Europe 's powerful advocate for balancing budgets to build a strong basis for economic growth , had urged Greeks not to walk away from the international loan deals . "  We will stick to the agreements . That is the basis on which Europe will prosper , " she said Saturday . As economic crisis bites , Greece 's children pay the price CNN 's Penny Manis , Christine Theodorou , Lonzo Cook , Richard Quest , Matthew Chance , Irene Chapple , John Defterios and Diana Magnay contributed to this report .	Three of the top four vote-getters are to meet in the presidential palace Syriza party leader Alexis Tsipras says he will not attend Samaras , leader of center-right New Democracy , vows to put together a pro-euro coalition
Washington  CNN  -- You can describe it as a political convention or a carnival , but either way , all eyes are on the Conservative Political Action Conference this week . The three-day event -- better known by its initials , CPAC -- kicks off Thursday at National Harbor , a major convention center just outside of the nation 's capital . The conference is the largest annual gathering of conservative leaders and activists , and when there 's no Republican in the White House , it 's a must-attend cattle call for GOP presidential hopefuls looking to pass the conference 's conservative litmus test . CPAC will close Saturday with the much-watched results of the confab 's GOP presidential nomination straw poll . "  After the Super Bowl and the two parties ' national conventions , CPAC is the most covered event in the country , " Al Cardenas , chairman of the American Conservative Union , the organization that puts on the conference , told CNN . Latest developments "  It 's the only venue where thousands of activists get to see , back to back during our three-day conference , the likely 2016 leading GOP presidential candidates and begin to create perceptions which last through Election Day . " Among those addressing the crowd this year are nearly all the major names among the potential 2016 Republican White House contenders . They include Sens. Rand Paul of Kentucky , Marco Rubio of Florida , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee . Also speaking are Govs. Rick Perry of Texas , who ran for the Republican nomination in 2012 , Bobby Jindal of Louisiana and Chris Christie of New Jersey , who was n't invited last year because he was n't considered conservative enough . Inside Politics : Will CPAC be launch of Cruz 2016 ? Former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , who also ran for the White House in 2012 , and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who made a bid for the nomination in 2008 , are addressing the audience . And do n't forget about former Alaska Gov. and 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin and Donald Trump , who seem to be flirting with 2016 bids . "  The reason so many presidential hopefuls come to CPAC is because they get to take a measure of themselves before an activist audience , and that audience gets to take its measure of the potential candidates , " Republican communications strategist Keith Appell told CNN . "  CPAC still provides both the contenders and the pretenders these opportunities , " added Appell , a senior vice president at CRC Public Relations , a Washington , D.C. , PR firm that has had many conservative clients . Republican strategist Ana Navarro says this year 's colder and snowier-than-normal winter in the Washington area wo n't keep conservatives away . "  Thousands of people trek to snow - and ice-covered Washington for three days to listen to Republican leaders preach the gospel to the faithful . I 'd call that relevant . It 's a good platform to keep the Republican base , and many young people , energized and charged up , " said Navarro , a CNN contributor . CPAC changes mind , wo n't allow atheist group at conference CPAC has its critics Some conservatives say that CPAC has become too mainstream . "  I think CPAC is really RPAC these days and is as much , if not more , lobbyist oriented than grass-roots oriented . It is like church homecoming for the Republican Party , wrote Erick Erickson , co-founder of RedState.com and a leading voice on the right . And Rep. Steve King , an outspoken conservative from Iowa , said in a prepared statement that he "  will neither speak at nor attend the Conservative Political Action Conference . " Instead , King will join other conservatives in addressing a National Security Action Summit being held just a few blocks away from CPAC . Spotlight on Christie While most of the major potential 2016 contenders will address CPAC , two will be absent : Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush had previous business commitments , and Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin has events to attend in his home state . Both spoke at CPAC last year . While the spotlight 's on the speeches in the main ballroom , for the possible White House hopefuls , some of the real action is away from the cameras , in private meetings with top activists , strategists and rainmakers . One of those possible presidential contenders is Christie . The pragmatic Garden State governor , never popular with many in the party 's conservative base , was not invited to last year 's conference . CPAC organizers said Christie was snubbed because some of his positions were not conservative enough . Are controversies helping Christie with conservatives ? Christie is currently awash in allegations that some of his aides closed access lanes to the George Washington Bridge last September to punish the mayor of Fort Lee , New Jersey , for not endorsing Christie 's re-election . The governor has denied knowing anything about the gridlock until after it occurred and has said he knew nothing about any political mischief by members of his administration . While one tea party leader told CNN he was "  stunned " that Christie was invited this year , Cardenas , the American Conservative Union chairman , said the national media coverage of the controversies in New Jersey might help Christie with the party 's base , which does n't like to see Republicans attacked by the media , adding that the episode 's made conservatives "  kindred spirits with Gov. Christie . " While many conservatives may not be Christie fans , they like the mainstream media even less . "  I think Christie is going to get a good reception , maybe even better than he would have before the bridge thing . He 's a good , engaging , energetic speaker . He 's been under attack by mainstream media and Democrats everywhere . The enemy of my enemy is my friend , " added Navarro , the GOP strategist . Straw poll scrutiny The results of the CPAC straw poll are analyzed and scrutinized on TV and online . But the idea that the results are any kind of barometer of what will actually happen in the battle for the GOP nomination are extremely debatable . But the straw poll is useful . "  The straw poll is still more of a scrimmage of expectations . Beat the expectations , and you can generate a lot of buzz among the media and activists , " said Kevin Madden , a Republican strategist , CNN contributor and senior adviser to Mitt Romney in the former Massachusetts governor 's 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns . In 2007 , Romney , considered in tune with conservative activists at the time , made winning at CPAC a priority . And he met expectations with a straw poll victory . He won again in 2008 , narrowly edging out eventual GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain of Arizona , who was not a favorite of the conservative base . Romney won even though he ended his bid for the Republican nomination on the first day of the conference . Then-Rep . Ron Paul of Texas won the straw poll in 2010 and 2011 , in between his two bids for the GOP nomination . His victories were proof of the strong libertarian influence on the CPAC straw poll . Romney won in 2012 , as he was battling two more conservative candidates : Santorum and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich . Romney 's 2012 appearance is less remembered for his straw poll victory than for his description of himself as "  severely conservative " in his speech to the audience . Last year 's contest ended up being a two-person race , with Rand Paul winning the straw poll with 25 % of the vote , one percentage point ahead of Rubio . The 21 other people on the ballot were far behind , registering in single digits . This year , 26 names are on the straw poll ballot .	CPAC is the country 's largest gathering of conservative leaders and activists Most of the potential GOP 2016 candidates will speak to the conference Some conservatives are staying away from the conference , saying it 's too mainstream
Washington  CNN  A U.S. State Department official has been arrested on suspicion of soliciting sex from a minor . Daniel Rosen was arrested Tuesday at his Washington DC home , police in Fairfax County , Virginia , said . Authorities say Rosen had been communicating online with a female detective from the county 's child exploitation unit . The officer had been posing as a minor . When the detective arrived at Rosen 's home , he was arrested . Police said the State Department was notified after the arrest . Rosen was taken to a Washington jail and will be extradited to Fairfax County . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said she is aware of the case but did not identify the arrested . "  For issues related to Department personnel and for privacy reasons , we are not able to confirm the identity of the individual or specific charges , " Psaki said . "  His security clearance will be suspended , and he will be put on administrative leave while this proceeds to its end through any judicial process . "	Police : Daniel Rosen had been talking online to a female detective posing as a minor State Department : The employee 's security clearance will be suspended
The teacher stood in the classroom , face-to-face with his 16-year-old student , who was holding a shotgun . Ryan Heber , 40 , talked to the teen , trying to persuade him to end an armed assault in which one student had already been shot . Heber had no idea whether the student -- whose pockets were filled with ammunition -- would put the gun down or pull the trigger . Campus supervisor Kim Fields helped distract the teen , allowing other students in the classroom to escape , while Heber talked to him , according to CNN affiliate KGET . Eventually , the teen let go of the gun , and police took him into custody . That was how police described the frightening situation Thursday at Taft Union High School , about 30 miles outside Bakersfield , California . "  To stand there and face someone that has a shotgun , who 's already discharged it and shot a student , speaks volumes for these two young men and what they may have prevented , " Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said Thursday . Heber , however , hates the term hero . He told CNN Friday that he does n't want to be labeled anything except "  teacher . " Classes were canceled for Friday , the school website said , and on-campus counseling was being made available for students in the morning . The wounded student was in critical but stable condition Thursday night , and the shooter was in custody , police said . Heber and his wife , who also works at the school , visited the hospital Friday and met with the father of the victim . The name of the student in custody was not released . He will be charged as a juvenile with attempted murder , according to Youngblood , who added that prosecutors will decide whether he should be charged as an adult . Authorities searched his home , according to sheriff 's spokesman Ray Pruitt . Heber , who teaches science , is known as a well-liked teacher at the school , according to his father , David Heber . He is himself a graduate of Taft , where he played football and served as student body president . David Heber was n't surprised that his son played a key role in defusing the situation , saying Ryan Heber makes a point of getting to know his students -- including the suspected gunman -- on a personal level . "  Because he knows the boy and the boy knows him ... I attribute that to why the boy talked and listened to my son , " David Heber said . "  It 's all about kindness . It 's all about my son being kind and caring about his students that makes this successful . " David Heber also said his son , who was standing just a few feet away from the student who was shot , had been hit in the head with a shot pellet , but was fine and did n't seek treatment for it . Nonetheless , Ryan Heber will be coping mentally with a difficult situation , his father said , adding his son slept little Thursday night . "  This was a very upsetting incident , " David Heber said , describing his son as "  emotionally worn out . " "  It was hard for him . ... but he 's come to the conclusion that he did everything he could do . " Ryan Heber told CNN that it was n't just his students he was worried about as he faced the gunman -- it was also his wife , who works in the business office of the school , and his two sons , ages 5 and 3 , at home . As the school went into lockdown amid the shooting , Heber 's wife texted him from her office , reminding him to lock his classroom door . His response , according to his father , "  The shooter is in my room . " Ryan Heber said the ordeal has really made him want to come home to his family . The Taft shooting is the latest incident of gun violence that launched a fiery national debate over whether teachers should be armed . Last month the National Rifle Association called on communities to arm teachers or place armed guards in schools as a solution following a Newtown , Connecticut , shooting spree in which a 20-year-old gunman killed seven adults and 20 children at an elementary school . "  The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun , " said the NRA 's Wayne LaPierre . The idea has been rejected by teacher 's groups and mayors , including New York 's Michael Bloomberg , Boston 's Thomas Menino and Philadelphia 's Michael Nutter . Related : NRA clarifies its stance on arming schools The debate prompted CNN commenter Adika to weigh in Thursday , saying , "  So let me get this straight . The NRA wants to have police officers in schools ... yet an unarmed teacher talked a student into surrendering his gun . Besides being one heck of a hero , that teacher just might have some advice for the NRA . " Another CNN commenter , Frank455444 , countered : "  Well if the schools are armed and another nut shows up HE GETS SHOT ! PROBLEM SOLVED ! " In Utah it 's been legal for a dozen years for teachers to be armed in class . Since the law took effect , there have been no school shootings in the state , nor accidents or incidents involving educators ' firearms . Immediately after the Taft shooting Thursday , amid the frenzy of desperate parents coming to the school to retrieve their children , parents expressed concern about school security . "  It just goes to show you that we 're going to have to do a lot more to protect our students in this small town , " an unidentified parent told KGET . "  It might be a small environment , but there 's always that one bad apple . "	Teacher rejects the label "  hero " A well-liked science teacher persuades a student to give up his shotgun Also , a campus supervisor distracted the teen while other students escaped , police say Taft , California , high school classes are canceled Friday as students receive counseling
CNN  -- Before two pirate leaders departed the captured yacht where they held four Americans earlier this month , a maritime source says they left instructions : Kill the hostages if we do not come back from negotiations . U.S. officials later took the two negotiating pirates into custody -- a move that goes against standard negotiation practices , the maritime source said . The four Americans were later killed , but it is not clear why . Also not clear is when during the negotiations -- or why -- the Americans detained the two pirate negotiators . The pirates ' detention goes against standard negotiating practices , as the pirates came in good faith to make a deal to hand over the hostages , said the maritime source , who was briefed on the incident and has connections to British intelligence officials . The source asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the situation . U.S. Central Command declined to comment on whether officials detained the pirates and said the FBI and the Justice Department have the lead in the case . The Justice Department had no comment Sunday . On Friday , the FBI said there was no comment due to the continuing investigation . However , a U.S. government official told CNN the talks with the two pirate negotiators faltered when it was determined the men "  had no authority to negotiate anything . " American officials then took the men into custody rather then let them return to the yacht , the U.S. official said . "  It would be unfathomable to have put them back on the boat where they might have done harm to the hostages , " the official said , disagreeing with a published report that the detention of two fellow pirates might have upset those still aboard the captured yacht -- named the Quest -- who were holding four Americans . "  There was no change in mood , no escalation " and gunfire broke out on the Quest more than eight hours later , the U.S. official said . The official took issue with a New York Times report that said the FBI 's hostage negotiator aboard the USS Sterett decided the two Somalis were not serious about resolving the matter , which led U.S. officials to take the two men into custody and ask for a new representative from the pirates . According to the the U.S. official , who was not authorized to discuss the Quest hijacking on the record , the issue was not whether the two pirates were serious about negotiating , but that they lacked the power to cut a deal . The American side continued trying to negotiate via radio with those still aboard the yacht and made an offer , and were told by the suspects aboard the Quest they would sleep on the matter before providing a reply , the U.S. official said . The Navy also tried to contact Somalis on land who might be able to exert influence over the men holding the Quest . The FBI hostage negotiator is part of a special team based at Quantico , Virginia , and had field experience , the U.S. official said . It was unclear if that experience included any previous negotiations with Somali pirates . Americans Jean and Scott Adam , Phyllis Macay and Bob Riggle were found shot to death after U.S. forces boarded the Quest around 1 a.m. Tuesday , U.S. officials have said . The 58-foot yacht was being shadowed at the time by the military after pirates took it over off the coast of Oman on February 18 . U.S. forces had responded after a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at a U.S. Navy ship about 600 yards away -- and missed -- and the sound of gunfire could be heard on board the Quest , U.S. Navy Vice Admiral Mark Fox has said . The killings took place as negotiations involving the FBI were under way for the hostages ' release . When Fox spoke last week , he said two pirates boarded a U.S. Navy ship Monday for talks . He told reporters he had no information on details of the negotiations or whether a ransom had been offered . Two pirates were found dead on board the Quest , said Fox . In the process of clearing the vessel , U.S. forces killed two others , he said . Thirteen other pirates were captured and detained on the Quest , along with the other two already aboard the U.S. Navy ship . Fox said authorities believe the pirates were trying to get the vessel and hostages to Somalia , or at least into Somali territorial waters . Piracy has flourished recently off the coast of Somalia , which has not had an effective government for two decades . Globally , more than 50 pirate attacks have already taken place in 2011 . As of February 15 -- the most recent statistic posted on the International Maritime Bureau 's website , pirates were holding 33 vessels and 712 hostages . CNN 's Zain Verjee and Carol Cratty contributed to this report	NEW : A second source says two pirates were detained by U.S. forces Four Americans were killed after pirates hijacked their vessel Negotiations for their release had been under way , involving the FBI Two pirates had boarded a U.S. Navy ship Monday for talks
CNN  -- Israel , by necessity , has developed one of the most able security and intelligence apparatus in the world . There has been no necessity to develop a world-class political apparatus , however , and it shows . In a single week , the Israeli army 's chief of staff , the former head of internal security and the former head of external security have all publicly questioned Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's judgment on Iran . While the current army chief spoke narrowly about the Iranian government , the former security officials directed their fire at Israeli politicians . On Friday , the former internal security chief told an Israeli audience , "  I do n't believe in a leadership that makes decisions based on messianic feelings " -- and he was speaking not of Iran , but of Israel . Last week was Israel 's independence day , traditionally an occasion of pride and celebration . Instead , Israelis are in a deep funk . At its founding in 1948 , Israel seemed an improbable state . An ingathering of Jews from Eastern Europe , the Arab world and beyond had no real economy , no common language and no common idea of what it was to be an Israeli . Tensions between religious Jews and secular Jews , European Jews and Oriental Jews , and Jews and Arabs simmered for decades . They made accommodations in the name of survival , but few conceded the fight for control of the state . To hear many Israelis tell it now , their nation has become an impossible state . Politics are more contentious than ever . The Israeli welfare state is in full view , as the religious , the poor and the religious poor make increasing demands on the state . Prices are skyrocketing , and the public feels squeezed . A diminishing number of Israelis serve in the army , which once prided itself on universal conscription . Although the old distinctions between Polish and German Jews have faded , many Oriental Jews continue to feel disenfranchised , the rising political prominence of recent immigrants from the former Soviet Union has created another tribe in Israel , and the poor and disempowered Ethiopian Jews yet one more . Politics in Israel has always been a contact sport , but rather than battle to win over the center , an increasing number of political battles are conducted entirely on the fringes . Small religious parties seek greater social spending for their constituents , while a party representing secular Russian Jews focuses on undermining a law exempting ultra-Orthodox Israelis from military service . In election after election , the major parties ' share of the vote diminishes , leading to weak coalitions that are ideologically incoherent and that are forced to dole out Cabinet posts and largesse to their members to stay in power . Governments become tentative and fragile . The problems call for decisiveness , but the politicians rarely feel they can afford to be . For Israelis , Iran is an excruciating problem . They rely on intelligence that is never as good as they wish it to be , try to assess accurately actions of people they do n't know well and do so with potentially devastating consequences for a wrong move . Israelis also debate Iran with a clarity few other countries can muster : If bombs fell on Israel , how many people have access to fallout shelters ? Are the disastrous forest fires of 2010 a sign that Israel 's disaster response is simply not up to the task of a military confrontation ? What would a military confrontation look like anyway , and could it be won ? Israel 's last war against another state 's army was almost 40 years ago . Its subsequent confrontations have had less clear results . The Israeli political class struggles to consider these issues and more . Should Israel do more to seek peace with the Palestinians ? Can it reverse increasingly hostile relations with Turkey ? Is a wealth of recently discovered natural gas in the Mediterranean the country 's economic salvation ? Can Israel do anything about shifting politics in Egypt and the rest of the Arab world that are sidelining pragmatists who sought an accommodation with Israel ? And more fundamentally , what is it to be a Jewish state when Israelis themselves can not agree on who is the arbiter of Jewishness ? None of these problems is especially new , but the political forces in Israel seem increasingly unable to confront them . Israelis have traditionally sought political salvation from former generals . Many of Israel 's greatest political personalities , from Yitzhak Rabin to Ariel Sharon , came out of the military establishment . For more than a decade , former leaders on the security front have tried to step forward to consolidate Israeli politics toward the middle . Former Gen. Yitzhak Mordechai formed the ill-fated Center Party in 1999 , and Sharon formed the centrist Kadima Party in 2005 . The security veterans ' recent critiques fit into the same pattern , and they may boost the political aspirations of newcomer Yair Lapid , whose background is in media rather than the battlefield . Yet tactics communicated at high volume are not the same as strategy , and Israelis increasingly complain that the former keep substituting for the latter . It is a sign of the vibrancy of Israeli political life that authoritative voices can come out and critique government policy . It is a sign of the weakness of Israeli politics that so many of Israel 's same problems persist and so many coalitions remain fragile . For many outside of Israel , it is Israel 's position on Iran that is truly consequential , and the rest is commentary . For Israelis , the roiling debate on Iran is just another example of the way Israeli politics work . Israeli politics are not likely to change quickly , and the challenges Israelis feel from Iran are not likely to go away quickly either . Therein lies the rub . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jon B. Alterman .	Jon Alterman says Israel has strong security system , but its political structure is fragile Ex-security chiefs lambasted Netanyahu on his hawkish Iran stance , causing an uproar Alterman : Israelis are in a funk , with dissension high among citizens and political figures Coalitions getting weaker , unable to deal with intractable problems such as Iran , he says
CNN  -- Floods have devastated the landscape of the state of Queensland , Australia , but they also present a high risk to the Great Barrier Reef . Stretching over 2,300 kilometers  1,430 miles  along the northeast coast of Australia , large parts of the southern Great Barrier Reef are "  flooded " with fresh water . Currently the biggest plumes of fresh water reach about 200 kilometers  124 miles  north from the mouths of the Fitzroy and Burnett Rivers , and stretch around 70 kilometers  43 miles  off the coast . "  These are extraordinary events . The whole of the inner-shore reef lagoon filled with river water , " says Jon Brodie , Principle Researcher for the James Cook University 's Australian Center for Tropical Freshwater Research . Brodie and his team regularly monitor the reefs and are immersed in studying the impact of the flood waters . Brodie describes the threat to many coral reefs closest to the flooding rivers as "  quite high " but expects the flood waters to affect in some way the reefs stretching from Frazer Island , 200 kilometers  124 miles  north of Brisbane , all the way to Cairns , 1,500 kilometers  930 miles  away . The prevailing tides and south easterly winds mean the flood waters will probably continue to head north . "  It 's quite remarkable to see . If you were to snorkel where the flood water meets the seawater and look to one side , the sea water will be clear with visibility to 50 meters while the other side is fresh , dirty brown water where visibility is down to one meter , " says Brodie . The mix of nutrients , sediment and pesticides from agricultural run-off , plus currently unknown amounts of trace metals from flooded mines , will likely have an immediately devastating impact on corals and sea grasses , says Brodie . Salinity could go down to ten parts per thousand or less and remain like that for weeks ; "  nothing can live in those conditions , " says Brodie . The immediate death of corals and sea grass is expected , which could then have a devastating affect on other marine creatures like dugongs that feed on sea grass . When the Fitzroy River  that flooded Rockhampton before Christmas  suffered severe flooding in 1991 , the corals and sea grasses around the Keppel Islands suffered 100 percent coral mortality . Bigger fishes can swim away from the deluge of fresh water , but smaller coral reef fish may suffer the same fate as the corals they live around , says Brodie . While corals can recover from "  bleaching "  when coral organisms die leaving what looks like a white skeletal structure  , it 's a slow process . Some recovery around the Keppel Islands was seen after 10 years , while other coral species and marine organisms were still recovering until the latest floods . Other marine species can actually benefit from floods . "  Some fish species thrive in the current flood plume conditions which can enhance productivity for some popular inshore species , " Andrew Skeat , General Manager of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority said in a press statement . Other unwanted long term effects can be algae blooms which can upset the reef ecosystems . "  It will take some time before the impacts of these flood plumes on the marine ecosystem and on the industries that use these areas are known , " said Skeat . Climate scientists have blamed the excessive rainfall the region has seen in the last month on the latest La Niña weather event . La Niña refers to the cooling of the central and eastern Pacific that drives wetter conditions in eastern Australia . Brodie agrees with the cause of the heavy rain : "  It was predicted . It certainly fits the pattern of severe weather events from climate change modeling . " Queensland suffered its wettest ever December , according to the Australian Bureau of Meteorology , during what it describes as a "  very strong " La Niña event in the Pacific Ocean . In June 2010 the bureau stated that La Niña was likely to have an affect on Australia by the end of that year . A previous La Niña event happened in 1974 when a record flood of the Brisbane River killed 14 people .	Flood water will have devastating affect on corals and sea grass in parts of Great Barrier Reef Flood water is full of sediment , pesticides and nutrients that kill corals Inshore coral reef lagoon region likely to be full of fresh water for weeks Coral reefs can take over a decade to recover from ` bleaching '
A stunning catalog of torture and the widespread abuse of even the weakest of North Koreans reveal a portrait of a brutal state "  that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world , " a United Nations panel reported Monday . North Korean leaders employ murder , torture , slavery , sexual violence , mass starvation and other abuses as tools to prop up the state and terrorize "  the population into submission , " the United Nations Commission of Inquiry on Human Rights  COI  in North Korea said in its report The commission said it would refer its findings to the International Criminal Court  ICC  for possible prosecution . It also sent a letter warning North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that he could face prosecution for crimes against humanity , and said other options include establishing of an ad hoc tribunal by the United Nations . Even before the report 's release , China , a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council and staunch ally of North Korea , has said it would not to allow human rights charges to proceed to the ICC . The almost yearlong investigation traced the abuses directly to the highest levels of the North Korean government while simultaneously blaming world leaders for sitting on their hands amid untold agony . The U.N. panel released its 400-page report after hearing from more than 320 witnesses in public hearings and private interviews . North Korea is a state , it concluded , "  that does not content itself with ensuring the authoritarian rule of a small group of people , but seeks to dominate every aspect of its citizens ' lives and terrorizes them from within . " "  The suffering and tears of the people of North Korea demand action , " commission Chairman Michael Kirby told reporters . The government of North Korea -- also known as the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , or DPRK -- rejected the report as a ginned-up effort to undermine its government . "  It is nothing more than an instrument of political plot aimed at sabotaging the socialist system by defaming the dignified images of the DPRK and creating an atmosphere of international pressure under the pretext of ` human rights protection , ' " the government said in a prepared statement . North Korea did not respond to requests for access to the country and information about its human rights practices , according to the commission . China had previously stated it would not approve human rights charges on North Korea to go to the International Criminal Court . On Monday , prior to the report 's release , a Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Hua Chunying said , "  Submitting human rights issues to the International Court of Justice wo n't help improve a country 's human rights condition . " She maintained that China advocates "  constructive dialogue and cooperation to resolve differences on human rights issues . " The commission of inquiry sought access to parts of China that border North Korea during the 11-month investigation , but was denied . The commission also requested a visit to Beijing to meet relevant officials and experts on North Korea issues -- a request that was also denied by China with the reasoning that based on its "  position on country-specific mandates , especially on the Korean peninsula , it would not be possible to extend an invitation to the Commission , " according to the report . In the report , the commission recommended that China abstain from forcibly repatriating North Koreans who 've escaped their country , due to the punishment they face once they are returned . Meanwhile , the U.S. State Department expressed support for the UN report and urged North Korea "  to take concrete steps -- as recommended by the -LSB- Commission of Inquiry -RSB- -- to improve the human rights situation for the North Korean people . " "  We look forward to thoroughly reviewing the report and discussing its recommendations with our partners , who share our deep concern about the human rights situation in North Korea . " The group Human Rights Watch released a statement saying that "  the devastating findings of this inquiry should not be ignored . " "  Since the crimes were perpetrated by state actors , only an international tribunal can properly carry out criminal investigations aimed at holding perpetrators accountable , " said Kenneth Roth , executive director at Human Rights Watch . During the compilation of the report one witness , a survivor of a North Korean prison camp , told the commission of seeing a guard beat a nearly starving woman who had recently given birth , then force the woman to drown her baby . Others told of being imprisoned for watching soap operas , trying to find food for their families , traveling without permission or having family members considered suspect by the government . "  Because we saw so many people die , we became so used to it , " one prison camp survivor told the commission . "  I 'm sorry to say that we became so used to it that we did n't feel anything . " Kirby that he hoped the report would galvanize the world to act . "  We can not say we did n't know , " he said . "  We now do know . "	U.N. report warns North Korean leader Kim Jong Un that he could be prosecuted Widespread abuses are meant to terrorize "  the population into submission , " panel says Group says it will refer its findings to the International Criminal Court North Korea calls the report fake , says it 's an effort to undermine the government
CNN  -- Three years ago , scenes of the Arab Spring broadcast across the globe showed women who appeared to be equal participants in the revolutions and their aftermath . These images of women taking such public positions -- from Tunisia to Egypt , Libya and Yemen -- took much of the world by surprise . But not Arabs . Despite the stereotype of them as an oppressed group , Arab women have a long history of participating in the region 's upheavals , dating back at least to the anti-colonial movement when women emerged from the confinement of the household to take up crucial organizational positions . Today , as the world grapples with this challenging and tumultuous moment in the region , it is important to pay close attention to the voices of Arab women and their plight . But rather than confining the story of women to an issue of religion or culture , it is important that the world uses what is happening to them as a barometer of the trajectory that individual societies are on . After all , how a country or a region treats its women in many ways tells the story of the future political direction of that country . The trouble is that this trajectory is in too many cases not particularly encouraging . In the Arab Spring 's aftermath , there have been plans to lower the legal marriage age , support expressed for polygamy after years of being regulated , restrictions on women 's mobility and political participation , a massive increase in sexual harassment and assault on the streets with police failing to intervene , and the use of virginity tests on women arrested for participating in a demonstration , as seen in Egypt . But young women now are not willing to back away from their demands , and they are speaking out in spite of public harassment . And while many women have been beaten and imprisoned for making their voices heard , they have crossed what is often described as the line of fear . In doing so , their message to the older generation of feminists is that the rights of women must be included in the civil rights discussion of societies more broadly . The hope is that the voice of women might also have more influence on the direction of policy in the region , perhaps offering a path that encourages calm in a part of the world too often wracked by violence . Ultimately , what young women in the post-Arab Spring are saying is that they are seeking out a new form of identity , one that is inclusive of both their religious identity and their desire for civil liberties . It is with this view in mind that my partners Abby Disney , Gini Reticker and I announced our commitment at the Clinton Global Initiative 2014 to launch "  The Trials of Spring , " a multimedia initiative that focuses on the voices of Arab women , their plight and their dreams for the future . The world can no longer treat women 's issues as if they are somehow separate from everything that goes on in , and defines , a country or region . Indeed , women should be seen as the bellwether for the direction of society at large -- where women thrive , so do opportunities for all . Where women are oppressed , oppression of all dissenting voices typically goes hand in hand . Above all though , women 's issues should not be discussed as if they are somehow relevant only at the margins of a society . Instead , they should be considered front and center , and an international priority . And the first step toward making them such a priority is listening to what they have to say in the first place .	Arab women have a long history of participating in the region 's upheavals , Zainab Salbi says Situation has deteriorated for many women in Mideast since Arab Spring , she says How women treated offers useful barometer of where a society is heading , Salbi says
CNN  -- The United Arab Emirates is playing host to a huge corporate party this week . Hotel lobbies and shopping malls are flooded with Chinese guests and the Dubai-Abu Dhabi highway is dotted with long rows of buses branded "  2014 Nu Skin Success Trip " in English and Arabic . Nu Skin China , the Chinese arm of a U.S.-based marketing skin care marketing company is flying in 16,000 of its employees from China , Hong Kong , Taiwan and Macau to the UAE for a corporate trip . It says the jaunt will bring in around $ 20 million of business to the Gulf state . More than 200 flights were booked for the trip , including two chartered Emirates planes , while more than 39,000 hotel beds in 40 hotels and 409 buses were required , according to Nu Skin and local travel agency Arabian Adventures . The visitors are arriving in overlapping groups of around 2000 people a time . The guests are visiting landmarks such as the world 's tallest building , Burj Khalifa , in Dubai , and the Sheikh Zayed mosque in Abu Dhabi . The company has also booked out the massive Ferrari World theme park for three days and organized three "  workshop dinners " for 8,000 people a time , according to organizers . This year marks Nu Skin 's 30th anniversary and the trip "  is for the development and recognition of our top sales leaders in the Greater China region , " according to a statement from the company . Dubai bid for the jaunt in October 2012 , competing against other cities including Seoul , Macau and Singapore , to play host . In January last year the company announced its selection of Dubai as the destination for its massive trip .	A Chinese skin care marketing company is sending 16,000 of its employees to the UAE The massive corporate trip is expected to bring around $ 20 million of business The "  2014 Nu Skin Success Trip " marks the company 's 30th anniversary
CNN  -- Controversial whistleblower Julian Assange was "  a very bright boy with a keen sense of right and wrong " when he was growing up , according to his stepfather . The young Assange grew up constantly on the move , the son of parents who were in the theater business in Australia . Brett Assange , who now lives alone in Sydney , was Julian 's first real dad , raising him from the age of one and giving him his surname . In an exclusive interview with CNN affiliate Seven News , he described his stepson as a "  sharp kid who always fought for the underdog . " He added : "  Strangely enough I always thought he would do something like this . He was always very independent . And he certainly would n't take no for an answer . "  He always stood up for the underdog . I remember that , like with his school friends . He was always very angry about people ganging up on other people . He had a really good sense of equality and equity . " Now age 39 , Julian Assange faces his toughest challenge yet , as he sits in a British jail fighting Swedish attempts to extradite him in relation to a sex crimes investigation . Cyberattacks follow Assange 's arrest This comes as his Web site , WikiLeaks , has been releasing reams of classified U.S. intelligence , prompting politicians and power-players the world over to call for his arrest for exposing sensitive documents . Supporters contend Assange represents free speech at its finest . They say he is a man and an organization committed to outing injustices . Yet despite unrelenting global media attention , Assange has remained an enigmatic figure . Perhaps that 's because he learned as a child to cope with living a solitary life . Assange has been described by his mother , Christine , as "  highly intelligent . " He was just 16 when she bought him a Commodore 64 computer . It was 1987 , and there were no Web sites . Assange attached a modem to his computer and began his journey through the growing world of computer networks . "  It 's like chess , " he told New Yorker magazine . "  Chess is very austere in that you do n't have many rules , there is no randomness and the problem is very hard . " Though his mother raised him without any religious influence , she sensed that from a tender age , her son was led by a strong desire to do what he perceived as just . "  He was a lovely boy , very sensitive , good with animals , quiet and has a wicked sense of humor , " she told the Melbourne , Australia , Herald Sun newspaper Wednesday . He would go on to study mathematics and physics at the University of Melbourne . In interviews , his scientific precision shines through . He speaks in a baritone voice , in measured pace , choosing each word carefully . He can be charming yet cagey about his private life and is rarely shaken by discussions of even the most controversial revelations on WikiLeaks . He 's the kind of person who , he says , can hack into the most sophisticated computer system . But he can forget to show up for an interview . Or cancel at the last minute . When he talks , he displays an astonishing breadth of interests : from computers to literature to his travels in Africa . Even when he walked out of a CNN interview in October after refusing to answer questions about the sex charges in Sweden , Assange remained cool and collected . He projected a stately demeanor helped by his profusion of gray hair -- which grew at an early age -- and an equally steely facial expression . After his initial foray into computers , Assange delved into computer encryption and grew keen on computer security . He once relayed a story about how he set up an encryption puzzle based on the manipulation of prime numbers . The New Yorker article , published earlier this year , described how in 1991 , Assange hacked into the master terminal of the telecom company Nortel , after which he developed a growing fear of arrest . He had married and fathered a child when he was only 18 but the relationship fell apart and his wife left him with their infant son . He was charged with 31 counts of hacking in Australia but in the end paid only a small sum in damages , according to the New Yorker . The young hacker began to focus his attention away from network flaws to what he perceived as wrongdoings of governments . In a 2007 blog post on IQ.org , he wrote : "  The whole universe or the structure that perceives it is a worthy opponent , but try as I may I can not escape the sound of suffering . Perhaps as an old man I will take great comfort in pottering around in a lab and gently talking to students in the summer evening and will accept suffering with insouciance . But not now ; men in their prime , if they have convictions are tasked to act on them . " IQ.org is believed to be a blog created by Assange and is registered under the name "  JA " by the same U.S. domain company as WikiLeaks . Its Australian postal address is also the same as a submissions address for WikiLeaks . Among myriad topics addressed in the blog , Assange discusses mathematics versus philosophy , the death of author Kurt Vonnegut , censorship in Iran and the corporation as a nation state . Driven by the conviction of an activist and the curiosity of a journalist , Assange founded WikiLeaks in 2006 . He slept little and sometimes forgot to eat . He hired staff and enlisted the help of volunteers . Always , he protected his sources , never discussing where information came from . "  People should understand that WikiLeaks has proven to be arguably the most trustworthy new source that exists , because we publish primary source material and analysis based on that primary source material , " Assange told CNN . "  Other organizations , with some exceptions , simply are not trustworthy . " The Web site skyrocketed to notoriety in July when it published 90,000 secret documents about the war in Afghanistan . It was considered the largest intelligence leak in U.S. history . WikiLeaks followed in October with classified documents about the Iraq war . And then this week , it began posting 250,000 cables revealing a trove of secret diplomatic information . Some praised WikiLeaks as a beacon of free speech . But others , including outraged Pentagon and White House officials , consider it irresponsible and want WikiLeaks silenced for what they call irreparable damage to global security . Assange , the elusive public face of WikiLeaks , catapulted to celebrity status . The image of the lean , lanky , leather jacket-clad figure with the pale skin and mop of white hair was splashed on television screens and websites . Everyone wanted to know how the editor in chief of WikiLeaks had pulled it off . Time magazine has nominated him for its Person of the Year , calling him a "  new kind of whistle-blower ... for the digital age . " But Assange 's notoriety did not stop there . Shortly after the Afghan war releases , he became the subject of a sex crime case in Sweden . The Stockholm Criminal Court issued an international arrest warrant for Assange two weeks ago on probable cause in that case , saying he is suspected of rape , sexual molestation and illegal use of force in separate incidents in August . He could be sentenced to two years in prison if convicted . Interpol issued a high alert for Assange on Wednesday at the request of Sweden . Assange has maintained his innocence and called the charges in Sweden a smear campaign . He has also dismissed reports of internal strife within WikiLeaks . Daniel Domscheit-Berg , a longtime volunteer and spokesman for WikiLeaks who recently quit his job , told CNN that Assange 's personality was distracting from the group 's original mission : to publish small leaks , not just huge , splashy ones like the Afghan War Diary . Assange took issue . "  It is my role to be the lightning rod , " Assange said . "  That is a difficult role . On the other hand , I get undue credit . " Assange 's mother said Wednesday that she feared her son had become "  too smart for himself . " "  I 'm concerned it 's gotten too big and the forces that he 's challenging are too big , " Christine Assange told the Herald Sun . She did not comment on the sex crimes charges in Sweden . But she said lately , Assange had distanced himself from his family to protect them . Assange , too , declined to address the charges in the October interview with CNN in London . "  This interview is about something else . I will have to walk if you are ... going to contaminate this extremely serious interview with questions about my personal life , " he said . Then , he pulled off his mic , said sorry , and walked away . CNN 's Mia Aquino , Atika Shubert , Ashley Fantz , Moni Basu and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	Stepfather described him as a "  sharp kid who always fought for the underdog " Assange 's mother bought him his first computer when he is 13 He became an expert hacker , keen on network security issues In 2006 , he created WikiLeaks , which posts leaked intelligence papers
Canberra , Australia  CNN  -- At first glance , it does n't look like much . Hidden behind an unmarked door , in a nondescript government office building in the Australian capital , it could be mistaken for a high school science classroom with work benches , slightly outdated computer monitors , and the odd microscope sitting in the corner . But what happens in this room is anything but amateur . We 're inside the Australian Transport Safety Bureau 's accident investigation lab , the place where the black boxes from Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 could be brought if and when they 're recovered from the bottom of the southern Indian Ocean . The place that may play a critical role in solving the mystery of what happened to the Boeing 777 and the 239 passengers and crew on board . Our guide today is Senior Transport Safety Investigator Neil Campbell . An engineer by trade , he 's been taking apart flight data recorders and recovering the data from them for over two decades . Campbell says he thrives on the technical challenge of accident investigation , but there 's another factor that attracts him to his chosen line of work . "  Anything you can do to improve safety , improve the safety of the traveling public -- that 's rewarding , " he says . Just a handful of countries have the capability and technical know-how to decipher what 's inside a black box . And if the Malaysians , who by international convention are in charge of the investigation into MH370 , select Australia to take the lead , the devices will be brought here . ` Object of interest ' found Retrieving the memory board We start by the sink . Once the flight data recorder or cockpit voice recorder is retrieved from more than 4500 meters below the surface of the Indian Ocean , it will be packed in water in a plastic bin to stop any salt or chemicals from solidifying and damaging the memory board , says Campbell . When the recorder arrives at the lab , Campbell or another investigator will rinse the recorder with distilled water , then begin the process of taking it apart . Sometimes getting the data is simple . "  A lot of our work is with undamaged recorders and it 's very easy to download them , much as you would a USB memory stick , " Campbell says , as he flips open a slot on the end of the recorder . But the process becomes much more technical if the recorders are damaged by fire or water . On the shelves of the lab 's main room are examples of black boxes that have survived some of the worst conditions . Their metal casing is warped and torn , or their bright orange exterior charred black . But even with these recorders , Campbell still has options to tackle what some might consider an impossible task . That 's because the only part of the flight data recorder that investigators really need intact is a small rectangular box called the Crash Survivable Memory Unit  CSMU  . Campbell unscrews a couple of bolts . Wearing gloves and grounded to an anti-static mat , he begins peeling off layer upon layer of housing and protective insulation . In the center , is a memory board with eight flash memory chips , no bigger than the palm of his hand . This is where the vital data , and potentially the answers , live . In the case of the Boeing 777 , Campbell says , the flight data recorder captures about 2,000 parameters for up to 25 hours . Those include everything from altitude and airspeed , to flap settings , engine performance , even cabin temperature and pressure . Campbell says some of the key parameters are recorded as often as eight times per second . The cockpit voice recorder captures four audio channels for a maximum of two hours before overwriting . One of the most challenging scenarios is when the board itself is damaged : "  We could take each individual chip off the circuit board , read those out individually , and then with the help of the manufacturer , piece all that information together , " Campbell explains . If there 's water damage , Campbell says he will rinse the board very carefully , then use a water displacement liquid , before drying out the circuit board in an oven . That process can take a couple of days . Decoding the data When the raw data is downloaded from the recorder , it comes out as binary computer code , a slew of zeros and ones . Using a document provided by the aircraft manufacturer , investigators are able to decode each piece of data , and begin the process of getting a clearer picture of what happened and when . To illustrate the point of just what the information gathered from a flight data recorder can show , Campbell takes us through a heavy door into the soundproof audio analysis lab and pulls up an animation on a monitor . For the next 90 seconds we watch an animated representation of a 2010 twin propeller plane crash in Darwin , Australia , when a simulated engine failure went wrong after takeoff , tragically ending in the death of both pilots on board . Campbell says having this visual representation is a vital tool in helping the public understand an accident : "  There 's a satisfaction in working out what happened with the accident and the conclusions , and the closure that that brings . " Closure that any investigator , wherever the black boxes from MH370 end up , might hope to bring to the loved ones of those on board the missing Malaysian Airlines flight . CNN 's Michael Holmes contributed to this report .	Black box data from Flight 370 could be analyzed at a laboratory in Australia Even if the flight data recorder is damaged , information is retrievable About 2,000 parameters are decoded , like altitude , engine performance and cabin pressure The data is used to create a visual representation , helping the public understand an accident
CNN  -- Sweden 's capital endured a fourth consecutive night of rioting Wednesday , with fires and clashes with authorities decreasing in the original flashpoint in the northern suburbs but increasing to the south , police said . Rioters continued to set fires to vehicles and other structures in Stockholm and suburbs , and they pelted responding firefighters and police with rocks and other objects , Stockholm police press officer Kjell Lindgren said Thursday . Early media reports said the four days of riots , which started in the high-unemployment , low-income northern suburb of Husby on Sunday , might have been triggered by last week 's shooting death of a man by police . But police said Wednesday they were not sure of the cause . Among Wednesday 's incidents : Rioters set fire to a restaurant and tried to burn two police stations , Lindgren said . The fires at the police stations were extinguished before the stations were destroyed . "  In the southern parts of our city ... we 've seen an increase in violence , and most of our police officers and firemen who were working overnight have said that this has been very difficult , with so many incidents in so many places , " Lindgren said . He said 10 fires were set in the northern Stockholm area overnight , but he did n't have a number for the southern suburbs . The Local , an English-language online newspaper , reported that Stockholm 's fire service had responded to at least 75 incidents throughout the city by 2 a.m. Thursday . Police were so busy escorting firefighters , "  we 've only had time to arrest one person " overnight -- a 16-year-old girl on suspicion of preparing arson , Lindgren said . Eight people were arrested in Husby on Tuesday night , according to police . More than 100 vehicles were set on fire Sunday night just in Husby , police said . Another 29 were set on fire Tuesday night in the wider district , they said . Husby is an area that has a lot of problems and a high crime rate , according to Lindgren . Tensions have been brewing since May 13 , when police shot dead a 69-year-old Husby man who had a machete , The Local newspaper said . On Wednesday , Stockholm police spokesman Lars Bystrom told CNN that authorities were n't sure why the riots began . "  We have ... heard the reports that some are making the connection to the 69-year-old man who was shot dead by police this past Monday on May 13 in his apartment after he threatened police with a machete , and the officers attending felt their life was in danger and had to react , " Bystrom said . "  But we do n't know for sure what is actually behind this . At this point , it is pure speculation . "  It would be very unfortunate if we started hesitating to go in when serious incidents happen because of this . " The Local also quoted a local youth leader as saying some police officers used racial slurs against residents Sunday as the trouble flared . Bystrom said Wednesday that police are investigating "  possible use of inappropriate language or excessive use of force . " The disorder led Swedish Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt to issue a statement Tuesday appealing for calm . "  We have had two nights of great worry , damage to property and a threatening mood in Husby . There is a risk that it will continue . Now everyone must help out to calm things down , " he said . "  We have groups of young men who believe one should and can change our society through violence . We can not let violence govern . " Reinfeldt said the trouble reflects a broader problem in Swedish society : More should be done to support education and help young people into work , he said . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Stephanie Halasz and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Police : Rioters set fires , then pelt responding firefighters and police with rocks Husby , a northern suburb of Stockholm , had been at the center of the disorder But police say violence is increasing in the southern suburbs Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt has appealed for calm in the capital
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- One of Osama bin Laden 's sons has been denied asylum in Spain , an Interior Ministry spokeswoman told CNN on Wednesday . Omar bin Laden pictured earlier this year during a television interview in Rome , Italy . Omar bin Laden , who is in his late 20s , stepped off a plane at Madrid 's Barajas International Airport during a stopover late Monday and informed authorities that he planned to request political asylum , the spokeswoman said . Bin Laden has publicly called on his father to abandon terrorism . He prepared his formal asylum request Tuesday at the airport with the help of a translator , filing it around 1 p.m. , the spokeswoman said . The Interior Ministry , which had 72 hours to reply to the request , was required to seek the opinion of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees on the matter . The UNHCR recommended against granting asylum , the spokeswoman said Wednesday . No reason was given for the denial . It was not immediately known what grounds bin Laden gave for his request , and the spokeswoman said it is unlikely to be disclosed . His flight Monday originated in Cairo , Egypt , and landed in Madrid on its way to Casablanca , Morocco , she said . The request caught Spanish authorities by surprise , she said . Bin Laden , who is married to a British citizen , previously was denied asylum in Britain . He holds a Saudi passport . Since Spain has denied his request , bin Laden has 24 hours to appeal before he is put on a plane back to Cairo , the spokeswoman said . If he appeals , the Spanish government has 48 hours to rule on it . Last year , 7,664 people requested asylum in Spain . The government granted that status to only 570 , the spokeswoman said . Al Goodman , CNN 's Madrid bureau chief , contributed to this report	Official : Spain denies asylum to Omar bin Laden Spain did not give a reason for turning down the asylum appeal He has publicly called on his father to abandon terrorism He was previously denied asylum in Britain
CNN  -- The nominations for the 52nd Grammy Awards are listed below , with winners italicized in bold and asterisked : Album of the year "  I Am ... Sasha Fierce , " Beyoncé "  The E.N.D. , " The Black Eyed Peas "  The Fame , " Lady Gaga "  Big Whiskey and the Groogrux King , " Dave Matthews Band -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  Fearless , " Taylor Swift * Record of the year "  Halo , " Beyoncé "  I Got ta Feeling , " The Black Eyed Peas -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  Use Somebody , " Kings of Leon * "  Poker Face , " Lady Gaga "  You Belong With Me , " Taylor Swift Song of the year "  Poker Face , " Lady Gaga and RedOne , songwriters  Lady Gaga  "  Pretty Wings , " Hod David and Musze , songwriters  Maxwell  -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  Single Ladies  Put a Ring On It  , " Thaddis Harrell , Beyoncé Knowles , Terius Nash and Christopher Stewart , songwriters  Beyoncé  * "  Use Somebody , " Caleb Followill , Jared Followill , Matthew Followill , Nathan Followill , songwriters  Kings of Leon  "  You Belong With Me , " Liz Rose and Taylor Swift , songwriters  Taylor Swift Best new artist -LSB- WINNER -RSB- Zac Brown Band * Keri Hilson MGMT Silversun Pickups The Ting Tings Best female pop vocal performance "  Hometown Glory , " Adele -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  Halo , " Beyoncé * "  Hot N Cold , " Katy Perry "  Sober , " Pink "  You Belong With Me , " Taylor Swift Best rock album "  Black Ice , " AC/DC "  Live from Madison Square Garden , " Eric Clapton & Steve Winwood -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  21st Century Breakdown , " Green Day * "  Big Whiskey and the Groogrux King , " Dave Matthews Band "  No Line on the Horizon , " U2 Best rap/sung collaboration "  Ego , " Beyonce and Kanye West "  Knock You Down , " Keri Hilson , Kanye West and Ne-Yo -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  Run This Town , " Jay-Z , Kanye West and Rihanna * "  I 'm On a Boat , " The Lonely Island and T-Pain "  Dead and Gone , " T.I. and Justin Timberlake Best country album "  The Foundation , " Zac Brown Band "  Twang , " George Strait -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  Fearless , " Taylor Swift * "  Defying Gravity , " Keith Urban "  Call Me Crazy , " Lee Ann Womack Best comedy album "  Back From the Dead , " Spinal Tap -LSB- WINNER -RSB- "  A Colbert Christmas : The Greatest Gift of All , " Stephen Colbert * "  Internet Leaks , " Weird Al Yankovich "  My Weakness is Strong , " Patton Oswalt "  Suckin ' It for the Holidays , " Kathy Griffin "  Tall , Dark and Chicano , " Geroge Lopez What do you think about these results ? Other winners : Best male pop vocal performance : Jason Mraz , "  Make It Mine " Best pop performance by a duo or group with vocals : The Black Eyed Peas , "  I Got ta Feeling " Best pop collaboration with vocals : Jason Mraz and Colbie Caillat , "  Lucky " Best pop vocal album : The Black Eyed Peas , "  The E.N.D. " Best traditional pop vocal album : Michael Buble , "  Michael Buble Meets Madison Square Garden " Best dance recording : Lady Gaga , "  Poker Face " Best electronic/dance album : Lady Gaga , "  The Fame " Best solo rock vocal performance : Bruce Springsteen , "  Working On A Dream " Best rock performance by a duo or group with vocals : Kings of Leon , "  Use Somebody " Best hard rock performance : AC/DC , "  War Machine " Best rock song : Kings of Leon , "  Use Somebody " Best alternative music album : Phoenix , "  Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix " Best female R&B vocal performance : Beyonce , "  Single Ladies  Put A Ring On It  " Best male R&B vocal performance : Maxwell , "  Pretty Wings " Best R&B album : Maxwell , "  Blacksummers ' Night " Best contemporary R&B album : Beyonce , "  I Am ... Sasha Fierce " Best R&B song : Thaddis Harrell , Beyonce Knowles , Terius Nash & Christopher Stewart , songwriters , "  Single Ladies  Put A Ring On It  " Best rap solo performance : Jay-Z , "  D.O.A.  Death of Auto-Tune  " Best rap performance by a duo or group : Eminem , Dr. Dre and 50 Cent , "  Crack A Bottle " Best rap song : Jeff Bhasker , Shawn Carter , Robyn Fenty , Kanye West & Ernest Wilson , songwriters , "  Run This Town "  Jay-Z , Rihanna and Kanye West  Best rap album : Eminem , "  Relapse " Best female country vocal performance : Taylor Swift , "  White Horse " Best male country vocal performance : Keith Urban , "  Sweet Thing " Best country performance by a duo or group with vocals : Lady Antebellum , "  I Run To You " Best country collaboration with vocals : Carrie Underwood and Randy Travis , "  I Told You So " Best country song : Liz Rose and Taylor Swift , songwriters , "  White Horse "	Taylor Swift takes the album of the year Grammy for "  Fearless " Beyoncé , who had 10 nominations , took home six The Zac Brown Band lost out on the best country album Grammy , but did snag best new artist Kings of Leon won their third award of the night with the record of the year Grammy
Indianapolis  CNN  -- As soon as 36-year Senate veteran Richard Lugar finished his concession speech Tuesday , he walked off the stage , out the back door and into his car . But he left behind something unusual and -- in the annals of politics -- somewhat extraordinary . Lugar had his aides distribute a prepared statement that was part detailed defense of his ill-fated and often maligned campaign strategy , and part stark warning to both parties about the divisive state of American politics -- starting with Richard Mourdock , the Republican who beat him . "  His embrace of an unrelenting partisan mindset is irreconcilable with my philosophy of governance and my experience of what brings results for Hoosiers in the Senate . In effect , what he has promised in this campaign is reflexive votes for a rejectionist orthodoxy and rigid opposition to the actions and proposals of the other party , " Lugar wrote of Mourdock , Read Lugar 's statement Mourdock appealed to Republican voters by arguing Lugar 's tolerance for compromise should be replaced by stand-your-ground confrontation . "  He has pledged his support to groups whose prime mission is to cleanse the Republican party of those who stray from orthodoxy as they see it , " said Lugar of the GOP opponent who beat him . "  This is not conducive to problem solving and governance . And he will find that unless he modifies his approach , he will achieve little as a legislator . Worse , he will help delay solutions that are totally beyond the capacity of partisan majorities to achieve , " said Lugar . Lugar , a senior Republican statesman who briefed President Dwight Eisenhower as a young naval officer , offered a shot across the bow to today 's GOP . He said if Republicans continue to make it difficult for legislators to find compromise , "  we will be relegated to minority status . Parties do n't succeed for long if they stop appealing to voters who may disagree with them on some issues . " And he did n't stop there . His stinging words about today 's divisive politics were reminiscent of moderate Republican Senator Olympia Snowe 's open disgust for what the process has become when she announced she was retiring . "  I do n't remember a time when so many topics have become politically unmentionable in one party or the other . Republicans can not admit to any nuance in policy on climate change . Republican members are now expected to take pledges against any tax increases . For two consecutive presidential nomination cycles , GOP candidates competed with one another to express the most strident anti-immigration view , even at the risk of alienating a huge voting bloc , " said Lugar . The six-term Republican was hammered by Mourdock and outside groups for voting for President Obama 's two Supreme Court picks and supporting other parts of the president 's agenda from immigration to energy . Lugar cast some votes and took positions - like defending earmarks - that he knew would be unpopular with the GOP base and could even lead to a primary defeat . Many Republican strategists -- including close allies and longtime supporters -- were perplexed that he did n't tack right and alter his rhetoric in order to better position himself . In his unusual departing treatise , Lugar said he believes his votes for Wall Street and auto industry bailouts , and immigration reforms were "  the right votes for the country . " "  I stand by them without regrets , " said Lugar . "  Ideology can not be a substitute for a determination to think for yourself , for a willingness to study an issue objectively , and for the fortitude to sometimes disagree with your party or even your constituents , " he said . Earlier in the day , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , a Lugar supporter who avoided his own Senate primary defeat two years ago with scorched earth strategy against his opponent , told CNN he believes a lesson from a Lugar loss is not to play defense . McCain was saying out loud what many GOP strategists had said in private : that Lugar allowed opponents to define him and did not adequately prepare a re-election campaign in today 's anti-incumbent environment . Lugar tried to dispel that . "  The truth is that the headwinds in this race were abundantly apparent long before Richard Mourdock announced his candidacy . One does not highlight such headwinds publicly when one is waging a campaign . But I knew that I would face an extremely strong anti-incumbent mood following a recession , " said Lugar . To people who whispered loudly that Lugar simply did n't work hard enough to get back to Indiana and prove he has n't lost touch , he insisted that "  there never was a moment when my campaign took anything for granted . " With so many of Lugar 's moderate colleagues in both parties deciding to call it quits this year rather than face bruising re-election campaigns , it has been perplexing why the octogenarian did n't choose to cap off a stellar career by retiring on his own terms . He had a carefully-crafted answer for that too , saying his goals on domestic and foreign policy "  would benefit from my continued service as a Senator . " "  These goals were worth the risk of an electoral defeat and the costs of a hard campaign , " he said . In the end , Lugar did this the way he wanted -- the way so many of his former aides and supporters say he has always done things : his way . Not always politically expedient or strategically smart , but , from his perspective , principled .	Lugar delivers a statement that is part defense and part warning Mourdock 's stand-your-ground approach is not conducive to problem-solving , Lugar says He says he stands by his votes "  without regrets "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Over the past month , video has emerged from the Syrian city of Homs showing killings and other atrocities apparently committed by security forces in neighborhoods that have opposed the government . CNN has obtained footage that is among the most disturbing yet -- about a dozen family members killed in one house in what appears to be sectarian brutality . CNN is confident of the video 's provenance . The images show a group of nine men crouched as they move across rooftops , then crawl through a hole smashed in a wall to reach a house on a sectarian fault line that runs through Homs . "  We 're rescuing the bodies of the martyrs , " a man 's voice says on the video . About a week earlier , the men received information that a Sunni family had been killed , but it took them this long to launch their mission . When they reach the house , they come across a grisly find : the body of a woman lying face down on the carpet . In an adjacent room , they find more bodies next to each other in a corner , as though they had been trying to hide . One of them , a child , lays with his face frozen in fear , mouth open and arms outstretched . On his chest leans another body , its head covered in a khaki-colored cloth . A third body , with its head covered in a black cloth , leans against the second . Beside the pile of bodies , about a foot above the slumped third body , the white wall is splattered red . "  Let the world see , " a voice exclaims on the video . "  Look at this massacre in just one house . " The man curses the Shias , the Alawites and President Bashar al-Assad . Syria is a nation with a Sunni majority governed by a minority Alawite , an offshoot sect of Shia Islam . The video is said to have been shot in the neighborhood of Sabeel last month . "  Oh , look , people , look , " says one man , overcome with emotion as he too curses the regime -- and the world . The camera pans to show more bodies in the bathroom . Suddenly , from another floor , a whimper . The men are stunned , and coax a child out of a dark room where he must have been hiding for days . The child , in a red , hooded sweatshirt , comes into view , crawling over a body in the doorway to reach the men , who greet him with open arms . The men say they do not know who killed the boy 's family or why . But they do know , they say , that the killings were a sectarian massacre carried out by thugs allied to the regime . CNN has attempted to reach the Syrian Foreign Ministry for reaction but there was no answer . The Syrian government has in the past blamed armed gangs for such attacks .	The video shows the bodies of a family in Homs "  Let the world see , " a voice says in a video A child crawls out from hiding , over a body , to reach his rescuers
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Police issued an alert Thursday in Mumbai , saying four members of a militant group had entered the Indian city and were suspected of plotting violence on the Christmas and New Year 's holidays . Himanshu Roy , Mumbai 's joint commissioner of police , said the suspected terrorists belong to Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , the Pakistan-based group that was blamed for a violent siege on Mumbai in November 2008 . The four men were identified as Abdul Kareem Moosa , Noor Abu Ilahi , Walid Jinnah and Mahfooz Alam , each between 20 and 30 years old . At a news conference , Roy released a sketch of Jinnah . Roy said the four recently "  sneaked into the city to carry out extremely dangerous activity . " He had no information on their nationalities . A source familiar with the police investigation told CNN that India 's Ministry of Home Affairs issued a bulletin earlier this week to police departments around India warning of possible terror attacks in Mumbai and Ahmadabad , further north in the western state of Gujarat . Specific to Mumbai , the bulletin called for beefed up security at luxury hotels , tourist hubs , churches and consulates , especially those of the United States and European nations , the source said . The bulletin warned of possible carjackings and vehicle-borne explosives . Mumbai police were restricting traffic starting Thursday in and around the Taj Mahal Palace and Tower hotel , one of the landmarks that had come under attack in 2008 , several Indian newspapers reported . "  All roads , except for two access points , leading to the Taj hotel will remain closed from Thursday , " Nawal Bajaj , a police official , told The Times of India . "  This is being done due to a specific intelligence alert . This arrangement will continue for the next 15 days . " Bajaj said every food truck entering the hotel grounds will be checked and police will conduct background checks on hotel suppliers . Additional security has been arranged for crowded destinations like the seaside Gateway of India , a popular spot for New Year 's celebrations . Lashkar-e-Tayyiba is on the U.S. State Department 's list of terrorist organizations , and last month the U.S. Treasury said it is prohibiting Americans from "  engaging in any transactions " with that group . The Treasury specifically cited Azam Cheema , who helped train operatives for the 2008 Mumbai attacks and was the "  mastermind " behind Mumbai train bombings carried out by Lashkar-e-Tayyiba in 2006 . Mumbai has been the target of several terrorist attacks in the past few years , including train bombings in 1993 that killed 257 people . The most shocking and freshest in the minds of Mumbaikars is the 2008 siege . In the coordinated onslaught , 10 gunmen stormed three hotels , a train station and a Jewish cultural center , killing 164 people . Only one of the gunmen , Mohammed Ajmal Kasab of Pakistan , survived the attack . He has been convicted of murder , conspiracy and waging war against India . His lawyers have appealed his death sentence to a higher court of Mumbai . Last month , Indians marked the second anniversary of the attack with prayers , a march for peace and a wreath-laying ceremony . Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh vowed renewed efforts to track down those behind the assault . "  We will never succumb to the designs of our enemies , " he said . "  We pledge to redouble our efforts to bring the perpetrators of this crime against humanity to justice . " The attack on India 's largest city and its financial hub derailed the fragile peace process between nuclear-capable arch-foes India and Pakistan . Under U.S. pressure , the two neighbors resumed talks this year in a bid to restart a full dialogue , but progress has been slow . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh and Ram Ramgopal contributed to this report .	NEW : Extra security urged for various sites , a source familiar with the alert says Mumbai police say four terrorism suspects have entered the Indian city They are believed to belong to the Lashkar-e-Tayyiba terrorist group The Pakistan-based group was blamed for the 2008 attacks in Mumbai
CNN  -- Several major Midwest metropolitan areas are bracing for a massive winter storm system that threatened to dump a foot or more of snow and bring potentially debilitating winds . Political and emergency personnel leaders in Oklahoma City , St. Louis and Chicago , among other locales , vowed they were prepared to weather the storm . The leaders of several states , many of which have already had a difficult winter , also commandeered their forces even as they urged people to stay home . "  Folks should batten down the hatches and hold on , " Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said . "  The most likely place to get hurt is out on the road . " As much of its strength , the system 's immense size sets it apart . As of Monday evening , the National Weather Service had posted winter storm warnings , watches or advisories in at least 29 states in a 2,000-mile space stretching from the Southwest to the Northeast . "  A storm of this size and scope needs to be taken seriously , " said Craig Fugate , administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency . The worst conditions are expected in parts of seven states where blizzard warnings were in effect Monday night . The Monday night forecast of fierce winds , strong snow and minimal visibility covered an area as far south and west as Oklahoma , as far north as Wisconsin and as far as east as Indiana . Several inches linked to the system had fallen by 7 p.m. Monday in Albuquerque , New Mexico , where a winter storm warning extended throughout the state . A similar warning was in effect as far away as Boston , where snow could start Tuesday and continue through Wednesday night . Still , some of the biggest concerns entering Tuesday were in cities like Chicago . "  This storm could be one of the top 10 biggest snowstorms ever in the city , " said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . According to the National Weather Service , snowstorms that drop over 15 inches of snow occur about once every 19 years in Chicago . The last time this happened was in January 1999 , when 21.6 inches of snow was recorded in the city . Officials have added 120 garbage trucks with specially attached snow plows to the city 's fleet normal of 274 trucks in expectation of heavy snowfall , said Jose A. Santiago , executive director of the city 's Office of Emergency Management . Snowfall could reach a rate of two and three inches per hour with northeasterly winds of 25 mph to 40 mph , creating dangerous "  white-out " conditions across the entire Chicago metropolitan area , the weather service reported . Blizzard or near blizzard conditions are expected as far south as Oklahoma City on Tuesday , where snow accumulations there will be measured in feet , not in inches . Oklahoma 's governor , Mary Fallin , released a statement on Monday declaring a state of emergency for all 77 counties in the state . "  This disaster declaration will make sure we can prepare for the winter weather ahead of the storm , " Fallin said . "  We encourage all Oklahomans to prepare for the storm before it arrives . " The mayor of Oklahoma City , where snow was set to start falling late Monday , had a message for citizens as well : stay off the streets . Mick Cornett noted that most city and state government offices would be closed Tuesday and asked that local businesses do their best to keep their employees home as well . Oklahoma City officials are urging residents to make early provisions -- such as stocking up on water , batteries , medications and canned foods in case power outages occur . The storm is expected to have snowfall rates of up to 3 inches per hour , according to the weather service . "  We 're not strangers to weather , " said Michelann Ooten , public information officer with Oklahoma City 's emergency management operations . "  We 've been working on this since last week . " Ooten said her office had already contacted FEMA to secure generators and supplies in case emergency shelters are needed . Very heavy snowfall is expected from Oklahoma northeastward through Kansas , Missouri and Illinois . The National Weather Service forecast office in Norman , Oklahoma , warns that a "  potentially dangerous winter situation " is developing , with travel becoming extremely dangerous or impossible across the state by Tuesday morning . "  Combined snow totals from the Monday afternoon through Wednesday may exceed a foot and a half across much of northern Illinois and far northwest Indiana , " the weather service said . St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay tried to cut short a trip to New Mexico to head home in time for the storm , only to have his flight canceled due to the weather , his chief of staff Jeff Rainford said . "  So he 's one of the  thousands  stranded as well , " said Rainford . CNN St. Louis affiliate KSDK indicated the storm could be "  historic " in that eastern Missouri metropolis , saying it could rival a 1981 system that left 13.9 inches of snow in St. Louis and some surrounding areas with more than 2 feet . By early afternoon on Monday , a long list of early school closures was already being released by media in Missouri . "  It 's precautionary , " said Terry Gravemann , president of Duchesne High School , a private school in St. Charles , a small city northwest of St. Louis . Gravemann said worried parents were eager to know what time school will be closing . Other cities likely to be affected during the week include Milwaukee , Cleveland , Providence and the New York state cities of Buffalo , Syracuse and Albany . Heavy snowfall wo n't be the only hazard from this major storm system . Subfreezing temperatures could coat trees , power lines and roads in ice from Missouri to southern Illinois and eastward into central Indiana , forecasters said . Ice accumulations of up to three-quarters of an inch will be possible , and they are likely to combine with gusty winds to cause tree branches to fall on power lines , according to forecasters . With temperatures expected to drop well below zero by Wednesday , parts of the Texas Panhandle and western Oklahoma will experience some of the coldest air this season , Morris said . Strong winds will combine with the cold temperatures to create extremely dangerous wind chills of 20 to 35 below zero across the southern Plains , according to forecasts . But the storm 's wrath wo n't end there . Severe thunderstorms are likely to develop along a trailing cold front from a main low-pressure area . That sets up a significant potential for tornadoes in Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Tennessee and Alabama . High winds , heavy snow and ice could present major problems for travelers , on the roads and in the air . Monday will be the best day to travel over the next four or five , said HLN meteorologist Bob Van Dillen . For people who have plans to fly in the region this week , several carriers will let them make changes to their itineraries . United Airlines has issued a travel waiver for passengers traveling to , from or through Chicago from Tuesday through Thursday . Travelers will be able to alter their travel plans without fees or get a full refund if their flight is canceled . American Airlines is allowing travelers who are scheduled to fly on Monday through Thursday from more than 30 airports in the Midwest -- including those in Chicago , Detroit and Milwaukee -- to change their plans without penalty . Delta was planning to issue a travel waiver for the Midwest and another for the Northeast on Monday , said spokesman Anthony Black . AirTran passengers traveling through two dozen cities , including Chicago , St. Louis and Boston , can change their reservation without penalty . CNN 's Sean Morris and Dave Hennon contributed to this report .	NEW : Winter alerts extend from New Mexico to Maine , with blizzard warnings in 7 states NEW : The mayor of St. Louis is among the thousands of stranded traveler , an official says 120 garbage trucks rigged with snow plows are added to Chicago 's fleet of 274 trucks Snowfall could reach a rate of two and three inches per hour in the Windy City
CNN  -- Authorities have found a second homemade explosive and more of a type of explosive previously discovered in a house in an unincorporated area near Escondido , California , officials said Thursday . The house occupied by George Djura Jakubec , a computer software consultant who is now under arrest , has been described by authorities as a bomb-making factory . They say it holds the largest cache of the two homemade explosives ever discovered in one spot in the United States . San Diego County authorities confirmed Thursday they have found pentaerythritol tetranitrate , or PETN , a favorite of al Qaeda bomb-makers that is now the target of new U.S. airport body scans and pat downs . They also found more hexamethylene triperoxide diamine , or HMTD , in a bottle inside the house , but the two types of homemade explosives were not immediately removed because they are too volatile and the house is too cluttered to negotiate safely , Assistant Sheriff Ed Prendergast said . Authorities had already recovered 8 or 9 pounds of HMTD , an explosive powder that suicide bombers use , authorities said . The search of the house also turned up items "  suggestive of armed robberies , " Prendergast said in a written statement . In addition to bomb-making charges , Jakubec , 54 , is charged with two bank robberies . Now being held in lieu of $ 5 million bail , he was on probation for a 2009 burglary conviction when he was arrested last week . Authorities are investigating Jakubec 's intentions . He is a Serbian national who is a naturalized U.S. citizen , and he lived in the house with his wife . Authorities also found Wednesday more blasting caps , adding to others discovered in the past week , but they were not removed from the house , officials said . A San Diego County hazardous materials team removed chemicals from a shed on the property , authorities said . They included about 4 liters of hydrochloric acid , 1 liter of nitric acid , 25 gallons of sulfuric acid and 50 pounds of hexamine . A bomb squad from San Diego County agencies and the FBI has suspended a search inside the home until Wednesday , as authorities study how to proceed within the cramped , cluttered home without causing a blast , Prendergast said . Authorities also found inside the house some more hazardous chemicals , which also wo n't be moved for now , he said . The sheriff 's department has secured a perimeter around the suburban house and closed the street off except to residents , Prendergast said . One explosives expert described the eight or nine pounds of previously discovered HMTD as potentially "  devastating . " "  If you had 8 or 9 pounds in a vehicle in a street , you have a pretty large and devastating car bomb , " said James Cavanaugh , a retired special agent of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . "  Inside a home , it 's going to blow all the windows and doors and walls out , but it 's not going to destroy the neighborhood . People would be in danger if they were immediately in front of the house or adjacent to the house , " he said . " It would be almost like a gas explosion . " Bomb squads must be wary of potential booby traps , Cavanaugh said . "  These explosives , like HMTD , I call the devil 's own mixtures , and they can be set off by shock , friction , static electricity , heat , flame or even a chemical reaction , " he said . "  Added to the danger is that they are difficult to find in a filthy hoarder 's hovel . " Outside court this week , Jakubec 's wife , Marina Ivanova , was distraught . "  He 's crazy , " she told camera crews . "  I think he lost his mind . He lost his mind or something . ... I know that he was collecting , obsessively collecting stuff . " Bomb technicians must work slowly inside the house because the slightest friction -- such as opening a drawer -- could ignite the explosives , Prendergast said . Jakubec appears to be a hoarder , and the clutter of paper and boxes in the house makes the hunt for explosives more difficult , the assistant sheriff said . Bomb crews were wearing less gear so they can move about the house without brushing up against anything and accidentally triggering the explosives , he said . "  We are wearing some protective gear , not the big protective gear " that resembles moon suits , Prendergast said . "  It 's just not practical for this operation . " Authorities discovered the explosives last Thursday after a gardener was injured when he unwittingly set off some of the HMTD powder in the back yard , Prendergast said . The blast went up one side of his body , from lower leg to head , he said . "  We believe he scraped against some of the powder in the yard , and the friction caused it to explode , " Prendergast said . "  Apparently the suspect was experimenting in his yard , and some of it got left over " the ground , he added . The 8 or 9 pounds of HMTD was in six jars that had apparently been moved out of the house and into the back yard , he said . Last Friday , authorities had to evacuate two nearby houses and even closed down the southbound lanes of nearby Interstate 15 for three hours , he said . The two adjacent houses remained evacuated Wednesday , he said . "  It 's amazing he did n't blow himself up . He must have some knowledge of how to do this safely , " Prendergast said . "  Part of the story should be about the bravery of the bomb technicians and haz-mat team , for risking their lives trying to build a case against this guy so that justice can be served , and trying to render the site safe so that homeowners can return to their homes , " he added . During Wednesday 's search , only two or three bomb technicians entered the house for less than an hour and seized a computer and other items , Prendergast said . The crew videotaped the interior and will review the tape later to determine their next mission , officials said . In recent days , technicians found improvised grenades that were n't live , he said . "  If you look at the video of this , you can see items piled on top of items . It gives you a mental picture of how difficult it is , " Prendergast said . "  Counter space and tables , every bit of space had items piled on top of items -- papers and boxes . "  We only pull things out that have easy access , " he added . Law officers have defined "  a hot zone " consisting of the house itself and the two nearby evacuated houses . A "  warm zone " is the street in front of the house , and a "  cold zone " is the area beyond a police tape where the media and public are allowed to stand , Prendergast said . At night , after bomb crews have finished their work , the hot zone is reduced to just the house , he said . Authorities said the HMTD discovered inside the house Wednesday is stored in a bottle . "  We have not removed it yet . It 's too dangerous to move . Any movement can set it off , " Prendergast said . "  We have a saying : We 'll go as fast as we can but slow as we must , " he added .	Authorities say a house holds a second homemade explosive , PETN PETN happens to be the target of new U.S. airport body scans and pat downs The 8 or 9 pounds of HMTD found is equivalent to a "  large " car bomb , expert says Bomb technicians must be careful ; the slightest friction could cause an explosion
What can happen in a country while the president is gone for more than two months ? A lot . Just ask Venezuelans . Until his return to Caracas on Monday , President Hugo Chavez had n't been seen in public or on national television since he went to Cuba for cancer surgery in December . Allies maintained that he was running his country from Havana , while critics said the country was in limbo without its leader . But Chavez 's lengthy absence from Venezuela did n't stop his government from making some significant changes . The latest one -- devaluing the country 's currency -- starts Wednesday . It 's a significant move that stands to affect global businesses and everyday Venezuelans . Here are some key events that have unfolded in Venezuela while Chavez was gone : Currency devaluation Long lines of customers packed Venezuelan electronics and appliance stores after Friday 's announcement of plans to devalue the country 's currency by nearly a third . "  We are following instructions from President Hugo Chavez , who demanded more efficiency in the fight against inflation , " Finance Minister Jorge Giordani told reporters when he made the announcement Friday , holding up a decree that he said came from Chavez . "  Here is the president 's signature , in case you would like to recognize it or if you still have doubts . " The new exchange rate of 6.3 bolivars to 1 dollar goes into effect Wednesday . It 's the fifth time the Venezuelan government has devalued its currency in the past decade . Gallery : Caracas among world 's most expensive cities Venezuelans fearing the move would mean a sharp spike in the cost of imported goods have rushed to stores in recent days . The country 's opposition has criticized the measure , accusing the government of mismanaging finances . And international businesses have said they expect to take a hit as a result of the currency changes . Colgate-Palmolive said in a statement Monday that it expects a one-time loss of $ 120 million this quarter . Prison violence Clashes at Venezuela 's Uribana prison left at least 58 people dead last month . The fighting , which authorities said occurred during an operation to disarm inmates at the facility , drew sharp criticism from human rights organizations . "  This clearly demonstrates -- yet again -- that the Venezuelan prison system is in crisis and that it has reached extremely alarming levels , " Amnesty International said in a statement , calling for an investigation into the incident and more widespread problems of prison overcrowding and violence . Opposition politicians pushed for the resignation of Venezuela 's prison minister , Iris Varela , after the clashes , while lawmakers from Chavez 's United Socialist Party of Venezuela praised her work cleaning up Venezuela 's prison system . The government has said it is investigating the Uribana incident . Cabinet change Standing in for Chavez at the annual state of the union ceremony in January , Vice President Nicolas Maduro announced a high-level appointment in Chavez 's name . Maduro told lawmakers that Chavez had tapped Elias Jaua to be Venezuela 's new foreign minister . Opposition politicians questioned whether Chavez had actually nominated a new foreign minister or whether Maduro had effectively taken over the presidency . Government officials maintained that Chavez was in charge . Jaua , long a close ally of Chavez , had been Venezuela 's vice president until he stepped down to run for a state governor post last year . In his role as foreign minister , Jaua traveled to China this month and met with government leaders there . Speaking on state television last week , Jaua said he had a "  nice meeting " Thursday with Chavez in Havana . Loyalty oath , but no inauguration Health problems prevented Chavez from coming to Caracas for an inauguration ceremony on January 10 . While political opponents said that postponing the inauguration was unconstitutional , Venezuela 's Supreme Court sided with Chavez 's party , which had argued that the president did not need to be present at his swearing-in for his next term to begin . Instead of a traditional inauguration ceremony , throngs of supporters in Caracas swore an oath of loyalty in Chavez 's absence . Many waved flags and carried photos of the ailing president . Chavez health updates Regarding his two-plus months of treatment in Cuba , government officials say Venezuelans have sent a clear message : take the time you need . After weeks of grim assessments describing the president as battling a serious infection and fighting for his life , government statements about Chavez 's health took a more optimistic tone in recent weeks , culminating with his return to Caracas early Monday morning . "  We come back to the country of Venezuela , " Chavez posted on his official Twitter account . "  Thank God ! Thank you dear people ! Here we continue the treatment . " Last week Maduro said Chavez was "  in battle " and undergoing "  extremely complex and hard " treatments , but he did not detail what the treatments involved . Government ministers have repeatedly said in recent weeks that the president 's condition is improving . Chavez has been battling cancer since June 2011 , but officials have never revealed what type of cancer he has , and speculation has swirled about his health and political future . Venezuela 's opposition has criticized the government 's lack of transparency , while the government has accused political opponents and the media of spreading rumors about the president 's health . Vice president plays a prominent role Meanwhile , on the Venezuelan political stage , Maduro has been front and center during El Comandante 's absence . Maduro has spoken at political rallies around the country and delivered updates about Chavez on national television . Last month , he told throngs of supporters that opponents were plotting to murder him . Opposition critics have said he 's campaigning for office -- a claim the government has denied . Maduro and other government officials have accused the opposition of printing fake campaign posters with Maduro 's picture . Before he left for Cuba for surgery last month , Chavez said he wanted Maduro to assume the presidency if he became incapacitated and called on voters to support Maduro at the polls .	Chavez returned Monday at 2:30 a.m. local time , vice president says Chavez had n't appeared in public or on national television in more than two months In Chavez 's absence , Venezuela sees a major economic change with currency devaluation Prison violence last month prompted criticism from human rights groups
CNN  -- The body of a journalist who was hacked to death in southeastern Nepal was cremated Tuesday as businesses and public transportation in the town of Janakpur remained shut for a second day to protest the killing . Uma Singh , who was murdered in Nepal Sunday , had talked about the difficulties of practicing journalism . Authorities said they arrested four people in connection with the death of Uma Singh , but they did not release the suspects ' names or possible motive , said Damakant Jayashi , associate editor of the online news Web site , myrepublica.com . "  Journalists and human rights groups have descended on the town , and shops are shuttered in what almost seems like a spontaneous protest , " Jayashi said . "  Journalists are all wearing black bands on their arms . And the FM stations in the city , all day yesterday , they played mourning tunes instead of their regular programs . " The killing of Singh , 26 , is the latest in a "  troubling trend " of attacks on reporters , the United Nations ' human rights office in the country said . It asked the government to investigate the case and prosecute death threats against other journalists . "  Doing so will send a strong message that there will be no impunity for attacks against the media , nor for any serious crimes , " the office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights in Nepal said . Singh wrote for a daily newspaper and reported for a radio station in Janakpur , about 240 km  150 miles  southeast of the capital city , Kathmandu . When she got home from work Sunday night , a group of about 15 men barged into the room she rented at a house and hacked her with "  khukhuris " -- curved knives traditional to Nepal -- in full view of other boarders , authorities said . "  I am very very shocked , " said Dharmendra Jha , president of the Federation of Nepalese Journalists , which is leading the protests . "  If the government is not ready to provide any kind of security to journalists , it will be very difficult to do journalism in a free mode . " The group said it will announce a new phase of protests Wednesday . Authorities do not have a motive for the killing . In some of her articles , Singh spoke out against the dowry system , where a bride 's family is forced to give cash and property to the groom 's family before the wedding . Also Sunday , a group of men ransacked the house of another journalist in the same region , leaving a cross on her door and telling her it was her turn next , media groups said . Police do not know if the two incidents are related . In recent months , the number of attacks on journalists in Nepal have shot up . The federation released a year-end report , recording 284 incidents -- including three deaths and a kidnapping . Some of the assailants have ties to the Communist Party of Nepal , the largest party in Nepal 's coalition government , according to New York-based Human Rights Watch . The party is led by Pushpa Kamal Dahal , or Prachanda -- a man who led a decade-long bloody insurgency before being sown in as prime minister . During the decade-long civil war , Maoist forces under him carried out numerous attacks on journalists they believed were opposed to their cause , Human Rights Watch said . And after he became prime minister , Prachanda issued a public warning to journalists while addressing a massive crowd in Kathmandu : "  Now we will no longer tolerate criticism as we have already been elected by the people . " Three years ago , Singh 's father and elder brother disappeared . Her family has all along accused local Maoist leaders of being behind the disappearances , Jayashi said . Singh , herself , talked about the difficulties of practicing journalism in an interview with the United Nations last year . "  Various armed groups that are mushrooming have been a major challenge for us . We have been compelled to dance to their tunes . ... This makes us helpless , " she said in the interview . "  What do we do ? If we do n't air the news of their choice , they threaten to kill us . Things have become very , very difficult for us . "	Nepalese journalist who reported on women 's rights hacked to death Sunday Uma Singh said before her death : "  Things have become very , very difficult for us " U.N. asks govt . to investigate , prosecute death threats against other journalists Journalists group : 284 incidents against journalists in 2008 , including 3 deaths
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Juan Almeida , a Cuban revolutionary who fought alongside former Communist leader Fidel Castro , died of a heart attack Friday evening , according to state media . Almeida , left , sits with President Raul Castro on January 1 , the 50th anniversary of the Cuban Revolution . Almeida , 82 , was among only a handful of surviving Cuban leaders who still bore the title "  Commander of the Revolution . " A vice president and member of the Communist government Central Committee , Almeida was among only a few black leaders in top government posts . He died of cardiac arrest late Friday evening , according Juventud Rebelde , Cuba 's state-run youth newspaper . Widely admired among Cuban nationals , Almeida fought with Fidel and Raul Castro at the start of their campesino-led revolution , participating in the failed attacks on the Moncada army barracks in 1953 and later aboard the famed yacht , "  Granma , " that carried the small group of Cuban rebels who would later topple U.S.-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista . Almeida 's death highlights the mortality of an aging cast of Cuba 's revolutionary leaders . Widespread speculation surrounding the health of Fidel Castro grew in 2006 after the former Communist leader underwent abdominal surgery and later ceded the presidency to his younger brother , Raul . The elder Castro has recently appeared in a series of photos and video looking healthier , though he has not appeared in public since 2006 . Cuban state media reported that Sunday will be a day of national mourning and that flags will be flown at half-staff .	Cuban revolutionary Juan Almeida died of a heart attack Friday evening Almeida , 82 , was a vice president and member of the Central Committee He was among only a few black leaders in top government posts Almeida fought with the Castros at the start of their campesino-led revolution
CNN  -- This is the Syrian border city of Kobani -- seen from above -- where weeks of fighting and aerial bombardment have led to widespread destruction . More than 100,000 refugees have fled to Turkey amid weeks of intense fighting by Kurdish forces for full control of the city , one of the last in the region to resist falling to ISIS . In the first image above , what was an empty field has turned into a makeshift parking lot -- with hundreds of cars , trucks and buses left abandoned by refugees crossing into Turkey . The second image shows Kobani 's eastern industrial zone , where some of the heaviest fighting has taken place . In the satellite photo from October 15 , more than a dozen buildings have been leveled by coalition airstrikes . The third image shows a compound of buildings captured by ISIS . Where once there were trees and buildings , now there is rubble and several massive bomb craters . Images courtesy Google Earth , DigitalGlobe , Allsource Analysis .	Satellite imagery shows the extent of destruction to the Syrian border city of Kobani The city has seen weeks of intense fighting between ISIS and Kurdish fighters A U.S.-led coalition has been pounding ISIS positions in the region from the air Images show what was an empty field has turned into a makeshift parking lot
CNN  -- When the roaring stopped , when the debris stopped whirling and the glass stopped breaking , the 4-foot wooden cross remained on the wall . It was a fixture in the emergency department waiting room of St. John 's Mercy Hospital in Joplin , Missouri , a symbol of the hospital 's Catholic roots and , perhaps , a comfort to the sick and injured who sought help there . And after St. John 's took a direct hit from a catastrophic tornado May 22 , it became a symbol of something else : Joplin 's resilience , the strength and compassion of its people and their determination to rebuild . On Sunday , the cross will be loaded onto a truck bed and will lead the way from the old hospital to the site of a new facility during a dual demolition-groundbreaking ceremony . Demolition of the old hospital building -- a reminder of the tragedy -- will begin , and ground will be broken for a new building as Joplin moves forward . "  It 's hard to say goodbye to the building that has been St. John 's since 1968 , " said Gary Pulsipher , president of St. John 's Mercy , in a statement . The hospital has occupied three different sites in Joplin since 1896 . "  But like the rest of the city , we are glad to be moving ahead and looking to the future . While we will never forget what happened here , taking down the hospital is another step in the process of removing the visible signs of the tornado 's devastation from the landscape , " Pulsipher said . "  As I drive by it , like everyone else , it reminds me of that horrible night that lives were changed in our community , " said Gary Shaw , a Joplin city councilman . But , he said , the building is also "  a testimony " to the past eight months "  and how strong people have been , and how they 've pulled together . " "  A lot of cleanup has been done , a lot of rebuilding is going on , " Shaw said . But "  people are still somewhat confused , and they 're going through , I think , a time of ` This happened . What do I do now ? ' I think that 's kind of where we are now . We 're trying to get over the shock of all of it . " The final death toll from the tornado was 161 -- including five patients and one visitor at St. John 's . More than 1,000 people were injured . The Joplin twister was the deadliest on U.S. soil since the National Weather Service began keeping records in 1950 . It was classified as an EF-5 , the highest ranking on the scale used to measure tornado intensity , with winds of more than 200 mph . Inside St. John 's , on the corner of 26th and McClelland Boulevard in the southwestern part of the city , patients were watching television , resting , eating dinner or receiving visitors that Sunday evening when the twister slammed into the nine-story building about 5:40 p.m. Windows were blown out . Cars were hurled in the parking lot like toys , piled near the emergency room entrance . Gurneys were thrown blocks away . In parts of the hospital parking lot and in a parking lot just to the west , 200 - to 300-pound concrete parking stops , fastened into the asphalt with rebar , were lifted and tossed up to 180 feet , the weather service said . The hospital 's helicopter lay crumpled , some distance away from its pad . X-rays from St. John 's were found in driveways in Dade County , Missouri , about 70 miles away . The building looked as if it had been bombed . "  The houses are all gone , " Sara Ferguson , who was near the hospital when the storm struck , told The Joplin Globe newspaper at the time . "  The medical buildings are gone .  The hospital  windows have all been blown out . It was horrible . I could n't even take pictures on my phone . I was crying . " The hospital was very nearly the only structure in the immediate area left standing , albeit severely damaged . Hospital officials swung into action almost immediately . About 183 patients and 200 staffers were evacuated from the building . Triage centers were set up outside . Other hospitals in the area opened their doors for St. John 's patients and others who had been injured . Doctors and nurses rushed to the scene . "  Within a matter of hours , we had almost more help than we could put to use , " Dr. Jim Roscoe told CNN at the time . "  I just ca n't begin to tell you , we 've had people coming from several hundreds of miles away , grabbing their stethoscope and anything they could get , and threw it in the car and came . " Across Joplin , people were also pulling together . The injured were transported to hospitals on doors in the back of pickup trucks . Businesses loaded trucks with donations . Restaurants helped provide food to those in need . "  You have shown the world what it means to love thy neighbor , " President Barack Obama told the people of Joplin at a memorial service for the victims a week after the tornado . "  You 've banded together ... you 've demonstrated a simple truth : that amid heartbreak and tragedy , no one is a stranger . " That same day , St. John 's was beginning to see patients in a tent facility set up across the parking lot . Built to withstand 100-mph winds , the facility had an emergency department , surgical suites , MRI and CT scan capabilities , a pharmacy and 60 inpatient beds , the hospital said . "  The building is not St. John 's , " Dr. Bob Dodson , who worked to set up the temporary facility , said at the time . "  St. John 's is the people who worked in that building . And they 're going to be the people in this building . " A modular hospital has since taken the place of the tent , said St. John 's spokeswoman Miranda Lewis , and a more permanent structure was built nearby . The structure can be moved , and can be used to upgrade other facilities after St. John 's moves into its new home , she said . In the days after the tornado , Mercy was "  a blessing , " Shaw said . They continued paying their employees , he said , and set up the temporary facilities . "  You have to admire that they did n't let it defeat them . " In all , five buildings across 47 acres at the hospital site will be demolished and cleared , according to a statement from Mercy , St. John 's parent company . Its facility is by far the largest , at about 750,000 square feet . Three medical offices and a rehabilitation facility will also be torn down . Typically , a building so large would be imploded . But underground lead mines made that an impossibility for St. John 's . "  Joplin traces its roots back to the early miners who settled here in the late 1800s , " said Dan O'Connor , the demolition project manager , in the statement . "  As is the case in many places throughout the city , those mines were filled in to make way for growth . While they can be made safe to build on , we do n't want to take any chances that demolition charges and crashing debris could create an uplift pressure that might cause damage to surrounding properties . " Instead , a wrecking ball will demolish the hospital 's west tower , and grappling equipment will be used to take down the east tower . The demolition process should take about six weeks , officials said . But before it began , crews searched the hospital for anything in good condition -- Bibles , artwork , memorial plaques , stained glass and marble . Teams began cleaning out and salvaging in December , the hospital said . Three time capsules were recovered -- one buried when the current hospital was built in 1968 , one when the east tower was completed in the 1980s and a third that marked St. John 's 100th anniversary in Joplin in 1996 . And , of course , the cross . "  The cross certainly has some scars on it , " said Terry Wachter , vice president of mission for St. John 's , in the statement . "  But they just add character . " Many of the items recovered will either be relocated to the new hospital or placed in a tornado memorial museum , she said . Other pieces -- plastic piping from the sprinkler system , windows -- will be studied and tested to see how they weathered the storm . Meanwhile , officials are making efforts to limit the amount of debris that winds up in landfills from the demolition . Steel , aluminum and copper from the buildings is being salvaged and recycled , hospital officials said . Concrete and asphalt will be crushed into small pieces and used as backfill to ready the site for redevelopment . "  The devastation from the tornado was bad enough , " said John Farnen , executive director of planning , design and construction for Mercy . "  We really want to take all the measures possible to care for this site throughout the demolition process . " Before the hospital comes down on Sunday , a demolition ceremony will be held on the hospital campus , part of several events designed to help Joplin "  say goodbye to the past and celebrate the future , " Mercy said . The Missouri Highway Patrol will transport the cross to the new hospital site , located about 2 1/2 miles away at Interstate 44 and Main Street . A groundbreaking ceremony will be held there , "  a celebration of Mercy 's future and the rebuilding of Joplin , " according to Mercy . Mercy has invested nearly $ 1 billion to help rebuild Joplin 's health care complex , according to its website . "  Though the tornado took our hospital , it did not destroy our spirit , " the site says . "  Mercy is rising again in Joplin . " After the buildings are torn down , the land will be readied for development by Mercy . Twelve acres have been donated to the Joplin school district for a new elementary school that will replace two schools destroyed by the tornado ; construction is set to begin in May . Options for the other acreage are being considered , Mercy said . Ideas under consideration include a memorial museum , a courtyard and a memorial garden . "  The future is just so bright , " Shaw said , as Joplin 's new hospital will be "  one of the most up-to-date facilities in the country . " Asked what the ceremonies might mean to Joplin residents , he said , "  Maybe the word is ` hope . ' " "  To me , you can dwell on all the debris , or you can think about what 's going to rise up out of the debris , " Shaw said . "  I kind of have a tendency to want to concentrate on the future . "	St. John 's Mercy Hospital took a near-direct hit from an EF-5 tornado in May The hospital is being torn down and rebuilt about 2 miles away The tornado was the deadliest ever on U.S. soil "  We 're trying to get over the shock of all of it , " a city councilman says
CNN  The Supreme Court gave proponents of same-sex marriage two major victories in 2013 -- striking down parts of the Defense of Marriage Act that denied the same benefits provided to heterosexual spouses to legally married same-sex couples , and allowing same-sex marriages to resume in California . Since then , a lot has has happened , legally , for supporters . Here 's a look at same-sex marriage in the United States , by the numbers : 37 -- U.S. states which allow same-sex marriage , plus the District of Columbia : Alabama , Alaska , Arizona , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware , Florida , Hawaii , Idaho , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Montana , Nevada , New Hampshire , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , North Carolina , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Rhode Island , South Carolina , Utah , Vermont , Virginia , Washington , West Virginia , Wisconsin and Wyoming . 13 -- The number of U.S. states with "  laws or constitutional amendments that deny the freedom to marry to same-sex couples . " 4 -- States involved in the challenge to the U.S. Supreme Court involving state bans on same-sex marriage . At issue is a lower court opinion that upheld same-sex marriage bans in Ohio , Michigan , Kentucky and Tennessee . 1 -- U.S. territory where same-sex partners can get married : Guam . Almost 72 % -- Percentage of people in the United States who live in a state where same-sex marriage is legal . 9 million - LGBT adults in the United States . 251,695 -- Same-sex married couples in the United States in 2013 , according to the Census Bureau 's American Community Survey . 60 % - Percentage of Americans who support same-sex marriage , according to a May 2015 Gallup Poll . 2001 -- The year the Netherlands made same-sex marriage legal . It was the first country in the world to so . 2003 -- The year the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that it is unconstitutional to criminalize sodomy . 2004 -- The year that same-sex marriage became legal in Massachusetts , the first U.S. state to do so . 19 -- Countries worldwide where same-sex marriage has been approved in the entire country : Argentina , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Denmark , Finland , France , Iceland , Ireland , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Norway , Portugal , South Africa , Spain , Sweden , the United Kingdom  England , Scotland , Wales  , and Uruguay . 2 -- The number of countries where same-sex marriage is legal in some areas : Mexico and the United States . 4 -- U.S. states that allow civil unions : Colorado , Hawaii , Illinois and New Jersey . 22 % -- Same-sex couples in the United States raising adopted or foster children , as of March 2015 research by the Williams Institute at UCLA .	Thirty-seven states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage . Thirteen states have anti-marriage laws . 60 % of Americans support same-sex marriage , according to a May 2015 Gallup poll .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Lee Thompson Young committed suicide in his Los Angeles apartment Monday morning , his manager said . "  It is with great sadness that I announce that Lee Thompson Young tragically took his own life this morning , " Jonathan Baruch said . Young , 29 , is best known for the leading role on Disney 's "  The Famous Jett Jackson " television series starting in 1998 . More recently he has been acting in TNT 's "  Rizzoli & Isles " as Detective Barry Frost . "  Lee was more than just a brilliant young actor , he was a wonderful and gentle soul who will be truly missed , " Baruch said . "  We ask that you please respect the privacy of his family and friends as this very difficult time . " Young 's body was found in his home at 8 a.m. Monday , a Los Angeles police spokesman said . "  Rizzoli & Isles " Executive Producer Janet Tamaro said the cast and crew were "  devastated by the news . " "  We are beyond heartbroken at the loss of this sweet , gentle , good-hearted , intelligent man , " Tamaro said . "  He was truly a member of our family . Lee will be cherished and remembered by all who knew and loved him , both on - and offscreen , for his positive energy , infectious smile and soulful grace . We send our deepest condolences and thoughts to his family , to his friends and , most especially , to his beloved mother . " Young , who was born in Canada , also co-starred on UPN 's "  South Beach " and had recurring roles on "  FlashForward , " "  Scrubs " and "  Smallville , " Baruch said . His feature credits include "  Friday Night Lights , " "  Akeelah and the Bee " and "  The Hills Have Eyes II . " People we 've lost in 2013 CNN 's David Daniel and Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Lee Thompson Young tragically took his own life this morning , " his manager says Young , 29 , is best known for the leading role on Disney 's "  The Famous Jett Jackson " Young 's body was found in his home at 8 a.m. Monday , a Los Angeles police spokesman says
CNN  -- Severe thunderstorms moved through southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois Monday , bringing reports of tornado touchdowns and significant damage . At least three children in Caledonia , Illinois , about 15 miles northwest of Rockford , were injured when the bus in which they were riding rolled over , according to the National Weather Service . The extent of their injuries was n't immediately known . The worst of the storm hit around 3 p.m.  4 p.m. ET  , knocking down power lines along a country road and hitting the village of Caledonia especially hard , said Boone County , Illinois , emergency management director Sandra Rogers . Are you there ? Share your photos and videos Heavy winds destroyed the Caledonia town hall and one home , damaged another three homes and knocked out power to more than 500 residents , Rogers said . Power lines were down near Caledonia , and additionally one business was "  almost completely destroyed " and a damaged grain silo was leaking grain , the weather service said . Heavy winds Monday afternoon also struck the Wisconsin town of Union Grove , about 30 miles south of Milwaukee . Some 36 residents of an assisted-living facility there had to be moved after heavy winds caused structural damage and forced the facility to rely on generator power , said Lt. Dan Klatt of the Racine County Sheriff 's Office . The storm also blew the roof off a building onto a nearby residence and damaged Union Grove 's sewage treatment plant , he said . The winds also peeled shingles from houses and downed power lines , according to Klatt , saying he expected power to start returning around 10 p.m. . He said he could not confirm that a tornado had struck , while adding that the damage was largely confirned to a path near highways 11 and 45 in the county . "  We 're surprised to by a storm of this magnitude : Typically , we do n't see tornadoes in late November , " Klatt said . "  We just want to get people back to their homes safely . " Union Grove firefighter Kris Nissila said heavy winds overturned several semi-trucks , caused "  numerous gas leaks , " and "  we have multiple buildings that are n't there any more . " "  Right next to my house , there was a garage that was gone , " he said . Additionally , at least two homes were also damaged by possible tornadoes near Walworth , Wisconsin , the National Weather Service said . That agency also reported another twister touched down in Lawrence , Illinois , like Rockford located northwest of Chicago . In addition to tornado-like winds , the storm at times produced hail up to 2 inches in diameter , wind gusts up to 75 mph and dangerous cloud-to-cloud lightning . The inclement weather wreaked havoc with travel : As of 8:30 p.m. Monday , delays at Chicago 's O'Hare airport averaged an hour and 43 minutes . The worst of the storm appeared to have passed by 8 p.m.  9 p.m. ET  , though thunderstorms prompted the service to warn of a "  severe weather threat " for much of central Illinois . In addition , "  significant snow " was forecast beginning Monday night and into Wednesday for much of north central and central Wisconsin . CNN 's April Williams , Leslie Tripp and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Storm prompts evacuation of 36 residents from assisted-living facility NEW : Authorities assessing damage , with thunderstorms still likely in Illinois NEW : Weather contributes to nearly two-hour delays at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport At least 3 children are injured when a bus rolls over near Rockford , Illinois
EW.com  -- On Wednesday , Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling received permission to build the most amazing tree houses ever seen on the face of this planet  and probably any other  . The tree houses , which , stand two stories tall and include a rope bridge , turrets and secret tunnels . And you thought your yellow slide was cool . Instead of being overwhelmed by seething jealously , however  okay , maybe there was just a moment of weakness  , we at PopWatch started brainstorming what Harry Potter creations we 'd like to see in our own homes . Who knows ? Maybe Rowling will get wind of this post and do something about it . 'Cause if anyone 's got the money to make it happen , it 's her . 1 . The Deluminator : I always forget to turn the bathroom light off . Every night . And every night , I lay in bed letting the yellow light annoy me until I find the will to get up and go out into the hallway to turn it off . Then , I inevitably trip over my backpack , shoes , discarded clothing , or Welsh Terrier on my way back . The Deluminator would end all this . Just a click of the switch and all the lights in the house would be off . Sigh ... Heaven . 2 . The Prefects ' bathroom : The bathtub is the size of a swimming pool . All the taps run different colored bath water . There is a tap dedicated to just bubbles . JUST BUBBLES , you guys ! You would never have to struggle to obtain to perfect bubbles to water ratio .  This is surprisingly difficult . 3 . Dishes that clear themselves : The dishwasher may clean our plates for us  if you 're lucky enough to have one  , but could you imagine if your dishes just emptied when you were done ? If they were suddenly spotlessly clean , with absolutely no effort on your part ? Come on , even putting the dishes in the dishwasher can be tiresome sometimes . With this , you could just stick them back in the cabinet right when you 're finished ! Amazing ! 4 . The Marauder 's Map : Remember that time you tried to sneak out to Erin Marks ' party ? And then you were caught by your parents and grounded for a week ?  I do .  That would never happen if you had a map to tell you where everyone in your house is . 5 . The Knight Bus : Not technically for the home , but it will certainly get you there faster . 6 . Monster chess : Actually , this already exists . What would you wish for , PopWatchers ? Sound off below ! See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Potter author is building Hogwarts Castle-inspired tree houses EW comes up with some other ideas to be built Dishes that clear themselves anyone ?
CNN  -- Mumbai is always colorful and dynamic but if you 're lucky enough to be in town for one of the city 's major festivals you 'll witness Mumbai erupting into glorious Technicolor . The spectacular Ganesh Chaturthi festival in Mumbai . Elephanta Festival  February  This two-day event takes place in the caves on the island of Elephanta , some 10 km from Mumbai harbor . The caves themselves , filled with carvings , sculptures and a temple to the Hindu god Shiva , are a UNESCO World Heritage site and make the perfect backdrop for the festival , which features performances from some of India 's finest dancers and musicians , as well as traditional music from local fishermen . Holi  March  This Hindu festival marks the start of spring and is celebrated throughout India . The most lively and downright fun of all Hindu festivals , the occasion is marked by people running through the streets throwing water and colored powder in all directions . Holi in Mumbai is as exuberant as anywhere in the country , but be warned : if you venture out onto the streets in shiny new designer duds you may end up with a hefty dry cleaning bill . See Mumbai 's festivals in pictures . " Ganesh Chaturthi  August/September  Of Mumbai 's many flamboyant festivals Ganesh Chaturthi is the biggest and best-loved . Honoring Ganesh  known in Mumbai as Ganapati  , the elephant-headed Lord of wisdom , good fortune and obstacles , the 10-day festival sees thousands of huge Ganesh idols displayed in "  pandals "  pavilions  around the city . On the final day of the celebrations the idols are paraded to Chowpatty Beach , where they are immersed in the Arabian Sea , accompanied by singing , dancing and drumming . What do you think are Mumbai 's seasonal highlights ? Let us know Nariyal Purnima  August  Roughly translated as "  Coconut Day , " Nariyal Purnima is a festival celebrated by Mumbai 's fisher folk to mark the end of the rainy season . Oil-filled lamps are lit in the Koli villages along the Mumbai coast and coconuts and garlands of flowers are thrown into the sea as an offering to the Sea God Varuna . Finally , brightly-painted boats take to the water carrying flickering oil lamps , marking the fishermen 's return to the sea after the monsoon . Janmashtami  August/September  Lord Krishna 's birthday is celebrated throughout India , but in Mumbai the festivities are especially eye-catching . Legend has it that as a young boy Lord Krishna had a fondness for curd and butter -- so much so that he would sometimes break "  handis "  clay pots  to get at the dairy treats inside . In reference to this , during "  Janamashtami " teams of men  known as "  Govindas "  form human pyramids to try and break the "  handis " suspended some 30 feet above the ground . "  Handis " filled with cash and prizes are set up all over the city and teams of "  Govindas " compete to break as many as possible in the course of the day .	The caves of Elephanta Island are the backdrop for the Elephanta Festival Ganesh Chaturthi is the biggest and best-loved of all Mumbai 's festivals For Mumbai 's fishermen , Nariyal Purnima means the end of the monsoon Janmashtami is marked teams of youngsters forming human pyramids
London  CNN  In his teenage years , there was little to set Mohammed Emwazi -- a quiet , hardworking boy with a few friends -- apart from his classmates . That 's according to Joanna Shuter , his former head teacher at Quintin Kynaston Community Academy in northwest London . Now 26 , Emwazi has gained international notoriety after being identified as the ISIS militant nicknamed "  Jihadi John " who 's appeared in beheading videos of Western hostages . But in his school days , it was a different matter . When he joined Quintin Kynaston at 14 or 15 , he was little trouble himself but was the focus of some bullying . "  He was bullied a little , but because he was quiet and he was reserved ... generally he was fine , " Shuter said . "  There were no massive behavior problems with him , and by the time he got into ...  his last years  he had settled , he was working hard , he achieved great grades for him , and he went to the university of his choice . " He just did n't stand out as troubled , she said . "  If there had been any concerns about Mohammed , they would have been picked up , and we would have intervened and tried to support him in any way that we could have done . " Born in Kuwait , but brought up in London from the age of 6 , Emwazi was one of the school 's many students from an immigrant background . The school 's intake is 70 % Muslim , said Shuter , with many students coming from large housing estates in what is a multicultural area of London . But its ethos was one of tolerance and integration , with all students encouraged to feel part of the school community . Staff made great efforts to get to know the 1,400 students in the school so that nobody would feel excluded or left behind , Shuter said . They also reached out to the sometimes insular , conservative Muslim communities that many of their students came from , she said , to try to help students who could feel torn between different cultures . Nonetheless , Emwazi was somehow drawn in by radical influences , most likely outside of school or through social media . And he was not alone . At least two other students who attended Quintin Kynaston also allegedly later turned to Islamist extremism . One , Mohammed Sakr , only overlapped at the school by a few months with Shuter . He was reportedly killed in a U.S. drone strike in Somalia in 2012 . "  He was very outgoing , jolly , sporty kind of person and fun , " Shuter said . Shuter sees social media as the greatest danger facing young people and their families today . "  I think social media is terrifying because it does have the power to influence young people in a way that as adults we have no power to control , " she said . She still finds it hard to believe that Emwazi could be the apparent killer with the London accent recorded on ISIS videos . "  My blood just ran cold , " she said of when she first heard the news . "  When I hear the name , I just find it incredible to marry what I 've clearly seen on the TV with the person that I knew . It literally makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up . I ca n't believe what has happened to him and the influences that clearly have completely changed him . "  I think it 's horrific , the idea that a young man like that could become somebody that people say is the poster boy for  ISIS  . I just think it 's shocking . " The London-accented voice is all too familiar to anyone who 's watched the videos released by ISIS of the killing of Western hostages . CAGE , a London-based advocacy group that worked with Emwazi , has released audio of a phone conversation from 2009 in which he talks about members of the UK security services questioning him . They asked about his attitude toward the July 7 , 2005 , terror attacks in London and the 9/11 attacks on the United States , he says . "  We 're going to keep a close eye on you , Mohammed , " he alleges they told him . CAGE has painted a picture of a young man driven to extremism by unwarranted harassment by security services . It says emails he sent the group paint a picture of a desperate man hounded by authorities who saw his plans for a new life crumble as he tried unsuccessfully to get help . But some analysts say the emails are only part of the story , arguing that investigators targeted Emwazi because they already saw he had links with terrorist groups .	Mohammed Emwazi 's ex-head teacher says he was a quiet boy , slightly bullied at school She says there was no sign during his school years that he was turning to radical Islam Advocacy group releases audio with Emwazi 's complaints of security services ' questioning
Editor 's note : On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and Chief National Correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . Herbert Hale lives on a check of a little less than $ 17 a week and whatever he can pick up from odd jobs . CHERRY CREEK , South Dakota  CNN  -- The tiny one-room house rests on a hill ; no electricity and no running water . A creaky metal cot and a rusting wood-burning stove is all the comfort Herbert Hale says he needs . "  All it is is logs , glue -- dirt and water put together -- then cement and the chicken string , " Hale says of his home . "  Long as the windows do n't break , it 's nice and warm in here . " The roof leaks a bit , and the floorboards are rotted in one corner , but Hale is n't one to complain . "  It 's home , " he says , almost under his breath , as he invites a visitor to have a look . Firewood is stacked in one corner inside , and more outside as Hale uses the summer months to stockpile for prairie winters , where 20 below zero is not all that uncommon . He also pulls bunches of long weeds in the prairie grass , to dry for use as a firestarter . "  I have to be careful , " Hale says matter-of-factly as he pulls a few fistfuls . "  Sometimes there are some snakes . Rattlesnakes . Nothing to mess around with . " He is 54 years old , a member of the Lakota tribe and part of two stunning statistics , even as communities across America deal with the pain and challenges of recession : Hale worked 16 years as a firefighter . But he began having some back problems in the early 1980s and then , "  cancer caught up with me . I have a brain tumor . " He says he gets a check for just shy of $ 17 every week from a tribal welfare fund , and tries to find odd jobs to pay for his food and to help out a diabetic sister . But there 's a catch : Tiny Cherry Creek has no such jobs . There are one or two one-room homes like Hale 's , but it is mostly a collection of a couple dozen simple modular homes provided by a federal and tribal housing program . It does n't even have a gas station or general store . So Hale heads out most days toward Eagle Butte -- 17 miles up one road and then 21 miles more up the next . A few more twists and , "  It 's about 42 to 43 miles , someplace around there . " Herbert Hale ca n't afford a car . "  Well , I take off , go to my sister 's , then get some water and take off . Somebody along the way will pick me up . " Often , that somebody is Bryce In The Woods , a member of the tribal council whose district includes Cherry Creek . "  It is bad , " he says of the area 's economic plight , walking a visitor through the gravel streets where many residents , idle because of the lack of jobs , are sitting out front or shout out a greeting from inside their small homes . To spend a day crossing the reservation is to see a place stunningly beautiful and seemingly forgotten all at once , small , poor communities tucked into the hollows of western South Dakota 's Cheyenne River Reservation . The poverty is all the more striking because of the richness of the setting : green and golden rolling hills , roaming horses and cattle , and tall corn and golden sunflowers sprouting from the fertile soil . "  Ziebach County is the No. 1 county statistically with child poverty , " he said . "  Now that alone is generational , with the trauma of poverty and the broken family . " Breaking that cycle is Bryce In The Woods ' obsession . He highlights a bright spot : A building in the community converted to a makeshift classroom and library where residents can get tutoring help and then take the GED -- the high school equivalency exam . "  It is so difficult , " he says of the challenge facing younger reservation residents . "  Some of our young people join the services , the armed services , some of them go to college or apply to college , " Bryce In The Woods told us . "  The majority , if they are staying here , end up moving to Rapid City or some of the bigger cities to try to find employment . " In Eagle Butte , the largest community on the reservation , a bustling construction site is a new source of pride . A medical center is under construction , thanks to funding from the Obama administration 's stimulus plan , and Bryce In The Woods says about 65 construction-related jobs so far have gone to tribal members . "  At this point I am very appreciative of what we have received , " Joseph Brings Plenty , the elected tribal chairman , says when we ask if the stimulus funding is enough . "  But as far as expectation , I can say no . There would be a lot more need to be fulfilled by the U.S. government for our tribe before I can say yes . " Outside , Brings Plenty 's office is a "  First Americans for Obama " sign -- a reminder the tribe was an early backer of Barack Obama . Brings Plenty says he hopes the president remembers . "  I can sympathize , empathize , with the demands , with the pressures that are on his shoulders , on his plate and put in front of him , " Brings Plenty said during a break from a Tribal Council meeting . The biggest help Obama and Congress could give , the chairman and others told us , is greater water rights . The tribe has money for more housing , but ca n't build because the water pressure is too low and its treatment systems too outdated to handle increased demand . "  I feel that we are forgotten because we do n't have that voice out there , " Chairman Brings Plenty said . "  It 's demoralizing in a way for some of our members that go out and receive an education and come back and are unable to get a job here . " To be clear , Chairman Brings Plenty and Bryce In the Woods say not all of the tribe 's problems rest with the federal government . Both mentioned obstacles and disagreements born of factional tribal politics and rivalries , which were in full evidence during just a few minutes of the Tribal Council 's debate . In The Woods is also a strong advocate for land reforms he says would get the tribe a better deal for grazing rights on its property . Still , they would welcome more economic development help , from the state and from Washington , but say their voices do n't always get heard , even in the best of times . "  When it comes down to a vote , a lot of the urban representatives , I do n't think they really know the plight on the reservation , " Bryce In the Woods said . "  I think there is a stereotype out there that all tribes have casinos and that 's not true . " Herbert Hale shrugs when asked if Washington has a responsibility to help his struggling community . "  I ca n't really say , " he said quietly . "  I 'm not into politics to tell you the truth . I was when I was younger , back in the '80s . " Now , he lives the simplest of lives . A few hours of work if he is lucky , and perhaps an hour or two collecting wood , even in the scorching August sun . The temperature neared 100 degrees on the day of our visit , yet Hale 's wood stove was warm to the touch . Prairie mornings can still be chilly . More important , memories of winter 's past remind Hale of the value of his growing stockpile . "  Sometimes it 's a long walk , " he says . "  Especially in February . Twenty below and I have to walk . Often no cars ... A few times I felt like falling asleep on the road . I told myself , ` Fall asleep , you 're froze and you 're gone . ' I pushed myself to keep walking . " Once home , he has a battery-powered radio and uses a small kerosene lamp to pass time at night reading . He 's extra careful because he recently broke its glass chimney , so the flame burns without protection from the winds that can pick up suddenly . Herbert 's worries are more immediate than whether the president or any other politician understands his plight . "  They never stopped up here , " he says . "  If they did , I was n't home . " On the odd jobs in town , $ 1 here and $ 5 there adds up -- not too much , but his goals are modest . "  You know , take the trash out . I sweep the front . A few dollars a day would n't hurt . That 's as good as you need . That 's all I care about . One day at a time . "	In nation 's poorest county , about 56 percent of residents live below poverty line Herbert Hale , who is a member of the Lakota tribe , is unemployed Hale gets about $ 17 a week from a tribal welfare fund ; tries to find odd jobs Lawmakers do n't get "  the plight on the reservation , " tribal council member says
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court building is getting a face-lift to its famous facade , seven years after a chunk of marble fell 100 feet onto the stairs leading to the entrance , where it broke into pieces . Court officials announced Wednesday work will begin next week to repair and preserve the front exterior , which is decorated with artistic friezes , ornate molding , and the words "  Equal Justice Under Law . " The project will take 21 months . No estimate of the cost was released . Access to the building will not be affected . Visible protective netting has been in place since the November 2005 incident , when either one or two sections of marble totaling about 80 pounds fell onto the plaza below fell onto the plaza below . They were part of the dentil molding lining the west pediment , above the Robert Aitken sculpture of "  Liberty Enthroned . " The episode occurred about 9:30 a.m. , about 30 minutes before oral arguments were to begin . At the time , about three dozen people were lined up outside the building , 15 feet from where the shattered white marble -- some about 12 inches by 10 inches in size -- fell . One of the witnesses , Ed Fisher , said the fall was preceded by "  a big cracking sound . " Other visitors , including some schoolchildren , picked up bits of marble that had trickled down the exterior steps , saving them as souvenirs . Former justice announces education project The dislodged marble fell from above a figure called Authority , one of three central figures in the sculpture , along with Liberty and Order . The building had been undergoing an extensive interior rehabilitation at the time , but court officers had no official explanation for what caused the falling marble . The court said that after an untold number of surveys , a stone conservation consultant has recommended work , including "  cleaning , pointing , bird deterrent removal , stone consolidation to prevent further deterioration , and necessary repairs . " "  The project will require the erection of scaffolding on the west side of the building , " said a court statement . "  The scaffolding and ongoing conservation work will be concealed by a scrim that will mimic the court 's architecture . " A scrim is a durable fabric or upholstery used in construction projects . The Corinthian-style building , clad in Vermont marble , was opened in 1935 .	In 2005 , marble fell 100 feet onto the stairs leading to Supreme Court entrance Work will begin next week to repair and preserve the front exterior Visible protective netting has been in place since the incident The project on the 1935 building is expected to take 21 months
CNN  -- Google Glass , the tech giant 's Internet-connected headset , is n't on the market yet . But that has n't stopped one lawmaker from trying to keep the eyewear off the highways in his state . In a pre-emptive move , West Virginia state Rep. Gary G. Howell introduced legislation Friday that would amend existing laws against texting while driving to prohibit "  using a wearable computer with head mounted display . " The bill does n't mention Google Glass by name , although Howell told CNN he was inspired to amend the law after reading an article about the gadget . If passed , the law would make West Virginia the first U.S. state to ban motorists from wearing Google Glass while driving , a Google spokesman said . The law would take effect July 1 . "  The primary thing is a safety concern , " Howell said in an interview . "  It  the Glass headset  could project text or video into your field of vision . I think there 's a lot of potential for distraction . " Announced last year , Google Glass is an augmented-reality headset that looks like a thin pair of eyeglasses and can be controlled by voice commands . Above and to the right of the wearer 's right eye is a small screen that can display Google search results , e-mails , reminders and other information . The device also comes equipped with a tiny camera that can snap photos and record videos . Google Glass is not expected to go on sale until late this year at the earliest . A price has not been announced , although the company has been selling a limited number of pre-order models , targeted at developers , for $ 1,500 . Asked about the proposed West Virginia law , a Google spokesman sent the following statement : "  We are putting a lot of thought into the design of Glass because new technologies always raise new issues . We actually believe there is tremendous potential to improve safety on our roads and reduce accidents . As always , feedback is welcome . " For example , Google has said its Glass headset could offer turn-by-turn navigation , with voice commands , to enhance the driving experience . Google has said one goal of its Glass project is to make technology available when users need it but unobtrusive when they do n't . The company said the screen on its Glass headset actually sits above the wearer 's normal field of vision , not unlike a car 's sun visor , and is meant for quick glances , not prolonged viewing . Google Glass has generated a lot of buzz in tech circles and beyond , with many wondering aloud about its practical applications , potential privacy concerns and its promise , for better or worse , of constant connectedness . Although he does n't want to see it on his state 's roads , even Howell says he is intrigued . "  I think it 's pretty interesting , " the state representative said . "  I would n't mind trying it . "	Lawmaker introduces legislation in West Virginia to ban motorists from wearing Google Glass Rep. Gary Howell says , "  The primary thing is a safety concern " Google Glass is an augmented-reality headset that can display Internet info Google : "  We actually believe there is tremendous potential to improve safety on our roads "
President Obama and Mitt Romney have turned China into an election-year flashpoint , with both candidates talking tough and putting some of the blame for America 's economic woes on the growing eastern power . The rhetorical fight has included barbs on manufacturing and jobs , while accusations have flown on intellectual property violations and unfair trade practices . "  China has been a currency manipulator for years and years , " Mitt Romney said at last week 's debate , adding that if elected , he would label China a "  currency manipulator " on his first day in office . He also accused China of "  cheating " and pledged a "  crack down on China . " Obama was more circumspect , but also said Romney had "  invested in companies that were pioneers of outsourcing to China , and is currently investing in countries -- in companies that are building surveillance equipment for China to spy on its own folks . " As the final debate begins Monday evening , the focus will fall entirely on international affairs and China will once again be on the agenda . Both Romney and Obama 's China-related comments during the debate last week irked Donald Gross , author of "  The China Fallacy . " "  They 're scapegoating China to shift blame to foreigners for America 's serious economic problems , " Gross said , referring to both campaigns . "  They 're actually exploiting the vulnerabilities , the insecurities that many Americans have about the economy and about the future . " "  I think it 's particularly dangerous to engage in that China bashing because it appeals to latent , but yet prevalent , anti-Asian prejudices that lie below the surface in many areas of the country . " The tough rhetoric portraying China as an economic boogeyman did not go unnoticed by Chinese netizens who took to Sina Weibo , the biggest microblog in the country . "  America ca n't solve its own problem so it always uses China as an excuse , " wrote @Longhuachuntian127 . Another user , @Shoujiyonghu 3031271431 wrote : "  China 's stealing American jobs ? Would you come here to get the job and paid one dollar per hour ? Shameless  Romney  ! " Weibo user , @Guanbenweibodingduanguandian took issue with the way Romney portrayed China as a currency manipulator and wrote , "  America is the true currency manipulator OK ? Why blame it on China ? Why do n't you Americans show how your exchange rates are calculated ? " Chinese sentiment toward the U.S. has cooled in the past few years , according to polling by the Pew Global Attitudes Project . In 2010 , 68 % of Chinese characterized their country 's relationship with the U.S. as one of cooperation , while just 8 % said it was one of hostility . Two years later , only 39 % described ties with the U.S. in terms of cooperation , and 26 % say they are hostile . Although the Chinese initially supported Obama prior to his election in 2008 , their enthusiasm has waned . Four years ago , 62 % expressed confidence in his ability to do the right thing in world affairs . Today , only 38 % of the Chinese surveyed expressed confidence . Both Chinese and U.S. citizens find themselves in the midst of leadership transition . On November 8 , just two days after the U.S. presidential elections , China will begin its once-in-a-decade leadership transition that will reshape the top ranks of the Communist Party .	During second debate , Obama , Romney talked tough on China Monday 's debate will focus entirely on foreign policy , China expected to surface Chineze netizens decry what they say is blaming China for U.S. economic woes
Chiquita Chavis is an Army Reservist who served in Afghanistan and is waiting to see if she 'll be deployed for a second time . But since returning from her first tour in 2010 , she has fallen on hard times . She came back to find that the civilian job she left had been restructured , and with only part-time work , she struggled to make ends meet for herself and her young daughter . They ended up living in a friend 's garage . "  I never had to live in the street , " said Chavis , 30 . "  But I  was  not in a situation where I could support myself on my own . " Chavis is not alone . While the Department of Veterans Affairs reports that overall veteran homeless rates are going down , female rates are going up . In fact , female veterans are the fastest-growing segment of the U.S. homeless population and are more at risk than their male counterparts , according to the report . Read the report on veterans ' homeless rates  PDF The VA says veterans become homeless for many reasons , including mental health issues and substance abuse . But it notes that female veterans can face additional challenges , such as sexual abuse . Female veterans are also more likely to be single parents , the VA says , which can make it more difficult to find adequate housing . Chavis ' luck changed at a job fair when she met Jaspen Boothe , a captain with the Army National Guard . Within days , Boothe had helped Chavis and her daughter move to a transitional home where they could stay until they got back on their feet . Boothe , 35 , considers it her mission to help her female comrades who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless . Since 2011 , she has provided transitional housing or financial assistance to more than 50 female veterans and their children through her nonprofit , Final Salute . "  Not every veteran is living under a bridge , " Boothe said . "  Not all veterans have mental issues . Not all veterans have experienced substance abuse . Some veterans have just fallen on hard times . " When they do fall , it can be hard for female veterans with children to find housing , according to the Government Accountability Office . It reported that 60 % of the homeless shelters that serve female veterans do n't accept children or have restrictions based on age or the number of children that can be housed . Read the GAO report on veterans and housing  PDF In the past two years , Boothe has opened two transitional homes in the Virginia suburbs of Washington , where veterans and their children can live for up to two years while they get their lives back on track . Her nonprofit also offers them assistance with child care , employment placement and accessing benefits or counseling through the VA. . Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes "  We offer wrap-around services ... anything they could possibly need to help get themselves back in a state of independence , " Boothe said . "  We give all the tools that you need , but your success in this program is up to you . " Additionally , Boothe works to prevent homelessness by providing interest-free loans or grants to help female veterans pay for rent , deposit and utilities . To date , she 's helped 100 women and children through her programs , and she has given plenty of personal support and encouragement along the way . "  I definitely am someone who relates to them on their level , " she said . "  I  let them know : "  Hey , you can get past your circumstances . They 're only temporary . " She should know ; she was once homeless herself . As a single mother , Boothe joined the Army Reserves to make a better life for herself and her young son . She was based in New Orleans and set to deploy to Iraq in 2005 when her life was turned upside down . Hurricane Katrina hit . Boothe and her son were fine -- she 'd already sent him to live with a relative in Missouri while she prepared to deploy -- but the family lost everything , and Boothe became homeless . A month later , she was diagnosed with head , neck and throat cancer . She underwent surgery and radiation treatment at Brooke Army Medical Center in Texas , but she was eventually discharged from the Reserves because of her illness . When Boothe asked the VA what assistance was available for her , she was told they did n't have any programs that could help with the challenges she was facing as a female veteran with a dependent child . They referred her to local social services , which Boothe called probably the most demeaning experience of her life . "  You 're treated basically as a baby 's mama or a crack head , or some woman who 's made a bunch of bad decisions with her life , and the only resources available were welfare , " Boothe said . "  I 'm not a welfare mom , I 'm a soldier . " Boothe joined her young son in Missouri , where she was able to eventually get her life back together . Today , her cancer is in remission , and she lives with her son , her new husband and their son in Virginia , where she is on active duty with the Army National Guard . For years , Boothe considered her experience an isolated incident . But when she realized that other female veterans were struggling , too , she decided to take action . For her , it 's part of the oath she swore to uphold when she entered the service . "  As a soldier , you raise your right hand , and with that comes certain responsibilities , " she said . "  One of those is to never leave a fallen comrade . ... So whether they 're in or out of uniform , they have me if they need me . " Boothe 's help has given Chavis the break she needed . "  I have a job now , and I got promoted in like two weeks , " Chavis said . "  I 'm really at peace here , and I can focus on what my next steps are . ... Jas set me up for success . " Boothe is determined to help as many female veterans as she can . At the end of the month , she 'll be getting another opportunity when she starts her dream job : working in women veterans outreach at the VA. . One way or another , her ultimate goal is to make organizations like hers obsolete . "  I do n't have a blueprint , but I 'm going to figure it out , " she said . "  It 's my duty as a soldier to help my fellow sisters . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Final Salute website at www.finalsaluteinc.org and see how to help .	Jaspen Boothe is committed to helping out homeless female veterans Government reports say female veterans have to deal with issues that men do not Boothe , a captain with the Army National Guard , was once homeless herself Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The Republican campaign battling Democrat Wendy Davis for the Texas governorship filed a complaint on Thursday accusing Davis of violating state election law . The Greg Abbott campaign 's complaint comes just a day after Davis returned from a campaign-funded trip to New York , where she promoted her recently released book and attended a campaign fundraising event , the Houston Chronicle reported . Davis , a state senator , soared into the national spotlight in 2013 when she helped thwart the first effort to pass an anti-abortion bill after holding the Texas Senate floor during a 10-hour filibuster . Wayne Hamilton , Republican candidate Abbott 's campaign manager , wrote that Davis "  converted political contributions to her personal use " in the complaint filed with the Texas Ethics Commission . But Davis spokesman Zac Petkanas fired back , asserting that the campaign funded the trip so Davis could attend a "  campaign event " in New York and did nothing illegal . "  Any other non-campaign activities were scheduled by and covered by the appropriate parties not affiliated with the campaign , " Petkanas told the Houston Chronicle . Petkanas added : "  One way you can tell this is a politically motivated and frivolous complaint is that the Abbott campaign filed it today without waiting for the legal opinion they requested on Monday . " Matt Hirsch , Abbott 's spokesman , accused Davis of violating state law and called her actions "  outright unlawful . " "  From her history of profiteering at the expense of Texas taxpayers while in the Legislature to using campaign funds to promote a book that enriches her personally , Sen. Davis has demonstrated blatant disregard for ethical standards Texans expect from their candidates , " Hirsch said , according to the Chronicle . Davis appeared on CNN , MSNBC and ABC this week from New York . Davis is the underdog in the Texas fight as Abbott , the state 's attorney general , holds on to a lead of at least 8 points in polls from this summer .	Greg Abbott 's campaign manager files complaint with state ethics board Davis traveled to New York on campaign 's dime for fundraiser and to promote book Her campaign says it 's on the level , but Abbott 's campaign is calling the actions illegal
EW.com  -- Awww . No offense to high school volleyball player Shannon Magrane  I totally just teared up watching her famous baseball dad 's proud-papa reaction to her highlight reel  , but I 'm glad someone went home last night . After Top 12 contestant Jermaine Jones was disqualified on Wednesday , I thought the whole week might be a wash . Elise Testone and Erika Van Pelt joined Shannon in the bottom three , so they all sat glowering like three icky girls that the stupid , stupid little boys refused to pick for their kickball teams at recess . Do n't they know how well those girls can wail ? That was a really poor analogy , though , because 1  kickball and recess are pointless , unlike "  American Idol " which is EVERYTHING , and 2  it 's likely the female vote that landed three ladies on the stools of doom in the first place . Please start voting for your sisters , sisters ! I know we all have a lot of texting to do , but you can find time to dial in for DeAndre 's hair and Elise Testone within the same hour , I promise . Try it ! Randy dismissed Shannon immediately following her "  sing for your life " rehash of "  One Sweet Day " by Mariah Carey and Boyz II Men , but earlier in the episode Ryan Seacrest confirmed that the judges will get to use a "  save " in this season 's horse race . Any time from now until the Top 5 , our steamy "  Neighwatch " lifeguards Randy , J. Lo , and Steven can rescue a contestant from the big bad sea of possible elimination . Remember last year , when the judges used their season 10 save on Casey Abrams two weeks before presumed frontrunner Pia Toscano was eliminated ? I can see them holding out on this year 's get-out-of-jail-free card unless Jessica Sanchez is in danger . I can also see Seacrest instituting a "  Ryan 's Save " out of nowhere so that he could keep his favorite pretty pony Colton Dixon around . God forbid . Oh , how Ryan teases his pretty pony ! His attempts to fool Colton into thinking he 's in the bottom three have been hilariously bad for three weeks running . This time , Ryan tried to blame Colton 's obscure song choice from Wednesday 's performance show . "  Unfortunately , my man , that has cost you ... . being away from your family this summer , 'cause you 're going on the tour ! " Do n't ever stop , Ryan . Keep on letting those crawfishy creative juices fly . Hmm , what else ? Pretty uneventful show , to be honest . I did appreciate that this week 's ridiculous Ford Music Video , which took place in a "  haunted house "  Ryan could barely get that out without guffawing  , could easily have doubled as an ad for Hi-C 's Ecto-Cooler .  Products from a Year Well Before Most of the Idols Were Born .  Way to keep the theme of the week going , anyway . Daughtry , who used to have a first name but nope not anymore , showed up all high on life from Tuesday night 's hookup with Colton Dixon at the Belmont . He and his band played "  Out of My Head " from their new album "  Break the Spell . " Right away I felt that Daughtry 's keyboardist had a decidedly Uncle Jesse vibe , and then as I unfocused my eyes a little  it 's a good way to relax and hear the music better  I started pretending that the lanky guitarist on the left was Adrien Brody . And maybe Daughtry was present-day Joey Lawrence ? So all in all it was a fun few minutes for me . For you ? Oh , I was also pleasantly surprised by Demi Lovato on her single "  Give Your Heart a Break . " She was just stomping all over that stage , grooving with her guitarists who were very excited to be rocking out on a Demi Lovato song , and pausing at just the right times to bask in the spotlight and dramatically toss around her miles of weave . I thought she sounded great . My vague impressions of Demi Lovato and Selena Gomez had merged over the years into one tiny , sequined , gelatinous blob prior to this . So now that I 've confirmed they 're two different people , I 'm pretty sure I choose this one ! Demi truly won my heart with that silver fringed scarf .  "  DWTS " premiere in three days , y' all . Okay , what are your thoughts on the Top 11 results ? Were you surprised that Percy Sledge uses email ? Would you award J. Lo 's dress a sparkly gold star ? It 's not like she needs another one ! See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Elise Testone and Erika Van Pelt joined Shannon Magrane in the bottom three Randy Jackson dismissed Magrane immediately following her rehash of "  One Sweet Day " Magrane was eliminated on Thursday
CNN  -- Britain 's Royal Courts of Justice agreed Thursday to send to the United States a man accused of helping organize a jihad training camp in Oregon . His legal team has been given time to appeal the extradition to the UK 's Supreme Court . Haroon Rashid Aswat is wanted in a case dating back to 1999 . Aswat , a British national , was arrested in Zambia in 2005 and sent to Britain , where he has fought extradition for years . His attorneys raised concerns about his mental health , according to British media reports . In a federal criminal complaint , prosecutors said Aswat participated in efforts to build the camp in Bly , Oregon , in 1999 and 2000 . The camp "  would be a place that Muslims could attend to receive various types of training , including military-style jihad training , in preparation for a community of Muslims to make ` hijrah '  to immigrate  to Afghanistan , " the criminal complaint stated . "  Once in Afghanistan , the men in the community would have gained enough familiarity with weapons at the Bly training camp to fight jihad in Afghanistan . " "  As it was used by the conspirators in this case , the term ` jihad ' meant defending Islam against its enemies through violence and armed aggression , including killing the enemies of Islam , if necessary , in order to expel non-believers from holy Muslim lands , " the U.S. Justice Department said in a 2007 statement on the case . Among his co-conspirators is radical Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri , prosecutors say . "  We are pleased the court has upheld the Home Secretary 's decision to extradite Haroon Aswat to the United States , " Britain 's Home Office said . "  The court agreed that the American authorities had provided sufficient assurances over the conditions in which Aswat would be held in the U.S. " In 2005 , British authorities suspected Aswat of involvement in bombings on London Underground trains that killed 52 people . But he was not charged in that case . Background on Aswat Former CNN Producer Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	NEW : Court gives Haroon Rashid Aswat 's legal team time to appeal the extradition He is among suspects in a U.S. jihad training camp case The case dates back to 1999 Radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri is among his alleged co-conspirators
CNN  -- The 3-D entertainment craze continues to spread to video games . Nintendo announced Tuesday it will introduce a handheld console that plays games in 3-D without the use of special glasses . The handheld device will be called the 3DS , succeeding Nintendo 's DS series of portable gaming consoles . A brief press release issued by Nintendo did not specifically state how the 3-D effect would work on the device . The console wo n't go on sale until June at the earliest . Nintendo said it will announce more details at the E3 trade show , to be held June 15-17 in Los Angeles , California . Tuesday 's announcement marks a new direction for the Japanese-based company , which had previously been dismissive of 3-D gaming . Earlier this year , Nintendo president Satoru Iwata said , " I have doubts whether people will be wearing glasses to play games at home . How is that going to look to other people ? " The new 3DS device is expected to be backwards compatible , allowing it to play DS and DSi games . The 3DS name itself is a temporary name until the official name is revealed at the E3 convention . Gaming blogs were buzzing Tuesday with speculation about how Nintendo will achieve the 3-D affect without specialized glasses . Kotaku suggests that it may work similarly to a Japan-only game called "  3D Hidden Puzzle , " which uses the DSi 's camera to track the movement of the player and adjust the image accordingly to make it appear 3-D . Nintendo said the 3DS will go on sale before the company 's next fiscal year ends , on March 31 , 2011 . Earlier this year , Sony announced a software improvement that will allow 3-D gaming on its PlayStation 3 console . And some game developers are working on techniques to show their games in 3-D on Microsoft 's Xbox 360 device and on PCs . All those systems will require the use of special glasses to achieve the 3-D effect .	Nintendo said Tuesday will introduce a handheld console that plays games in 3-D The device , temporarily called the 3DS , will play games in 3-D without the use of special glasses It will go on sale in April at the earliest ; more details will be announced in June
CNN  After thousands of deaths and months of futile attempts to avoid more in Ukraine 's fight with pro-Russian rebels , leaders on both sides talked past each other Wednesday , with one saying direct negotiations were off the table and another suggesting that the war be settled with a duel . Igor Plotnitsky , leader of the self-declared separatist republic in eastern Ukraine 's Luhansk region , said he challenges Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to a one-on-one fight to end the monthslong conflict . Regardless of whether Plotnitsky 's offer was sincere , it reflected a serious reality : A war that has spread misery in eastern Ukraine and heightened tensions between Russia and the West is still going on , despite a supposed ceasefire that the two sides signed two months ago . "  Let 's follow the example of the ancient Slavic leaders and glorious Kazakh chiefs and clash in a fight , " Plotnitsky said , adding that Poroshenko could pick the time and weapons , according to ITAR-Tass . "  The one who wins will dictate the terms to the opposite side . " Ukraine 's government made no immediate public response . But Kiev did say that two Ukrainian soldiers were killed and more than a dozen others were wounded in clashes across eastern Ukraine on Tuesday . And Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Wednesday that Kiev would not negotiate directly with the rebels , arguing that a ceasefire deal already had been made and all that anyone needed to do was follow it . "  Fulfill the Minsk agreement if you want peace , " Yatsenyuk said , according to state-run media outlet Ukrinfom . Minsk is the Belarus capital where the sides reached the deal . "  In order to guarantee reaching peace we need to negotiate in a format accepted by the whole world and , first of all , suitable for Ukraine , " Yatsenyuk said . Pro-Russian separatists have claimed control of parts of eastern Ukraine since the spring , despite a push by Ukrainian forces to defeat them . From mid-April to September 16 alone , the conflict had killed at least 3,500 people and injured at least 8,100 others , according to the United Nations . The sides reached a ceasefire agreement in September , but fighting has returned to levels that preceded the ceasefire , a British security source who has detailed knowledge of the matter told CNN earlier this month . Ukraine and the West have accused Russia of supporting the rebels by sending Russian troops , weapons and supplies . Just last week , U.S. Gen. Philip Breedlove , the commander of NATO forces in Europe , said that his government has seen Russian tanks , artillery , air defense systems and troops heading into Ukraine . A day earlier , Breedlove said Russia had moved "  forces that are capable of being nuclear " into Crimea , which was Ukrainian territory until being folded into Russia on the heels of a government turnover earlier this year . Crimea borders southeastern Ukraine , where much of the current unrest is focused and into which Russian troops allegedly have moved . The United States and European countries have imposed economic sanctions on Russia over its involvement in Ukraine . Russian officials have frequently denied claims their military has sent forces into eastern Ukraine to bolster the rebels . Unrest in Ukraine began with protests in the country 's capital last year after pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych , favoring closer ties to Russia , dropped plans to sign a political and economic agreement with the European Union . After months of protests and days of deadly clashes between demonstrators and security personnel in Kiev , Parliament ousted Yanukovych in February . Weeks later , Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula . In April , violence broke out in two Ukrainian regions that border Russia -- Donetsk and Luhansk -- as separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev . Journalist Victoria Butenko and CNN 's Brian Walker and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Leader of self-declared separatist republic in eastern Ukraine challenges Poroshenko Fighting has raged in eastern Ukraine despite ceasefire signed two months ago Ukrainian Prime Minister says Kiev will not negotiate directly with rebels
Washington  CNN  -- Civil rights leaders marking the 47th anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr. 's "  I Have a Dream " speech Saturday scorned a nearby Glenn Beck-led rally , saying it came with no message and with a presumption that King 's famous discourse can be used as a conservative platform . The Rev. Al Sharpton and a range of activists spoke at the event , which they called "  Reclaim the Dream , " insisting that King 's vision for America has not been completely fulfilled . "  Do n't let anyone tell you that they have the right to take their country back . It 's our country , too , " said Avis Jones Deweaver , executive director of the National Council of Negro Women , making a reference to the Tea Party members attending the Beck rally at the Lincoln Memorial . "  We will reclaim the dream . It was ours from the beginning . A dream that we will make reality , " she said at the Dunbar High School rally in northwest Washington , D.C. People at Dunbar stood shoulder to shoulder , filling half of a high school football field and the track around one half of the field . They also filled about five sections of the bleachers . Many of the speakers made numerous references to what America was like in 1963 , when King gave his speech . "  Schools all over America still were segregated and public accommodations housing was segregated and blacks in the South did n't have the right to vote . The march on Washington changed all of that . Glenn Beck 's march will change nothing . But you ca n't blame Glenn Beck for his ` March on Washington ' envy . Too bad he does n't have a message to match the place or that is worthy of the march , " said Rep. Eleanor Holmes Norton , D-District of Columbia . Following the rally , Sharpton linked arms with fellow marchers and walked three miles to the site of the future Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial , just a few blocks from the Lincoln Memorial . Sharpton and others could n't resist discussing Beck 's controversial rally on the National Mall . Beck , who has a program on Fox News as well as several radio programs , was criticized for holding his event -- which he called "  Restoring Honor " -- where King delivered his speech August 28 , 1963 . Civil rights leader the Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN that Beck was mimicking King and "  humiliating the tradition . " Beck said the site of his rally was appropriate to reflect on the legacy of King , "  the man who stood down on those stairs and gave his life for everyone 's right to have a dream . " "  They may have the Mall , " countered Sharpton , "  but we have the message . They may have the platform but we have the dream . " "  This is our day and we ai n't giving it away , " said Sharpton , who reminded the crowd that much civil rights progress has been seen in the last several decades but more needs to be made . Sharpton told CNN 's Don Lemon on Saturday night that Beck 's rally was n't appropriate for a day when people reflect on King 's policy message . "  Whose civil rights agenda did he lay out ? It was a motivational speech , " Sharpton said of Beck . "  It might be good , but it 's not civil rights . " Earlier Saturday , Sharpton noted that in 1963 , African-Americans had to sit in the back of buses and could n't check into segregated hotels . Now , he said , people flew in to the event first class and can use public accommodations . And most significantly , he noted , the president of the United States is an African-American . Sharpton also said that more progress needs to be made in education , criminal justice and other issues , such as statehood for the District of Columbia , which has a large black population . "  We 're not there yet , " he said . Education Secretary Arne Duncan , who also spoke at the event , called education "  the civil rights issue of our generation . " He said it 's time to stop being complacent about education and demand excellence . Sharpton said the conservatives who rallied at the Lincoln Memorial should ask President Abraham Lincoln himself why he led the fight against states ' rights during the Civil War to hold the union together . He urged the people there to read King 's speech and talk to people who endured discrimination in their lives . Sharpton warned conservative forces they 'd face a fight in the upcoming elections , and called on people to turn out to vote this year as they did in 2008 , when Obama was elected . "  We 're coming out to fight and we 're not going to let you turn back the clock , " he said . Other well-known public figures spoke , including National Urban League President and CEO Marc Morial , who said , "  We will not stand silent as some seek to hijack , as some seek to distort and contort , as some seek to bamboozle and confuse the vision of Dr. King 's dream . " Morehouse College President Robert Franklin indicated that King was treated respectfully by the conservatives . "  I am delighted to know that Mr. Glenn Beck and his colleagues discovered the ' I Have a Dream ' speech , " he said . But , he added , Beck needs to travel to Morehouse , the Atlanta college King attended , to learn what King studied -- citing , for example , the works of religious thinkers who influenced the late civil rights leader . A couple of speakers also noted the passing of Dorothy Height earlier this year . Height , a civil rights pioneer , had been chair and president emeritus of the National Council of Negro Women and was on the podium with King during the 1963 speech . The "  I Have a Dream " speech -- delivered on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial -- served as a symbol of the fight against racial discrimination . It was made during the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom , and is considered one of the most pivotal and memorable of American speeches . CNN 's Sarah Lee contributed to this report .	NEW : Sharpton calls Beck 's comments a "  motivational speech " Civil rights figures march to the site of a planned King memorial The Rev. Al Sharpton tells "  Reclaim the Dream " rally "  this is our day " Rally took place as conservatives gathered in an event at the site of the King speech
San Francisco  CNN  -- Faster , thinner laptops with hi-res screens . FaceTime video chatting over cellular networks . And a smarter Siri . But no upgrades to Apple TV -- at least , not yet . That , in brief , is what Apple will be rolling out to its users over the next six months . The company announced these updates , and a bunch of other significant if not surprising news , during a keynote presentation Monday kicking off its annual developers ' conference . Here are the highlights : Refreshed MacBooks The most impressive new product announced Monday may be a new MacBook laptop with a high-resolution display that Apple says will contain 5 million pixels -- 3 million more than an HD television . "  The new MacBook Pro is the most advanced Mac we have ever built , " said Apple CEO Tim Cook . The new "  retina display " MacBook Pro measures 15.5 inches across and contains an Intel quad-core i7 processor . It will feature up to 16GB of memory and up to 768GB of internal flash storage , Marketing Vice President Phil Schiller told attendees . It goes on sale today . Schiller said the new computer 's display -- similar to the one in the company 's newest iPad -- is the highest-resolution display of any notebook , or simple laptop , on the market . Users will get up to 7 hours of battery life , he said . The laptop is about .7 inches thick and weighs less than 4.5 pounds -- about the size and weight of a MacBook Air , he said . Prices for the new MacBook Pro will start at $ 2,199 for a model with 8GB of memory . Schiller also unveiled other MacBook Pros without high-res displays but with processors he said will be 60 % faster than current models . The 13-inch model will sell for $ 1,199 to $ 1,499 , depending on storage , while the 15-inch will be $ 1,799 to $ 2,199 . They start shipping today , he said . Schiller also introduced MacBook Air laptops with faster , new-generation Intel core processors . Prices for the 11-inch MacBook Air range from $ 999 to $ 1,199 -- $ 100 less than before -- while the 14-inch is $ 1,199 and $ 1,499 . They also become available today , which explains why Apple 's online store was down Monday morning . There was no word Monday on retina-display screens for the MacBook Air . "  The products we make , combined with the apps that you create , can fundamentally change the world , " Cook told developers in closing the keynote . "  And , really , I ca n't think of a better reason for getting up in the morning . " iOS 6 and Siri Apple also announced Monday that an improved version of voice-controlled "  assistant " Siri is coming to iPhones -- and , for the first time , to the iPad -- as part of its newest mobile operating system . A more efficient Siri will be part of iOS 6 , the next generation of the Apple system that runs iPhones and iPads . That system , which enhances mobile devices with more than 200 new features , is expected to be available this fall . Siri is going international : In addition to English and a handful of other languages she will now process Spanish , Italian , Korean , Mandarin and Cantonese -- a nod to Apple 's growing popularity in China . Users will be able to ask Siri to update their status on Facebook , post to Twitter or launch an app . Siri also is becoming more of a sports fan . She will deliver scores and stats , and as seen in an onstage demo can even tell you which basketball player is taller -- Kobe Bryant or LeBron James  it 's LeBron , in case you 're wondering  . In other iOS 6 news , Apple announced that its FaceTime video-chat feature for newer iPhones and iPads will work over cellular networks , not just Wi-Fi . As expected , Apple also is developing its own GPS-based mapping application to replace Google Maps in iOS 6 . The product will work with Siri to offer voice-controlled , turn-by-turn navigation , letting motorists use it to guide them through unfamiliar neighborhoods . "  In iOS 6 we have built an entire new mapping system from the ground up . And it looks beautiful , " said Senior VP for iOS Scott Forstall . "  We 're covering the world . " The Apple maps will include a local search feature , integrated with Yelp , that already has 100 million business listings , Forstall says . Apple also will enhance its maps with a real-time traffic application that will include anonymous , crowdsourced information from users . Apple 's maps app also will include a Flyover feature , which offers interactive 3-D views of popular cities . . Apple also said the next generation of its OS X operating system for laptops and desktops , dubbed Mountain Lion , will be available next month for $ 19.99 . Mountain Lion will contain more than 2,000 new features , including iMessages , speech-to-text dictation and predictive "  smart search " in the Safari browser . The new Mountain Lion system also adds something called Power Nap , a new feature that keeps your laptop up to date while it sleeps by automatically refreshing mail , contacts and other apps . Thirty billion apps and counting The event runs through Friday and is the company 's first World Wide Developers Conference  WWDC  since co-founder and longtime chief Steve Jobs died last fall . As usual , Cook began the keynote with a batch of new stats about Apple 's impressive growth . The App Store now has 400 million accounts -- the largest number of accounts with credit cards anywhere on the Internet , he said . Some 650,000 apps are now available . "  Customers have now downloaded an astounding 30 billion apps , " Cook said . Many observers had expected Apple to announce upgrades to its Apple TV , the little box that lets users stream movies and other content from iTunes to their televisions . Experts had said such a move could be a step towards Apple launching its own TV set . But Apple made no mention of its TV product Monday . Apple has sometimes used past WWDCs to unveil new iPhones . But because its most recent model , the iPhone 4S , launched only eight months ago , most observers do n't expect the next one to come until the fall .	Apple on Monday unveiled a new MacBook Pro laptop with a high-resolution screen The company also announced improvements to its Siri voice "  assistant " CEO Tim Cook led the keynote at Apple 's annual developers ' conference Apple also unveiled upgraded MacBook Airs plus operating systems with new features
London , England  CNN  -- British police said Wednesday they have arrested a BBC television presenter on suspicion of murder after he told viewers he carried out a so-called mercy killing on a former lover . Ray Gosling , 70 , a freelance broadcaster , admitted on a BBC show aired in central England that he had smothered the unnamed partner in hospital where he was being treated for AIDS . Assisting in another person 's death is illegal in England . Police in Nottinghamshire , 160 kilometers  100 miles  north of London , confirmed they had made an arrest after the apparent confession on the BBC 's "  Inside Out " show . Gosling made his admission in a taped segment of a 30-minute show about death , recounting how he smothered his partner to end his "  terrible , terrible pain . " He told viewers : "  Maybe this is the time to share a secret that I have kept for quite a long time . I killed someone once . "  He was a young chap , he 'd been my lover and he got AIDS . "  In a hospital one hot afternoon , the doctor said ` There 's nothing we can do , ' and he was in terrible , terrible pain . "  I picked up the pillow and smothered him until he was dead . The doctor came back and I said ` He 's gone ' . Nothing more was ever said . " Gosling , who has not revealed details of his former lover 's identity or the exact date of the incident , insisted he was not "  making a cause " of assisted dying . In a BBC Radio interview he said : "  Sometimes doctors do it on their own . Sometimes people do it on their own . "  And if it happens to a lover or friend of yours , a husband , a wife , and I hope it does n't , but when it does sometimes you have to do brave things and you have to say - to use Nottingham language - bugger the law . "	Ray Gosling admitted on a television show that he killed his former lover Gosling says he had wanted to end the pain of young man with AIDS Presenter says he is not trying to "  make a cause " of assisted dying
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jessica Simpson has given birth to a daughter in a Los Angeles hospital , the actress-singer said in a statement posted on her website Tuesday morning . Simpson , 31 , is engaged to be married to the father , former NFL pro Eric Johnson . "  Eric and I are elated to announce the birth of our baby girl , Maxwell Drew Johnson , " Simpson said . The baby weighed in at 9 pounds , 13 ounces and measured 21.75 inches long , according to the website . "  We are so grateful for all of the love , support and prayers we have received , " Simpson wrote . "  This has been the greatest experience of our lives !! " There is still no official word on when Simpson and Johnson will get married . Media coverage of the pregnancy included a nude photo of Simpson and her large baby bump on the cover of Elle magazine 's April issue .	Maxwell Drew Johnson weighed in at 9 pounds , 13 ounces and is 21.75 inches long Simpson is engaged to be married to the father , former NFL player Eric Johnson There is no word on when Simpson and Johnson will get married
CNN  -- Heavy fighting between Somali militants and African Union peacekeepers in Mogadishu , Somalia has left at least 19 people dead and 71 others wounded , according to a local ambulance group . "  What happened today was a horrific tragedy , the shelling was continuous and it was hitting a populated area of Bakara market where people were unwitting , so it was appalling many people lost parts of their body and were screaming , " said Ali Musa , director of the amblunce group in Mogadishu . Musa said his group collected 19 died bodies and 71 people with wounds . "  The fighting started 5:30 a.m. and continued into afternoon so there was absolutely fear and chaos in Mogadishu , " he said . Meanwhile , government spokesman Abdirisaq Mohamed Qeylow claimed that government forces pushed Islamic insurgents out of some areas . "  We have pushed the militants back and our forces have reached Howl Wadag intersection near Bakara Market , " said Qeylow .	The violence is called a "  horrific tragedy " A source describes "  fear and chaos in Mogadishu "
CNN  As "  Mad Men " returned for its seventh season , many viewers tuned in to see what happened next for Don , Peggy , Pete and the other characters of the hit AMC show . Many were eager to see the fabulous clothes the actors wore . We ca n't help but wonder -- was all that glamour real , or is it just the magic of TV ? We asked readers to share their snapshots from 1967-69 and show us what the late '60s really looked like . Janie Lambert , 61 , says she thinks "  Mad Men " portrays the decade 's conservative fashion and mod look accurately . But she remembers the late 1960s as more colorful and vibrant . "  My favorite looks in the '60s were the bright colors and bold patterns , stripes and polka dots , miniskirts , long hair and pale lipstick , " Lambert says . ` Mad Men ' and the other 1960s Many iReporters strived to keep up with the fast pace of the changing fashion in the late '60s . Patricia Anne Alfano , 66 , went from a British-inspired mod style cheerleader to a hippie in a matter of three years . In 1967 , Alfano was an "  Eaglette " -- an NFL cheerleader for the Philadelphia Eagles . Unlike today , the cheerleaders were covered from head to toe . The uniforms had long sleeves , and the cheerleaders wore gloves and cloth helmets . "  From the early 1960s until 1967 , I spent tons of time on my hair , " she says , noting her mod hairdo in the picture is actually a wig . "  Wigs were big back then . Everyone had at least one . " In 1968 , the style began to evolve . Alfano still spent a lot of time on her hair , but her peers began heavily criticizing all things materialistic , so the style became more casual . "  I was still ` fussing ' a bit with my hair , but the times were changing , and so was I , " she says . The changing fashion of ` Mad Men ' A year later , Alfano joined the "  flower children , " moved to California , grew her hair out and wore more flowing clothes . She says many women stopped dying their hair or wearing makeup . Some even stopped shaving . "  It was all part of the ` revolution , ' and the anti-establishment movement , " Alfano says . "  I must say , though , that through these turbulent times , I did continue shaving my legs and underarms . " Living large in Don Draper 's New York Vote now ! The third annual iReport Awards are here ! See the nominees and help us recognize the best in citizen journalism by voting for the Community Choice Award . In 1969 , the fashion changed to more vibrant , hippie clothing . Though Nikki C. Morris , 64 , wore a yellow dress with long white gloves to her high school prom in 1967 , colorful dresses in the late 1960s were n't too appealing to her . "  All I remember about the fashion of that time was that it was too colorful for my tastes , " Morris says . "  I remember thinking that most of the dresses and the girls wearing them looked like Easter eggs . I was n't a fan . "	CNN invited people to share real-life photos of their '60s fashions Let 's see yours ! Share your '60s pics via CNN iReport Discover your '60s personality by taking the CNN Sixties quiz How well do you know the '60s ? Take our quiz and find out
CNN  -- It is no secret that President Obama is in a tough fight for re-election . He is correct in describing himself as the underdog at the present time . In an atmosphere of high unemployment , declining incomes , and worldwide financial angst you would be correct in thinking that the Republicans are on the verge of having another big year . In order for the president to win this go-round it is essential that he faces a weak Republican opponent . This opponent would undoubtedly emerge from an equally weak Republican field . Thus far the Republican field of 2012 is a Democratic dream come true . This crop of candidates is not just weak , it is a joke . Now you are saying , "  There goes that crazy Cajun again calling the opposition a joke . " I can hear the men in wool sport coats with suede elbow patches scratching their chins . There is a collective harrumph from the "  it 's time to tone down the rhetoric " crowd of people . Before you condemn my rather provocative adjective in describing the Republican field , please consider the following : 1 . It is undeniably the duty of the opposition party to field a credible slate of candidates for the nation 's highest office . It is particularly important that they do so in times of national distress  and this certainly qualifies as such  . 2 . This situation in modern times is most analogous to the presidential primaries of 1980 . To justify my deeming the Republican field an absolute joke I have compiled a list of comparable candidates for your reading pleasure . This battle of rÃ © sumÃ © s proves incredibly entertaining -- feel free to indulge . Lets start at the top by matching up the front-runners : Mitt Romney vs. Ronald Reagan -- please hold your laughter because it 's only getting funnier from here on out . Reagan stepped up as two-time governor of California who came within an inch of the nomination in 1976 . He gave the keynote address at the Republican convention of 1964 and was a longtime consistent conservative for years prior to his running for president for the second time in 1980 . Romney is an accomodationist technocrat who is an ideological pretzel of a man . In his four years as governor , Massachusetts ranked 49th in job creation and Katrina saved him from coming in at 50 . But hey -- Romney has recently released a 59-point economic plan for recovery . Go ahead and name three of those 59 points -- see , told ya so . I have no idea why that right-wing clown in Dallas is attacking his Mormon faith -- it may be the only thing he really believes in . This one is delicious -- Rick Perry vs. George H. W. Bush . I 'm sorry , but Perry is Fred Thompson on steroids . To be clear , Thompson was actually a pretty damn good lawyer who has some intellectual heft to him -- although he hid it rather well in his 2008 race . On the contrary , Perry literally ca n't string two sentences together . His performance before the Values Voters Summit was universally panned . Perry could n't give a good speech with all the time in the world to prepare . We are now told the problem is that he does n't get enough sleep . Break out the Lunesta -- Rick Perry is coming storming back ! Note to the Perry campaign : You are supposed to give him the Lunesta after the debate , not before . I know Perry speaks some Spanish but I do n't believe "  debate " translates to "  siesta . " Bush was a war hero , a successful entrepreneur , director of the Central Intelligence Agency , ambassador to the United Nations , U.S. envoy to China , and chairman of the Republican National Committee . George H. W. Bush went on to serve as vice president and president of the United States . Sorry , Rick , I do n't see you filling those shoes anytime soon . Let 's match up Herman Cain vs Bob Dole . Like George H.W. Bush , Dole was a war hero , a member of the Kansas House of Representatives , elected to the U.S. House of Representatives , became a senator , was selected as a vice-presidential running mate , and chaired the Republican National Committee . He later went on to serve as chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , Senate majority leader , and Senate minority leader . Herman ca n't even make an edible pizza . Republican or not -- you have to admit , that stuff was pretty bad . Moving on to Michele Bachmann vs. Howard Baker  I 'm sorry I could n't help myself .  Baker served in the U.S. Navy , was elected to the U.S. Senate , was asked to serve on the Supreme Court by Nixon , and served two terms as Senate minority leader . He later received the Presidential Medal of Freedom and inspired the formation of the Howard H. Baker , Jr. . Center for Public Policy at the University of Tennessee . Could you see Michele Bachmann being nominated for a Presidential Medal in the near future ?! Of course , some people might say , to be fair to Bachmann , Baker has never claimed to cure anyone of homosexuality . I have n't even spoken of former governor of Texas John Connally who , unlike Perry , served as a competent governor , served as both secretary of the Navy and secretary of the Treasury . Even I am getting tired of beating this piÃ ± ata of a field . The other Republicans of the presidential primaries of 1980 consisted of Sen. Lowell Weicker of Connecticut , who was a liberal Republican and a rather influential member of the Senate Watergate committee  for those of you over 45 you can remember such a species . John Anderson , selected as a third-party candidate , went on to gain a significant number of votes in the general election . Phil Crane , a well-respected Republican , was thought to be an articulate promoter of conservative ideology . Harold Stassen would fit in nicely with the current crop of underwhelming candidates sure to disappoint . Ben Fernandez , the former ambassador to Paraguay , was said to be the first Hispanic to run for president . He has escaped my memory much like I 'm sure Thaddeus McCotter has escaped your memory by now as well  let the Googling ensue  . The two most qualified candidates , Newt Gingrich and Jon Huntsman , ca n't even get their own party to take them seriously . Jon Huntsman 's career can be compared to Lowell Weicker 's unsuccessful quest for a presidential nomination . Gingrich 's public ethical issues have made him a presidential outcast . Regardless , these three are notoriously marked by their inability to get votes  in their favor that is . I 'll conclude by saying that it may not be appropriate to refer to the Republican slate as a joke . I 'm sorry I take it back -- they are , more fittingly , pathetic . In times like this there is nothing wrong with the nation having a good laugh , just as long as it 's not at the expense of a major political party . The 1980 field in comparison to 2012 reminds me of the recent LSU vs. Florida game . Not to rub it in but the score was LSU 41 - Florida 11 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Carville .	James Carville : To win , President Obama needs a weak GOP opponent He says the Republicans are obliging Dems by putting up a weak field Comparison with 1980 's slate shows real gap in qualifications , he says Carville : In difficult times , it 's vital for opposition to put up credible candidates
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The San Diego County medical examiner 's office Thursday classified the death of former NFL linebacker Junior Seau as a suicide , but the finding will probably do little to answer questions swirling since he was found with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest . Toxicology results and the narrative that could reveal contributing factors in the death could take weeks or longer to complete , said Sarah Gordon of the medical examiner 's office . Since news broke that Seau was found Wednesday in his Oceanside , California , home with a gunshot wound to the chest , there has been speculation about whether repeated hits to his head over his 20-year pro career could be a contributing factor . 1994 Chargers team carries dark legacy There is no evidence Seau suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy  CTE  , a degenerative disease brought on by multiple concussions , though friends and family have stepped forward to say the legendary linebacker suffered a number of hits to the head during his career . As a linebacker , he played "  the most havoc-ridden position on the team . He suffered many concussions , so there is a strong sense that it played a role , " said Shawn Mitchell , a pastor and Seau family friend . Mitchell , who stood next to Seau 's grief-stricken mother as she faced a sea of cameras to discuss her son 's death , said the family had received calls from researchers asking to study his brain . "  Him taking the shot to the chest makes sense that he would want his head examined , " he said . The medical examiner 's office , in a statement Thursday , said it was awaiting the family 's decision regarding study of Seau 's brain . It said a final autopsy report may take up to 90 days to complete . The autopsy confirmed Seau died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the chest . While Mitchell did not identify the researchers making the requests , among the institutions the family could donate Seau 's brain to is Boston University 's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy , the research center that found former Chicago Bears safety Dave Duerson suffered degenerative damage to his brain because of repeated hits . Duerson committed suicide , shooting himself in the chest in 2011 and leaving a suicide note that said he wanted his brain studied for possible damage . Seau 's death follows last month 's suicide of former Atlanta Falcons safety Ray Easterling , the lead plantiff in a class action lawsuit against the NFL over concussion-related injuries . The lawsuit names more than 1,000 professional players . In both cases , Easterling and Duerson exhibited symptoms of repetitive head trauma : memory lapses , anger and deep depression , according to family and friends . And in both cases , researchers found signs of brain trauma . More than 100 former professional football players added their names Thursday to the growing list of people suing the NFL , saying it "  repeatedly refuted the connection between concussions and brain injury , " according to the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Atlanta by attorney Mike McGlamry . The NFL has repeatedly dismissed the allegations , saying player safety is a priority . "  Any allegation that the NFL intentionally sought to mislead players has no merit , " it said . Seau does not appear to have participated in any of the pending lawsuits against the NFL . CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , warned against drawing a conclusion in Seau 's case , though he said there were striking similarities between his death and other cases involving football players . The only way to determine if Seau suffered CTE is to analyze the brain tissue for "  hallmarks of the dementia-like disease , " Gupta said . "  We ca n't know , unless Junior Seau 's " brain is analyzed in this way , whether his death was related to CTE , he said . Though Seau had no reported documented history of concussions , Gupta said "  the hits do n't necessarily result in diagnosed concussion , but the brain is rattled over and over again . " Seau family friend Joe Gallagher said the former linebacker made a comment recently that appeared to indicate a possible issue . "  Junior had wanted to donate his brain to science to the study of concussive injuries , " he told CNN affiliate KGTV of San Diego . Seau was drafted into the NFL in the first round in 1990 out of the University of Southern California . He debuted with the San Diego Chargers , establishing his Hall of Fame potential as a Pro Bowl staple . He left San Diego before the 2003 season to join the Miami Dolphins and spent parts of the last four seasons with the New England Patriots before retiring in late 2011 . Seau amassed 1,526 tackles , 56.5 sacks and 18 interceptions in his 20-season career . Seau 's death rocked the Southern California city of San Diego , where he was a member of the 1994 Chargers -- the team 's only Super Bowl appearance . His reputation as a fierce tackler -- with a heart of gold for his community work -- earned him admiration and a legion of fans . Through most of his career he avoided negative publicity that plagued some in the NFL . But in October 2010 , he made headlines when he was charged with domestic violence after an incident with his girlfriend , and then hours after his arrest he drove off a cliff and crashed on the beach . Investigators later ruled the crash an accident , saying he fell asleep at the wheel . On Wednesday , Seau made headlines again . His girlfriend , who had just returned home from a workout , found him in the bedroom of his home with a gun lying next to him , authorities said . It is not clear if Seau left a note or an explanation . Funeral arrangements are pending , but are expected to be announced Friday afternoon . "  At that time , any specifics to be shared will be made available to the public , as we are waiting to discover Junior 's personal wishes through an Executor , " Mitchell said in an e-mail . In the hours before his death , Mitchell said he sent text messages to his ex-wife and their three children . "  They said simply , ' I love you , " Mitchell told CNN . "  They actually responded back to him with ` Love you too , Dad . ' " Alan Duke reported from Los Angeles , and Chelsea J. Carter reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Popular athlete 's death classified as a suicide Pastor and family friend says Seau suffered many concussions Seau texted his ex-wife and children "  I love you " before his death , pastor says His death is being investigated as a suicide , medical examiner says
CNN  -- More than 1 million GE and Hotpoint dishwashers are being recalled after a series of fires . The Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the voluntary recall Thursday of machines sold from March 2006 to August 2009 for $ 350 to $ 850 . "  GE is aware of 15 reports of dishwasher heating element failures , seven of which resulted in fire and smoke damage beyond the unit , " GE said in its recall notice . Three of the fires caused extensive property damage , but no one was injured according to the CPSC . All of the recalled dishwashers have front controls and a plastic tub , according to the notice . Owners of the impacted dishwashers are advised to stop using them and turn off the fuse or circuit breaker to the machines . "  GE will provide a free repair to all consumers with units affected by the recall , " the company said . "  GE is offering to repair the problems in homes for free , or provide discounts for the purchase of a new GE washing machine . " The recalled dishwashers include GE , GE Adora , GE Eterna , GE Profile brand machines models beginning with GLC4 , GLD4 , GLD5 , GLD6 , GSD61 , GSD62 , GSD63 , GSD66 , GSD67 , GSD69 , GLDL , PDW7 , PDWF7 , EDW4 , EDW5 , EDW6 , GHD4 , GHD5 , GHD6 , GHDA4 , GHDA6 and serial numbers starting with FL , GL , HL , LL , ML , VL , ZL , AM , DM , FM , GM , HM , LM , MM , RM , SM , TM , VM , ZM , AR , DR , FR , GR . Recalled Hotpoint machines have model numbers starting with HLD4 . Dishwasher model and serial numbers are marked on a plate on the left side of the tub when the door is opened . For more information GE can be contacted at 866 918-8760 or online at www.geappliances.com/recall	More than 1 million GE and Hotpoint dishwashers are being recalled after a series of fires "  GE is aware of 15 reports of dishwasher heating element failures , " company said "  GE will provide a free repair to all consumers with units affected by the recall , " GE said
New York  CNN  -- The New York Civil Liberties Union filed a federal class action lawsuit Wednesday against the city of New York and several members of the New York Police Department , including Police Commissioner Ray Kelly , challenging the department 's "  Operation Clean Halls " program , the NYCLU announced . "  Operation Clean Halls has placed hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers , mostly black and Latino , under siege in their own homes , " said NYCLU Executive Director Donna Lieberman in a press release Wednesday . "  This aggressive assault on people 's constitutional rights must be stopped . " The city-sponsored program offers police patrols in residential buildings in an attempt to prevent the use and sale of drugs , according to the official New York City website . "  Landlords can request that the police conduct patrols in the hallways and stairwells of their building to remove nonresidents who are loitering , " the site states . "  By challenging uninvited individuals , police are providing a level of safety to tenants that residents of doormen buildings take for granted , " Deputy Police Commissioner Paul Browne said in a press release responding to the lawsuit . Critics dispute the role of the program . The program , which has existed since 1991 , is part of a citywide police policy of "  suspicionless " stops and arrests that disproportionally affect communities of color , according to the NYCLU . The lawsuit says the NYPD program violates the U.S. and New York State Constitutions , New York common law and the federal Fair Housing Act , according to the court complaint provided by the NYCLU . "  The NYPD uses Clean Halls as a license to stop anybody , at any time , on suspicion of trespassing , " NYCLU Senior Staff Attorney Alexis Karteron , lead attorney on the case , said in the press release . "  As a result , people who live in Clean Halls buildings are under constant threat of being stopped , frisked , harassed and even arrested by police officers . This type of activity has no place in a free society , and we 're confident the courts will put a stop to it . " "  There 's a lot that we do n't know about the program . It 's really shrouded in secrecy and that 's one of the problems about it , " said Jen Carnig , NYCLU director of communications . Enrollment in Operation Clean Halls , is widespread , with almost all private apartments in some areas of the Bronx and nearly 4,000 private buildings in Manhattan enrolled , the court complaint states . "  Landlords invite the police in to at least stop and talk to people who are uninvited into the building , " Kelly told CNN affiliate NY1 on Wednesday . "  This is the level of safety that people have who live in buildings with doormen . I would suspect that probably the attorneys involved in this case live in buildings with doormen . " "  I believe the NYPD has a role to play in our community . But right now , they do n't make us feel safe , " Jacqueline Yates , one of the suit 's plaintiffs , told the NYCLU . "  We feel under attack in our homes . " The New York Civil Liberties Union is joined by the LatinoJustice PRLDEF and The Bronx Defenders in representing the lawsuit 's 13 plaintiffs . The lawsuit seeks a declaration of unlawful practices and injunction against the defendants , and in addition to several changes in policy , it aims to award damages as compensation to the named plaintiffs .	NYCLU files lawsuit against NYC and NYPD officers over apartment patrol tactics NYCLU says patrols unfairly target low-income communities and minorities NYPD official says program provides increased safety for buildings ' residents
CNN  -- The world of football is mourning the loss of Senzo Meyiwa after the South Africa captain was shot and killed Sunday during a botched robbery , according to authorities . Meyiwa , 27 , was killed by intruders who went into a house in the Vosloorus township near Johannesburg , police said . The goalkeeper , who won six international caps for his country , was also captain of Orlando Pirates -- a club he first joined as a 13-year-old . His last match was Saturday when the Pirates advanced to the semifinals of the South African League Cup with a 4-1 win over Ajax Cape Town . Orlando Pirates held a news conference Monday paying tribute to Meyiwa in which it also announced that its derby match against Kaizer Chiefs Saturday will be postponed as a mark of respect . Orlando Pirates chairman Dr Irvin Khoza told reporters : "  We are devastated . We had a session with the players this morning where as the chairman I needed to manage the situation . It 's not easy to hold back emotions especially on an event like this one . "  Senzo was not an ordinary player , he was a national and club captain . It was only natural that there would have been some tears this morning . I encouraged it . " Dr Khoza added : "  Senzo has been here since he was 13 years old . And he has written his legacy in this club . He put us on the map around the world . " Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs put aside their rivalry Sunday as Kaizer Chiefs players showed their support for their rival players by visiting the hospital in which Meyiwa had been admitted . Meyiwa 's international teammates also mourned the loss , with a number of South Africa players taking to Twitter to pay their respects . South Africa coach Shakes Mashaba , who also attended the Pirates ' news conference , paid tribute to a man he appointed as the nation 's captain . Meyiwa made his debut for South Africa in June 2013 and had played in the last four African Nations Cup qualifiers , keeping four clean sheets in the process . Mashaba said : "  As we were sitting preparing for the -LSB- African Nations Cup qualifier -RSB- against Sudan , it was Senzo 's name that was top of the list -- as player and captain . We called him one day to ask him one thing , and one thing only : be the link between the team and technical staff . "  Since he took on that role , we never had issues with the team and staff , we never had issues with players coming to us after that . He had that personality that meant that he could easily diffuse a situation . " Mashaba added : "  A good guy like Senzo will never just vanish . His spirit will live forever . Senzo was not just a goalkeeper , he was a peacemaker . That 's the biggest thing I remember about him . " Meyiwa 's death was not only mourned by former teammates and colleagues , but players and officials from around the globe -- including FIFA president Sepp Blatter -- as well as sportsmen from beyond the world of football . South Africa 's minister of sport and recreation , Fikile Mbalula , spoke of his regret at the loss of an "  icon " who had left this world ahead of his time . "  The death of Senzo Meyiwa has robbed this country of an icon and a legend in the making . Senzo died at the time when his career was reaching full maturity and the nation and the world were still expecting a lot from him , " he said in a statement . "  Just as the star illuminates , criminals rob us of its brightness . Senzo joins other sporting heroes who died when the country and the world was still expecting more from them . "	Meyiwa was shot and killed Sunday night during a botched robbery , authorities said . The 27-year-old was captain of South Africa and Orlando Pirates Tributes have poured in from around the world of football for the goalkeeper
CNN  -- "  The Big Bang Theory " is back in action . The top-rated comedy returns to CBS on Monday with its eighth season premiere after contract talks briefly held up production in late July . ` Big Bang Theory ' contract talks stall production But since the contracts have been hammered out -- with some of the leading cast members now earning a reported $ 1 million per episode -- "  The Big Bang Theory " is moving forward with what sounds like a season full of changes . Let 's hope Sheldon can cope this time around . Here 's what we 've heard fans should expect for season 8 of "  The Big Bang Theory " : Sheldon 's return At the end of season 7 , Sheldon Cooper  Jim Parsons  announced that he could n't handle all of the new developments happening in his life , and was "  getting on a train and leaving forever . " His plan to "  live off the land " did n't go so well , as he makes his return in season 8 's hour-long premiere after getting robbed on the train . As a sneak peek shows , Leonard  Johnny Galecki  and Amy  Mayim Bialik  have to head down to Arizona to collect Sheldon and bring him back home . Do n't expect a wedding for Leonard and Penny Penny  Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting  and Leonard may have ended the seventh season with an engagement , but executive producer Steve Molaro told TV Guide they 're not rushing the couple to the altar . They 're going to take it so slowly that Molaro is "  99 % " sure that a wedding wo n't happen in season 8 . "  We 're not anti-wedding . It 's just they 're feeling this out , " the EP said . "  Stuff with money and things like that can come up with them being engaged without us having to rush to the altar and change the fabric of the show . " Besides , Molaro added , he 's just not ready to see Leonard and Sheldon cease being roommates . Sheldon and Penny get new jobs Not to mention that Penny has a big career shift in front of her : The waitress/actress is leaving the drama behind for a new job as a pharmaceutical sales rep at Bernadette 's  Melissa Rauch  company . You 'll see her interview with her new , much shorter haircut during tonight 's two-part premiere . The new gig has the potential to rock the boat in Penny 's new engagement . "  It alters their dynamic because now she 's actually doing well financially , " Molaro told TVLine . "  It 's a new chapter for her . " Along with Penny , Sheldon 's also carving a new path at work . He 'll get to study dark matter as long as he takes a job as a junior professor . Yet it looks like no one 's interested in taking Sheldon 's course -- except for Howard , that is . Howard has mother issues Perhaps Howard  Simon Helberg  just really needs the distraction , since he 's butting heads with his mother 's caretaker , Stuart . "  He 's playing too many roles for my character to feel comfortable with , " Simon Helberg , who plays Howard , says of the new season . "  It 's a bit of a threat to Howard that he 's being replaced as a son . " Sheldon and Amy are taking it slow Amy was not pleased that Leonard and Penny let Sheldon go off on his soul-searching journey , and the couple 's reunion is n't exactly romantic . It 's Leonard that Sheldon calls when he gets into trouble , and when Amy shows up with Leonard at the police station , a surprised Sheldon asks , "  Why did you come ? " But the couple 's come too far for Sheldon 's social fumbles to get in their way . "  We 're always moving them forward in baby steps , " producer Molaro told TVLine . " "  They 're on the same trajectory that they 've been on since they met , and that is she is continuing to drag him along into this relationship , whether he wants to admit that he likes it or or not . He 's come a long way . " Emily and Raj are going strong Season 7 ended with each main character finding love , and that included Raj  Kunal Nayyar  , who 's now dating Laura Spencer 's Emily . The couple is still together as season 8 begins , and Molaro promises that we 'll learn more about Emily as the season progresses . "  The Big Bang Theory " will air on CBS Monday nights at 8 p.m. ET until October 30 , when it will shift back to its usual timeslot of Thursdays at 8 p.m. ET . See more comedy business content at CNN Comedy .	The eighth season of "  The Big Bang Theory " premieres Monday at 8 p.m. The premiere will feature two new episodes The series will shift back to Thursdays starting October 30
A food-delivery website is parting ways with Facebook in a snarky "  breakup " letter . And Facebook , like spurned lovers through the ages , is telling the cheeky startup not to let the door hit it on the way out . Eat24 , based in San Bruno , California , lets users enter their address to find restaurants that will deliver to them . They then select a restaurant and order online . The site has more than 70,000 "  likes " on Facebook . But last week , it announced it just was n't that into the social media giant anymore . "  Dear Facebook , Hey . It 's Eat24 . Look , we need to talk , " read a post on the Eat24 blog . "  This is n't easy to say since we 've been together so long , but we need to break up . We 'd love to say ` It 's not you , it 's us ' but it 's totally you . Not to be rude , but you are n't the smart , funny social network we fell in love with several years back . You 've changed . A lot . " The problem ? Eat24 says Facebook 's algorithm that decides which posts users see in their feeds is unfair and rewards page owners who pay to have their posts promoted . "  It makes us think all you care about is money , " the letter reads . "  Why should we have to wade through a dozen promoted posts about how to lose belly fat  are you trying to tell us something ?  and requests for Candy Crush  NO ! Just no .  and suggesting we like our arch nemesis ' page  seriously , WTF  before we can finally find the perfect Doge meme ? It really seems like you 've lost your way and have become nothing more than an ad platform . " The letter says Eat24 will delete its page at midnight Monday . In an uncharacteristically direct response , Brandon McCormick , Facebook 's communications director , replied to the post in which the company shared the letter -- perhaps ironically -- on Facebook . "  I was bummed to read your letter , " he wrote . "  The world is so much more complicated than when we first met -- it has changed . And we used to love your jokes about tacquitos and 420 but now they do n't seem so funny . " The irreverent 5-year-old site , which has bragged about its decision to advertise on porn websites and joked about its TV ads that  allegedly accidentally  showed a bear 's penis , mostly posted Web memes and pictures of food on its Facebook page . And the "  breakup letter " included a joke about making a decision because "  it was 4:20 at the time . " That 's a reference to a term that 's become code for the best time to smoke marijuana . Facebook has defended its algorithm , which features some posts prominently while downplaying others . While many users say they want to see every post from their friends and all the pages they 've liked , Facebook argues that would create an overwhelming flood of lower-quality content . In his response to Eat24 , Facebook 's McCormick did n't address the promoted-post issue but suggested users prefer to see news from friends over companies ' marketing pitches . "  There is some serious stuff happening in the world and one of my best friends just had a baby and another one just took the best photo of his homemade cupcakes and what we have come to realize is people care about those things more than sushi porn , " McCormick said . "  So we are sorry that we have to part this way because we think we could still be friends -- really we do . But we totally respect you if you need some space . " Facebook appears to have made a concerted effort to limit how much content users see from companies ' pages . A recent study found that companies ' posts reached 6 % of their followers in February , down from 12 % in October . "  Like many mediums , if businesses want to make sure that people see their content , the best strategy is , and always has been , paid advertising , " a spokeswoman told Time . In its letter , Eat24 , which is available exclusively in the United States , says it previously paid Facebook to promote some of its posts and saw its follower count swell with users from other countries . It said the company plans to continue its social media activities on other sites and apps . "  Not to hit below the belt , but we have a lot more fun when we hang out with Twitter and Instagram , " the letter reads . "  They do n't have weird algorithms , which means all of our besties get to see everything we post . " Instagram , of course , has been owned by Facebook since 2012 . Ironically , Eat24 's breakup letter appears to be , far and away , its most popular post on the site . As of Monday morning , it had more than 2,200 "  likes " and had been shared nearly 1,000 times . Its other most recent posts ranged in "  likes " from a dozen or so up to about 180 . Most of the comments were supportive , even when some fans sensed an ulterior motive . "  I know this is a PR stunt , but this is my favorite PR stunt , " one user wrote . "  As always -- brilliant , guys . " The company 's reply : "  No comment , except thank you . "	Eat24 website is "  breaking up " with Facebook , which is firing back Food-delivery site says Facebook 's algorithm minimizes its posts Facebook rep : Users want to see more important content Facebook has encouraged businesses to pay for advertising
CNN  -- Ah , the 21st century . Too bad no one 's figured out an antidote . Wait a minute , some places have . At these wellness retreats and spas , you do n't just detox your body , your mind and emotions get a vacation , as well . 1 . Simply Healing , England Ever been tempted to try a juice fast , but not the type who suffers privation easily ? Simply Healing specializes in personalized juice detox programs at Alliblaster House , a retreat located in a 19th-century Georgian mansion , less than two hours from London . The ambiance is smart but far from formal . Therapeutic treatments are among the best you 'll find in the UK , the juices are delicious and filling and staff are kind . Founder Vivien Kay is a keen traveler , and rooms are scattered with art and curios from her adventures . Walks in the surrounding countryside are glorious , too . Five-day Essential Juice Detox plan from US$ 1,950 ; +44  0  1403 822117 ; www.simplyhealingcentre.com 2 . Ananda , India High above the Ganges in the Himalayan foothills , this retreat is renowned for its Ayurvedic healing programs , yoga and meditation , daily vedanta  philosophy  classes , wellness packages and spa . In Sanskrit , "  ananda " means "  bliss , " and spa addicts worldwide rave about the magical qualities of the place -- the tranquil setting , crisp mountain air , lush scenery and view of the holy Ganges . Clients are well catered for with excursions , safaris and whitewater rafting . Five-night Wellness Experience package from US$ 600 , per night ; +91 1378 227500 ; www.anandaspa.com 3 . Longevity Wellness Resort , Portugal A combo resort and medical spa , Longevity Wellness Resort is located inside a nature reserve about 20 minutes and a world away from the touristy beach hub of the Algarve . Nutrition , relaxation , beauty and anti-aging experts iron out the creases and you can take off for hikes in the hills , birdwatching trips and even excursions to swim with dolphins . Themed retreats -- with titles like "  Total Balance and Awareness " and "  Personal Power " -- are also available . Two-night Longevity Welcome Ritual from US$ 325 ; +351 282 240 110 ; www.longevitywellnessresort.com 4 . Six Senses Zighy Bay , Oman How many spas can you paraglide into ? Zighy Bay 's Bond-ish arrival option ranks as one of the coolest on the planet . But it 's not all adrenaline-charged . The resort is geared toward relaxation and repose , with a dedicated spa . Located in the Musandam Peninsula , with mountains to one side and beach on the other , one could hardly ask for a grander setting . Equally tantalizing are the three - , five - and seven-day detox , fitness , de-stressing and adventure programs  with customizable options  . Five-night Sense of De-stress retreat from US$ 4,573 ; +968 26735 555 ; www.sixsenses.com/SixSensesZighyBay 5 . Fordoun , South Africa Dr. Elliot Ndlovu is a Zulu spiritual healer and director of Fordoun , one of South Africa 's top-rated spas . The family owned place is located on a former dairy farm in the hills of Kwazulu Natal province 's Midlands and surrounded by a working cattle farm . Its motto is "  Ubuntu , " a Zulu phrase that roughly translates as "  treat others as you would like to be treated . " The indigenous-themed treatments , walks , birdwatching , trout fishing and ballooning are all restful activities , but the star attraction is a session with Ndlovu , who a few years back traveled to the Oscars in L.A. to give readings to a bevy of A-list stars . Two-night stress relief package from US$ 289 per night , based on single occupancy ; +27  0  33 266 6217 ; www.fordoun.com 6 . Kamalaya , Thailand Kamalaya consistently garners rapturous reviews . It 's on the island of Koh Samui and built around a cave once inhabited by a Buddhist monk . That pretty much sets the tone . There 's an impressive roster of therapists and visiting experts , as well as three different 14-day wellness programs , including ones devoted to stress and burnout and sleep enhancement . Yoga , pilates , meditation , a library , swimming pool and landscaped gardens provide more ways to find peace and quiet . Five-night Sleep Enhancement program from US$ 1,876 ; +66  0  77 429 800 ; www.kamalaya.com 7 . Spa Eastman , Canada In Quebec 's Eastern Townships , an hour from Montreal , Spa Eastman is one of Canada 's top spas and also one of its more affordable . It 's in a beautiful location , with unobstructed views of Mount Orford and some good hiking options . Aside from a selection of therapies , fitness offerings and guided walks , the spa specializes in "  thermotherapy " with a Turkish bath and outdoor pools . This is also one of the few spas to offer Watsu , a sort of warm water , balletic massage that is positively stupor-inducing . Guests can attend lectures and workshops on the art of healthy living . Two-night health and wellness immersion package from US$ 711 ; +1 450 297 3009 ; www.spa-eastman.com 8 . Transformational Retreats , Costa Rica These 10-day retreats in the hills above the Pacific coast , or at an eco-center deep in the jungle , are the only in the world that specialize in "  neurofeedback . " The non-invasive therapy has been used with great effect to reduce anxiety and improve concentration , confidence and well being by monitoring brain activity in real time . Those who 've tried it believe it to be a hotline to the deep state of relaxed alertness one seeks through meditation and yoga . Perceptual shifts are a benefit , too . The retreat also offers mentoring , yoga and meditation , hikes , fantastic fresh food , therapies , massage and the pristine silence of the rainforest . Ten-day Be Brilliant retreat from US$ 7,200 ; +506 2787 4191 ; www.transformational-retreats.com 9 . Gaia Retreat and Spa , Australia Subtropical Byron Bay is home to this award-winning retreat and spa . Olivia Newton-John is one of its founders . With just 19 bedrooms and views of the Pacific Ocean , it 's a magnificent healing space . The retreat attracts some of Australia 's finest healers , therapists and fitness experts , and there 's everything from hypnotherapy to sound healing , acupuncture and even tennis coaching alongside spa indulgence . Stays are tailored for guests looking for a "  personal , purpose driven retreat . " Two-night spa retreat special from US$ 1,186 ; +61 2 6687 1216 ; www.gaiaretreat.com.au 10 . Amangiri , United States Rising from the desert like a movie hideaway , remote Amangiri has welcomed some starry guests , including , reportedly , the Jolie-Pitts . Located in the dramatic Canyon Point area of southern Utah , the spa was designed to blend into its sand and rock-strewn surroundings . Local Navajo culture and healing therapies have influenced the spa menu , there 's a flotation room , fitness center , yoga pavilion  for private and group classes  and some good trails on the vast property . Iconic Zion and Bryce Canyon national parks are easily accessible . From US$ 1,109 per night ; www.amanresorts.com	Ananda , India : Renowned for its Ayurvedic healing programs , yoga and meditation . Six Senses Zighy Bay , Oman : Located in the Musandam Peninsula , with mountains on one side , beach on the other . Spa Eastman , Canada : One of the country 's top spas , and affordable , too .
CNN  -- Republicans and Democrats have entered into an impeachment frenzy over the past few weeks . The impeachment wars began when a small group of Republicans started to make noise about the possibility of impeaching President Obama . The most high profile of the bunch was former Alaska governor and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin . In her characteristic way of getting right to the partisan point , Palin published an article on Breitbart.com in which she said , without specifying the exact grounds for her argument beyond her sense of a "  lawless " president , that , "  It 's time to impeach . " Palin was not alone . Several Republicans in Congress had mentioned the possibility of impeachment in the spring , including Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann and Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert . On the Sunday morning talk shows , Majority Whip Steve Scalise refused to rule it out . Some observers believe that , even though he has denied the GOP will pursue this option , Speaker of the House John Boehner has fueled the fires by filing a lawsuit against the President over his use of executive power . Democrats have responded by using the threat of impeachment as a fundraising tool . They have blasted out a series of e-mails to supporters asking for money , warning that if Democrats do n't do well in the midterm elections in November , the next two years will bring a revival of the late-1990s when House Republicans voted to impeach President Bill Clinton . In one of the messages from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , the "  Red Alert " warning said the speaker 's lawsuit "  has opened the door to impeachment , " according to the White House , and that the Washington Post confirmed Boehner refused to "  say impeachment is off the table . " Indeed , White House adviser Dan Pfeiffer said he would "  not discount the possibility " of impeachment while the White House press secretary agreed there were some Republicans "  who are running for office , hoping that they can get into office so that they can impeach the President . " The parties are playing games with impeachment , an unfortunate and dangerous development . The impeachment process is meant to be a tool of last resort , a constitutional mechanism through which Congress has the capacity to remove a president who has engaged in criminal behavior , committing "  treason , bribery or other high crimes and misdemeanors . " When it is simply not possible to wait until the next presidential election to resolve the question of whether someone who has committed serious offenses should be in the White House , this is the only tool Congress has at its disposal . Forty years ago , Congress turned to impeachment when confronted with a president , Richard Nixon , who brazenly used executive power to obstruct an investigation into wrongdoing within his administration surrounding the break-in at the Democratic headquarters at the Watergate complex . Congress never reached the point of voting to impeach him , though they would have , only because Nixon resigned 40 year ago this week . At other times "  impeachment " has been much more of a political tool . Often impeachment has been a threat used by opponents of a public figure . Starting in 1961 , conservative activists famously carried signs calling for the impeachment of Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren , whose court made landmark progressive rulings on issues like school segregation and the rights of crime suspects . "  Save Our Republic : Impeach Earl Warren , " their banners said . During Reconstruction , "  Radical Republicans " attempted to impeach Republican President Andrew Johnson for having violated the Tenure of Office Act . The real reason behind their drive to impeach was a frustration with Johnson 's failure to enforce the Reconstruction Acts and disagreements with him over how to handle race relations in the post-Civil War period . Most famously , and most relevant to many Republicans who are terrified about their colleagues carrying this too far , the heated partisan climate of the 1990s culminated with the House Republicans voting to impeach President Bill Clinton for lying under oath about the facts in a case involving his affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky . The Senate Republicans pulled the Congress back from the brink of convicting Clinton and removing him from office . As Boehner and other Republicans remember , the impeachment backfired on the GOP as Clinton 's approval ratings skyrocketed and theirs plummeted . During George W. Bush 's presidency , some Democrats called for impeachment based on allegations he had misused executive authority and tricked the public into a war based on the false premise of Iraq having weapons of mass destruction . The current use of impeachment as a political tool comes at a time when all parts of the legislative process seem subject to politicization . Nothing seems to be off limits . In 2011 , the nation witnessed how the decision to raise the debt ceiling , the routine process through which Congress agreed to pay for spending that they authorized , became a volatile political weapon used to extract compromises over spending cuts with the draconian threat of sending the nation , and the world , into economic chaos if Obama did not comply . Now we are seeing the same with impeachment , though still in the earliest of stages . But it is important for the leaders of both parties to push back and resist the temptation of reliving the 1990s and using this mechanism as yet another tool in the partisan wars . Fortunately , the nation has not needed to use the impeachment tool very often . Generally mechanisms such as congressional oversight and Justice Department prosecutors have been sufficient to contain presidential misbehavior . That does n't satisfy the harshest Republican critics of President Obama . They claim he has misused executive power in making adjustments in the implementation of the Affordable Care Act , such as delaying the employer mandate . Some also say he has failed to enforce immigration control legislation . Ironically , though Republicans stood by President George W. Bush when he deployed executive power on matters of national security and domestic policy , they now claim that President Obama is circumventing Congress in excessive fashion . The complaints about growing executive power are clearly worthy of debate . Indeed , both parties , who seem to love presidential power when they have it but hate it the rest of the time , should engage in a serious discussion about what has happened to the balance of power in recent decades . But thus far what the Republicans have alleged against President Obama does not rise to the level of an impeachable offense . Yet as Nixon reminds us , it is not impossible to imagine a situation where the nation will need the impeachment process again . In 1986 and 1987 , the Iran Contra scandal raised the impeachment question when it became clear that high-level national security advisers had consciously violated congressional prohibitions on providing aid to the Nicaraguan rebels . President Ronald Reagan ultimately was not impeached because there was no "  smoking gun " showing Reagan knew the violations were happening . Yet the tool could have become essential . Impeachment will lose its legitimacy within the public if it becomes a totally politicized process . While it is foolish to imagine that it is possible to ever contain the forces of partisanship , there need to be some limits and political leaders need to draw some lines in the sand . As we remember the events that resulted in Richard Nixon having to step down , the anniversary should be a powerful and important reminder to our nation 's leaders to keep their hands off the impeachment tool so that Congress can turn to it only in a true case of emergency . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Republicans raise prospect of impeachment and Dems use it for fundraising Julian Zelizer : Both parties are using a serious process as a partisan tool He says there 's no serious case to be made against President Obama for impeachment Zelizer : 40 years ago , the U.S. saw how the Watergate case made impeachment very relevant
CNN  -- The height of luxury -- or a vulgar monstrosity ? To its owner , this 15-meter , Lamborghini-inspired speedboat is the apex of nautical engineering . A sleek , innovative , gutsy vessel worthy of its $ 1.1 million price tag . But others disagree . When Gino Gargiulo turned up at the Miami Boat Show with his banana-yellow beauties in tow -- the boat and the $ 750,000 car it resembles -- a small crowd quickly gathered around . "  This is the best boat you can buy -- it 's the Lamborghini of boats , " says the 48-year-old automobile and restaurant mogul from Miami , Florida . "  The response we 've had ... letters , emails . If you do a Google search today there are 14,000 pages on it already -- and the boat 's never even been in the water . " However , not everyone is impressed by the idea of a high-performance sports car dressed up as a superyacht . To Quentin Willson , former presenter of BBC TV show "  Top Gear , " the Lamborghini boat is a tasteless display of wealth that screams : "  I 'm rich and bored . " Willson quickly moves into fourth gear with his analysis . "  And that 's really sad . Anybody who 's got that amount of money that they need to go and commission a special boat to keep them entertained -- I think it 's nuts , " he says . "  The key with these people is they want to be different , and they want to be separate , and they want to be distinctive -- and that impulse throws good taste , and reason , and rationale out the window . " Rags to riches What really sets Gargiulo apart is not his wealth or supercar yachts -- it 's the fact that more than 25 years ago he was penniless and living on the streets of New York . "  I was a drug addict , on cocaine and crack , " says the father-of-one , who today owns a truck repair company , a car paintwork group , and a chain of hamburger restaurants . "  I lived in a halfway house for about a year . I really started with nothing and no help . And probably in fear of ever going back there , it 's kept me motivated to this day . "  I work really hard , I make a good living , and all the things I did n't have for a long time , well now I can do it . " Billionaire bling With his supercar yacht he has done it -- and then some . "  Like anybody that likes expensive things , it 's definitely an ego thing , " says Gargiulo , who also commissioned a Mercedes-style vessel in 2007 . "  Maybe it 's partially boredom . I 'm one of those people that always has to have to have a project -- and I 've been thinking about doing the Lamborghini boat for years . " The flashy vessel 's engine package costs $ 400,000 , a "  homage " to his beloved Lamborghini car -- one of two he owns . Gargiulo is not the only one with an ego in overdrive , by the sounds of it . "  The people that own these boats , already own the vehicles , " says Larry Goldman , owner of Xtremepowerboats , which as well as the Lamborghini and Mercedes has also sold Ferrari and Corvette-inspired yachts to other millionaires . "  Nobody wants a boat to resemble a car that they ca n't afford . " Daring design Once someone decides they want a supercar yacht , it 's up to engineers at Marine Technology Inc. to bring it to life , drawing up designs that take the most iconic features of the luxury automobile and transferring them to a working boat , capable of traveling 300 kilometers per hour . "  In the case of the Lamborghini , one of the most noticeable and sought-after features is the beautiful carbon-fiber scoops on the side of the car , " says Goldman . "  They 're quite pronounced and we wanted to make sure we used them in the design -- along with the exotic taillights and headlights , which are different to a normal car . " Sit in the driver 's seat and the plush leather interior could easily be mistaken for the four-wheeled variety . The distinctive yellow paintwork is also identical , and seeing the two super vehicles together is a bit like witnessing a surreal Lamborghini festival for enthusiasts . A question of taste There 's no denying this is a rare and expensive yacht . But it 's not for Willson . "  If I was wealthy enough to go down the boat route , I would buy myself a lovely old period Riva motorboat , " he says , referring to the vintage Italian wooden vessel . "  When you start making bright yellow Lamborghini speedboats , I think it means you are firmly detached from reality , " he says by phone , having just driven through London in his own Mercedes SLS -- a supercar worth Â # 175,000  $ 290,000  and capable of doing 300 kph . While Wilson ponders the meaning of taste , Gargiulo is getting his kicks from the adrenalin of driving one of these supercar yachts -- "  Like nothing else in the world , " is how he puts it . When he first took his Mercedes version on the water , he felt like he was flying . "  I 'm sure my wife Renea would prefer if I put a lot more money in the bank , " he says . "  But this is just me . " "  I make a good living , I give to charity , and I like buying these kinds of things . " Learn : Celebrity architect 's space-age superyacht See : Meet the ` great ladies ' of the ocean	Behold the supercar yacht , pimped-up boats inspired by luxury vehicles $ 1.1 M Lamborghini-style vessel made a splash at Miami Boat Show Is flashy yacht height of engineering or monstrous display of wealth ? Engine alone costs $ 400,000 , can travel 300 kph
