CNN  -- Authorities treated more than 700 people for food poisoning after a political rally in southern Mexico this week , officials said . Exactly what caused the food poisoning was unclear , officials from the healthy ministry in Mexico 's Guerrero state said Wednesday . Authorities were testing food and drink samples from the event and sending representatives to communities throughout the area to look for additional cases . Alberta Garcia Adame told CNN affiliate Televisa she started to feel sick after eating egg tacos at a rally Tuesday in Chilapa , Guerrero , for Sergio Dolores Flores , who is running for congress as a candidate for Mexico 's Institutional Revolutionary Party . As the number of cases grew , doctors treated many patients at a local hospital and a temporary shelter at the back of a local church , Televisa reported . Guerrero State Health Secretary Rufino Dominguez said in a statement Wednesday that nearly all of the patients had been treated and released .	Authorities are testing food and drink samples from the event Health secretary : Nearly all of the more than 700 patients have been treated and released One victim tells a CNN affiliate she felt sick after eating egg tacos
CNN  -- The mass deaths of thousands of red-winged blackbirds in Arkansas was caused by "  blunt force trauma , " according to a new report by the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission . Laboratory tests were conducted on 13 of the birds that were part of the group that flew into buildings and died in a neighborhood in Beebe , Arkansas , 40 miles northeast of Little Rock . "  The tests ruled out bacteria , viruses , heavy metals , pesticides and avicides  chemicals used to kill birds  as causes of death , " the commission said in a statement . These results confirmed preliminary tests that were conducted after the incident . The tests revealed hemorrhaging "  consistent with blunt trauma , " according to the report released Wednesday . "  In most instances , such traumatic injuries in wild birds are due to flying into stationary objects such as trees , houses , windows , power lines , towers , etc. " Officials say as many as 5,000 birds died in the incident . This incident came several days before another mass death of animals . In that incident , 450 miles south of Beebe , some 500 red-winged blackbirds , starlings and sparrows were found dead . Also that same week , about 50 dead birds were found on a street in Sweden . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	As many as 5,000 birds fell out of the sky in Beebe , Arkansas Experts say the red-winged blackbirds died of blunt force trauma In an unrelated case , 500 birds died in a nearby city
CNN  -- Andy Murray 's impressive defense of his Wimbledon title continued Monday as he dispatched 20th seed Kevin Anderson in straight sets in their fourth round match on Centre Court . It was always going to be a tall order for the 6 foot 8 inch South Africa to overcome the Scot who once again looked fit and focused in front of an expectant crowd . Murray engineered a break of serve in the third game of the match before serving out a competitive first set 6-4 . Murray stormed into a 3-0 lead in the second before the heavens opened and the players left the court while the roof was closed . When they resumed , it was Anderson who began more brightly earning two break points on the Murray serve . He saved the first but could do nothing with the second as an Anderson pile driver took a heavy net cord with the Scot unable to get up to the ball . No bother . Murray was still a break up and in no mood to slip up again . Games went with serve up until the ninth when Anderson , serving to stay in the set , lost four points in succession to give Murray a two-set lead . Anderson 's booming 130 mph-plus serve had delivered 63 aces in the first three rounds but he could only manage a further nine on Monday . The third set was tighter . Murray earned five break points in the eighth game but could n't close out and with the chance gone the set went to a tiebreak . Like the set , it was nip and tuck with Anderson earning the first set point at 6-5 only for Murray to save it , win the next point and earn his first match point . Another competitive rally ended when Murray swiped a cross-court backhand winner and seal victory 6-4 6-3 7-6  8/6  . "  When it was outdoors , I played very well and was in a good position . When we came back indoors , he started to strike the ball a bit better , he started serving better , " Murray said afterwards . "  It 's a good win because he was playing well at the end and making it very tough for me . It 's good to get through in straight sets . " The 11th seed Grigor Dimitrov awaits the world No. 5 in the quarterfinals . The Bulgarian , who won the Queen 's Club event prior to Wimbledon , was also a straight sets winner defeating Argentina 's Leonardo Mayer 6-4 7-6  8/6  6-2 . No. 1 seed Novak Djokovic is also safely through to the last eight after negotiating a potentially tricky tie with France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . Djokokic won in straight sets with the almost identical scoreline to Murray , who he followed onto Centre Court . The Serb 's 6-3 6-4 7-6  7/5  victory -- his 13th in total over Tsonga -- puts him through to face Croatia 's Marin Cilic who beat France 's Jeremy Chardy 7-6  10/8  6-4 6-4 . Bouchard bounds on Eugenie Bouchard has already won one Wimbledon title -- now she 's targeting the real deal . The 20-year-old Canadian , a junior champion at the All England Club in 2012 , booked her place in the quarterfinals Monday following a straight sets win over France 's Alize Cornet . Bouchard , who prevailed 7-6 7-5 , will face either Maria Sharapova or Germany 's Angelique Kerber for a place in the semifinals . The 13th seed has reached the last four of the previous two grand slams and is confident following her victory over Cornet , who had defeated World No. 1 Serena Williams in the previous round . "  I 'm really excited . I 'm proud of the way I fought out there , " Bouchard told the tournament 's official website . "  Alize is a really great player . It was tough  under the roof  , but it was the same for both of us . I need to focus on one match at a time , so that is my focus . This is what I 've worked for , but I want to keep winning matches . " Elsewhere , Caroline Wozniacki 's Wimbledon dream came to shuddering halt after she was dumped out in the fourth round Monday . The former World No. 1 was beaten 6-2 7-5 by the Czech Republic 's Barbora Zahlova Strycova , who qualified for her first ever grand slam quarterfinal . World No. 43 Strycova , who defeated Australian Open champion Li Na in the previous round , will now face either fellow Czech and 2011 champion Petra Kvitova for a place in the last four . "  Even when I had some opportunities I made some stupid mistakes or did n't play the balls properly . You know , it was kind of , I guess , one of those matches , " Wozniacki , the Dane , seeded 16 at Wimbledon , told reporters . "  Of course I am a little disappointed sitting here . Obviously I would have loved to have been further . "  The fourth round has been the furthest I have got here , where I feel like I should have gone further some years , but , you know , I guess sometimes that happens . "  You just have to get yourself back up and keep working and come back next time . " Another Czech to reach the quarterfinals is Lucie Safarova who booked her place in the last eight following a comfortable 6-0 6-2 over compatriot Tereza Smitkova . Qualifier Smitkova , ranked 175th in the world , was dispatched in 48 minutes to set up a clash with either Agnieszka Radwanska or Ekaterina Makarova of Russia for a place in the last four . There was disappointment for Madison Keys , the final U.S. woman in the singles draw after she was forced to withdraw from her third round tie against Kazakhstan 's Yaroslava Shvedova with injury . The 19-year-old , who won the Eastbourne tournament in the lead-up to Wimbledon , failed to recover from a thigh problem which she suffered on Saturday while trailing 6-7 6-6 . "  I have a muscle strain in my abductor . It 's not terrible , not really a long recovery time , " Keys told reporters . "  But they were warning me it could get worse , make recovery time even longer . " Keys ' injury means that Shvedova moves into the last 16 where she will play Germany 's Sabine Lisicki . Lisicki , who reached the final last year , overcame Serbia 's Ana Ivanovic 6-4 3-6 6-1 . While rain prevented several matches from starting on time , there were some who managed to beat the clouds . In the men 's draw , Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka reached the fourth round for the first time since 2009 following a straight sets win over Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin . The Swiss ace , ranked fifth , eased to a 6-3 6-3 6-4 win to finish off the rain-affected match which had originally been scheduled for Saturday . Also into the fourth round is Japan 's Kei Nishikori who overcame Italy 's Simone Bolelli in a five-set thriller . The 10th seed triumphed 3-6 6-3 3-6 7-6 6-4 to make it through to the fourth round for the first time in his career . Nishikori 's next opponent will be Canadian eighth seed Milos Raonic .	Andy Murray beats big serving Kevin Anderson to book quarterfinal against Dimitrov Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard beats Alize Cornet to progress to last eight Sabine Lisicki sees off Ana Ivanovic ; Caroline Wozniacki beaten in fourth round Stanislas Wawrinka through to last 16
CNN  -- Chinese mobile technology leader Huawei unveiled the latest additions to its stable Sunday in Barcelona , ahead of the 2014 World Mobile Congress , including its "  hybrid " fitness band/smart watch . CEO Richard Yu presented the TalkBand B1 at the company 's launch press conference . Connected to a smartphone via bluetooth , the device functions as both a fitness tracker and a phone -- a detachable bluetooth headset adds voice and text functionality . It also improves upon existing fitness trackers by housing a USB port in its wristband for charging . It is touted to retail at $ 136 and expected to go on sale in China in Q1 2014 before being rolled out gradually across the rest of the world , although some in the tech community are less than enamored with its appearance . It is currently designed to work with Huawei smartphones but its compatibility will be expanded upon in the future . While it seems the world may be getting sick of smart watches that do n't seem all that smart , and "  glassholes " showing off their obtrusive technology , market research firm Canalys predicts that "  2014 will be the year that wearables become a key consumer technology . " Along with fitness applications -- Samsung 's recently-unveiled followup to its much-derided Galaxy Gear smartwatch includes fitness-tracking -- the next generation of smart watches has considerable potential for the medical market . Huawei also released a number of other products at the media launch , including the MediaPad X1 , a 7-inch Android-powered "  phablet " that is expected to challenge Samsung 's Nexus 7 and Apple 's iPad mini . Samsung is set to unveil its latest product -- widely understood to be its Galaxy S5 -- on Monday .	Chinese mobile giant unveils first wearable technology Will go on sale for â ‚ ¬ 99  $ 136 2014 crucial year for wearable technology Launch also includes 8-inch tablet and 7-inch "  phablet "
CNN  -- The largest report yet into the extent of female genital mutilation , or cutting , has shed new light onto a practice that affects tens of millions of women and girls worldwide , U.N children 's agency UNICEF said . There is some positive news in the new UNICEF report , with data on trends revealing that the practice is becoming less common in more than half of the 29 countries where it is concentrated . U.N. director : ` Women will change the world ' But some 30 million girls remain at risk of being cut in the next decade unless efforts to eliminate the practice make more headway . More than 125 million girls and women alive today have undergone some form of female genital mutilation in 29 countries across Africa and the Middle East , according to the report , "  Female Genital Mutilation/Cutting : A statistical overview and exploration of the dynamics of change . " The practice -- which can carry serious health risks and is seen by the United Nations as a human rights violation -- is found to a far lesser degree in other parts of the world , though the exact number of girls and women affected is unknown , said the report , published Monday . Social acceptance and preservation of virginity are the most commonly cited reasons for carrying it out in most countries , among men as well as women . The adoption by the U.N. General Assembly last December of a resolution intensifying global efforts to eliminate female genital mutilation marked "  a milestone in global efforts to end the practice , " the report said . CNN Special : Impossible odds , unstoppable girls But cutting continues in some countries and ethnic groups , despite decades-long efforts to eliminate it -- and despite the fact that laws banning female genital mutilation at all ages have been passed in the majority of African nations . In some communities it is seen as a religious requirement , while in others it 's dictated by tradition . "  In many countries , prevalence is highest among Muslim girls and women . However , the practice is also found among other religious communities , " the UNICEF report said . Cutting is nearly universal in Somalia , Guinea , Djibouti and Egypt , according to the report , but affects only one in 100 girls and women in Cameroon and Uganda . Some girls undergo the practice while still babies , while others are cut as young girls or in their teens . The degree of harm inflicted by the practice also varies across communities . Opinion : ` Women 's rights violations not just developing nation issue ' "  In Somalia , Eritrea , Niger , Djibouti and Senegal , more than one in five girls have undergone the most radical form of the practice , known as infibulation , which involves the cutting and sewing of the genitalia , " the report said . The downward trend in the practice is most marked in countries where it is less prevalent , the report said . In Kenya and Tanzania , women age 45 to 49 are about three times more likely to have been cut than girls age 15 to 19 , UNICEF found . In Benin , Central African Republic , Iraq , Liberia and Nigeria , adolescent girls are about half as likely to have been cut as women age 45 to 49 . Other countries where the practice is more widespread have also registered declines . They include Burkina Faso and Ethiopia and , to a lesser extent , Egypt , Eritrea , Guinea , Mauritania and Sierra Leone , the report said . It also highlighted a gap between the support among women for female genital mutilation and its prevalence . "  In most of the countries surveyed ,  the  majority of girls and women who have undergone the practice do not see benefits to it and think that the practice should stop , " UNICEF statistics and monitoring specialist Claudia Cappa is quoted as saying . "  More mothers are aware " that female genital mutilation and cutting "  can lead to their daughter 's , or a girl 's , death , " she says . "  So , there is a better understanding of the consequences , which , in itself , is very important progress . " Give African women a voice , ' say activists But many mothers who oppose the practice still have their daughters cut because of societal expectations , the study said , indicating that "  efforts to end the practice need to go beyond a shift in individual attitudes and address entire communities . " The study also found that efforts by the many agencies campaigning for change are differentiated for various ethnic groups , some of which cross national boundaries , since cutting is much more common in some groups than others . Men and boys , as well as girls , should be encouraged to talk about the practice , the report said . "  This is especially important since the data indicate that girls and women tend to consistently underestimate the share of boys and men who want  female genital mutilation  to end . " Another factor in eliminating cutting is promoting education and exposure to other communities , it added , with urban , wealthier and more educated families less likely to impose the practice on their daughters . "  As many as 30 million girls are at risk of being cut over the next decade if current trends persist , " said Geeta Rao Gupta , deputy executive director of UNICEF . "  If , in the next decade , we work together to apply the wealth of evidence at our disposal , we will see major progress , " she said . "  That means a better life and more hopeful prospects for millions of girls and women , their families and entire communities . "	Data reveal a downward trend in some countries where female genital mutilation occurs But some 30 million girls remain at risk of being cut in the next decade , UNICEF warns Cutting is nearly universal in Somalia , Guinea , Djibouti and Egypt , a study finds The steepest declines in cutting are seen in Kenya and Tanzania , the report says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The release of 3-D versions of "  Star Wars " Episodes II and III , previously planned for next fall , have been postponed while Lucasfilm focuses on new episodes , the company said Monday . "  Given the recent development that we are moving forward with a new Star Wars trilogy , we will now focus 100 % of our efforts on "  Star Wars : Episode VII " in order to ensure the best possible experience for our fans , " Lucasfilm said . The revised 3-D release plans will be announced "  at a later date , " it said . The announcement comes three months after Disney bought Lucasfilm for $ 4 billion and just days after it revealed that J.J. Abrams has been signed to direct the next Star Wars episode . "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is set for release in 2015 . A good week to be J.J. Abrams	"  We will now focus 100 % of our efforts on ` Star Wars : Episode VII , ' " Lucasfilm says The revised 3-D release plans will be announced "  at a later date " "  Star Wars : Episode VII " is set for release in 2015
Thomas Perez has climbed America 's "  ladder of opportunity " and now can help others do the same , President Barack Obama said on Monday in nominating the assistant U.S. attorney general as labor secretary . The son of Dominican immigrants who worked different jobs such as collecting garbage to help pay for college , Perez has dedicated himself to fulfilling the promise of equal opportunity for all , Obama told a White House ceremony to introduce Perez , 51 . CNN 's Jessica Yellin reported earlier this month that Obama would name Perez to the Cabinet position . If confirmed by the Senate , the lone Hispanic Cabinet selection of Obama 's second term so far would succeed Hilda Solis , who resigned in January . In brief remarks , Perez thanked Obama in both English and Spanish for what he called the honor of the opportunity . He pledged to work with "  our partners " in organized labor , the business community , grassroots organizations and Congress , adding that he looked forward to meeting with senators from both parties to discuss the way forward . "  True progress is possible if you keep and open mind , listen to all sides and focus on results , " Perez said . Obama urged that Perez be confirmed "  as quickly as possible . " Perez 's nomination comes as the economy continues a sluggish recovery from recession , with unemployment hovering near 8 % . The Labor Department , among other things , oversees analysis and reporting of unemployment statistics as well as occupational safety and other wage and employment issues . While some indicators show improvement , economists warn some fragility remains and political leaders are divided on policy prescriptions for stronger growth . Obama and Democrats call for a combination of stimulus spending , budget cuts and reforms to the tax system and entitlement programs to reduce chronic federal deficits and debt while maintaining government support for education , research and other areas they consider vital to economic development . Republicans seeking to shrink government say that reducing its cost is the fastest and best way to prompt growth by reducing regulations and lowering taxes . They call for spending cuts and entitlement reforms , as well as changes to the tax system that would reduce rates without increasing revenue . In nominating Perez , Obama called on him to continue efforts by Solis and her team on helping returning war veterans get jobs , improving worker safety in coal mines and other steps to strengthen workers ' rights . "  Like so many Americans , Tom knows what it is like to climb the ladder of opportunity , " Obama said , adding that Perez made protecting the promise of equal opportunity for all "  a cause of his life . " The Labor Department would likely play a role in new employment programs under any comprehensive immigration reform . Perez 's nomination pleased unions and workers ' rights groups , but rankled Senate conservatives due in part to his record at the Justice Department . "  This is an unfortunate and needlessly divisive nomination . The top priority of the secretary of labor should be to create jobs and higher wages for American workers . But Mr. Perez has aggressively sought ways to allow the hiring of more illegal workers , " said Sen. Jeff Sessions , an Alabama Republican and a senior member of the Judiciary Committee . "  Mr. Perez has also had a controversial tenure at the Department of Justice where he has demonstrated a fundamentally political approach to the law . " Perez , who has overseen the agency 's civil rights division , has been active in several high-profile cases in recent years . In 2010 , he launched a probe into the law enforcement tactics of Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio after the lawman 's hard line anti-immigration policies led to accusations of civil rights violations . The Justice Department determined that Arpaio had engaged in "  pattern or practice of wide-ranging discrimination against Latinos and retaliatory actions against individuals who criticized " his department 's activities . Arpaio condemned the investigation as politically motivated and a "  witch hunt " provoked by the Obama administration 's disfavor of the state 's controversial immigration law . Perez also became involved in a controversial 2008 voting rights case after it drew attention from Republican legislators and became the target of a Justice Department inspector general 's report . The watchdog concluded that that DOJ 's voting rights section lacked professionalism and pointed out pervasive warring between employees who disagreed politically . The case stemmed from a complaint against members of the New Black Panther Party who stood outside a polling station in Philadelphia on Election Day dressed in boots and berets and carrying a nightstick . Civil charges for attempted voter intimidation were sought by the Bush administration , but later dropped against three of four defendants after Obama took office . Republicans accused the DOJ 's political leadership of interfering in the decision . Though Perez had not yet been confirmed to oversee the civil rights division when the decision was made , he said in testimony to Inspector General Michael Horowitz in May 2010 that politics played no part in the decision . Horowitz was not satisfied with Perez 's account of the situation , saying in his report that Perez should have tried to get more information before testifying . Perez was not accused of any wrongdoing , but he has been criticized for not doing enough to improve what the inspector general described as a dysfunctional department . Before rising to the Justice Department position , Perez led Maryland 's Department of Labor , Licensing and Regulation . That office is charged with "  safeguarding workers , protecting consumers , providing a safety net and cultivating a thriving workforce , " according to its website . He also spent 12 years as an attorney in the Justice Department 's civil rights division , rising to become deputy assistant attorney general in the 1990s . Perez also worked for the late Sen. Edward Kennedy , a Massachusetts Democrat , and spent the final two years of the Clinton administration as head of the Health and Human Services Department 's civil rights office .	Perez thanks President Obama in both English and Spanish Obama called on the Senate to quickly confirm Perez Perez is the first Hispanic nominated to Cabinet during Obama 's second term Conservative senator calls nomination "  unfortunate and needlessly divisive "
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain 's senior domestic policy adviser said Tuesday that the BlackBerry mobile e-mail device was a "  miracle that John McCain helped create . " The adviser , Douglas Holtz-Eakin , discussing the nation 's economic woes with reporters , said that McCain -- who has struggled to stress his economic credentials -- did have experience dealing with the economy , pointing to his time on the Senate Commerce Committee . Pressed to provide an example of what McCain had accomplished on that committee , Holtz-Eakin said the senator did not have jurisdiction over financial markets , then he held up his Blackberry , telling reporters : "  He did this . " "  Telecommunications of the United States , the premiere innovation in the past 15 years , comes right through the Commerce Committee . So you 're looking at the miracle that John McCain helped create , " Holtz-Eakin said . "  And that 's what he did . He both regulated and deregulated the industry . " During the 2000 presidential campaign , Vice President Al Gore drew controversy when he said that during his time in Congress , he "  took the initiative in creating the Internet " -- based on his work promoting funding and early research in that area . The Obama campaign responded to the McCain adviser 's comments Tuesday shortly after they were reported . "  If John McCain had n't said that ` the fundamentals of our economy are strong ' on the day of one of our nation 's worst financial crises , the claim that he invented the BlackBerry would have been the most preposterous thing said all week , " said Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton . Meanwhile , McCain senior aide Matt McDonald said that the senator "  laughed " when he heard the comment . "  He would not claim to be the inventor of anything , much less the BlackBerry . This was obviously a boneheaded joke by a staffer , " McDonald said . The Obama campaign debuted an ad last week that attacked McCain 's skills with technology , including computers . The ad refers to the number of years McCain has been in Washington to paint him as out of touch : "  1982 . John McCain goes to Washington , " the announcer says . "  Things have changed in the last 26 years . But McCain has n't . "  He admits he still does n't know how to use a computer , ca n't send an e-mail . Still does n't understand the economy . And favors $ 200 billion in new tax cuts for corporations but almost nothing for the middle class . "  After one president who was out of touch ... we just ca n't afford more of the same . " Asked whether he prefers a Mac or PC in a Yahoo News/Politico interview earlier this year , McCain admitted : "  Neither . I am an illiterate that has to rely on my wife for all of the assistance that I can get . " Watch more on McCain and computers " While wife Cindy McCain has been spotted working her BlackBerry on the campaign trail , the senator -- in one instance that CNN cameras caught -- had to be handed the device by a staffer . Obama , on the other hand , frequently is seen reading e-mails on his BlackBerry . "  He is a BlackBerry fiend , has a laptop on the road and sometimes uses it to talk to his daughters ... and surfs the Web when he is in need of important information such as sports scores , " Linda Douglass , an Obama campaign senior aide and spokeswoman , said in June . CNN 's Ed Hornick and Jeanne Moos contributed to this report .	John McCain adviser pushes senator 's economic credentials Adviser calls BlackBerry a "  miracle that John McCain helped create " Obama camp labels BlackBerry comment "  preposterous " McCain camp : "  Obviously a boneheaded joke by a staffer "
CNN  -- Officials in central and southern Texas are worried about how much more rain will flow into streams and rivers after huge downpours on Sunday . More than five inches of rain fell Sunday in Austin , and the National Weather Service reported 12 inches of rain in some spots . The downpour forced organizers to cancel performances at the Austin City Limits music festival . A flash flood watch was in effect overnight in much of central and west Texas , and forecasters predicted an additional 1 to 3 inches of rain Monday . Only minor flooding was reported Sunday , but additional rain will flow rapidly over saturated ground and add to waterways still swelling from Sunday 's runoff . "  My main concern is the weather of the next 72 hours , especially Tuesday night , " said Michael C. Fisher , emergency management coordinator in Bastrop County , east of Austin . "  We 'll be at or just above flood stage on the Colorado River . " Heavy rain could bring flash floods , and "  people still have the tendency to drive into high water , " he said . On the upside , the rain "  may have broken a two-year drought on the Colorado , " Fisher said . In and around Austin , some creeks overflowed and nearly two dozen low-water crossings were closed , CNN affiliate KVUE-TV reported . Police cruisers blocked traffic , and workers put up steel barricades . Austin police rescued some people from vehicles stuck in water , but no injuries were reported , city spokeswoman Candice Cooper said . A weather service statement said "  a conveyor belt of moisture " from the Pacific Ocean was hitting moist air from the Gulf of Mexico to cause the heavy rain . It said the flash flood watch might need to be extended later Monday . Cyclone leaves trail of destruction Knee-deep water in Louisville CNN 's Dave Alsup and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Rainfall hit 12 inches in some spots Sunday An additional 1 to 3 inches forecast Monday , creating flash flood hazard Austin has minor flooding , cancels Austin City Limits performances Collision of air from Pacific and Gulf blamed
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British military marked a grim milestone Friday as the number of troops killed in Afghanistan surpassed the death toll in Iraq . A British Marine is shown in Arbroath , Scotland , last year on the eve of a six-month tour of duty in Afghanistan . An especially bloody 10 days in Afghanistan 's troubled Helmand province claimed 15 British lives , putting the total number of dead in that conflict at 184 , the Defense Ministry said . The British military has lost 179 soldiers in Iraq . Five soldiers were killed Friday in two explosions that rocked the same patrol near the town of Sangin in Helmand province , where British troops are based . The Defence Ministry earlier announced the deaths of three other soldiers in Helmand . British troops have joined with roughly 4,000 U.S. Marines and sailors , and several hundred Afghan security forces , in Operation Khanjar , a drive to secure Helmand before Afghanistan 's presidential elections in August . See a map of Helmand province " Britain 's Chief of the Defense Staff , Jock Stirrup , issued a video statement in which he mourned the latest losses . Watch profiles of six British soldiers killled in Afghanistan on the same day " "  It 's important we also remember why our people are fighting in Afghanistan and what they 're achieving through their sacrifice and their courage , " Stirrup said . "  The mission in Afghanistan is about supporting the delivery of governance in order to reduce the opportunities for extremist terrorist groups who are a direct threat to the United Kingdom , its citizens , and their interests . " Results are starting to emerge , he said , but the military still has a long way to go . "  It 's tough going because the Taliban have rightly identified Helmand as their vital ground , " he said . "  If they lose there , they lose everywhere , and they 're throwing everything they have into it . But they are losing . " Watch a gallery of Britain mourning its fallen in Afghanistan " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown spoke about the military casualties while at the G8 summit in Italy on Friday , calling it a "  very hard summer " so far for British forces . "  Our resolution to complete the work that we have started in Afghanistan and Pakistan is undiminished , " he said . "  We knew from the start that defeating the insurgency in Helmand would be a hard and dangerous job , but it is vital . "	UK military deaths in Afghanistan now at 184 , five more than in Iraq 15 British lives lost in past 10 days in Afghanistan 's Helmand province UK forces have joined with U.S. , Afghan troops in offensive in Helmand Drive in Helmand is part of effort to secure country before August elections
AOL Autos  -- There are two good ways to buy your new car or truck at a reasonable low price and avoid all of the negotiating games and hassles : 1 . Buy through the Internet Buying your new or used car or truck through the Internet is the easiest and most hassle-free way to make the purchase . All you have to do is choose the vehicle brand and model you wish to purchase as well as provide some basic contact information such as your name and e-mail address . In return , you 'll receive - via e-mail - low bottom-line selling prices from dealerships in your area for the exact vehicle you want to buy . Compare the various selling prices and find the lowest one . Then , simply go direct to that dealership 's Internet Department , sign the papers and drive your new car home - no negotiating , no hassles . To begin the process , get your free price quotes from AOL Autos . It only takes a few minutes . This service is totally free and you are under no obligation or pressure to buy . AOL , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . Within 24 hours , you 'll receive your bottom-line selling prices from dealerships in your area . Once you 've compared the various prices and found the lowest one , you then have four good options : • You can go to the dealership that gave you the lowest price , sign the papers and drive your new car home -- no hassles , no negotiating . AOL Autos : Best deals of the month • You can try to negotiate the lowest price with the dealership in order to get the price even lower . There 's nothing that says you ca n't . AOL Autos : Aggressive car buying tactics • You can shop the lowest price around to other dealerships to see if any of them are willing to beat it . AOL Autos : Which dealers treat you best ? • You can do nothing . If you feel unsure or uncertain , then set it aside for a while . You are not obligated to buy anything you do n't want . By getting these low bottom-line selling prices via the Internet , you 're avoiding the car salesman 's entire negotiating game altogether . And you 're buying your car at about the same price you would expect after lengthy negotiations . It 's certainly the fastest and easiest way to beat the car salesman . AOL Autos : New rules to car buying 2 . Buy through the dealership 's Fleet Department Almost every dealership has a division called the "  Fleet Department . " It usually consists of only a handful of salespeople who specialize in selling fleets of cars -- large orders of several vehicles direct to businesses . This department is authorized by the dealership to sell their cars at bottom-line non-negotiable prices . The prices they offer are about the same as you would expect from an online price quote or after lengthy negotiations . A secret of the car business is that many dealerships ' Fleet Departments also sell direct to the public . By the rules of the game , however , they ca n't advertise to the public since they do n't want to compete with the dealership 's retail sales team . So to buy from the Fleet Department , you have to specifically ask . To buy your vehicle direct from the dealership 's Fleet Department , simply call the dealership and ask to speak with the Fleet Manager . When you get him on the line , explain to him that you 're ready to buy a car and you 'd like to buy it from him . If he asks you what business you are associated with , tell him where you work . He 'll probably be happy to set up an appointment with you . When you arrive at the dealership , the Fleet Manager will show you the vehicle , allow you to test drive it , and then bring you to the office to discuss price . With absolutely no negotiations , he 'll offer you a reasonable bottom-line non-negotiable selling price for the vehicle . If the price he gives you falls within the pre-set limits of your buying goal and you 're satisfied with the deal , then you can buy the car . No pressure , no games , no hassles . If for some reason , you do n't want to buy the vehicle , you are under no obligation . Simply thank the salesman for his time and leave on good terms . Then , if you 'd like , you can visit  or call  the Fleet Departments of other dealerships to compare prices . The selling prices offered by the various Fleet Departments can vary depending upon their inventories . AOL Autos : Have a car shopping game plan Michael Royce is a consumer advocate and former car salesman . For more car-buying tips and advice , visit his Beat the Car Salesman Web site .	You can solicit best price quotes from car dealers over the Internet You can shop the lowest price to other dealers to see if they will match or beat it Individuals can also buy car from dealer 's Fleet Department
CNN  -- Soon after I was elected to Congress , an issue came to the House floor to which I had given considerable thought and believed that my conclusions were sound , reasonable and persuasive . At the front of the House chamber , directly in front of the elevated rostrum from which the Speaker presides , are two lecterns . One is positioned to the right of center , facing Democrats , and one to the left of center , facing Republicans . Because I felt that most of my fellow Republicans would surely share my views , I decided to present my reasoning to the Democrats , who I had hoped to impress favorably . So , in giving my very first congressional speech I stood at the lectern facing the Democrats . I was greeted with an audible gasp from both sides of the aisle . Just as Republicans must drink their coffee , read their newspapers and slurp their soup in a room off the House floor , and Democrats do their reading , drinking and eating in a different room , members of the two parties must speak from different places , using different microphones positioned as an extension of their own side of the partisan divide . It surprises me still to hear people express amazement at the hyper-partisan nature of Congress and its resulting inability to deal collectively with the nation 's problems . In a constitutional system that places most of the federal government 's real power with the peoples ' representatives , that is a serious problem . But it 's not an accident . It 's a direct result of the systems we 've created to choose those representatives and the way Congress itself has been allowed to develop not as a single body of Americans but as a pit for rival power-seeking clubs to do battle . The leaders of the House and Senate are partisans ; but they need n't be , and in other governments they are n't . The committee staffs are partisans ; there 's no need for that , either . Partisan leaders decide who sits on which committees , transferring enormous power over federal law to partisans who win their positions by pledging to support the party line and plowing hundreds of thousands of dollars into party treasuries  some of it raised from interest groups that are pleased to help out  . But as they say on those late-night infomercials , "  Wait , there 's more . " The problem does n't begin in Congress . It begins with how men and women are elected to Congress in the first place . To even appear on the November ballot , candidates must navigate through primaries either entirely the province of partisan activists  closed primaries  or dominated by them  so-called cross-over primaries  . Most states have "  sore loser " laws  supported by the parties  that then prohibit anybody who ran in a party primary and lost from appearing on the general election ballot . If 30,000 supporters secure a primary victory for one candidate , anybody who lost that primary would then be unavailable as an option for the rest of the state 's voters . In Delaware , that is precisely what happened to former governor Mike Castle . Except it did n't really happen to Mike Castle ; it happened to the people of Delaware who were denied the chance to choose the person most would have wanted to represent them in the Senate . And it happened to Sen. Richard Lugar in Indiana , who , like Castle , was unacceptable to hard-line activists because he actually believed in the kinds of compromise that are necessary to govern a nation of more than 300 million people . In most states , candidates for the U.S. House run in districts shaped by partisan leaders for party advantage , regardless of the effect on the rights of the people to be represented by somebody familiar with their concerns and interests . That 's how I , a city dweller with no rural experience , found myself representing farmers , ranchers and small-town merchants after a legislature dominated by a different party redrew my district to stretch from the middle of Oklahoma to the Kansas border and then , in an upside-down "  L " halfway to Arkansas , all to strengthen their party in other districts . Even the new infusion of big dollars into political campaigns has a distinctly partisan flavor -- the largest super PACs are not really independent ; they 're being run by long-time party activists . Incentives work . We 've created a system that rewards incivility and punishes cooperation . Is it any wonder that our government is a mess ? Washington , Adams , Jefferson and Madison all warned us not to create political parties . We should have listened . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mickey Edwards .	Mickey Edwards : Do n't be surprised at the hyper-partisan nature of Congress Edwards : Congress ' inability to deal with the nation 's challenges can be fixed He says the problem begins with how people are elected to Congress in the first place Edwards : We 've created a system that rewards incivility and punishes cooperation
CNN  -- Officials will conduct an autopsy Monday on Mark Niver , a drag racer who died when the parachute came off the back of his dragster -- sending him slamming into the netting at the end of the track . Niver , 60 , was taking part in the National Hot Rod Association 's Lucas Oil Northwest Nationals in Seattle , Washington , on Sunday . After the parachute came off , he was able to slow the car a bit before plowing into the net fencing at the end of the drag strip . The death was the second this year in the association 's drag racing series . Race announcers called Niver "  a true craftsman and an innovator " who hand-built all his race cars from start to finish -- he machined his engines and components and fabricated the car bodies . Niver had been racing in the hot rod association for more than 20 years , but won his first race just two years ago in a race at Topeka , Kansas .	Niver , 60 , crashes into net at end of track when parachute comes off Death is second of the year in National Hot Rod Association series Niver raced for more than 20 years He won his first race two years ago
CNN  -- Accompanied by unusually cold temperatures , snow fell late Saturday from Minnesota east to Virginia , prompting a series of warnings but few major headaches . One major storm system affected communities from Chicago , Illinois , to Raleigh , North Carolina , as many residents spent the first part of their weekend dealing with the first significant snow of the season . Throughout the East Coast , temperatures averaged about 5 to 15 degrees colder than normal , with freeze watches in effect as far south as Florida . By 7:15 p.m. , just over 5 inches of snow had fallen at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport , breaking the 1964 record for December 4 of 4.6 inches . A winter weather advisory remained in effect in the Windy City through midnight . More than 300 flights were canceled in and out of Chicago Saturday morning , the Chicago Department of Aviation said . The situation improved gradually over the course of the day , though O'Hare was still experiencing ground traffic delays -- for the planes that touch down , but are slower getting to their gates -- ranging from 16 to 30 minutes by early evening . The timing of the storm -- coming after the Friday evening rush hour , with most snow falling while people slept -- and the fact snow did n't stick to most major roads helped keep auto accidents minimal . "  It 's Chicago , it 's great , " resident Casey Gorski told CNN affiliate WLS . "  I 've got no qualms about  the snow  at all . " The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning through 7 a.m. ET Sunday for Appalachian regions of northwest North Carolina , southwest Virginia and southeast West Virginia . While the accumulating snow was expected to be fairly minor , forecasters warned of icy roads and winds gusting as strong as 45 mph . In addition , expected light snow prompted the agency to issue a winter weather advisory -- effective until 1 a.m. ET -- for parts of southern and central Virgina as well as northeast North Carolina . Residents of southern and eastern Minnesota and Wisconsin already saw considerable snow . A foot fell in Hutchinson , Minnesota , about double that in Minneapolis some 60 miles to the east , according to the National Weather Service . Madison , Wisconsin , got between 3 and 5 inches of snow Saturday , and some snow also fell in the southwest Ohio city of Cincinnati . Indianapolis also was in the storm 's path . The National Weather Service reported 3 inches had fallen and it predicted flurries in the city through Tuesday . The most snow in Indiana -- 7 inches -- accumulated 70 miles to the west in Clinton . Other cities in Indiana and Michigan are expected to be hit hard by snow in the coming days . Five to 10 inches of lake-effect snow were forecast for Valparaiso , Indiana , located about 50 miles southeast of Chicago , with Gary , Indiana , also feeling the storm 's effect . Other more eastern communities along Lake Michigan -- such as Michigan City , Indiana , and St. Joseph and Buchanan across the border in Michigan -- may get as much as 20 inches of snow by daybreak Tuesday . The National Weather Service has issued a warning for lake-effect snow for many of these areas from 8 p.m. Saturday through 6 a.m. Tuesday , predicting snow might fall at a rate of 1 to 3 inches an hour . Earlier this week , the Buffalo , New York , area , was being buried by such sustained lake-effect snow . That Wednesday through Friday storm dumped up to 3 feet of snow in a narrow band centered in Lancaster -- though locations as little as 12 miles away only got 6 to 12 inches , if not less . Forecasters are also predicting more snow this week in the region .	NEW : A winter storm warning is out for parts of North Carolina , Virginia and West Virginia NEW : 5 inches of snow fell in Chicago and Madison , while 3 inches fell in Indianapolis The storm 's timing , after Friday rush hour , helped minimize its impact in Chicago Temperatures are 5 to 15 degrees colder than normal on much of the East Coast
Washington  CNN  -- Pop star Lady Gaga will headline a rally in Portland , Maine , on Monday calling on the state 's two Republican senators to vote yes on taking up a defense bill that includes authorization to repeal the military 's "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy toward gay and lesbian servicemembers . A crucial Senate vote is scheduled for Tuesday afternoon , and supporters of the repeal say that as of now , they do not have the 60 votes needed to overcome a GOP filibuster blocking the bill . Maine Republicans Susan Collins and Olympia Snowe are publicly undecided , and could each potentially provide Democrats the votes they need to bring the issue before the Senate . Lady Gaga 's rally is being organized by Servicemembers Legal Defense Network  SLDN  , a gay rights group mobilizing grassroots support to repeal the controversial policy . The organization also helped the singer set up a lengthy YouTube video posted Friday urging her fans to call their senators and ask them to support Tuesday 's procedural vote . The singer sent word of the planned rally via twitter Sunday night . A spokesman for SLDN says Gaga will be accompanied at Monday 's rally by both gay and straight military veterans . Both of Maine 's GOP senators have been generally supportive of the gay rights community , and this issue in particular . Collins voted to authorize the Pentagon to repeal the do n't - ask-don ` t-tell policy when the issue was before the Senate Armed Services Committee this summer , and SLDN executive director Aubrey Sarvis calls both Collins and Snowe "  key to breaking the filibuster " on Tuesday . Republican leaders are trying to keep all 41 GOP senators on board to block the bill , arguing that Senate Majority leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , is unfairly limiting the amendments allowed to try to change the bill once it is on the Senate floor . GOP leaders are also ridiculing Reid for trying to bring what they call a purely political vote to the Senate floor right before the election , to appease the gay community , which has been frustrated with Democrats for inaction on this issue . On Friday , aides to both Collins and Snowe told CNN they were still undecided about how they would vote . GOP leadership sources told CNN they feel confident they can keep all their members in line and prevent the defense bill from coming to the Senate floor . Lady Gaga 's rally will take place at 4 p.m. ET at Deering Oaks Park in Portland , Maine , near the University of Southern Maine campus .	Lawmakers need 60 votes to overcome GOP filibuster of the defense bill The two Maine Republican senators are publicly undecided The pop singer is expected to be accompanied by military veterans
CNN  -- A court denied parole for a jailed member of Russian punk rock band Pussy Riot on Friday , state media reported . The Supreme Court of the Mordovia region upheld an earlier decision to deny Nadezhda Tolokonnikova 's parole , the official RIA Novosti news agency said . Tolokonnikova was given a 2-year sentence for hooliganism after a trial in August that was criticized by international rights groups . She is one of three women tried last year for performing a song critical of then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in an Orthodox cathedral . Video footage of their so-called "  punk prayer " was posted online . State-run court news agency Rapsi cited an attorney as saying Tolokonnikova would not appeal the court 's ruling on parole . Fellow defendant Maria Alyokhina , who was also sentenced to two years in prison , was denied bail in May . She planned to appeal the ruling . Yekaterina Samutsevich , a third member of the band , was sentenced at the same time as the two , but was freed from prison in October after her defense presented new evidence . May : Jailed Pussy Riot member declares hunger strike CNN 's Boriana Milanova contributed to this report .	Pussy Riot member Nadezhda Tolokonnikova loses her bid to be released on parole She was given a 2-year sentence for hooliganism last year Band members were tried for performing a song critical of then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin
CNN  -- Ukrainian forces have taken full control of Donetsk airport as they continue to fight pro-Russian rebels in the eastern Ukraine city , a Ukrainian military spokesman says . "  The active stage of the counter-terrorist operation continues . The government is now at full control of the airport and the road leading to it , " Vladislav Seleznev told CNN . Meantime , two people were killed in fighting in the city , the Donetsk City Council said in an online statement . The council warned residents not to leave their homes . "  The bus station is closed . Car movement is limited . A nine-story residential building at the train station area has been damaged . A market outside the train station caught on fire as the result of artillery fire . Still , the train station is working , " it said . Donetsk is west of the area where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed Thursday , with the loss of 298 lives . The United States says a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired from pro-Russian rebel territory took down the Boeing 777 . Russia has blamed Kiev 's resumption of military operations against the rebels at the end of June for the tragedy , while the U.S. has accused Russia of supporting the rebels that Washington believes fired the missile . Since the crash , Ukraine 's government and rebels have traded bitter accusations over who was responsible . The Ukraine government says "  terrorists " fired on the plane . Ukrainian officials have distributed recordings of what they say are intercepted communications between pro-Russian rebels discussing shooting it down . Alexander Borodai , the rebel leader who calls himself the Prime Minister of the self-styled Donetsk People 's Republic , has conceded that the plane was shot down but says his forces did not do it . He told CNN on Sunday that his forces lack the firepower to hit an airplane so high up . The Ukraine crisis has its roots in former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych 's decision to shun a European Union association agreement last year and work with Russia instead . The move unleashed deadly strife that led to Yanukovych 's ouster , Russia 's annexation of Crimea and a pro-Russian rebellion .	Official : Ukrainian forces continue to fight pro-Russian rebels in the eastern Ukraine city Two people were killed in the fighting Monday , the Donetsk City Council says The council warns residents not to leave their homes and says that transport is limited Donetsk is west of the area where Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 crashed Thursday
Want to pick up a pack of cigarettes with your prescription refill ? A major U.S. pharmacy chain is breaking that habit . CVS Caremark announced Wednesday it will stop selling cigarettes and other tobacco products at its CVS/pharmacy stores by October 1 . The retailer said the move makes CVS/pharmacy the first chain of national pharmacies to take tobacco products off the shelves . "  Ending the sale of cigarettes and tobacco products at CVS/pharmacy is the right thing for us to do for our customers and our company to help people on their path to better health , " Larry J. Merlo , president and CEO of CVS Caremark , said in a statement . "  Put simply , the sale of tobacco products is inconsistent with our purpose . " CVS Caremark is the largest pharmacy in the United States based on total prescription revenue , according to the company . It operates more than 7,600 CVS/pharmacy stores nationwide in addition to more than 800 MinuteClinics , which are medical clinics within the pharmacy locations . Health-oriented organizations and President Barack Obama praised the move . "  As one of the largest retailers and pharmacies in America , CVS Caremark sets a powerful example , and today 's decision will help advance my administration 's efforts to reduce tobacco-related deaths , cancer , and heart disease , as well as bring down health care costs -- ultimately saving lives and protecting untold numbers of families from pain and heartbreak for years to come , " Obama said in a statement Wednesday . "  This is an important , bold public health decision by a major retail pharmacy to act on the long understood reality that blending providing health care and providing cigarettes just does n't match , " said Dr. Richard Wender , chief cancer control officer at the American Cancer Society . "  We need an all-hands-on-deck effort to take tobacco products out of the hands of America 's young generation , and to help those who are addicted to quit , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a statement . "  Today 's CVS Caremark announcement helps bring our country closer to achieving a tobacco-free generation . I hope others will follow their lead . " It remained unclear whether other pharmacies will follow CVS ' lead . "  We have been evaluating this product category for some time to balance the choices our customers expect from us with their ongoing health needs , " Walgreens spokesman Jim Graham said in a statement . "  We will continue to evaluate the choice of products our customers want , while also helping to educate them and providing smoking-cessation products and alternatives that help to reduce the demand for tobacco products . " Meanwhile , David Howard , spokesman for R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. , said , "  We value the long-term relationship with CVS and respect their commercial decision . We will work with them as they transition out of the tobacco category in the coming months . " Stopping cigarette sales comes at a price . CVS Caremark estimates it will take an annual loss of $ 2 billion from tobacco shoppers -- $ 1.5 billion in tobacco sales and the rest from other products tobacco shoppers purchase while in the store . The company has enjoyed growing revenues in recent years , boosted by its pharmacy services business and prescription drug sales . CVS Caremark has n't reported its year-end results yet , but it took in nearly $ 94 billion in revenues in the first nine months of 2013 , up slightly from the same period in 2012 , according to its most recent earnings report . In 2012 , CVS Caremark reported $ 123.1 billion in revenues , a 15 % jump from $ 107.1 billion the previous year . "  We commend CVS for putting public health ahead of their bottom line and recognizing the need for pharmacies to focus on supporting health and wellness instead of contributing to disease and death caused by tobacco use , " the American Medical Association said . Asked Wednesday about the reaction of tobacco executives to the decision , CVS Caremark 's Merlo said they were "  disappointed . At the same time , I think they understand the paradox that we face as an organization , and they understand the rationale for the decision . " On whether CVS would extend its ban to other products known to be unhealthy -- candy , potato chips or alcohol , for instance -- Merlo told reporters those items , in moderation , do not have the same adverse effects as the use of tobacco . We know it can kill us : Why people still smoke Helping people quit The company also announced Wednesday it plans to launch a national smoking-cessation program in the spring . The program will include information and treatment on smoking cessation at CVS/pharmacy and Minute Clinic locations in addition to online resources . Members of the pharmacy benefit management plan will be able to access comprehensive programs to help themselves stop smoking . Smoking-cessation products such as nicotine patches or gum will continue to be available at CVS/pharmacy locations , Dr. Troyen Brennan , chief medical officer for CVS Caremark , said Wednesday . The last cigarette : Nine ex-smokers who quit the habit for good Fewer people smoke today than in the mid-20th century , but there are still a lot of Americans lighting up . In 1965 , 42 % of the population smoked , compared with 19 % today , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Experts said the decline in smoking has plateaued . It 's no secret that tobacco causes health problems . Cancer , stroke , heart disease and lung diseases are among the results of smoking , according to the CDC . More than 5 million deaths per year are caused by tobacco use . Smokers also tend to die 10 years before nonsmokers , according to the CDC . Support from public health advocates The company 's announcement is "  a huge step toward our country being able to have a really long-lasting culture of health , " said Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey , president and CEO of the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation , the largest U.S. philanthropy devoted to public health . In addition to eliminating a point of sale of tobacco , CVS Caremark 's removal of tobacco products also takes away an advertising opportunity , said Robin Koval , president and CEO of Legacy , an organization that conducts research on tobacco use . Young people who shop at CVS/pharmacy for other reasons will no longer see the array of tobacco products available . "  It 's obviously a landmark decision and one that I hope wakes up the entire retail industry that it 's the right thing to do , " Koval said . FDA launches teen anti-smoking campaign A report from the California Department of Public Health found that while total cigarette sales decreased between 2005 and 2009 in the United States , sales in pharmacies increased . If sales of cigarettes at pharmacies continue rising at the current rate , by 2020 almost 15 % of all U.S. cigarette sales will occur at pharmacies , the report said . According to a 2011 study in Los Angeles , cited in the report , more than 32 % of pharmacies sold cigarettes , and traditional chain pharmacies were far more likely to sell cigarettes than independently owned pharmacies . Wender noted the CVS move is in line with what the American Cancer Society , American Heart Association , American Medical Association , American Lung Association and American Pharmacists Association have advocated : to stop sales of tobacco in retail outlets with pharmacies . On the other side of the issue , there is a lot of money in tobacco . The cigarette industry spent $ 8.37 billion in 2011 on advertising and promotions , according to the CDC . Most tobacco is sold in convenience stores , which would be "  a tougher nut to crack " in terms of stopping tobacco sales , Wender said . But pharmacies are a good place to start , Wender said . He is convinced the removal of tobacco products from CVS/pharmacy locations will result in some smokers quitting , particularly those who have a habit of buying their cigarettes there . "  It 's going to force every one of them to pause and say , ` Why is n't my CVS selling cigarettes anymore ? ' " Wender said . How you can prevent most kinds of cancer	Walgreens says it is "  evaluating this product category " Tobacco will no longer be sold at CVS/pharmacy stores as of October 1 President Barack Obama praises the move by CVS Caremark It 's the first chain of national pharmacies to stop selling tobacco
Financial Times  -- China plans to boost its official defence budget by 11.2 per cent this year as Beijing is balancing the modernisation of its armed forces against the need to keep military spending in line with economic development . Defence expenditure is budgeted to rise to Rmb670 .247 bn  $ 110bn  in 2012 , Li Zhaoxing , spokesman of the National People 's Congress , told reporters a day before China 's rubber stamp parliament opens to hear premier Wen Jiabao 's budget report . The rate of increase is slightly lower than last year 's 12.7 per cent but in line with the growth trajectory over the past two decades . China has reported double-digit increases in official military spending for each year since 1989 except for 2009 , when the announced growth rate dropped to 7.5 per cent . Beijing says it is committed to keeping military spending in line with the overall pace of economic development . Foreign analysts agree that Beijing 's official defence budget does not represent the full amount China spends on the military , but most external estimates still assume that the overall growth trajectory of military spending is in line with the announced figure . The Stockholm Institute for Peace Research , one of the most respected independent research institutions , estimates that the official figure accounts for about 60 per cent of China 's total military spending . Some of the remaining funds are for the People 's Armed Police , a force directly under central government orders which has a separate budget , and the militia , which is partly funded by local governments . The SIPRI analysts say the biggest uncertainty is hidden in research and development and acquisitions of new weapons systems . In general , the Chinese government lists soldiers ' pay , training and maintenance , and equipment costs as the three areas on which its military budget is spent . In a departure from this terse formula , Mr Li claimed that the official number included all other spending . "  Spending on the research , testing , acquisition , maintenance , transport and storage of equipment , including new weapons systems , are also included in the defence budget figure which is announced every year , " he said . Independent defence experts doubt this claim as they believe the official figure is not enough to cover for the cost of major weapons systems that the People 's Liberation Army has under development or which it has started deploying . Last year , the PLA finished refurbishment of an old aircraft carrier which it has started using for exercises . "  Given that they 're taking it out for navigation training and that they 're training large numbers of pilots for carrier operations , the cost here has to soar , " said a south-east Asian military official in Beijing . The Chinese military has also started deploying a land-based anti-ship missile with which it intends to limit access for US carrier groups to regional waters . Foreign defence experts said the additional radar and satellites needed for accurate targeting were also bound to cause a spike in weapons acquisition cost . The 11.2 per cent increase comes as the US , which has the world 's largest military budget , is cutting defence spending while at the same time shifting its focus to Asia-Pacific , widely seen as an effort to re-assert its regional influence against a rising China . Over the past year , the Obama administration has moved to strengthen military ties with traditional allies in the region including Australia , Japan and the Philippines . South-east Asian countries welcome a stronger US presence in the region to balance what they see as an increasingly assertive China . As Beijing has stepped up patrols in disputed waters of the South China Sea and continued to add advanced military hardware , neighbours such as Vietnam , Singapore , Thailand and Malaysia have reacted by stepping up weapons purchases themselves . For the US , maintaining its naval presence in Asia is more difficult and more costly than for China -- Washington relies on a ` forward ' structure of foreign bases and carrier groups whereas the People 's Liberation Army can concentrate on building equipment which will allow it to deny US forces access to regional waters . "  It is important to note that Beijing views itself as reacting to the increasingly assertive policies of other countries and has repeatedly said that it does not want to provoke military confrontation , " said Sarah McDowall , Asia-Pacific analyst at IHS Jane 's , a leading defence research firm . "  That said , the increase will be partially motivated by Washington 's strategic campaign to re-assert itself in Asia Pacific and will underscore China 's growing means to assert its power over maritime claims in disputed waters of the South China Sea , East China Sea and Yellow Sea . " IHS Jane 's recently forecast the pace of Chinese defence spending growth to jump to an average 18.7 per cent per year . But analysts believe that any bigger increases would have to wait until a new generation of political leaders have taken over . Xi Jinping , the vice president who is expected to succeed Hu Jintao as president and Communist party chief , has much closer ties to the military than Mr Hu . However , even next year 's budget will still be drafted under Mr Hu . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Defence expenditure is budgeted to rise to Rmb670 .247 bn  $ 110bn  in 2012 The rate of increase is slightly lower than last year 's 12.7 % but in line with the growth trajectory over the past two decades The increase comes as the U.S. is cutting defense spending while at the same time shifting its focus to Asia-Pacific
CNN  -- The longtime companion of notorious fugitive James "  Whitey " Bulger has pleaded guilty to several charges related to her infamous 16-year run from authorities with her alleged mobster boyfriend . Catherine Greig entered the guilty plea Wednesday to one charge of conspiracy to harbor a fugitive and two counts of identity theft , according to federal court spokesman Steve York . "  In early 1995 , I agreed to join Bulger and travel with Bulger during his flight from law enforcement . From January 1995 through June 22 . 2011 , I also agreed with others , including Bulger , to harbor and conceal him from law enforcement , " Greig said in court documents . Bulger , 82 , has previously pleaded not guilty to all charges against him , including 19 murder charges . U.S. Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz of Massachusetts said Greig is "  no victim " and her plea was "  no sweetheart deal . " "  There was no deal -- certainly no sweetheart deal , " Ortiz said . "  I want the record to stand that at no time we compromised our ability to make a sentencing recommendation . The chapter has not closed on this matter on this case . "  We think that bringing this matter swiftly to a conviction is a fair and just result . We can focus on an ongoing investigation now . We can focus on the trial of Mr. Bulger . The taxpayers do n't want to see a trail that 's not necessary to be had , and I think this is a very appropriate conclusion , " Ortiz said . Bulger , who is being held without bail , was the head of a South Boston Irish gang before he fled an impending racketeering indictment in 1995 . He evaded law enforcement for 16 years before he and Greig were arrested in June 2011 in Santa Monica . The couple had , for several years , hid in plain sight in the palm-tree-lined , oceanside city near Los Angeles in a three-story building named Princess Eugenia . Bulger was arrested after he was lured out of his apartment with an FBI ruse : He received a phone call and was told his lock box had been broken into in the basement parking lot area of his apartment building . When Bulger went down to check it out , FBI agents arrested him . Neighbors said the couple was quiet . A manager of a restaurant near their home recalled how the alleged gangster and his girlfriend liked the privacy of a far corner table and once worked up a $ 192 bill , plus tip , for a steak and lobster dinner , accompanied by foie gras , vodka highballs and chardonnay . But before settling into anonymity , Bulger was once one of the FBI 's Top 10 most wanted fugitives . His alleged barbarity as an Irish-American mobster in Boston is said to have inspired the Jack Nicholson character in Martin Scorsese 's 2006 film "  The Departed . " Dick Lehr , who wrote a book about Bulger , described him as a cold-blooded killer whose gang went to lengths to avoid detection . "  When they killed someone -- this is pre-DNA -- they pulled the teeth out , cut the fingers off , tried to make it so the victims , if they were discovered from their graves , could n't be identified . There 's just no bottom . It does n't get much uglier than someone like Whitey Bulger , " Lehr said . The FBI employed many methods to capture Bulger , including offering a $ 2 million reward . In 2011 , the agency began airing a 30-second public service announcement aimed at getting Bulger . The agency bought about 350 ad spots in 14 U.S. cities . The ad focused on Greig , then 60 , and targeted female viewers around the same age . It described her as loving dogs and other animals and frequenting beauty salons . It said she had worked as a dental hygienist , likes to maintain her teeth , and had had multiple plastic surgeries . Bulger 's brother , William Bulger , is a former president of the University of Massachusetts and a state Senate leader . He was forced to step down from his university job after then-Gov . Mitt Romney , now a Republican presidential candidate , accused him of being evasive during congressional testimony about the whereabouts of his brother . Greig could face a five-year sentence for each count , according to court documents . CNN 's Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There was no deal -- certainly no sweetheart deal , " prosecutor says Catherine Greig has pleaded guilty to three counts Her boyfriend , James "  Whitey " Bulger , has pleaded not guilty to all charges Bulger is said to be the inspiration for 2006 movie "  The Departed "
CNN  -- Not since the days of American track star Florence Griffith Joyner has nail art been front and center as an Olympic style trend like it is at the 2012 London Olympics . Athletes are showing their competitive spirit through flag-decorated nails and colors meant to mimic the medals they aim to win . But these special motifs are n't just for Olympians . Samantha Tremlin is one of many nail art fans getting into the spirit of the 2012 London Olympics with funky fingertips . She was n't crazy about the Olympics before the summer games came to her country this year . But since then , the manicure fanatic who goes by "  the Nailasaurus " has been honing her technique of recreating tiny Union Jack designs . "  Nail art is a hobby of mine , so as the Olympics are quite a big event and being held in my home country this year , I thought I would show some support for Team Great Britain ! " said the 21-year-old Cardiff , Wales , resident , who shared her handiwork on CNN iReport . "  This year it 's very close to home . It feels as though the games have united every single person in the country with all excitement and pride we 're feeling . " Share your Olympic-themed nail art on CNN iReport From swimmers Missy Franklin and Rebecca Addlington to archers , cyclists and weightlifters , athletes everywhere are sporting patriotic nail decor at the games , thanks in part to British "  nail queen " Sophy Robson , whose team of nail artists is providing services to athletes and their guests in "  grooming salons " in the Olympic Village . "  It was such fun working with the athletes , " said Robson , who designed a menu of 207 country flags to choose from in a partnership with corporate sponsor P&G . "  There are no egos involved and they are just excited to have something represent their country on their nails . " YouTube : Sophy Robson 's Union Jack tutorial Even if you 're not in London or Europe , participating in the nail art trend connects viewers to the revelry , celebrity nail technician Deborah Lippmann said . "  It 's a way that everyone can feel like they 're a part of the experience in a supportive way , no matter where you are , " said Lippman , whose eponymous nail polish brand is sold worldwide . It 's not as permanent as a haircut and having 10 fingers means the opportunity to sport various themes , with one finger dedicated to the American flag in support of country and the other to Usain Bolt because he 's just that cool . Related : Nail art is the new lipstick The appeal for fans is probably the same as it is for athletes : you can show off your patriotism without saying a word , said Lisa Bailey , the blogger behind the DIY resource Nail Art 101 . "  Nail art can have the stigma of being for "  prissy " girls or girls who are afraid to get down and dirty , " Bailey said . "  These women are showing that you can have hot nails and still break world records ! It 's no longer just for princesses and rich girls . " Da-Hae West , 25 , is from South Korea , but she lives in London . She wrote "  Republic of Korea " in Korean on her nails , accompanied by the national flag . "  It 's a small way to show my support ! " she said in an iReport . Allison Fitzpatrick of Charlotte , North Carolina , has been experimenting with nail art for about two years as a way to "  spice up the average manicure , " the 29-year-old said in an iReport . It 's also a great way to feel connected to the games , especially since athletes are also wearing nail art , she said . "  With the Olympics being such an inspiring event I wanted to be able to add some of that inspiration to my everyday life , " she said . "  Whether the design is the iconic Olympic rings , the Union Jack to celebrate the host city or a recreation of gold medalist Missy Franklin 's patriotic nails , nail art is a fun and creative way to show support for the athletes right here at home . " With the home-court advantage , the Brits probably claim the most enthusiastic Olympic-themed nail art . Plus , there 's a lot of room to play around with the Union Jack , as nail art enthusiast Jenny Pasha of London demonstrated with her gold studded set of nails . "  I wanted to create a set of nails that were unique and showed off my support for Team GB , " said Pasha , who documents nail art inspiration on her blog . "  I have done Union flag nails many times in the past , but for the Olympics everyone 's goal is to go for a gold medal , so I decided to do an all gold set of nails , " she said . "  I am very proud to have the Olympics in my hometown and I love to show my pride through my nail art ! "	Athletes sport patriotic nail art at 2012 London Olympics Fans watching the games from afar emulate trend with their own DIY creations Enthusiasts say nail art is fun way to support athletes , feel connection to games
Editor 's note : Thomas Maier is the author of "  The Kennedys : America 's Emerald Kings , "  Basic Books  , which was the basis of a Warner Bros. video documentary released in November . He is a reporter for Newsday . Thomas Maier says Ted Kennedy 's immigrant heritage helped drive his advocacy of a more open America . CNN  -- With a sign from Dunganstown , Ireland , hanging in his U.S. Capitol office , a reminder of the famine-ravished farm where his ancestors began , Sen. Edward "  Ted " Kennedy always seemed to understand that the Kennedys were perhaps America 's greatest immigrant story -- overcoming religious , ethnic and cultural barriers to reach once unimaginable heights . "  My brother Jack wrote ' A Nation of Immigrants ' in 1958 , and his words ring true as clearly today as they did half a century ago , " said Ted early last year , a few months before he was struck with a malignant brain tumor that claimed his life Tuesday . "  I 'm constantly reminded of my immigrant heritage . " Indeed , the Kennedys ' vision of "  A Nation of Immigrants " -- which Ted championed throughout his public career -- dramatically transformed today 's America , opening the door for millions of new citizens and paving the way for Barack Obama 's presidency . It is the Kennedys ' most lasting legacy . John F. Kennedy 's idealistic belief in America 's dream of opportunity for all was clearly stated in "  A Nation of Immigrants , " which reflected so much of his family 's story as Irish Catholic immigrants . The essence of this little known , little-studied book became the 1965 Immigration Reform Act , which ended the discriminatory preference given to white Europeans and opened the door to millions from Latin America , Asia , Africa and around the world . First proposed by President Kennedy in July 1963 , a few months before his assassination , the bill was passed in his memory , pushed by his two brothers in the U.S. Senate and signed by President Lyndon Johnson beneath the Statue of Liberty . Ted was particularly proud of its passage and referred to it often in public . No law in our lifetime has done more to change the demographics of modern America . Many historians routinely ignore , or give only a passing nod , to the underlying forces of ethnicity and religion that so often influenced the Kennedy family 's actions and outlook . Often their years in power were lionized as "  Camelot " by the press . But as Ted Kennedy realized , a comparison to British royalty hardly seemed proper for the great-grandson of an Irish migrant worker who fled from a Dunganstown , County Wexford , farm during the Great Famine . That Dunganstown sign in Ted 's office was a reminder of the Kennedys ' sense of their own immigrant heritage , their epic encounters with religious bigotry , and how the complex dynamics of their family life reflected the Irish Catholic experience in America . From his grandfather , former Boston Mayor John F. "  Honey Fitz " Fitzgerald , young Ted heard of the great wave of Irish immigrants to America that included their family . And in the 1990s , the efforts of Ted and his sister , U.S. Ambassador Jean Kennedy Smith , to bring peace to their ancestral homeland seemed to reflect their deeper sense of being Irish , of being Catholic and of being members of a family coming from an often oppressed immigrant minority . Ted went back to Ireland many times , including to the old Kennedy homestead in Dunganstown . The culmination of this Kennedy 's immigrant legacy was most apparent by the 2008 presidential campaign , which offered many reminders for Ted Kennedy of the barriers his brother faced in 1960 , becoming the first U.S. president from a minority background . Most notably , Obama , the U.S. senator from Illinois , possessed a style and dignity particularly reminiscent of the Kennedy era . At a key moment in the primary campaign , Ted Kennedy publicly supported Obama who , in turn , said the Kennedy family always stood for "  what is best about America . " Obama 's campaign faced many tests similar to those that John Kennedy endured in 1960 as the first and only Roman Catholic elected to the presidency . As a minority , born to black and white parents , Obama had to overcome code words and subtle biases historically applied to African-Americans . Like Catholic hard-liners who complained that Kennedy was n't "  Catholic enough " in 1960 , Obama was sometimes criticized within the black community for not seeming "  black enough " in 2008 . And yet when the media made it seem Obama had been attacked for his minority status , African-Americans rallied to his support , just as Catholics did in 1960 for Kennedy . Ted Kennedy 's dramatic embrace of Obama 's candidacy carried a powerful symbolism , one of the last significant acts of his distinguished career before he fell ill . From the broadest vantage , the Kennedy story reminds us of the glories and the limits of America 's melting pot and those histories that paint people from minority groups in familiar "  just like us " tones . We gain a better grasp of the Kennedys ' appeal beyond Irish Catholics -- to countless other immigrant and minority groups who share a dream of ascendancy in America . In this context , our understanding of the Kennedys becomes richer , more complex and of greater historical significance to what John Kennedy called a nation of immigrants . It recalls how far we 've progressed as a country since the 1960 election , and yet how many barriers still remain today . No one understood that better than Ted Kennedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Maier .	Thomas Maier : Kennedy 's heritage was of an immigrant family that broke barriers Maier says the Kennedy brothers pushed wider opening of U.S. borders in 1960s He says resulting demographic change helped usher in President Obama 's election Maier : Like JFK , Obama 's background is much different than other presidents
CNN  -- What makes a city "  cool " ? If it means being loaded with atmosphere , charm , great food and nightlife , yet ignored by the bulk of travelers , then Lisbon deserves consideration as Europe 's coolest capital . Here 's why . 1 . Nightlife that can outlast Madrid 's If you think Madrid stays out late , try a night out in Lisbon . The city is less about heaving clubs and more about a roving nocturnal flow that ends  maybe  when dawn rises over the Tagus River . The main action is in the Bairro Alto , where more than 250 appealing bars line a web of streets between graffiti-plastered walls . Next is the riverfront , in the hip neighborhood around Cais do Sodré railway station . Typical of the offbeat flavor here is the converted brothel Pensão Amor  Rua do Alecrim 19 , +351 21 314 3399  where ace cocktails accompany erotica and DJ sets . Capping a Lisbon night are pre-dawn traffic jams at Santa Apolonia docks -- they 're created by the popularity of Lux , the king of Lisbon superclubs  Cais da Pedra +351 21 882 0890  . 2 . Experimental cuisine Once known largely for bacalhau  dried cod  , quaint old coffee houses and louche taverns , the Portuguese capital now claims a range of restaurants . Seafood remains a staple , but the trend is for modern , sophisticated and affordable . A high bar is set by wunderkind chef José Avillez at his Michelin-starred Belcanto  Largo de Sao Carlos 10 , +351 21 342 0607  or his more casual bistro Cantinho  Rua dos Duques de Bragança 7 , +351 211 992369  . Avant-garde European and Portuguese cuisine describes Avillez 's menu , which stretches from sea bass with seaweed to lamb with vegetable puree . Further down the scale , Lisbonites love juicy bifanas  pork buns  in backstreet eateries . No traveler to Lisbon should miss the famed egg tarts  pasteis de nata  . The little bundles of caramel-y custard in chewy pastry are eaten in style at the original tiled café , Antiga Confeitaria de Belem  Rua Belém 84-92 , +351 21 363 7423  . 3 . Irony You 'd think Lisbonites would brag about their achievements -- first global empire , world 's best custard tarts , sea bass with seaweed that actually tastes great . On the contrary , along with the rest of the nation , they excel in that ages old literary device/defense mechanism : irony . As Portuguese writer Fernando Pessoa once eloquently summed up the prevailing national outlook : "  I 'd woken up early , and took a long time getting ready to exist . " That old entertaining melancholy has resurfaced with the austerity of recent years , helping Lisbonites remain  almost  content and always witty , even in tough times . 4 . Beaches and castles Lisbon is a place to inhale salty Atlantic air , sunbathe and hit the waves . Dolphins surf and ferries ply the River Tagus . Half an hour away by train are the beaches and ornate casino of Estoril . A bit further , Cascais is for eaters -- lots of grilled fish and seafood stews served in domed cataplana dishes . The other big day trip is to Sintra . Forty minutes from Lisbon 's main station  Rossio  , it 's a time-warp town , located in lush , wooded hills peppered with whimsical palaces and mansions that epitomize centuries of aristocratic opulence . 5 . Fabulous design Wherever you look in Lisbon , sharp contemporary design is a hallmark . Stylish leather goods , bold wine labels , interiors combining vintage with the latest designer pieces , spectacular buildings -- this is a city that loves to look good . Pritzker-prize winning architect Alvaro Siza Vieira set the modernist tone with his gravity-defying pavilion for Expo 98 . Lisbonites gather to appreciate good design at MUDE  Rua Augusta 24 , +351 21 888 6117  , their mutant fashion and design museum , where austere low-tech blends with baroque flounces . 6 . Big art Large European capitals such as London , Paris , Berlin and Madrid may have blockbuster art collections , but Lisbon 's half million inhabitants have access to their own rare panoply . The classic is the Gulbenkian Foundation  Av . de Berna 45A , +351 21 782 3000  , where superlative Oriental and Western art occupies an airy 1960s building and landscaped gardens . In Bélem , the Museu Berardo  Praça do Império , +351 21 361 2878  focuses on big names of 20th - and 21st-century art , from Picasso to Jeff Koons . Museu de Arte Antiga  Portuguese site only ; Rua Janelas Verdes , +351 21 391 2800  is a 17th-century mansion packed with 500 years of artwork that reflects Portugal 's globetrotting history . Lisbon 's latest exclusive is the impressive Museu do Oriente  Avenida de Brasília , Doca de Alcântara , +351 21 358 5244  , a superbly converted salt cod warehouse full of Asian exhibits where you can book a nighttime visit followed by dinner in the riverfront restaurant . 7 . Fascinating streets There 's no getting bored wandering in Lisbon , thanks to the intricately patterned cobblestones under your feet -- a civic point of pride that blossomed after Lisbon 's 1755 earthquake and continues today . Even Lisbon 's walls demand attention , thanks to an obsession with azulejos  ceramic tiles  . Top examples are found at the Museu Nacional do Azulejo  Rua da Madre de Deus 4 , +351 218 100 340  , while the peeling façades of the Alfama and Mouraria districts show dozens of variations .	Lisbon was the first global city -- it still feels like it Its inhabitants are experts at irony and creativity They challenge Madrileños for nightlife stamina They make the best custard tarts on the planet
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian journalists Tawfiq Okasha and Islam Afifi will be tried for defaming and insulting President Mohamed Morsy , a spokesman said Monday . Okasha , who owns the al-Faraeen TV channel and is also a show host , faces the charge of defamation and is accused of "  inciting to kill " the president , according to Adel Saeed , spokesman for the general prosecutor 's office . Afifi , who is editor of the al-Dustour newspaper , was referred to the court for "  spreading false information and rumors that threaten the security and stability of the nation " and for insulting Morsy , the spokesman said . Analysis : Is Morsy a step forward or back ? A date was not immediately announced for the trial , which will be watched closely by those looking for signs of what the future of press freedom will be under the new president , who took office in June . The two journalists were summoned to the prosecutor 's office for questioning , but neither appeared , according to the spokesman . Afifi , speaking by phone to 25TV , said he had not been summoned . Over the weekend , prosecutors imposed a travel ban on the two journalists , prohibiting them from leaving Egypt while they are under investigation , Saeed said . Egyptian forces raid Sinai militants Authorities have already moved to limit the output of their outlets . They ordered copies of al-Dustour to be seized and suspended Okasha 's show for a month , the spokesman said . One analyst agreed the journalists "  crossed the line . " "  There is a difference between critique and defaming someone 's reputation , like he did with the president and many groups , " Sawfat Allam , a professor of political media at Cairo University and head of a committee monitoring media coverage of elections , said about Okasha . In one show , the TV host "  insulted " the Muslim Brotherhood 58 times , Allam said . Morsy , who ran as a candidate of the Islamist organization , resigned after winning the presidential election . Tricky game of power Okasha has organized demonstrations outside the U.S. Embassy in Cairo to protest what he describes as American meddling in internal affairs . He also protested U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's visit there last month . Okasha is planning a demonstration on August 24 outside the presidential palace to demand that Morsy step down and that the rule of the Muslim Brotherhood be ended . He has said the president "  must be stopped . " News of the upcoming trial came one day after Morsy shook up the country 's powerful military leadership , replacing top generals and reasserting power the military claimed for itself before he took office .	Tawfiq Okasha owns the al-Faraeen TV channel and is a host Islam Afifi is editor of the al-Dustour newspaper Both men are prohibited from leaving Egypt while they are under investigation
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Survivors still emerged from collapsed buildings in Haiti 's devastated capital Sunday , nearly five days after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake struck the impoverished island nation . U.S. and Turkish rescuers plucked three people , including an American woman , from the rubble of a supermarket Sunday , and were continuing to search for more people in the ruins . The survivors had been living on the store 's supply of food and water , rescuers said . Elsewhere , a team from New York rescued a 55-year-old man from the remains of a four-story building after using a rescue camera to locate him . And an Israel Defense Forces team said Sunday it had rescued a Haitian government worker from the ruins of a customs office Saturday . The rescues lent a sense of urgency to those still working to find signs of life among the collapsed buildings , who know that time is running out for those still alive . Nearly 30 international rescue teams continue to comb the disaster areas for more survivors . While there has not been an official count , U.N. estimates of the number of casualties in the capital alone range from 100,000 to 150,000 . Get the latest developments in Haiti By Friday , 13,000 bodies had been recovered , said U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Edmond Mulet . Among the dead are 16 Americans , the State Department said Sunday . More than 300 U.N. staffers are unaccounted for . Thirty-seven are confirmed dead , including the top two civilian officials at the U.N. mission in Haiti , a peacekeeping and police force established after the 2004 ouster of then-President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . Why Haiti is different U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon was in Haiti Sunday and visited the site of the U.N. 's collapsed mission . He assured survivors of U.N. assistance despite the organization suffering the gravest loss in its history . The United Nations "  will continue to work with the major international donors who have been generous enough to provide humanitarian assistance , dispatching search-and-rescue teams . This is a moment of sadness but it is also a moment of Haiti 's need , " he said . Former President Bill Clinton , the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , will travel to the country on Monday to meet with officials and deliver aid supplies , his foundation announced Sunday . He is set to meet with Haitian President Rene Preval and other members of the local government as well as aid workers , to discuss how to proceed with recovery operations . The visit comes two days after President Obama announced the formation of the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund , a major fundraising effort for victims of Tuesday 's earthquake led by Clinton and former President George W. Bush . Presidents Bush , Clinton team up for Haiti On Saturday , a man said to be the head of the capital city 's tax office was carried out of the rubble on a stretcher , to wild cheers from residents . And a 2-month-old baby with broken ribs was pulled out and airlifted to Florida in critical condition . But in many cases , rescue operations turned into recovery ones . A Los Angeles rescue team answered the desperate pleas of a mother who believed her young daughter was trapped alive beneath the rubble of a day care center in downtown Port-au-Prince . They searched for eight hours Saturday . At some point , the distinct sounds of tapping from within the crushed concrete stopped . As rescue personnel pulled away , the mother -- who stood praying silently during the rescue efforts -- stayed put , holding on to hope . How to help : Impact Your World More California rescuers patiently chipped away at concrete and debris Sunday morning , trying to reach a woman who sent a text message saying she was buried beneath the ruins of a collapsed bank . The Los Angeles County Search and Rescue team had been looking for the woman since Saturday afternoon when a text arrived : "  I 'm OK but help me , I ca n't take it anymore . " But the hours ticked by , with no sign she was still alive . Despite the best attempts by aid groups , the country remains in dire need of food , water and medical aid . In open fields , abandoned stadiums and empty warehouses in the capital , relief workers set up makeshift hospitals . Residents flocked to them en masse . Dr. Jennifer Furin with Harvard Medical School was tending to about 300 patients at one such hospital on a U.N. compound near Port-au-Prince 's airport . Without immediate surgery , a third of them will die , she predicted . The Port-au-Prince airport remained overwhelmed by the influx of air traffic bringing in supplies , although an overhead photo Sunday showed activity and numerous planes on the ground .	NEW : Rescue teams from U.S. , Israel , Turkey find people alive in quake rubble NEW : Nearly 30 teams from around the world continue to comb debris for survivors U.N. secretary-general visits Haiti , site of U.N. 's worst loss of life ever Port-au-Prince airport remains overwhelmed by planes bringing supplies
Budget Travel  -- Face off with a giant croc ! Ride the world 's fastest coaster ! And seven more of the season 's greatest adventures . Get up close with a crocodile at Crocosaurus Cove in Darwin , Australia . Zip line , Maui , Hawaii At Piiholo Ranch , a working horse and cattle ranch on Maui , Hawaii 's longest zip line takes you screaming over guava trees and gulches filled with native ferns . Part of a five-line tour , Line 5 , which measures more than a half mile , even takes in a glimpse of the island 's north shore . 808/572 -1717 , piiholozipline.com , $ 190 . -- Carolina A. Miranda Rain forest sledding , Ocho Rios , Jamaica To train for the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary , the famed Jamaican bobsled team resorted to careering down the island 's Blue Mountains in a modified pushcart . To relive the team 's experience , head to Mystic Mountain , an eco-themed park on the country 's north coast . Here , thrill seekers hop into a bobsled on rails that tears through tropical forest and down a 3,200-foot track that , at one point , drops 400 feet at almost 30 mph . 876/974 -3990 , rainforestbobsledjamaica.com , $ 62 . -- Sara Morrow . Budget Travel : See photos of these summer thrills Crocodile close-ups , Darwin , Australia Meet Choppa , an 18-foot croc who can shred a bull shark with his jaws . At Crocosaurus Cove aquarium , visitors spend 15 heart-pounding minutes in his tank , the Cage of Death . A sturdy acrylic panel separates you from the 1,700-pound reptile -- but that does n't make the experience any less terrifying . 011-61/8 -8981 -7522 , crocosauruscove.com , admission $ 18.50 , Cage of Death $ 79 , reservations required . -- JD Rinne Rock and Roll Dreams , London , England Crackling amps , glaring lights , the roar of the crowd : Most of us will never know the euphoria of strutting around stage like a superstar . But at London 's British Music Experience , you can come close . The 20,000-square-foot interactive exhibit , open since March , has a room full of instruments where you can record your own hits and a studio where footage of you gets spliced into a music video . The grand finale : a room decked out in wall-size video screens , showing excerpts of concerts by the likes of Bowie and the Rolling Stones . 011-44/844 -847 -2477 , britishmusicexperience.com , adults $ 21 , kids under 16 $ 17 . -- Alison Rohrs Tiger tug-of-war , Tampa , Florida Twice a day , up to six visitors to Jungala , a four-acre animal attraction at Busch Gardens in Tampa , get to play tug-of-war with one of the park 's 11 Bengal tigers  with the 300-pound beast safely behind a double-mesh fence  . Not surprisingly , the tigers have maintained a flawless record -- the feistiest feline , a male named Bhutan , usually wins in about a minute . 888/800 -5447 , buschgardens.com , adults $ 70 , kids 3 to 9 $ 60 . -- Amy Chen . Budget Travel : More summer thrills Defy gravity , Nashville , Tennessee Channel your inner Neil Armstrong at the Sudekum Planetarium in Nashville , where the new Space Chase wing has two activities that simulate the weightless feeling of space . Guests buckle into a harness and , in minutes , are hurtling above the surface of the moon or alongside a spacecraft . 615/862 -5160 , sudekumplanetarium.com , adults $ 11 , kids under 12 $ 9 . -- Beth Collins COASTER WATCH On the rails of the newest adrenaline-pumping rides . The Diamondback , Mason , Ohio Named for a deadly viper , this beast opened in April at Kings Island , near Cincinnati . It has 10 vertical drops spread out over 10 acres , but the real thrill is the open-air vehicle itself , with individual stadium-style seats and no sides . 800/288 -0808 , visitkingsisland.com , adults $ 32 . -- Danielle Lipp Ring Racer , Nürburg , Germany One of pro racing 's toughest tracks , the Nürburgring will also , come July , feature the world 's fastest coaster -- a monster that can hit 135 mph in under three seconds  and that kicks off near the real track 's finish line  . 011-49/2691 -3020 , nuerburgring.de , adults $ 26 . -- Mike Iveson Terminator Salvation , Valencia , California Debuting along with the latest Terminator movie in May , the new ride at Six Flags Magic Mountain weds the creaky terror of an old wooden coaster with high-tech effects . Expect five gut-scrambling plunges and speeds of up to 55 mph . 661/255 -4100 , sixflags.com , adults $ 60 . -- DL Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	In Jamaica , thrill seekers tear through tropical forest in a bobsled on rails Visitors to Busch Gardens in Tampa can play tug-of-war with Bengal tigers At Piiholo Ranch on Maui take a ride on Hawaii 's longest zip line
CNN  -- As protests continue across the Middle East , American shoemaker Bahman Irvani remembers 1979 . That year , he and his family fled Iran after the revolution leaving behind their thriving footwear business . "  We left Iran because the government took over not only our businesses but our personal assets as well , " said 59-year-old Irvani , whose family had been manufacturing shoes there for over 50 years . In 1983 , the family business was reborn , a long way from Iran , in Buford , Georgia in the United States . Irvani called his new enterprise "  Okabashi " in honor of the Japanese practice of reflexology and , as the company 's website states their shoes have : "  tiny massaging beads are strategically placed across the foot-bed of each shoe to stimulate different areas of the sole . " Having just celebrated the company 's 25th anniversary of manufacturing in the U.S. , Irvani says his team is really proud to have manufactured 100 % of their shoes domestically . To date , Irvani 's company has sold over 30-million pairs of the inexpensive ergonomic sandals . Irvani believes too many companies have switched to importing goods , but it 's not a trend he 's about to start following . "  Our core competency is in manufacturing and what we like to do is design and manufacture really comfortable shoes and I think we do that just as well in the U.S. than doing it overseas . " Two-billion pairs of footwear are sold each year in the United States with 99 % of them made overseas . Jason Boswell , vice president of sales for Okabashi credits Irvani for bucking that trend . "  While other companies send their operations overseas and cut corners on quality , Bahman insists on keeping our operations domestic and instead of lowering quality actually increasing it , " Boswell said . Irvani 's factory employs around 200 workers that produce up to 20,000 pairs of shoes each day , with his sandals selling for as little as $ 12 . "  Our shoes get to the American consumer after traveling an average of 800 miles , " Irvani said , "  compared to Chinese shoes which can travel 12,000 miles on average . " The sandals are 100 % recyclable and made of up to 25 % recycled material . All the materials Okabashi use are entirely recyclable , Irvani says . "  Very few shoes , by the way , are recyclable -- the leather shoes one wears for example . There are a lot of components going into the shoes so you have to undo them and that process of splitting them up is incredibly time consuming and just not practical . Our shoes are primarily one material , " he said . The company also takes great pains to ensure a zero waste manufacturing process . "  Obviously not everything comes out beautiful and perfect so we end up with scrap or process waste or returns from customers , " said Brad Laporte , vice president of manufacturing . The company encourages their customers to return their worn out sandals where they are cleaned , ground up and mixed with the new plastic . The future for Bahman Irvani 's company looks bright despite the recent recession -- Okabashi export to 16 countries , including Asia , Laporte says . Irvani has no plans for retirement . His father worked well into his 80s and his son -- 28-year-old third generation shoemaker Hadi -- has taken a more active role in his beloved company . Irvani smiles when asked his thoughts on achieving the American dream . "  The American dream is filled with many sleepless nights , " he said .	Okabashi footwear lets you send your old shoes back to be recycled All new shoes are made with up to 25 % recycled material U.S.-based family-run business was started in Iran in the 1950s
London  CNN  -- There are few places in the world where you can see ancient statues , imperial European jewellery , masterpieces by Pieter Bruegel , paintings by Picasso and sculpture by Henry Moore all under one roof . But for a week starting Friday , you can see the finest examples of art from antiquity to the present day displayed at TEFAF , The European Fine Art Fair , in Maastricht , the Netherlands . The highlights of this year 's fair include a necklace once owned by Emperor Maximilian II 's wife , an antique cabinet and mechanical organ playing Beethoven 's "  Battle Symphony , " a painting of the Madonna and Child once owned by Napoleon III and a representation of Marilyn Monroe 's mouth in rubies and pearls by Salvador Dali . Now celebrating its 25th year , the fair remains one of the most important events on the annual art calendar . "  It does n't compare to any of the other fairs " said dealer Dino Tomasso , who is exhibiting at the fair for the first time this year with a showcase of Renaissance and Neo-Classical sculpture . "  It 's talked about all year long , the quality is exceptional -LSB- and though -RSB- it 's not the easiest place to have a fair , people travel from all over the world to come to it , " he continued . Fabrizio Moretti , a dealer and expert in Italian Old Master paintings who is also on the board of trustees for the fair , said : "  The thing that -LSB- the fair organizers -RSB- really strive for is the quality , and a new buyer can buy with confidence . " His gallery , Moretti Fine Art , is exhibiting a 1715 terracotta figure of a lion , thought to be the model for a commemorative monument to Queen Anne of England , and a painting by Pascualino Veneto of the Madonna and Child that was once owned by France 's Napoleon III . It is this high quality of objects that makes TEFAF such an important event for art lovers , said Titia Vellenga , a spokesperson for the fair . "  What has created the fair 's reputation is primarily that from the beginning we had a very strict vetting procedure , which leads to dealers bringing pieces that are really exceptional and this in turn attracts the really serious collectors , " she said . "  So when you have a spiral like this , it continues to attract really exceptional works of art , " said Vellenga . Richard Knight , Christie 's International Co-Chairman of Old Masters and 19th Century Art , was joint chairman of the fair for two years before moving on to Christie 's and was responsible for helping to set up the vetting system . "  One of the things I was responsible for was deciding that we would have no exhibiting dealers on the vetting committee , which now comprises all museum professionals , " he said . "  This is all designed to give confidence to the clients , who know that what they 're going to buy will have been vetted by the most professional people in the market today , " he continued . This comprehensive vetting system also helps insulate the fair from rumblings in the financial markets . "  One of the lovely things about the standard of the fair is that dealers vet themselves before they even go because they know that a fair that is n't of the highest standard is not frankly in this present market going to suit their best interests , " said Knight . And exhibiting a broad range of fine arts and antiquities from across the world guarantees an international roster of clients . In 2011 alone , TEFAF drew over 70,000 visitors from 55 countries and the fair organizers are expecting to see more and more Chinese and Brazilian visitors to the fair in future . "  There is quite a positive mood in the art market , " said Vellenga . "  People are still buying art and they see it as an alternative asset but they really want high quality and that 's what they can find at TEFAF , " she said .	TEFAF celebrates 25 years showcasing the best in fine art and antiquities Classical sculpture , jewelry , Old Master paintings , antique furniture on display Highlights include necklace owned by Viennese Empress , works by Bruegel and Picasso Fair 's organizers are confident , despite gloomy financial outlook
EW.com  -- Mariah Carey is clarifying her feelings about working on Fox 's "  American Idol . " "  Honestly , I hated it , " she said during a Hot 97 radio interview when asked about her time judging season 12 of the talent competition earlier this year along with Randy Jackson , Keith Urban and -- most infamously and contentiously -- Nicki Minaj . So how much did she hate it ? "  I was led to believe -- I was the first person signed on , " Carey said  video below  . "  Heaven forbid I look like I 'm saying something negative , but honestly I thought it was going to be a three-person panel . They gave me a nice dangling monetary moment . I was like , okay , Randy Jackson will be there , I 've known him forever . This is n't a big deal . This will be nothing . But it was n't that . It was like hell . It was like going to work every day in hell with Satan . " So , yes . She apparently really despised being on Idol . As Carey laughed and covered her eyes at her last comment , the host asked , "  Really ? " And then Carey added : "  Nah , I 'm just playing . It did n't affect me that much . " Oh , okay , she was pretty cool with it ? "  I was disappointed , " she added-added . So she was disappointed then ? "  I loved the contestants . And some of them were so good , and also really good people . " So dealing with the contestants -- that part Carey liked ? "  It was disappointing when they would -- for political reasons -- not put -LSB- contestants -RSB- through . And I 'm like , I 'm not going to sit here and do this . I would prefer to put this person in a studio and record a record with them . " "  Idol " really hired Carey as a judge ? She ca n't even clearly state her own opinion -- about her own opinion ! The singer just released a new single titled , ironically , "  The Art of Letting Go . " Both Carey and Minaj are off Idol for next season , which has Urban , Harry Connick Jr. and Jennifer Lopez as judges and premieres on Jan. 15 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Carey says she was disappointed with "  American Idol " Singer says she believed it would be a three person panel Says she "  loved the contestants "
CNN  -- Kickstarter campaigns have allowed people to fund diverse projects like video games , smartwatches and the restoration of historic locations . And now ? Make way for potato salad . Zack Brown of Columbus , Ohio , posted his Kickstarter project with a goal of $ 10 and a desire to make potato salad for the first time . As of Monday morning , more than 1,545 backers had pledged $ 11,000 for a chance to taste Brown 's creation . "  I am a somewhat risk-averse person , " Brown told CNN . "  I like potato salad but had never made it before and was n't sure it would be any good . Kickstarter helps people to realize their dreams , so it seemed like a perfect fit . " Kickstarter is an online donation site where people can pledge money toward a project and get rewards for doing so . Often , the final project is shared with the donors , along with extra benefits for reaching specific monetary goals . Brown 's stretch goals were blown through quickly , meaning he 'll be making different recipes . He 'll be using mayonnaise from the natural food section of his grocery store and consulting with a chef to make his potato salad better . Also ? He 'll host a potato-salad party in Columbus . Brown said he was blown away by the incredible generosity of backers for his somewhat random project . And he acknowledges a basic culinary truth : Since this is his first time , it might not be any good . "  It has always been my dream to do something that would connect people all over the world , " Brown said . "  Did I think that would happen with potato salad ? No . But Kickstarter has made my dreams come true . " One of the rewards for pledging $ 3 or more was to receive a bit of the potato salad . With the massive response , Brown knows he 's going to need some logistical help in pulling that off , but he 's undeterred . "  I could come to you . You could come to me , " he wrote in response to a question on his Kickstarter page . "  Or maybe we could get a restaurant chain to make the recipe and offer free samples as a promotion . " Brown 's exploits have garnered support from the United Kingdom , France , Romania and other countries outside the U.S. He 's working with a print designer to create a recipe book with one potato salad recipe inspired by each backer 's country . "  I 'm inviting the whole Internet to a party in Columbus , Ohio . I hope some people will bring potato salad or potato salad recipes . " Brown hopes to start making his potato salad recipes some time after his Kickstarter closes in August . He wo n't reveal any details about his recipes other than that he will be using potatoes from his local grocery store , vinegar will be involved in one recipe , and there will be a vegan option available . The making of the potato salad will be recorded and put on the Internet since he plans on saying the name of every backer out loud while he cooks . If the number of backers continues to grow , he may end up losing his voice by the end .	A Kickstarter to make potato salad has raised $ 11,000 Zack Brown was seeking $ 10 He says he 's never made it , and the end result might be bad Donations have come from the UK , France and Romania
CNN  -- The Star-Lord is officially the star of the box office . "  Guardians of the Galaxy " is now the top-grossing domestic movie of the year , Entertainment Weekly reports . According to data collected by Rentrak , the film has seen its domestic total rise to more than $ 274 million and is expected to rake in more than $ 16 million this holiday weekend . Not that this has been the best summer for cinema . Summer movies 2014 : 5 things we learned Forbes says that as of the last week of August , summer ticket sales were down by 15 % in comparison with 2013 . Forbes reports that "  Nine films have topped $ 200 million on domestic charts so far this year , only seven of which were summer releases . "  With four months left in the year , if 2014 plays out about even with the last two years , then we should see a final domestic tally that 's down by between $ 200-300 million , or around perhaps a 2-3 % decline from last year 's box office , " Mark Hughes writes for Forbes . "  Notice , that number looks much less severe than the 25 % figure for the summer , but then again that would also assume the next several months compare positively to the same period in 2013 and 2012 . " "  Guardians , " which stars Chris Pratt and Zoe Saldana , takes the top of the box office title from "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " which was released in April .	"  Guardians of the Galaxy " is top grosser of 2014 It beat out "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " Summer ticket sales down 15 % from last year
Skiing Magazine  -- Picture this : You 're charging down a course at 80 mph . The world whips by you in a blur . You catch an edge , smack into a gate and somersault into the safety nets , cracking your neck and shredding a knee . Season ? Done . Olympic dreams ? Over . Career ? Definitely on hold , possibly kaput . That 's what happened in December to TJ Lanning , one of the U.S. Ski Team 's top racers , during a downhill race at Canada 's Lake Louise . He 's one of many international Alpine competitors sidelined this winter because of season-ending injuries . Other casualties include 2009 downhill champ Canadian John Kucera and French slalom star Jean-Baptiste Grange . Addressing the rash of early-season injuries , Aksel Lund Svindval , the 2009 men 's overall World Cup winner , posted the following on his blog in December : "  In two weeks of intense World Cup racing in North America , racers have sustained the following ... 7 torn ACLS , 4 knee ligaments , 1 broken arm , 1 broken leg , 1 broken neck , 1 concussion , 1 dislocated knee , 1 dislocated shoulder . . is this OK ? " Sure , ski racing has always been a dangerous sport , but with ever-evolving gear and technologies creating faster and faster competitors , the incidence of injuries has spiked . Skiing Magazine : Jamaica 's Olympic skier , ready for glory The International Ski Federation  known as FIS  , the World Cup governing body , launched the "  Injury Surveillance System " in 2006 to track facts and figures on injury patterns across all disciplines : Nordic , freestyle and Alpine . Among Alpine racers , knee injuries are the most common affliction . As a part of this initiative , in December FIS convened a panel of six top Alpine competitors , including Didier Cuche , Scott Macartney , and Svindal , to drill down on how to make racing safer . They cited course preparation , improved take-off points for jumps , flat landings and medical procedures as top concerns . Skiing Magazine : French Olympic uniforms : Really pink The athletes also made a plea for redesigned gates , ones that would rip off more easily upon impact . In Lanning 's accident , they say this would have significantly reduced his injuries and their severity . While competitors want to increase safety , they 're also aware that it 's the danger , blood and guts of their sport that turn fans on , and athletes are wary of ratcheting down the visceral appeal . When it comes to modifying race procedures , FIS is adamant about using systematic data collection and scientific analysis to make informed decisions . In January , FIS rolled out a new , three-year scientific study to analyze Alpine racing safety and to make recommendations on how to decrease the number of injuries . The first phase will collect information through interviews with athletes , coaches and equipment providers , among other experts , to gather suggestions for short-term prevention solutions . Subsequent stages will focus on prevention strategies and rule changes . However , some modifications were deemed urgent enough to institute immediately : smaller jumps and new gates with flags that rip way upon contact . FIS works closely with the Vancouver Organizing Committee to design the Alpine courses at the Olympics , but ultimately , it 's VANOC that sets them -- save the downhill , which FIS still oversees ; it 's an old , complicated tradition . With fog rising from Whistler Mountain during the downhill training runs , making visibility next to none , officials were scrambling to re-design the race gates in an effort to make them more visible , switching the flag color from green to red . With this last-minute change , officials on the ground were n't sure if the new , FIS-sanctioned gates would be in place during the Winter Games . Skiing Magazine : The Lindsey Vonn workout © 2010 Skiing Magazine . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	TJ Lanning among those sidelined by injuries after skiing accidents Number of injuries increases as technology improvements allow for higher speeds Panel has convened to make racing safer for the athletes It 's looking at course preparation , take-off points , redesigned gates and medical procedures
CNN  -- Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic have expressed their concern for the future of Rafael Nadal after their great tennis rival pulled out of this month 's U.S. Open due to his ongoing knee problems . The Spaniard withdrew from the season 's final grand slam event on Wednesday , when Federer began his preparations at the Cincinnati Masters with a 6-3 6-2 win over Russia 's Alex Bogomolov Jr. . "  I wrote him and he told me it was n't looking good at all . I kind of knew , " world No. 1 Federer told reporters after setting up a third-round clash with Australian rising star Bernard Tomic . "  But obviously when it 's official it 's disappointing for tennis , there 's no doubt about it . I would love to have him in the draw . In particular 12 days before the Open you figure he might still have time to fix what he has to fix to get ready . "  That 's what is sort of scary . There is obviously the whole debate going on if he is going come back for this year . I hope he will . He 's definitely got some more weeks off now because of it . I hope in hindsight this is a very smart decision by him . But it 's obviously a big blow and disappointing news for the tennis world . " Former No. 1 Nadal won a record seventh French Open title in June after his customary busy clay season , but lost in the second round at Wimbledon and was unable to defend his Olympic singles title at London 2012 . "  Tennis is going to lose a little bit because of Rafa not being there and playing , because he 's somebody that has made a history of this sport , " said U.S. Open champion Djokovic , who began his Cincinnati campaign with a hard-fought 7-6  7-4  6-2 win over Andreas Seppi of Italy , having retained his Toronto Masters title on Sunday . "  We all know how good he is and how popular he is . Obviously it 's that serious that it takes him out from the tour for the last couple of months . I 'm sure that if he was able to perform in the U.S . Open he would come . " Nadal and Djokovic had contested four successive grand slam finals , a run that was broken at Wimbledon when Federer beat Andy Murray to join Pete Sampras on seven titles at the grass major and reclaim the top ranking from the Serb . Djokovic , last year 's Cincinnati runner-up , is seeking to improve his form in his next match against Russian veteran Nikolay Davydenko . "  Really just trying to put another ball more in the court than my opponent was enough to win , " he said . "  I 'm obviously not very satisfied with the performance . I will have to play much better than I did in order to go far . " Murray , who succeeded Nadal as the men 's Olympic champion after a revenge win over Federer at Wimbledon this month , also paid tribute to a player he has faced in five grand slam semifinals and two quarterfinals . "  I like Rafa a lot as a friend . I 'm disappointed for him , " said the world No. 4 , who beat American Sam Querrey 6-2 6-4 in his Cincinnati title defense opener , having pulled out in Toronto after his first match due to a knee worry of his own . "  It 's obviously tough for him . He 's had trouble with his knees in the past . So , you know , I hope he can rest , does n't come back too early , and gets them fixed so he can get back to playing his best tennis . " The 25-year-old will be hoping for a good run in Cincinnati before continuing his quest for a first grand slam title at Flushing Meadows . "  In the immediate aftermath of big wins or good tournaments , normally you 'll feel quite confident and comfortable going for your shots in the important moments and even at the beginning of matches , " he said after setting up a third-round clash with France 's Jeremy Chardy , who beat Denis Istomin of Uzbekistan 6-4 6-3 . "  I 'm hoping it helps me not only this week but going into the U.S. Open and big matches in the future . I think it will give me that extra bit of confidence and probably feel a bit calmer going into them . " Fifth seed Tomas Berdych will play 2011 Rookie of the Year Milos Raonic following a straight-forward 6-3 6-0 win over Chinese Taipei 's Yen-Hsun Lu . Canada 's Raonic advanced courtesy of a battling 6-7  6-8  6-3 6-4 defeat of world No. 42 Marcos Baghdatis . In the women 's tournament , Venus Williams joined sister Serena in the last 16 after coming from behind to beat South Africa 's Chanelle Scheepers 2-6 6-3 6-2 . Williams will next face French Open finalist Sara Errani of Italy , who she thrashed in straight sets at the Olympics . Fourth seed Petra Kvitova , who had a first-round bye after winning her first title this year in Montreal on Monday , defeated Germany 's Mona Barthel to earn a clash with China 's Peng Shuai . Montreal runner-up Li Na joined the Czech in round three , where the Chinese ninth sed will play Swedish qualifier Johanna Larsson , while Polish top seed Agnieszka Radwanska and former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki also progressed .	Roger Federer says Rafael Nadal 's absence from the U.S. Open is a "  blow " World No. 3 Nadal pulled out of the event on Wednesday with a knee injury Five-time grand slam winner Novak Djokovic battles past Italy 's Andreas Seppi Newly-crowned Olympic champion Andy Murray also earns a second-round win
CNN  -- Several years ago , Martha and Dennis Disberger and their three kids found themselves running desperately through a busy airport . "  Mom , are we late ? " asks one of the children . "  I have no idea , just keep running , " says Martha . "  But do n't lose Dad , because I have no idea what our connecting flight is ! " That family story pretty much sums up the Disbergers of Morton , Illinois , who arguably rank among America 's most traveling families . Over the past two decades , the Disbergers have turned the airline getaway into an art form . The three children have virtually grown up as international travelers . Joel was 5 when the family started its flying lifestyle ; Kara was a year old and Monica was n't even born yet . Seriously , how many toddlers have their own frequent flier accounts ? While perfecting their travel techniques , -LSB- tips below -RSB- all this globetrotting has opened their minds , widened their experience and bonded them as a family . Their intangible treasure : a lifetime 's worth of indestructible family memories -- like the time they met an Irish "  leprechaun , " or when one of them got lost in China , or that weekend trip to Australia . Unimpressed ? Maybe we should start with some eye-opening stats : -- Since 1990 , the Disbergers have journeyed on 243 family trips , including an estimated 850 flight segments for each family member -- traveling more than 7.5 million miles total , according to United Airlines . That averages out to about 11 family trips per year over two decades . -- Their destinations have been as far-flung as Moscow , Dubai , Sydney and Bangkok . -- Here 's a fun fact : In two months , they flew through Japan 's Narita airport on six different days . This is a family who "  has grown up and together on our flights , " says United Airlines ' Joe Micucci . "  Some people have a cottage or lake house as a second home , the Disbergers have the world . " 30 hours in Australia If anybody 's to blame for all this it 's Dennis Disberger . "  It all started with a simple ad that showed some promotional deals , " he explained . A $ 238 ticket offered triple miles on a particular route . "  Boom ! We were on the plane -- and we had such a priceless experience we said , ` wow let 's do that again . ' " So they did . Again . And again and again -- using their miles for passenger upgrades and to book free trips for extended family members . As the Disbergers racked up frequent flier miles , they were collecting airline ticket stubs for destinations in Asia , the Middle East and Europe . In Ireland , at a stoplight between Dublin and the Ring of Kerry , "  this guy comes to my side of the car banging on the window , " Martha remembers . "  In a way , he reminded us of a little leprechaun , saying , ` are ya goin ' to Killarney ? Oh follow me I 'll show you how to get there . ' " Hopping into a car ahead , "  he was so excited and funny . As we followed him we were trying to figure out his angle . " Faith and begorrah ! It turns out the leprechaun 's sister owns a bed and breakfast ! "  Guess where we stayed that night ? " The Disbergers have even popped across the Pacific to enjoy a weekend in Australia . That 's right , 30 hours on the ground in Sydney sandwiched between 50 hours of total flight time . "  We walked around Sydney and we actually did see plenty of stuff , " says Monica , who is turning 20 this year . "  I felt like I got a fairly good feel of the city , just in that weekend trip . So it did n't feel like a waste . I still enjoyed myself . " The secret to fun family travel , say the Disbergers , is making the best of time at airports and in the air . Monica says , "  We 've played Hearts all around the world . " Monica 's misadventure in Beijing when she was 10 is another family travel story . She got separated from her parents briefly in one of the city 's giant , crowded public squares . Eventually Dennis and Martha found her safe nearby -- with a Chinese family who had become fascinated with her long , blond hair and were busy snapping photos of her . ` You just budget ' By now , you may be wondering how a middle-class family affords this jet-setter lifestyle . "  This is something that 's within the means of a lot of folks , " says Dennis , a manager at a company that makes construction and mining equipment . "  You just budget . " Martha 's job as a registered nurse offers her a schedule that 's flexible for travel . This frugal family watches its spending . They avoid pricey things like new cars . When possible , they keep their travel plans flexible . When their flight is overbooked , they sometimes volunteer to give up their seats in exchange for freebies . Martha offers this bit of advice : "  Excedrin and deep breathing work . Wine helps . No -- I 'm teasing . " Monica has another tip for Americans traveling in groups : If your companions start embarrassing you , pretend to be Canadian or Australian . "  Our family can be pretty loud , " says Monica . "  We do n't want America to look bad . " But seriously , here are a few more tips courtesy of the Disbergers : -- Plan for the worst , says Dennis . Have contingencies for missed connections . Then when something happens , execute your options . -- If you need to book new flights after missed connections , do n't wait in line for an airline counter representative . Use the airline customer phone service . -- Always keep your keys and cell phone and charger with you . Do n't pack them in your luggage . You might lose them . Disberger tips for traveling with toddlers : -- During flights , air pressure changes can turn kids crabby . Solution : give them lollipops . Toddlers will stay focused on the pops instead of the uncomfortable shifts in air pressure . -- Introduce your toddlers to the flight attendants . -- Give toddlers something to look forward to . The Disbergers gave their toddlers gifts when their flights reached the ocean . These "  over-the-water " gifts have become a beloved Disberger tradition that extended from the kids ' childhood into adulthood . Traveling with teens : -- Let them be in charge of some of the decisions , including where to go next , what to do or where to eat , says Dennis . Give them time to enjoy themselves with their iPods or a book . Dennis says he would pay his traveling teens from $ 2 - $ 5 per each 500 miles to ride in coach . It allowed mom and dad the luxury of first class . It also offered their teens some time alone , while giving them a chance to earn a little money . Saving on hotel rooms : -- Cash in hard on hotel promotions . The Disbergers are loyal customers of Hyatt and Hilton . One promotion offers a free room after checking in two times . "  Stay at hotels in business locations on the weekend when occupancy levels are really low -- and the price is commensurately low , " says Dennis . Add an AAA discount and then move to another Hyatt Place for night No. 2 . After a couple of weekend trips "  you 've just earned a couple of free nights in the Park Hyatt Paris . " When Hyatt 's not available , "  We do the same thing with Hilton . " -- In some markets , a second set of rooms for the kids can be inexpensive . "  When the kids were younger , we used the Hyatt ` family plan ' set of connecting rooms , " says Disberger . "  Then when we check in we offer to let the hotel take back both rooms for a suite upgrade . " Families change and the Disbergers are no exception . As the children move into their 20s , Dennis says they 're still as interested as ever in traveling as a family , although college schedules have made travel planning more complicated . And now that Joel has a career of his own as an oil industry field engineer , Dennis says he 'll expect "  more participation financially " from him and his sisters as they advance into their working lives . But hey , thanks to their airborne childhoods , the younger Disbergers already are million-milers getting double miles with lifetime gold airline status . Do you come from a traveling family ? Share your tips for international travel with kids below .	The Disberger family of Morton , Illinois , has flown 7.5 million miles since 1990 Five-member tribe offers tips on how they pulled off 243 family trips Travel has opened their minds , widened their experience and bonded them
A judge has scheduled a new hearing for a U.S. Marine and Afghanistan war veteran who 's been held in a Mexican prison for nearly two months , a judicial source said . Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi 's next day in court is scheduled for June 4 , a Mexican government judicial source told CNN . The judge started and then quickly suspended a hearing Wednesday after Tahmooressi fired his attorneys , the source said . But the Marine 's mother , Jill Tahmooressi , said the next hearing is still weeks away as it will take time for the new attorney to be briefed . Sgt. Tahmooressi is accused of illegally entering Mexico with three weapons . His family maintains that he legally owned the weapons and accidentally crossed the border . It is illegal to bring guns into Mexico . Jill Tahmooressi told CNN Wednesday that her son had made an innocent mistake . "  He is relieved that he 'll be able to go before the judge and explain precisely how he made that accidental wrong turn and ended up in the dilemma that he 's in right now , " she said . The case has draw attention from several U.S. lawmakers and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who told CNN Wednesday that he spoke with Mexican authorities about it last week . "  We are working on determining whether or not certain evidence that has been presented is meeting the standard that 's necessary to be able to hold that young Marine , and we 're trying to find out exactly what the fact pattern is , but we are working on that , " he told Chris Cuomo on CNN 's "  New Day . " 911 call : ' I crossed the border by accident ' "  I 'm at the border of Mexico right now . And my problem is , I , I crossed the border by accident and I have three guns in my truck and they 're trying to take my guns from me , " the Marine told a 911 dispatcher in March . In a recording of the call released by U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , the Marine appears unsure of whether he crossed the border and exasperated that Mexican authorities are trying to take his weapons . "  There 's nothing I can help you with then , sir , " the 911 dispatcher says after learning he 's in Mexico . "  I do apologize . You 're not on American soil anymore . " Tahmooressi asks if authorities have a right to take his guns . The dispatcher tells him he should have seen large warning signs on the freeway saying it 's illegal to enter Mexico with guns . "  There are warning signs that do say that as you 're driving down the freeway , before you enter Mexico , " she says . "  Yeah , I was hoping there would be a turnaround point , " he says , "  but there never was . " Mom : Marine had been preparing to start fresh The Marine 's mom said he accidentally crossed into Mexico with three personal firearms -- all bought legally in the U.S. . The 25-year-old had intended to drive to meet friends in San Ysidro , California , on March 31 . He was moving from Florida to California in the hope of getting a job and continuing treatment he had just begun for post traumatic stress related to his two combat tours , she said . With all his possessions in his truck , Tahmooressi accidentally drove across the border , she said . When he realized his mistake , his mother said , he dialed 911 and asked the operator to help him . No help came , Jill Tahmooressi said . Her son first encountered Mexican customs agents , she said , and he believed they understood that he 'd made an innocent error . They seemed to be getting an escort car to help him , she said . But officers with the Mexican military interfered , she told "  New Day , " and her son was arrested . Now he 's in isolation -- being held away from the general population in a Mexican federal prison -- and is constantly watched by a guard , she said . Letter to lawmakers The Marine has tried to appeal to U.S. lawmakers . "  I accidentally drove into Mexico with 3 guns ... a rifle  AR-15  , a .45 cal pistol and a 12 gauge pump shotgun with no intensions  sic  on being in Mexico or being involved in any criminal activities , " Andrew Tahmooressi wrote in a statement of innocence to Hunter , who sits on the House Armed Services Committee . "  I have rights to all 3 weapons , " he wrote . "  They are under my name . ... Please help me . " Hunter is among several lawmakers who have petitioned for Tahmooressi 's release . "  Mexico 's Attorney General is in a position to deal with Andrew 's case and ensure its quick resolution . ... It is necessary that the AG intervene and expedite proceedings at the very least . And so far there 's been no validation from Mexico that Andrew did n't make a directional mistake at the border , " Hunter said in a statement this month .	Marine 's mother : The next hearing for Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi is still weeks away A Mexican judicial source said Tahmooressi 's next hearing will be June 4 The Marine said he accidentally crossed the border to Mexico on March 31 He had three guns and was arrested by Mexican officials
CNN  -- The bodies of two ATV enthusiasts missing since Sunday in California 's Mojave Desert were found Thursday after a massive search , authorities said . Kern County , California , sheriff 's Lt. Steve Hansen said the bodies of Daniel Preddy Carbonaro , 27 , and Chris Wayne Rice , 29 , were found and the search was ended . He had no additional details . Carbonaro and Rice , both of Santa Barbara , California , had traveled to a remote corner of the desert with their girlfriends , hoping to test out Rice 's new 2011 Polaris ATV , family members said . The area is popular with "  off-roaders , " campers and recreational enthusiasts . "  I am so sad to report it is official , Dan and Chris were found deceased , " said the search 's Facebook page , "  Friends of the Chris Rice and Dan Carbonaro search . " A memorial fund was set up on the site . The two young men left a Randsburg , California , hotel about 2:30 a.m. Sunday , telling their girlfriends where they were headed and saying they 'd be back within a few hours . The two planned to travel by ATV about 15 miles to the Cuddeback Dry Lake Bed in San Bernardino County , an expansive and popular "  off-roading " area . It was a "  dark , moonless night , " said Carbonaro 's father , Robert Carbonaro , who worried as the search was under way that the two "  may have gotten disoriented . " Carbonaro said he was worried about abandoned gold mine shafts in the area . But Kern County authorities said the bodies were found in a ravine area with rugged , steep terrain . Agencies participating in the search for the two men included the Kern County Sheriff 's Office ; the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department ; the California Highway Patrol ; the Bureau of Land Management ; and the Indian Wells Mine Rescue Team . Relatives of the two men were out searching alongside authorities as well , Robert Carbonaro said .	NEW : The two men are found dead Thursday They had been missing since Sunday The two planned to ride ATV in the Mojave Desert
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Berlin , Germany , mixes the old and the new , the west and the east with creativity and culture . Once the center of attention for a worldwide controversy  remember the Berlin Wall ?  , it 's now an increasingly popular European destination . The city is made up of 23 distinct , character-filled districts and is home to the Reichstag , the Berliner Dome and the Brandenburg Gate . But it 's the areas outside the typical tourist locations that offer the real flavor of the capital . CNN International reporter Frederik Pleitgen has lived in Berlin since 2000 . He shares his favorite city spots in this CNN Insider Trip Tips : What 's the biggest misconception about your city ? That it must be a really expensive place . In fact , there are very few cities that offer more quality of life for very little money . How do tourists stick out , and what 's the best way to blend in ? Grungy clothes usually help to blend in . Looking too smart is usually a mistake . Dress down to blend in . Which restaurant would you take your loved one to for an anniversary or other special occasion ? Hartmanns in downtown Kreuzberg has lovely food at affordable prices and a lovely atmosphere . Where do you go to relax ? Café am Neuen See , a beer garden in the Tiergarten  Berlin 's Central Park  with a lovely lake in the middle . If you want to work out after having a cold beer , you can rent a rowboat . Travel Snapshots : Berlin Where is the best place to people-watch ? The cafes in Prenzlauer Berg near the Kollwitzplatz are wonderful places to watch people in the summer . Where can you get the best view of the city ? The top of the broadcast tower in central Berlin offers a beautiful view of the city , but the Dome in the Reichstag is also wonderful . What is your favorite neighborhood ? Why ? My favorite neighborhood is Charlottenburg around the Kurfuerstendamm because it offers big city flair and yet is laid-back and easygoing . What essential thing should visitors see/experience if they only have a few hours ? Walk through the Brandenburg Gate ! What 's the biggest tourist trap ? Is there a "  tourist trap " that 's actually worth seeing ? The tourist trap worth seeing is the Reichstag , which always has really long lines to queue up , but inside you can see the entire history of Europe in the 20th century . From graffiti the Russian soldiers left when they moved into Berlin at the end of World War II to the great modern architecture of the unified Germany that was built into the shell of the old Reichstag . Where 's your favorite place to spend a night out on the town ? Panorama , located in Berghain , is one of the coolest clubs in the world . Are there local specialty dishes or drinks that visitors must try ? Currywurst from the restaurant Curry 36 -- though that is not everybody 's thing . Currywurst is a Berlin dish with a massive cut-up sausage that has ketchup and curry sauce poured over it . You should eat it with fries with ketchup and mayo and a beer .	CNN International reporter Frederik Pleitgen offers his favorite city spots All visitors should walk through the Brandenburg Gate , he says He says Panorama , in Berghain , is "  one of the coolest clubs in the world "
CNN  -- It may be the next best thing to owning a piece of the moon . A cloth American flag that was taken to the moon 's surface was one of more than 500 aviation and space exploration artifacts sold into private hands at auction this week . "  To be honest with you , there 's only 12 men who walked on the moon out of 105 billion people who have walked on this earth since humankind started walking upright , " Larry McGlynn , the newest owner of the American flag told CNN on Friday . "  These are incredibly rare items . " The 2.5 inch-by-1 .75 inch commemorative American flag framed with an Apollo 15 uniform patchâ $ " which also went to the moonâ $ " was sold to McGlynn for $ 27,741.35 , according to Bobby Livingston , executive vice president of New Hampshire-based RR Auction . But the biggest seller was a complete Apollo 15 rotational hand controller used by Commander David Scott to fly and land his lunar module on the surface of the moon in 1971 . The joystick-like device was purchased by an anonymous European client for $ 610,063 , Livingston said . "  It 's a very important hand controller . It was the most used of all the missions , " Livingston said , adding that Scott had to manually land with the joystick because he was off-course during his descent onto the moon . A crewman optical alignment sight , which is similar to a periscope for space , sold for over $ 126,000 , he said . All three items came from Scott 's personal collection . "  These items represent the pinnacle of Apollo-era flown material , " said Richard Jurek , co-author of "  Marketing the Moon : The Selling of the Apollo Lunar Program . " He added , "  While risking their lives during the most critical and historic phases of their mission -- these are the items that the astronauts personally selected to retain as mementos from arguably the greatest technological and engineering achievement of the 20th century . " The market is hot for space items , especially lunar-surface artifacts and prices are continually going up , Livingston said . The weeklong auction was RR Auction 's seventh NASA-themed sale . Seventy items from Apollo 11 -- the first manned mission to land on the moon -- also were offered , including pieces from the personal collections of Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins . Many of the collectors , including McGlynn , grew up watching America 's space program , and feel a personal connection to the pieces . "  I actually saw an American flag like the one I bought at a geology professor 's house years ago , " McGlynn said . Though he did not want to identify the professor , he said that the flag was a gift from an astronaut who was advised by the professor . "  These astronauts resonate . People love the heroism and the sophistication , " Livingston said . "  You have to remember , everyone from Galileo to Einstein to Neil Armstrong looked up to the moon , wanting to figure out how to get there -- and these astronauts were able to get up there and come back down . "	A joystick used by Apollo 15 commander to land on the moon sold for over $ 600,000 It was among hundreds of aviation and space exploration artifacts sold at auction this week Many items touched the surface of the moon during multiple Apollo missions
CNN  -- Change is never pretty . And the change that results when 50 states step in to take on a job Washington has tried and failed to do can be especially messy . This is what 's happening -- with a vengeance -- on immigration . In the past five years , there has been a virtual revolution in immigration lawmaking . And the result is not just chaos -- it 's a lot of bad policy . States from Arizona to Virginia have enacted laws cracking down on illegal immigration . Some go after the immigrants ; some target the businesses that hire them . Some rely on local police to do the job ; others require that employers use the federal E-Verify system to check the immigration status of employees . Many of these statutes have been challenged in court , and the decisions that have been handed down are all over the map . The most controversial provisions of Arizona 's 2010 immigration law , Senate Bill 1070 , were put on hold by a federal judge before they could go into effect , and in April the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld that ruling . But when Alabama 's similar law , passed in June , came before a federal judge , she came to exactly the opposite conclusion , upholding sections almost identical to those blocked by the 9th Circuit . And on Friday , the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals took yet a third view , blocking some provisions of the Alabama law but upholding others -- including the section that permits local police to ask about the immigration status of people they stop for other reasons . An immigration reform advocate who went to sleep five years ago when Congress last tried and failed to pass immigration reform would n't recognize the landscape today . The notion that immigration policy is a federal responsibility -- once widely accepted by both parties -- has been shattered , probably forever . Far from finding state immigration laws unconstitutional -- as many legal experts once insisted -- the Supreme Court 's May ruling in the Whiting v. U.S. Chamber of Commerce case endorsed the principle that states can and should play a significant role in controlling illegal immigration . And policies once unthinkable to many are now commonplace . A full one-third of the states now require some or all employers to use the federal E-Verify system to check the immigration status of new hires . Four states have enacted measures modeled on Arizona 's controversial policing law . Of course , it 's understandable that states are stepping in to grapple with immigration : The system is dysfunctional , and voters want something done . The problem is that most state lawmakers respond to this clamor by intensifying state enforcement . But critical as enforcement is , enforcement alone wo n't solve the problem . To do that , lawmakers need to combine enforcement with fixes to the legal immigration system -- providing enough visas for immigrants who contribute to the economy , create jobs and keep our cities vital while also protecting U.S. workers . And these kinds of fixes are much harder for states to make . So instead , most simply crack down harder on the broken system . Consider what happened this year in Alabama , the state with the nation 's toughest immigration law . The new measure touches nearly every aspect of life in Alabama : hiring , firing , policing , the criminal justice system , state contracts , schools and religion -- the aim being to make every aspect of life harsher and less hospitable for illegal immigrants.The two recent court decisions on the law are not the last word -- there will be many appeals . And in the meantime , chaos reigns across Alabama . Local law enforcement officials are at a loss , unsure who they should asking for immigration papers or where to house those they arrest -- most jails in Alabama are already full . Immigrants are fleeing the state in droves -- illegal immigrants but also legal residents who have unauthorized relatives and are afraid to lead police to their doors . Five percent of Hispanic children have stopped attending school . Employers -- particularly farmers -- are complaining desperately about labor shortages . And fruit and vegetables are rotting in fields across the state . Is there a silver lining ? At first blush , it 's hard to see one . But sometimes things have to get worse before they get better . Voters are n't blind . Most support tough immigration enforcement , but they can also see the crops rotting not just in Alabama but also in Georgia , Arizona and other states . Employers and business groups once hesitant to get involved in the debate are coming out of the woodwork to complain about worker shortages . And in a few states , this has led to productive dialogue , even , occasionally , a breakthrough . In a handful of states , the two parties have put their heads together and considered options for solving the problem . In other places , lawmakers have listened to employers when they explained the damage harsh enforcement would do to the economy . This ferment bore fruit in several states this year . In Arizona , Indiana , Kansas , Tennessee and Texas , legislators stopped short of passing the most draconian measures on the table . And in Utah , politicians , business leaders , law enforcement and faith groups came together to enact legislation that went beyond enforcement only -- trying to create a system that works , at least in Utah . The most important part of the Utah solution is a state guest-worker program . Exactly how it will function is controversial -- Utah 's answer involves unauthorized workers already in the state and others waiting in Mexico for legal visas . But the underlying principle is only common sense : replacing illegal immigrants with a legal foreign work force that employers can turn to when they ca n't find enough willing and able American workers . Justice Louis Brandeis called the states the "  laboratories " of democracy . A lot of what 's going on in those laboratories today is disastrous . Certainly , in Alabama , the results look more like a train wreck than science . But maybe even that offers some reason for hope . After all , even Congress can stand by only so long . At some point , surely , Washington will have to impose order on the chaos spreading in the states . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tamar Jacoby .	Tamar Jacoby : States grappling with immigration by making own laws have made bad policy She says feds failed at immigration reform , now states just focus on enforcement She says more visas for good workers needed as well as ways to protect U.S. workers Jacoby : Silver lining to bad laws is that they clarify need , can help start dialogue about reality
He revered friendship ; he loved food , and Israel , and gay people , and he adored New York City . He also loved himself . When Edward Irving Koch died early Friday morning in a New York hospital at age 88 , it had been almost a quarter of a century since he had left office . But he never faded away . He stayed relevant until his last breath , and he had kept the ear of every important Democrat , from Barack Obama to the lowliest city councilman . As much as his hero , Fiorello LaGuardia -- and more than any other politician -- he embodied New York City in the 20th century . Eighteen months ago , after he supported a Republican in a special election for Congress to express his unhappiness over Obama 's position on Israel , the president summoned him to a meeting -- and Koch responded by immediately endorsing the president for re-election after they had met . I first met Koch in 1977 when I was a young political reporter for The New York Times , and I covered him for two years after he went to City Hall in 1978 . A couple of years later , I wrote a negative review of a biography that was critical of him , and that cemented our friendship . This led to many meals at Gracie Mansion and at my apartment . When he took office , the city was a violent place , teetering on the edge of bankruptcy , and he and New York Gov. Hugh Carey did more than anyone else to revive it . "  In terms of beating the drums and keeping people awake and having people hope that the city would make it , no one was more important , " Felix Rohatyn told me . Rohatyn is the investment banker who played a crucial role in fashioning the solutions that brought the city back from the brink . . Koch liked to say , "  I 'm just a simple Jewish boy from the Bronx , " and he never forgot where he came from . As a teenager Koch worked as a waiter , and the first time he came to dinner at my apartment , he was shocked when he saw how much I was cutting off the strawberries I was serving him for dessert . "  You 're wasting a lot ! " he said . Unlike so many other politicians who never discussed sexual orientation in public , Koch had the longest and strongest pro-gay rights record of any public official of his generation , dating all the way back to 1962 , when he first called for the repeal of the New York state law prohibiting sodomy . Almost his first official action as mayor was to sign an executive order banning discrimination against gay employees of New York City , an act that dismayed almost every reporter who was covering him , except me . Tweeters loved Koch 's ` New York-iness ' When the AIDS crisis struck at the beginning of his second term , he reacted much too slowly , and he told me he regretted that for the rest of his life . But I never saw any evidence that his failure to act was because he was uncomfortable with homosexuality . When Larry Kramer founded ACT UP and accused Koch of killing most of his friends , the mayor wanted to meet with him , but he was dissuaded by his staff from doing so . "  I wish I had n't listened to my staff , " Koch told me many years later . Although he had never managed anything larger than a congressman 's office when he became mayor , he turned out to be a superb manager . At the beginning of his administration , he ignored the recommendation of his search committee and picked Robert McGuire , a former federal prosecutor , to be his first police commissioner . It was an inspired choice , and McGuire did a brilliant job , but first he had to convince Koch he was up to the challenge . "  We had a great interview , " McGuire recalled . "  And he called me that night and said , I really want to give you the job , but you 've never managed anything . " McGuire replied , "  Ed , you worry about me running the police department . You 're going to be running the city of New York and you do n't have a clue of what you 're going to be doing ! " "  I never thought of it that way , " Koch replied , and then he gave McGuire the job . "  We never had a disagreement in six years , " said McGuire . "  As a human being he was a great boss . You have to trust a guy , and you have to let them do their job . Then you have to back them up when they get into deep water , and Ed did all that . And whenever I told Koch that someone had asked me for a political favor , he said , ` Tell them to forget it ! ' " One afternoon , many years after he had left City Hall and long after I was reporting on him , I received a frantic phone call from a family friend . Her son had been scheduled to drive her to the airport that morning , and he had n't shown up . "  I 'm sure he 's in his apartment , but the police wo n't break down his door , " she said . I hung up and called Koch to explain the situation . He immediately called the office of William Bratton , who was then the police commissioner . Twenty minutes later , the police broke into the apartment of my friend 's son , and discovered he had overdosed on heroine . He was in a coma for a week , but then he had a full recovery . Koch never asked for any thanks . Most of the time Koch was a natural dealing with the press . When I was writing a profile of Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau for the Times , I went to City Hall to interview Koch about him , because they had been close political allies for many years . "  People say Morgenthau is a great friend but a terrible enemy , " I said to the mayor . "  So am I , " said Koch . "  And I 've given you your kicker ! " -- meaning the last sentence of my story . And so he had .	Charles Kaiser : Ed Koch , who died Friday , had n't been NYC mayor in years ; was still a force He says Koch embodied NYC in the 20th century , pulled it back from the brink of collapse He says Koch had a long , strong record on gay rights , was a good manager , a selfless friend Kaiser : Koch stayed relevant ; had the ear of every important Democrat , including Obama
CNN  -- When two small caskets gradually descend into the ground Thursday in Atlanta , it may begin to sink into their father 's head that his children are gone . It has n't so far . As Mark Edge has cried over them , he has felt their presence at his side . Police recovered their bodies in a Santa Ana , California , hotel room nearly two weeks ago . Their mother poisoned them , authorities allege . Jaelen was 13 , Faith was 10 . A custody battle that raged around them for years had just been settled . Edge was supposed to be packing up their books and pencils back in Cobb County , Georgia , making their breakfast , and getting them off to school about now . Earlier this month , a Georgia court ordered his ex-wife Marilyn Edge to hand them over to him . But it seems she was n't going to let him have them . Mark Edge 's lawyer Marian Weeks had a feeling his ex would split town by how she behaved when the custody ruling came down . When the judge awarded custody of the children to the father in early September , their mother made an abrupt exit , Weeks told CNN affiliate WSB . "  When Judge Leonard was giving his order on Wednesday afternoon , she got up and left the courtroom in the middle of it , " she said . Weeks told her client that she thought Marilyn Edge might flee to California , where she used to live . It was n't the first time She had bolted with them before , Mark Edge said . After her children 's father received visitation rights a year ago , Marilyn Edge ran away with them to her native Arizona . "  But neither of us thought she 'd kill the children , " Weeks said . Police arrested Marilyn Edge not far from the hotel where Jaelen and Faith 's lifeless bodies lay . She had rammed her car into poles protecting an electrical box in a Home Depot parking lot . Police think she was trying to kill herself . Orange County has charged her with two felony counts of special circumstance murder . The special circumstances being multiple murders and murder by poisoning . She could spend the rest of her life in a state prison without parole if a court convicts her . Marilyn Edge is scheduled to enter a plea to the charges in a Santa Ana court on October 25 . Indescribable pain She had often used their children to hurt him , Mark Edge alleges . But finally they were going to live under his roof , and he was excited about that . "  I started doing all the preparations that I needed for my kids as far as trying to get them in school , " he said . "  My mind was just on them . " Then the police appeared at his door . The news hurled him into a dark place . "  It hurt me so bad ; I had a feeling that I never felt before . It was the total opposite of what I felt when they were born , " he said . The pain was immense . He could n't describe it in words . Edge checked himself into the Veteran 's Administration hospital , his lawyer said . Facing his wife Edge is still holding fast to his deceased son and daughter . He is together with them in God 's hand , he says . And he is still doing things for them , imagines their future stretched out before him . He pictures his son going to his school prom . "  I do n't see them as not being here with me right now . I see my children still here with me . When I sleep , I dream of my son , and I dream of my daughter . " Edge says he is strapped for cash . The Willie Watkins funeral home is taking donations to help pay for his children 's funeral . And he is trying to raise funds on gofundme.com to pay for a trip to California , he told WSB . There , he may have to face his former wife again , at her murder trial . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	As he watches their burials , it may slowly sink in to Mark Edge that his children are dead Authorities allege that their mother poisoned them A court had just awarded their father custody , but their mother fled with them to California Police her in a parking lot , where they say she tried to kill herself
CNN  -- In a controversial essay published on his website Sunday , popular British graffiti artist Banksy criticized the design of One World Trade Center , referring to the building as a "  shyscraper " and a "  betrayal . " The famously anonymous British street artist describes the building , which will be completed in 2014 , as "  vanilla " and "  something they would build in Canada . " He added , "  It looks like it never wanted to be built in the first place . " According to The New York Times , Banksy submitted the op-ed -- entitled "  The biggest eyesore in New York is not the graffiti , argues Banksy , it 's under construction at ground zero " -- and artwork , but the paper declined to publish it . "  We could n't agree on either the piece or the art , so it was rejected , " Eileen Murphy , a spokeswoman for The New York Times , told CNN . Instead , Banksy published the scathing piece on his blog , which he has been using to unveil new works of art around New York from his monthlong series "  Better Out Than In . " "  Today 's piece was going to be an op-ed column in the New York Times . But they declined to publish what I supplied , " Banksy wrote on his site . Instead he took his familiar graffiti medium , stenciling , "  This site contains blocked messages , " on a wall in the Greenpoint neighborhood of Brooklyn . In his essay , Banksy writes the tower is a construction sign that says New York has lost its nerve . "  It would be easy to view One World Trade Centre as a betrayal of everyone who lost their lives on September 11th , because it so clearly proclaims the terrorists won , " he wrote . New Yorkers who were directly affected by the attacks on September 11 , 2001 , were insulted by Banksy 's remarks . "  I think it 's a disgrace to New York City and all the families who lost loved ones on 9/11 , " said former fire department Deputy Chief Jim Riches , whose firefighter son , Jimmy , was one of nearly 3,000 people killed in the attacks . "  The attacks of September 11th were an attack on all of us and we will live out our lives in their shadow . But it 's also how we react to adversity that defines us . And the response ? 104 floors of compromise ? " wrote Banksy . "  He is looking for publicity , " Riches said , "  I do n't think anyone should care what he says . " Designed by architect David Childs of Skidmore , Owings and Merrill , One World Trade Center is a 1,776-foot tall , 3.5-million-square-foot building that includes office space , an observation deck and high-end restaurants , according to the World Trade Center website . It is one of five skyscrapers to be built at the site . "  To have the marker in the sky is an important thing for people traveling around the city . But as a marker , it also says downtown is back . It now has a place that responds to the midtown of New York that was missing for so long , " Childs told CNN in April 2012 . During his visit to New York , Banksy has also referenced September 11 in a street art stencil of the Twin Towers in Tribeca . He placed an orange daisy near where the planes struck the north tower . Sally Regenhard , a leading voice for families of 9/11 victims , lost her firefighter son , Christian in the attacks . "  To me it was n't a flower . It looked like an explosion , a fire explosion , " said Regenhard . Regenhard told CNN she is not against Banksy . "  It 's just a PR thing , " Regenhard said . "  I 'm more concerned with the safety of the building than design . " Riches looks forward to the new skyscraper . "  It 's part of our skyline , " Riches said . "  It 's what future generations will look at . " Century 21 Department Store had planned to show Banksy 's work starting Tuesday , but after the artist 's essay , the iconic retailer has reconsidered . "  Due to recent controversial comments , Century 21 Department Store has decided to cancel the Banksy exhibit , " said spokeswoman Heather Feinmel . The Century 21 in downtown Manhattan is very close to the World Trade Center and had to be evacuated after the building was badly damaged on September 11 . The store was closed for five months before reopening at the same location . Banksy was not directly involved with the show .	Banksy criticizes design of One World Trade Center , calling it a "  shyscraper " New Yorkers affected by 9/11 believe Banksy 's work is a publicity stunt Banksy says the building looks plain , like something "  they would build in Canada " New York Times declines to publish op-ed ; Bansky posts the essay on website
CNN  -- Four separate times , prosecutors say , Gregory Peterson lured women under the pretext of a movie or lunch -- and sexually assaulted them . He kept one captive in his mother 's house for several days , they said He threatened to report another , whose visa had expired , for deportation , charging documents alleged . And in each case , authorities said , he forced the women to engage in sex acts by pointing to guns he possessed . For those alleged crimes , Peterson was awaiting trial on more than two dozen charges . But the criminal case ended Tuesday when the Utah man -- who 'd bailed out of jail just four days earlier -- was found in his cabin , dead of an apparent suicide . "  This has been a tragedy of a case from the beginning , " said Wasatch County Attorney Scott Sweat . A bail bondsman found Peterson in his Wasatch County cabin Tuesday evening while checking on him because his ankle monitor signal was getting weak , Sheriff Todd Bonner said . It 's unclear whether he left a note , Bonner said . Deputies noticed "  activity " with his monitor early in the afternoon as Peterson walked around outside his cabin , Bonner said . Peterson had a number of weapons inside his home , he added . Cara Tangaro , one of two lawyers representing Peterson , said she was "  completely 100 % shocked by the news . " "  If we thought he had been suicidal at all , we obviously would have taken that into account , or tried to get him help , or talk him out of bailing out , " she said early Wednesday morning . "  We actually felt we had a trial-able case , " she added . "  We were very much looking forward to getting his side of the story out there and having our day in court . " The Salt Lake County district attorney charged Peterson , 37 , in July with a range of crimes including rape , assault , and forcible sexual abuse against the four women . After spending three months in jail , he was released Friday on a $ 2 million bail . The women detailed the alleged sexual abuse in a July charging document . The first woman , identified only as S.M. , described meeting Peterson at a church event in March 2011 and agreeing to go to a movie with him . Instead of going to the theater , she said , he drove her to his cabin , assaulting her both on the drive and during the night . The woman said she was scared because there were weapons both in the car and in his cabin . Peterson drove her back to her car the next morning , she said . The other women said they met Peterson online . One said Peterson asked her to dinner in July 2011 but instead drove her to his cabin , sexually assaulting her on the way and through the night . She said he talked about her expired visa and threatened to deport her . Peterson then drove her to his mother 's house and kept her there for three days before driving her home and assaulting her again , she said . The other assaults allegedly occurred at the women 's homes in December 2011 and last April when he arrived to take them to lunch , they said . "  He maintained his innocence to us from Day 1 and never wavered from that , " Tangaro , his attorney said . Asked whether the apparent suicide indicates Peterson was guilty of the crimes , Sweat -- the Wasatch County attorney -- said : "  I think everyone 's going to have to make up their minds on that . "	NEW : His attorney says she was "  completely 100 % shocked by the news " Gregory Peterson was charged with 25 counts of sexual crimes Four women allege he assaulted them Peterson was found dead in his Utah cabin
CNN  -- Euro 2012 is almost upon us and Europe 's finest footballers will be marked men -- in more ways than one . The tournament will decide which is the continent 's top football team , but it will also showcase a tapestry of tattoos -- the body art that has become the chosen mode of self-expression for any self-respecting footballer . Euro 2012 : By the numbers "  I do n't think footballers are too different from other members of their generation -- except , of course , they have a lot more money , " says Ellis Cashmore , professor of Culture , Media and Sport at England 's Staffordshire University . "  They 're also people who have an awful lot of time on their hands . What do they do after training in the morning ? Play on their PlayStations , shop for new cars ? Or stop by the tattoo parlor and wile away a few hours ? " he told CNN . Footballers are on display to the world , with a global audience of millions expected to tune in for the June 8-July 1 tournament in Poland and Ukraine . But rather than a desire to distinguish themselves from the crowd , Cashmore believes getting a tattoo is more footballers wanting to fit in with his peers . "  The majority of tattoo-wearers decorate their bodies because is it voguish , almost a membership to the Y-generation , " said the academic , who is conducting research into how people view the future of Britain . "  It 's less a desire to stand out , more an eagerness to blend in . As I said before , it functions as a permanent bodily membership card . " Cashmore says there is no one type of person who is more likely to get a tattoo than another , because different people have varying reasons for deciding to get ink done . "  There 's no single impulse , " he said . "  I have a friend who approaches tattoos like a collector : one he had carved in LA , one from Tokyo , Stockholm and other points on the world map . "  Others commemorate the birth of children , weddings or other notable days . Or their affiliation : my gym is in West Bromwich and West Bromwich Albion tattoos are abundant . "  At my gym , there is hardly anyone under the age of 45 -- and a few older -- without some tribal marks on their arms . " Cashmore thinks the apparent rise in people getting tattoos is closely linked to the importance that modern society places on the body and personal grooming . "  We care and tend for our bodies now in a way that would have been regarded as obsessive as recently as 15 years ago , " he said . "  Think about the rising number of cosmetic surgery procedures in the UK , the money we spend on grooming products  especially male  , the time we spend in the hairdressers , at the gym , tanning salons . "  We depilate  the removal of hair  , oil , and pierce our bodies -- not for any specific function , but just because we are narcissists . "	Euro 2012 , co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine , kicks off on Friday June 9 Poland will play Greece in the tournament 's opening match in Warsaw A number of Euro 2012 's star players will be sporting extravagant tattoos Academic Ellis Cashmore believes footballers have tattoos to blend in with their colleagues
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Mumia Abu-Jamal sits on Pennsylvania 's death row , perhaps the most recognized of the 228 condemned inmates at the Greene Correctional Facility , an hour south of Pittsburgh . Former radio host and convicted cop-killer Mumia Abu-Jamal during a 1994 interview Abu-Jamal , inmate AM8335 , awaits three milestones . His new book , "  Jailhouse Lawyers , " will be released next month . He 's also awaiting a pair of Supreme Court decisions , which could come in the next two weeks . The former Black Panther was sentenced to die for gunning down a Philadelphia police officer 28 years ago . The high court will decide whether he deserves a new hearing to determine whether his execution should go forward . The state is appealing a federal appeals court ruling on the sentencing question that went in Abu-Jamal 's favor last year . The case has attracted international attention . Abu-Jamal 's lawyers filed a separate appeal claiming that racism led to his 1982 conviction . That petition is scheduled for consideration by the Supreme Court on April 3 . If either case is accepted by the justices for review , oral arguments would be held in the fall . The former radio reporter and cab driver has been a divisive figure , with many prominent supporters arguing that racism pervaded his trial . Others counter that Abu-Jamal is using his skin color to escape responsibility for his actions . They say he has divided the community for years with his provocative writing and activism . He was convicted for the December 9 , 1981 , murder of officer Daniel Faulkner , 25 , in Philadelphia . Faulkner had pulled over Abu-Jamal 's brother in a late-night traffic stop . Witnesses said Abu-Jamal , who was nearby , ran over and shot the police officer in the back and in the head . Abu-Jamal , once known as Wesley Cook , was also wounded in the confrontation and later admitted to the killing , according to other witnesses ' testimony . Abu-Jamal is black , and the police officer was white . Incarcerated for nearly three decades , Abu-Jamal has been an active critic of the criminal justice system . On a Web site created by friends to promote his release , the prisoner-turned-author writes about his fight . "  This is the story of law learned , not in the ivory towers of multi-billion dollar endowed universities but in the bowels of the slave-ship , in the hidden , dank dungeons of America . " His chief defense attorney , Robert Bryan , has filed appeals asking for a new criminal trial . "  The central issue in this case is racism in jury selection , " he wrote to supporters last month . "  We are in an epic struggle in which his life hangs in the balance . What occurs now in the Supreme Court will determine whether Mumia will have a new jury trial or die at the hands of the executioner , " Bryan said . Ten whites and two blacks made up the original jury panel that sentenced him to death . A three-judge panel of the 3rd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals kept the murder conviction in place a year ago but ordered a new capital sentencing hearing . "  The jury instructions and the verdict form created a reasonable likelihood that the jury believed it was precluded from finding a mitigating circumstance that had not been unanimously agreed upon , " Chief Judge Anthony J. Scirica wrote in the 77-page opinion . The federal appeals court ultimately concluded that the jury was improperly instructed on how to weigh "  mitigating factors " offered by the defense that might have kept Abu-Jamal off death row . Pennsylvania law at the time said jurors did not have to unanimously agree on a mitigating circumstance , such as the fact that Abu-Jamal had no prior criminal record . Months before that ruling , oral arguments on the issue were contentious . Faulkner 's widow and Abu-Jamal 's brother attended , and demonstrations on both sides were held outside the courtroom in downtown Philadelphia . If the Supreme Court refuses now to intervene on the sentencing issue , the city 's prosecutor would have to decide within six months whether to conduct a new death penalty sentencing hearing or allow Abu-Jamal to spend the rest of his life in state prison . Many prominent groups and individuals , including singer Harry Belafonte , the NAACP and the European Parliament , are cited on his Web site as supporters . Prosecutors have insisted that Abu-Jamal pay the price for his crimes and have aggressively resisted efforts to take him off death row for Faulkner 's murder . "  This assassination has been made a circus by those people in the world and this city who believe falsely that Mumia Abu-Jamal is some kind of a folk hero , " Philadelphia District Attorney Lynne Abraham said last year , when the federal appeals court upheld the conviction . "  He is nothing short of an assassin . " The city has honored the fallen police officer with a street designation and a commemorative plaque placed at the spot where he was shot and killed . The officer 's widow , Maureen Faulkner , wrote a book two years ago about her husband and the case : "  Murdered by Mumia : A Life Sentence of Loss , Pain and Injustice . " She writes that she was trying to "  definitively lay out the case against Mumia Abu-Jamal and those who 've elevated him to the status of political prisoner . "	Mumia Abu-Jamal 's case has become an international cause He has two appeals before the U.S. Supreme Court Racism responsible for his conviction , death sentence , appeal says Abu-Jamal convicted in 1981 killing of Philadelphia police officer
Hillary Clinton sought to clarify her "  dead broke " comment that generated a critical reaction in social media and energized her detractors , saying simply that she and her husband have known periods in their lives when they struggled financially to pay off debt . In another interview as her new memoir , "  Hard Choices , " hit bookstores on Tuesday , Clinton found herself again talking about her immediate post White House years when the former first family owed millions to lawyers and had nothing in the bank as they transitioned to a new life . In an interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer that aired on Monday , Mrs. Clinton said she and former President Bill Clinton were "  dead broke " and "  struggled to piece together the resources " for mortgages in pricey Washington and the New York suburbs and their daughter Chelsea 's tuition at prestigious Stanford University . Clinton made the comments in defense of the hefty speaking fees she now commands as she weighs a presidential bid . Clinton told Robin Roberts on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " that she understood the critical reaction to her comments , but remembers that they were "  something like $ 12 million in debt " in the winter of 2001 . "  Let me just clarify that I fully appreciate how hard life is for so many Americans today . It is an issue that I have worked on and cared about my entire adult life , " said Clinton , who later noted that getting out of post-White House debt "  was something that we really had to work hard " to accomplish . She also said that she and Bill Clinton had to support themselves at a young age and pay for college , too . "  We understand what that struggle was because we had student debts , both of us , we had to pay off , we had to work , " Clinton said . "  We have a life experience that is clearly different in very dramatic ways from many Americans , but we also have gone through some of the same challenges as many people have . " The Clintons righted their financial circumstances reasonably quickly by capitalizing on the expected post-presidential windfall of book deals and speaking fees . The new book "  Hard Choices " is about Clinton 's years as President Barack Obama 's first secretary of state , which she stepped away from early last year . In her ABC appearances , she honed what is likely to be her book tour message -- one of a thoughtful diplomat who is prepared to reintroduce herself to voters , especially women . With her book lining the walls of booksellers nationwide , Clinton stopped at a Barnes & Noble in Manhattan for her first book signing of the two-week tour . Flanked by Clinton devotees , many of whom waited overnight to get a copy signed by the former first lady , Clinton said she wrote the book "  for anybody who wants to think about and learn about what is happening in the world today , why America matters , and why the world matters to America . " She was forward looking in her brief remarks , telling that audience that "  we have a lot of hard choices ahead of us in our country to make it as great and strong as it should be . " Outside Barnes & Noble , many in line saw themselves not just waiting for the first event of a book tour . Instead , they saw this as the kickoff to Clinton 's new political future . "  I see it as the beginning of her campaign , and I think a lot of people do , " said Susan Kellman of Brooklyn , who waited with her daughter overnight to be one of the first in line . "  I think everybody is hopeful that that 's what it is . So it 's nice to be here at the beginning . " Security was tight at the event and attendees were warned beforehand that Clinton would not be personalizing each book and would not pose for photos . Book buyers , however , were happy to wait as long as they got to meet the former senator . "  I would love to get a picture , but I understand , " said Natia Mosashvili as she waited in line . Monica , Benghazi , presidential politics On Monday , Clinton was asked by Sawyer about Monica Lewinsky , the one time White House intern whose affair with the President in the mid 1990s set the stage for his impeachment and launched a wave of books , TV specials , and yet another chapter of scandal . Lewinsky resurfaced last month because of a Vanity Fair essay in which she reflected on her infamy and her life after the saga . "  She is perfectly free to do that , " Clinton said about Lewinsky 's essay . "  She is , in my view , an American who gets to express herself however she chooses . But that is not something I spend a lot of time thinking about . " Clinton added that she has "  moved on " and if she had the chance to talk to Lewinsky she would "  wish her well . " "  I hope that she is able to think about her future and construct a life that she finds meaning and satisfaction in , " Clinton concluded . Much of the Sawyer interview focused on Clinton 's tenure at the State Department , including her relations with Russia , sanctions imposed on Iran and the 2012 terrorist attack that killed four Americans in Benghazi , Libya . Clinton , as she has done before , portrayed herself as someone who moved the ball forward on diplomatic issues , not someone who fixed everything . "  Let 's talk about what was accomplished and then talk about the continuing threats , " Clinton said when pressed about her State Department record . On Benghazi , Republicans contend that the attack that killed Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans illustrates Obama administration foreign policy failures . Democrats say ongoing Republican-led scrutiny is political and designed to undercut any potential Clinton candidacy . "  I view this as really apart from -- even a diversion from -- the hard work that the Congress should be doing about the problems facing our country and the world , " Clinton said , noting that the U.S. should be "  in the majors " on world affairs . Clinton has taken responsibility before for what happened in Benghazi , and she did so again in the interview . She also defended herself by saying she "  was not making security decisions " for the Benghazi compound . Roberts pressed Clinton Tuesday about her record at the State Department and whether she will distance herself from Obama if she runs for president . "  Where I disagree with President Obama , I will be clear , " Clinton said . "  But in many areas , he and I worked together and I think we saw positive results . I am very proud of what we did during the time that I was there . " Republicans have seized on a number of comments from Clinton 's interviews and book rollout , but none more than her comments about the family 's finances . American Rising , the pro-Republican opposition research shop that , along with the Republican National Committee , takes the lead in criticizing Clinton , was quick to ping her over her comments to ABC , saying they "  reveal someone who is extremely out of touch with financial reality facing Americans . " And on running , Clinton told Sawyer she would "  decide when it feels right for me to decide . " She also entertained the idea of not running . "  I like what I am doing , " she said . ` Hard Choices ' recalls memories , regrets from Clinton 's State years Hillary Clinton in 2001 : We were ` dead broke '	Clinton defends her tenure at State Department , pushes back on Benghazi critics On the subject of Monica Lewinsky , Clinton says she has "  moved on " She says the Clintons were broke when they left the White House in 2001 She will decide on presidential run "  when it feels right for me to decide "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Water with trace amounts of radioactivity may have leaked for months from a U.S. Navy nuclear-powered submarine as it traveled around the Pacific to ports in Guam , Japan and Hawaii , Navy officials told CNN on Friday . The USS Houston arrives in Pearl Harbor for routine maintenance , during which the leak was found . The leak was found on the USS Houston , a Los Angeles-class fast attack submarine , after it went to Hawaii for routine maintenance last month , Navy officials said . Navy officials said the amount of radiation leaked into the water was virtually undetectable . But the Navy alerted the Japanese government because the submarine had been docked in Japan . The problem was discovered last month when a build-up of leaking water popped a covered valve and poured onto a sailor 's leg while the submarine was in dry dock . An investigation found a valve was slowly dripping water from the sub 's nuclear power plant . The water had not been in direct contact with the nuclear reactor , Navy officials said . Officials with knowledge of the incident could not quantify the amount of radiation leaked but insisted it was "  negligible " and an "  extremely low level . " The total amount leaked while the sub was in port in Guam , Japan and Hawaii was less than a half of a microcurie  0.0000005 curies  , or less than what is found in a 50-pound bag of lawn and garden fertilizer , the officials said . The sailor who was doused , a Houston crew member , tested negative for radiation from the water , according to Navy officials . Since March , the Houston had crisscrossed the western Pacific , spending a week in Japan and several weeks in both Guam and Hawaii , Navy officials said . See a timeline of the sub 's movements " The Navy on Friday notified the Japanese government of the leak , the officials said , and told them it was possible the ship had been leaking while in port in Sasebo , Japan , in March . While Japan has agreed to allow U.S. nuclear-powered ships in Japanese ports , the decision was a not popular in Japan . The Houston incident comes at a time when the Navy is trying to smooth over a problem with a nuclear-powered aircraft carrier . The USS George Washington was due to replace the aging , conventionally powered USS Kitty Hawk this summer as the United States ' sole carrier based in Japan . While en route to Japan this May , a massive fire broke out on the George Washington , causing $ 70 million in damage . The fire was blamed on crew members smoking near improperly stored flammable materials . There was no damage or threat to the nuclear reactor , but the ship was diverted to San Diego , California , for repairs . It now is expected to arrive in Japan at the end of September . The Navy this week fired the captain and his deputy , saying an investigation into the fire led to a lack of confidence in the leadership of both men . Just two weeks ago , thousands of Japanese protested the pending arrival of the George Washington .	Leak was found on the USS Houston during routine maintenance last month Navy officials say amount of radiation leaked into water was virtually undetectable Sub spent time at ports in Guam , Japan and Hawaii Officials : Radiation was "  negligible " and an "  extremely low level "
CNN  -- The morning started off as just another day . The alarm clock announced the start of the day at 4 a.m. , well before the sun would begin to peer over the eastern horizon . I had merely 75 minutes to get myself and two young boys ready and out the door for what would soon become a roller-coaster of a day . I do n't have what everyone would consider a normal job . I 'm a soldier in the United States Army . Currently , I serve as the public affairs chief for the 4th Sustainment Brigade in Fort Hood , Texas . My job is one of the greatest in the armed forces , because I have a unique opportunity to focus my efforts in telling the stories of the many heroes and patriots who serve in our military ranks . The mechanics , truck drivers , personnel specialists , etc. , are some of the unsung heroes in our formation , and it 's my goal to highlight their achievements . But on this day , after I dropped my boys off at day care and arrived at the first formation of the morning to salute the flag at Reveille , the tables were turned . I was called in front of all my peers , recognized for my hard work and awarded an opportunity to attend the Tony Stewart Smoke Show Fantasy Camp at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth the following day . Watch Staff Sgt. Thompson take to the track This was an incredible honor to be recognized by my leadership as they recommended me for this opportunity . I am humbled that they would think so highly of my performance at work ; however , I feel it is more of a privilege to be in a position to meet so many other soldiers who have volunteered to serve our great nation . However , for me , it 's my job when I 'm not in the office that is much more important : I 'm a single parent to two very special boys . My oldest son , Haden , 6 , has cerebral palsy as a result of a heart arrhythmia , stroke and seizures when he was just 3 months old . His brother , Jason Jr. , 5 , is about two years developmentally delayed and borderline autistic . Having two children with special needs added to my appreciation for the experience at the Smoke Show , as all the proceeds benefited the Speedway Children 's Charities . Seeing someone in the position of Tony Stewart , the defending NASCAR champion , donate his time to help raise money for less fortunate children was simply amazing . This was the fifth time Stewart has hosted his Smoke Show at Texas Motor Speedway , and in only five years , he has raised more than $ 1 million for Speedway Children 's Charities . Not only does it speak volumes to the character of Stewart as an individual , it goes to the generosity of people in the Dallas/Fort Worth area who donated that money for the charities . As a single parent of two exceptional children , I understand the importance of a helping hand once in a while . On the day of the Tony Stewart Smoke Show , I was able to drive a stock car around the track for a pair of 10-lap sessions as well as a three-lap heat session as a passenger with Stewart driving . I 'm a long-time NASCAR fan , so it had always been a dream of mine to get a car up to full speed on the high banks . The experience was certainly a once in a lifetime opportunity that I will always be grateful for and an opportunity that I hope will be afforded to other outstanding soldiers in the years to come . I am but one man serving as part of a much larger team of volunteer soldiers who have dedicated their life to serve the United States of America . Some may look at my circumstances with being a single military father of two special needs children as a difficult and challenging hardship ; those individuals could n't be more incorrect . I am truly blessed for everything that I have been given . I have an extraordinary opportunity to be a strong role model for the two most resilient and strong boys a father could ask for .	Staff Sgt. Jason Thompson was awarded a trip to Tony Stewart 's racing camp All the proceeds from the camp benefit the Speedway Children 's Charities Thompson has two boys with special needs and serves in the U.S. Army Thompson : As a single parent , I understand the importance of a helping hand
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Tony Louzado is facing foreclosure . He 's not alone -- in central Florida , where Louzado lives and works , one in every 56 homes is in foreclosure . That simple number , from foreclosure data firm RealtyTrac , does n't tell the whole story , especially in Louzado 's case . Two different law firms are pushing the foreclosure -- on the same mortgage . "  I see now that there 's two people that are coming after me , that maybe -LSB- the bank -RSB- hired in this way , " he said . "  I do n't know all the specifics , but there 's two people that are coming after me on the same loan number . " Across the country , millions of Americans have lost their homes to foreclosure since the recession began in December 2007 , according to RealtyTrac . Increasingly , however , more of those stories are becoming horror tales about a system in chaos with banks pushing people toward foreclosure , sometimes , allegedly , based on error-filled or even fraudulent and illegal documents . Several of the nation 's financial giants , including Bank of America , Allied Financial , JPMorgan Chase and GMAC , have halted foreclosures , although Bank of America and GMAC announced they are resuming the process . While the Obama administration opposes a moratorium on foreclosures so the process can be examined , the federal Fraud Enforcement Task Force has launched a criminal investigation to determine if the banks and their lawyers have done anything illegal . Louzado 's case may or may not have been handled properly , but his story is typical . "  I bought the house 6 years ago . It was something I was happy with . It was $ 1,500 a month , " said the physical therapist and part-time fireman-paramedic . "  I 'm a prideful man . I take pride in paying all my bills . " But then , there were a series of tragic turns . His young son needed three open heart surgeries as well as other surgeries to drain fluid . Louzado 's health insurance is good , he said , but not good enough to cover $ 1,800 per month in prescriptions , co-payments and deductibles . He took a loan from his retirement account . The low interest rate on his mortgage -- supposedly fixed for the first five years and variable after that -- nevertheless rose every year , including a $ 600 jump in Year 4 . The bank had no real answers , he said , and was n't very helpful . Meanwhile , the bills piled up , and he started to fall behind . Louzado took a 5 percent pay cut at the fire department , necessitated by the struggling economy . But still , he thought he could work his way out until he began calling his bank and realizing , he said , no one wanted to listen . "  They said , ` You are a hard-working American , thank you for paying us . When you stop paying , now we can start working with you , ' " Louzado said . "  Basically , do something wrong , then we 're going to work with you . Go through your savings , go through everything , now you have nothing . "  With my situation it 's a little more difficult because of my son 's surgeries and the medical bills which I now have to take care of , which I want to take care of , " His son 's medical bills take priority , Louzado says . But that 's not easy with a big bank seeking to repossess his modest , three-bedroom townhome in Miami -- and two law firms to deal with . "  In my opinion , these are hired guns . Banks want these non-performing loans off their bottom line . And what do they do ? They go out and hire a foreclosure mill who 's trying to push it through as fast as possible , " said Louzado 's attorney , Jose Funica . Working fast and furiously creates opportunities for mistakes , Funica said , and Florida foreclosure defense attorneys are filing complaints . Funica 's Palm Beach law firm , Ice Legal , has taken numerous depositions where banking officials have admitted under oath they signed thousands of foreclosure-related documents every month without personally verifying them . One employee was signing 10,000 documents a month in some cases , the depositions revealed . "  That 's virtually impossible , " said Funica . "  You have to have an army of people to review the documents necessary to prove the validity of these documents in court . " One of the firms foreclosing on Louzado is the law office of David Stern in Plantation , Florida . Florida 's attorney general says Stern 's foreclosure business is the largest in the state and accuses the firm of submitting false documents , even making some up , just to speed up the foreclosure process . The state has opened a civil investigation against several firms , including Stern 's . Repeated calls to Stern 's office have not been returned . However , he told the New York Times , " ... there has not been submission of fraudulent documents . " Stern said the investigation is politically motivated , adding , "  We have done nothing wrong . " "  I can tell you now that no misconduct is occurring at David Stern 's law firm , and the firm works very diligently to make sure that all the processing is done correctly , " Stern 's attorney , Jeffrey Tew , said in a phone interview . But in depositions for a lawsuit against the firm , Stern 's employees admitted , under oath , they were signing foreclosure documents so fast that they barely had time to even see who the homeowner was . It 's a practice known as "  robo-signing . " In an excerpt from a deposition of Cheryl Samons , an employee who once worked for Stern , she says she did not read foreclosure documents before signing them . "  How much time do you spend examining each document before you sign them ? " asked Ice Legal . "  Very little , " the employee answered . "  Do you read the document ? " Ice Legal asked . "  No , " the employee answered . "  Their mill is the printer , printing off document after document after document and just having people sign them , " said Ice Legal attorney Chris Immel . "  They 're being paid to serve , to take the foreclosure through the process as quickly as possible , " he said . "  The servicers actually rate them based on how quickly they move through the process . " And in a "  foreclosure mill , " time is money . " ... $ 1,200 to $ 1,450 is usually what shows up on uncontested cases for attorney 's fees and costs because they 're dealing with a pro-se person who 's not challenging the different paperwork that they file in the case , " said Immel . "  I mean , some of these people are making a very good living doing this . " David Stern has made millions . He owns tens of millions of dollars in homes , sports-cars and a recently purchased a 130-foot Mangusta yacht . The yacht alone is estimated to be worth around $ 20 million . Judges in numerous states have thrown out thousands of foreclosures . In at least six states , attorneys general are investigating , including the state of Ohio which has also sued Allied Financial . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has announced the Department of Justice is looking into the problem , and Congressional leaders are calling for GAO investigations and more . The investigations and lawsuits will eventually peel back the layers and determine if the foreclosures have been handled properly . Congress may set more rules so that the system operates more transparently . But that will all come too late for Tony Louzado , who has given up the fight to keep his home and reluctantly is letting it go . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Florida man is pursued by two law firms for one mortgage Florida attorney general is investigating "  foreclosure mills " Depositions show attorneys often signed documents without reading them Feds are also looking into the problem , but not calling for moratorium
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth II 's husband Prince Philip was released from a hospital in Scotland on Monday after being treated for a bladder infection . Philip , the Duke of Edinburgh , was admitted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary in Scotland on Wednesday . The 91-year-old , who first suffered the problem in June , fell ill again as he was staying at the royal residence in Balmoral , Scotland , where the queen traditionally spends part of the summer . UK 's Prince William helps save girl from drowning Buckingham Palace said Wednesday he had been taken to the hospital as a precautionary measure and was likely to be kept in for several days . It is the third time Philip has been hospitalized in the past eight months . Before the bladder infection , which he initially contracted during events marking the queen 's diamond jubilee , he spent four nights in a hospital over the Christmas holiday last year for treatment of a blocked coronary artery . However , he appeared in good health last week as he fulfilled several engagements on the Isle of Wight , off the south coast of England . Philip 's next scheduled public appearance is alongside the queen as she opens the London 2012 Paralympic Games on August 29 . He appeared by her side at the opening ceremony for the Olympic Games at the end of July and accompanied her on a visit to the Olympic Park as the events got under way . It has been a particularly busy year for the queen and Duke of Edinburgh because of the many events held to celebrate her diamond jubilee . Addressing Parliament in March , the queen paid tribute to her husband as "  a constant strength and guide " throughout her long reign . The longest-serving consort in British history , Philip married then-Princess Elizabeth in November 1947 at Westminster Abbey . Born the prince of Greece and Denmark on the Greek island of Corfu in 1921 , Philip left Greece with his family when he was 18 months old after King Constantine was forced to abdicate the throne following a revolution . The family moved to Paris and then to England in 1928 . Philip also went to school in Germany . Philip renounced his Greek title when he became a naturalized British subject in 1947 . CNN Royal Correspondent Max Foster contributed to this report .	Prince Philip spent five nights in a hospital with a bladder infection The 91-year-old has been hospitalized three times in the past eight months Queen Elizabeth II 's husband is the longest-serving royal consort
CNN  -- Episcopal priests will be allowed to conduct services blessing same-sex relationships under a policy approved Tuesday at the church 's national convention in Indianapolis . The convention 's House of Bishops approved the provisional policy 111-41 with three abstentions Monday , clearing it for consideration by the House of Deputies , which approved it Tuesday evening . The policy was approved in the House of Deputies , following more than an hour of debate , by 78 % of the voting lay members and by 76 % of clergy . Can ` true Catholics ' favor same-sex marriage ? With the vote , the Episcopal Church becomes the largest U.S. denomination to officially sanction same-sex relationships . The Episcopal Church has about 1.95 million members in the United States , down 16 % over the last decade , according to the church . The service is not considered a marriage ceremony , media affairs representative Nancy Davidge said . "  We have authorized a blessing , and a blessing is different than a marriage , " she said . "  A blessing is a theological response to a monogamous , committed relationship . " Marriage requires the additional involvement of civil authorities , and many states do not allow gays to marry . The Episcopal policy calls for a three-year trial run of the blessing service , which is called "  The Witnessing and Blessing of a Lifelong Covenant . " It will be accompanied by a review process leading up to the church 's next annual convention in Salt Lake City . It 's then that church leaders would decide whether to make the policy permanent , church media affairs representative Neva Rae Fox said . The vote in the House of Deputies followed comments , including from advocates arguing the policy would be a step toward inclusiveness . Delegate Pete Ross of Michigan said it was time for the church to honor lifelong commitments of people in same-sex relationships . "  The signs outside our church says all are welcome . Do we need an asterisk ? " But the Rev. David Thurlow of South Carolina said the policy advocates a "  new theology " of human sexuality that is inconsistent with church canons and doctrine . The approval means the church is "  marching off , not simply out of step , but completely out of line from the faith once delivered to the saints , " Thurlow said before the vote . The policy , which has been in development since 2009 , allows local bishops to decide whether to allow the service . It also includes a provision stating that clergy members who object to same-sex unions can not be coerced to perform the blessing , or be disciplined for refusing . As with civil politics , issues involving homosexuality have roiled American churches for years . In 2003 , the Episcopal Church in the United States split over the election of an openly gay priest , Eugene Robinson , as bishop in New Hampshire . And in 2009 , the church approved a policy allowing the ordination of homosexual Episcopalians as priests . Just this summer , the Presbyterian and Methodist churches rejected measures that would have granted formal church recognition to gay relationships . The United Methodist Church , at its General Conference meeting in Tampa , Florida , upheld the church 's position on homosexuality , which excludes gay marriages and same-sex unions . The Methodist body also rejected a proposal saying the church is not of one mind on the issue of homosexuality . Tech is getting more gay-friendly This month in Pittsburgh , the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church USA decided not to change the church 's definition of marriage as being "  between a man and a woman . " Delegates approved a two-year study of the issue . The only major U.S. denomination to endorse same-sex marriage across the board is the United Church of Christ , which did so in 2005 . In 2009 , the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America allowed member churches to recognize same-sex relationships , but stopped short of creating a churchwide policy or crafting a specific blessing service . During Monday 's debate , Bishop Nathan Baxter of Central Pennsylvania said the policy would allow the church to focus on inclusion while respecting theological differences within the church , according to the Episcopal News Service . But others said the policy was a bad idea , the news service reported . "  The Christian world is going to understand us as having changed the nature of the sacrament of holy matrimony , " the news service quoted Bishop Edward Little of Northern Indiana as saying . "  The Christian world will look at that liturgy world and see vows , and exchange of rings , a pronouncement and a blessing and they will understand that to mean the Episcopal Church has endorsed same-sex marriage and changed a basic Christian doctrine . I do not believe that we are free to do that . " Randall Balmer , a Dartmouth University religion professor and an Episcopal priest who supports the change , said he expects little fallout from the policy within the American church . Most of the most conservative Episcopalians who oppose blessing same-sex relationships have probably already left the church , he said . "  In many ways , the church is tracking public sentiment , " which is increasingly supportive of same-sex relationships , Balmer said ahead of Tuesday 's vote . "  The Episcopal Church is merely part of that trend . " He said it 's also unlikely to increase tensions with conservative elements of the worldwide Anglican Communion , of which the Episcopal Church is a member . "  I really do n't think it will have a major effect . The real divisions already occurred over Gene Robinson 's consecration in 2003 , " he said . But some conservatives within the communion might try to use the decision to further marginalize the U.S. church , Balmer said . As blood donations decline , U.S. ban on gay donors is examined Google pushes for gay rights with ` Legalize Love ' campaign Wed-locked : Some same-sex couples denied divorce Rareview : Growing old openly gay CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Phil Gast contributed to this report .	NEW : Supporters say policy step toward inclusiveness House of Deputies votes to approve policy Policy has been in development since 2009 Church leaders would study the issue for three years before making it permanent
CNN  -- American missiles were used in an attack that killed 55 people , including 41 civilians , in southern Yemen , Amnesty International said Monday . The human rights organization released what it said were photographs of a U.S.-manufactured cruise missile used in the December attack in the community of al-Ma ` jalah , and said authorities must be held accountable . "  Based on the evidence provided by these photographs , the U.S. government must disclose what role it played in the al Ma ` jalah attack , and all governments involved must show what steps they took to prevent unnecessary deaths and injuries , " said Philip Luther , deputy director of the organization 's Middle East and North Africa program . Asked about the report , Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman said , "  I would refer you to the Yemeni government for any information on operations against al Qaeda in their country . That said , the Yemen government should be commended for dealing with the al Qaeda threat in their nation . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula threatens the stability of the region and poses an increasing threat to Yemenis and Americans . We strongly support actions against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and cooperate closely with Yemen and other countries on counterterrorism initiatives . " The government of Yemen has not yet been reached for comment . Yemeni government officials had said the December 17 , 2009 , attack in southern Yemen targeted an al Qaeda training camp , according to Amnesty International . The attack killed 55 people , including 14 alleged members of the terrorist group , the organization said . Civilians killed included 14 women and 21 children , Amnesty International said . Amnesty International said the photos were provided to the organization by a confidential source . It said the organization had spent months checking their contents with specialists , but teams from Amnesty International had not yet been able to visit the site to verify the images . In December , senior U.S. officials told CNN U.S. special operations forces and intelligence agencies , and their Yemeni counterparts , were working to identify potential al Qaeda targets in Yemen . This was part of a new classified agreement with the Yemeni government that the two countries will work together and that the United States will remain publicly silent on its role in providing intelligence and weapons to conduct strikes , the officials said . Officially the United States has not said it conducted previous airstrikes in Yemen , but officials have privately said the Yemeni military could not have carried out the strikes on its own . Washington began eyeing the impoverished desert nation as a possible new haven for al Qaeda as early as 2001 , after the invasion of Afghanistan triggered by the group 's attacks on New York and Washington . It 's the ancestral homeland of al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden , whose followers bombed the destroyer USS Cole in a Yemeni port a year before the 9/11 attacks . In December the country became the target of more scrutiny after U.S. officials said the suspect in the Christmas Day attempt to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight over Detroit had trained at a camp in Yemen .	Amnesty International says U.S.-made cruise missiles used in attack Attack killed 55 people , including 41 civilians , organization says Pentagon wo n't comment but pleased with Yemen 's fight against al Qaeda Yemeni officials have said al Qaeda camp was target
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou reshuffled his Cabinet Friday amid a financial crisis that could reverberate far beyond his country 's borders . Among the sweeping changes , Papandreou tapped Evangelos Venizelos , the former defense minister , to serve in the key posts of finance minister and deputy prime minister . The government reshuffle is an attempt by Papanedreou to push through austerity measures demanded by the European Union but unpopular at home and opposed by some of his own party members . The harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to public sector job losses and tax hikes . The crisis raises concerns for Europe 's currency , the euro . A default on its debts by Greece , or another struggling nation such as Portugal or Ireland , could adversely affect the world economy . There are fears that efforts to restructure Greece 's debt could send shockwaves through Europe 's banking sector and spark investor panic similar to that in the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers , the U.S. based global investment bank . Venizelos addressed the nation Friday , urging consensus in solving the crisis . "  Our priority is the viability and sustainability of the public debt , " he said . "  There is no disagreement on this issue . " He said that with the help of the Greek people , "  I am sure we will succeed . " Venizelos , a veteran politician , steered Greece 's preparations for the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens . He replaces Giorgos Papakonstantinou , who will become the environment minister , a government spokesman said . The new Greek Cabinet members were sworn in during a televised ceremony Friday afternoon . "  With the new composition of the government we make a new start , " Papandreou told Parliament . "  We face the biggest threat that our country has known over the last decades . " He said Venizelos was tapped to spearhead the implementation of what he called an "  especially painful " and "  difficult program of big structural changes that will lead our country to a viable economy during the following years . Papandreou said he will soon convene a Cabinet meeting to address the problem of record-high unemployment rates . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso expressed hope the government retructuring will help Greece move forward . "  I call on all political forces to put all their energy into securing broad political support for the economic reform that Greece needs -- reform for the benefit of the people and for the benefit of Greece , " Barroso said in a statement . In Berlin , the leaders of Germany and France met to find common ground on furthur bailout money for Greece to stop it from defaulting . European nations are divided over whether to provide more assistance . "  We 'd like to once again emphasize what we have said again and again -- that the euro is our common currency , " German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday . "  Europe and the euro are most closely connected with each other , " she said , speaking to reporters with French President Nicolas Sarkozy . "  Its economic strength , Germany 's economic strength , is connected to a strong euro , and we will therefore do everything to preserve and support the euro and its stability altogether ... and to recover from the difficulties we are having . " Sarkozy said any solution that involved the private sector should be on a voluntary basis . Papandreou faces opposition from his party over the austerity measures needed to secure an additional bailout package from institutions including the International Monetary Fund and the European Union . The IMF said Thursday that it would continue to back Greece provided that Greece carried out the economic policy reforms agreed upon by the government . In Washington , White House spokesman Jay Carney said U.S. officials are monitoring the situation in Greece closely but believe their European counterparts have the capacity to deal with it . "  We consider it a headwind , if you will , in terms of the global economy and therefore the domestic economy , " he said . "  So far , Greece has made significant progress in terms of reforms . But it is important that the Greek government carry on with the fiscal measures and reforms that are frequently under discussion with the EU and the IMF . " The Greek government 's popularity has plunged recently , and anti-government protests turned violent Wednesday , as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Ministry of Finance and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put the measures into effect . The government has said that the passage of these additional measures is essential to Greece 's securing the fifth portion of the first 110 billion euro  $ 158 billion  bailout package that Greece signed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund to prevent the country from defaulting on its debts . Journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : PM : "  We face the biggest threat that our country has known over the last decades " The new finance minister urges national consensus The leaders of France and Germany are discussing the Greek crisis Greece is struggling to find a way out of deep debt
CNN  -- Tiger Woods was forced to pull out of the final round of the Players Championship at Sawgrass on Sunday with a neck injury . Woods lasted until the seventh hole before calling it a day . He was two-over for the round and two-under for the prestigious tournament , but trailing the leaders , when he quit . South African Tim Clark eventually won the ` fifth major ' with a superb five-under-par 67 to close on 16-under 272 . "  I 've been playing with a bad neck for a while , " Woods told gathered reporters . "  I might have a bulging disk . They want me to get a picture on it next week . "  I 've been playing through it . I ca n't play through it any more , " he said . "  I know playing does n't help it , " he added . Woods revealed he had been troubled by the pain before last month 's Masters , where he finished tied for fourth . It was his first tournament of the year after a self-imposed exile following his revelations of marital infidelities . The world number one was in action again at the Quail Hollow tournament in North Carolina last week where he easily missed the cut after two sorry rounds . "  I 'm having a hard time with the pain , " Woods said . "  There 's tingling down my fingers , just the right side . Setting up over the ball is fine but once I start making the motion , it 's downhill from there . " Woods is under pressure for his world number one spot from Phil Mickelson , who won the Masters and has been in tremendous form on the PGA Tour . The 34-year-old last pulled out of a tournament in 2006 at the Nissan Open in Los Angeles when he had flu . If the injury proves long-standing it could affect his build to the second major of the season , the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach in mid-June . Mickelson could have leapfrogged Woods if he had won the Players , but he shot a closing 74 to tie for 17th . England 's Lee Westwood led going into the back nine on the final day , but a series of lapses , including a double bogey on the notorious short 17th , ended his hopes . Clark , who was winning for the first time on the PGA Tour , charged through the field to set the clubhouse target , with Australian Robert Allenby finishing second , one shot behind , after failing with birdie attempts on the final two holes .	Tiger Woods pulls out of Players Championship at Sawgrass with neck injury World number one says he may have a bulging disk problem Woods was playing only third event of the year after a sex scandal NEW : Tim Clark of South Africa win the tournament after superb five-under 67
As if the deadly flooding inundating much of the Balkans was n't alarming enough , rescuers must now grapple with another concern : the risk of landmines from the Bosnian war resurfacing . "  A vast number of landslides have worsened the situation and relief efforts , " the Red Cross said , describing the rains as the "  worst floods in more than a century . " The epic flooding is the worst Serbia has seen since the country began keeping records 120 years ago , meteorologists said . "  There are reports that landmines buried during the conflict and not yet removed are in some instances being shifted with the landslides , adding  to  the dangers of people living in the areas as well as rescuers , " the Red Cross said . "  We can not say exactly what happened with the mine fields , " Bosnian President Bakir Izetbegovic told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He warned that the mines were likely displaced in the flooding along with signs warning of mines in the area . "  The system of the mine fields  was  under control , and had warnings marks are now actually removed , " Izetbegovic said . In the Serbian town of Obrenovac , at least 13 bodies have been recovered , and officials in Bosnia-Herzegovina said 13 people had died there so far . Expert predict those numbers to rise as flood waters recede . Even though the intense rainfall subsided Monday , the disaster is far from over . CNN meteorologist Pedram Javaheri said flooding in the region will last at least another week -- and in some places , it could get worse . The Serbian capital of Belgrade , for example , sits at the crux of the swollen Sava and Danube rivers . As water rushes downstream , the flood level in Belgrade is expected to rise through Thursday , Javaheri said . After a day of assessments , property damage alone is estimated a $ 1.37 billion  1 billion euros  said Elvir Camdzic , a presidential adviser . "  When combined with the overall economic losses due to the flooding , the full scale of the damage will be measured in billions of euros , " Camdzic said . ` Happy that we did n't drown ' In Serbia alone , more than 24,000 people have evacuated to escape water that is chest-high in some areas . Bosnian officials say 30,000 people are displaced in their country . "  People were in a panic , running , " an evacuee told CNN affiliate N1 in Belgrade , Serbia . "  I left with a kid . I was really happy that we did n't drown . " The woman 's house is now flooded , and she says she has no idea where she will live . But many Serbians would n't budge . "  Some people simply do not want to leave their homes , " said Novica Biorac , a volunteer from a rafting club in Raska . "  We are trying to convince them to leave , but it 's very difficult . " Farmland hit hard Farmers along the Danube and Sava rivers are bracing for damage assessments as the rains have stopped . The epic flooding followed an unusually dry winter that saw very little snowfall , meteorologists said . Agriculture , especially row crop production , is still one of the most important parts of Bosnia 's economy and takes up 47 % of the countries landmass , according to a European Commission assessment . Small family farms populate about half of all agricultural lands and are essential for Bosnia 's food security , according to the European Union . Many of those farms are now under water , and massive landslides are a problem . "  This country is brutally destroyed by nature , " said Zlatko Lagumdzija , Bosina 's minister of foreign affairs . "  The lanslides are absolutely destroying the country . We have registered up to 2,000 , " he said . The World Food Programme said it plans to send food assistance to 150,000 people in Bosnia 's most-affected areas . The organization is also sending food for 7,000 people in Serbia . Bosnia-Herzegovina is not yet a member of the European Union , but the EU is its largest agricultural trading partners , and EU representatives say they will aid in the recovery . "  We need an assessment from the government , " said Ambassador Peter Sorensen , the EU Special Representative in Bosnia . "  We have ecological things with sewage , with water , with fuel and pesticides . " The EU will assist where it can , Sorensen said . Deadly situation The Serbian government said one of the 13 dead was someone who had already died "  of natural causes , " Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic said . One of the deceased was a rescuer , said Dragan Radovanovic , president of the Serbian branch of the Red Cross . Authorities estimate that 90 % of Obrenovac has been flooded . Bosnian authorities say the flooded town of Maglaj received the average rainfall for two months in less than two days . "  Many cities and villages in western Serbia are completely under water , " the Serbian Embassy in Washington said in a statement Sunday , describing the situation as an "  unimaginable catastrophe . " Fighting the flood Soldiers , rescue workers and volunteers rushed to stack sandbags in towns near rivers throughout Serbia . The Sava River has already reached 6.3 meters  20.7 feet  -- a historic high , the Serbian government said . The Prime Minister said workers have erected a dam 7.3 meters  24 feet  tall in the area of Sabac . In Kostolac , along the Danube River , workers built sandbag walls to protect a thermal power plant -- one that the energy minister called the most important power facility in Serbia . The plant produces 20 % of the nation 's power . The Prime Minister thanked countries that have already come to Serbia 's aid . He said he was especially grateful to members of the Russian special forces , including one member who swam 200 meters  656 feet  in cold water to save several people . What is causing Balkans weather misery ?	Damage is in the billions of euros , according to first day of assessment in Bosnia EU warns of massive ecological damage from flooding after thousands of landslides At least 13 people in Serbia and 13 in Bosnia and Herzegovina are dead after epic flooding The Red Cross says shifting landmines could endanger rescuers and residents
CNN  -- In what must be the most extraordinary statement of his presidency , Barack Obama on Monday blasted the possibility that the United States Supreme Court might overturn the Affordable Care Act . Obama said the court would take an "  unprecedented , extraordinary step " if it overturns the law , because it was passed by "  a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress . " Setting aside the point that the ACA did not pass with an overwhelming majority , but by a party-line vote in the Senate and seven votes in the House , and without the support of a single member of the Republican Party , the most astonishing thing about Obama 's diatribe was the fundamental misunderstanding of our constitutional tradition it revealed . Since 1788 , in the famous defense of the Constitution set forth by Alexander Hamilton in the Federalist Papers , it has been understood that it is the task of the Supreme Court to rein in majoritarian legislatures when they go beyond what the Constitution permits . This is not , as Obama implies , judicial activism , or political activity on the part of the justices . This is simply , as Hamilton explained , fidelity to the Constitution itself , fidelity to the highest expression of "  We the People of the United States , " the body whose representatives ratified that Constitution . That doctrine of judicial review was most famously expressed by the great Chief Justice John Marshall in Marbury v. Madison  1803  , but it had been noted not only by Hamilton , but by many other federal judges in the late 18th century . And over the years , in more than 50 instances , courts have struck down unconstitutional behavior by the federal and state legislatures . Judicial review is not usurpation -- it is the manner in which the rule of law is preserved in this nation . It is certainly true that sometimes courts , and even the Supreme Court , have erred in their interpretation of the Constitution , and some legislative acts that clearly were permitted by the Constitution have been struck down . But if the ACA 's individual mandate is rejected , this will be fully within the legitimate exercise of judicial powers . Opinion : Supreme Court is playing with fire This is because , as was made clear in the recent arguments in the court , that mandate , for the very first time in history , is an attempt to compel virtually every adult American to participate in commerce . It is not an attempt to regulate commerce -- which the Constitution permits -- but is , instead , an attempt to create and compel commerce , which the Constitution does not authorize . The Tenth Amendment to the United States Constitution , a measure regarded as fundamental by those who argued for the passage of the Bill of Rights in 1791 , provides that the powers not granted to the federal government are reserved to the states and the people thereof . As the Supreme Court told us in the Lopez  1995  and Morrison  2000  cases , this means that there must be some limits on the powers of the federal government , and it also means that the basic law-making power , the police power , must reside in the governments closest to the people themselves , the state and local governments . This is our tradition , and the ACA 's individual mandate is a fundamental break with that tradition . If , as it should , the Supreme Court declares the individual mandate unconstitutional , it will be reaffirming our traditions , and not usurping them . The president , a former constitutional law teacher , should be ashamed of himself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stephen B. Presser .	President said top court would break with precedent if it overturns the health care law Stephen Presser says Obama , who taught constitutional law , should know better He says the Supreme Court has long exercised power to overturn unconstitutional laws Presser : Judicial review does n't usurp Congress ' power ; it maintains the rule of law
Getting to the chinstrap penguin colony along the Antarctic Peninsula is n't for the fainthearted . To reach the finger of land that juts out from the frozen continent 's western coast , you have to first face the stormy Drake Passage . But the risks are worth it . Gliding through the waters of Orne Harbor , you may encounter humpback and minke whales , leopard and fur seals , and cormorants and other seabirds . Greeting you onshore is the sight of hundreds of squawking penguins tending their young . Still unimpressed ? Then hike up the 935-foot Spigot Peak for awe-inspiring panoramic views of the world 's last great wilderness . Best adventure travel destinations of 2014 Challenging experiences like Quark Expeditions ' guided trip from Argentina to Antarctica remind us that the toughest journeys are often the most memorable . And in an age where time is treated as a commodity , arriving at a destination through toil and sweat is becoming a lost art . America 's most visited tourist attractions Adventure plays a key role in T+L 's bucket list of 101 experiences every traveler should know -- gleaned from our network of correspondents and tastemakers . But not every escapade requires traveling to the ends of the earth or pushing your body 's limits . David Chang , the chef behind the Momofuku restaurant empire , favors fly-fishing in Jackson Hole , Wyoming . Other all-American adventures include driving down the dramatic Pacific Coast Highway , with a stop at the Redwood Grill for a pulled-pork sandwich , and paying a visit to the millennia-old sequoias in Yosemite 's Mariposa Grove  documentary filmmaker Ken Burns 's pick  . America 's best road trips For thrill-seekers , there are the serious adrenaline rushes : white-water rafting through the Class Four rapids of the Salmon River 's Middle Fork in central Idaho or heli-skiing in British Columbia 's Bugaboo Mountains . America 's favorite towns And you do n't always need to leave the big city behind . You can channel your inner race-car driver at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway , zooming from zero to 60 mph in 3 1/2 seconds in a Ferrari F430 GT . If you 're seeking a gentler pace , consider a stay at Campi Ya Kanzi , a community-owned lodge in eastern Kenya where Masai trackers lead guests through the savanna and cloud forest . Visit Travel + Leisure for more life-changing adventures and our tips on how to tackle them .	The toughest journeys are often the most memorable Take a look at T+L 's bucket list of 101 experiences every traveler should know You do n't always need to leave the big city behind or push your body to the limit
CNN  -- The five writers knew a little about each other before they decided to pile into an SUV and embark upon a tour of five Southern states in seven days . But there 's probably no quicker way to get to know someone than by spending a week logging thousands of highway miles , sharing hotel rooms  and sometimes beds  while visiting new cities , like traveling salesmen . The women of the Southern Summer Comfort Book Tour came together in the kind of self-funded promotional stunt that seems to be the norm for independent writers on small presses , which often lack the resources to support a book tour . Fortunately , the five bonded over a diet of whiskey , gas-station food and a shared love of writing . "  We were all slightly dreadful at first , " author Chloe Caldwell said before a reading on the tour 's last stop in Atlanta 's Beep Beep Gallery . "  Now , we 're like best friends . Spending all that time together can do that . Or it makes you hate each another , but luckily , that did n't happen to us . " Caldwell , 26 , was hawking her new collection of essays , "  Legs Get Led Astray . " "  There are days when I prefer the boys I baby-sit to the adult boys in my life . To be a babysitter is to be part actor , part therapist , part housekeeper , part friend , part playmate , part athlete , part mom , part dad , part chef , part chauffeur , part waiter , and part saint , which I am not . " -- From "  Legs Get Led Astray "  Future Tense , 2012  by Chloe Caldwell . With fewer titles accounting for a larger share of what Americans read , the tours serve as reminders that independent writers and small presses are alive and well , providing alternatives to the "  blockbuster " titles that get most of the publicity in mainstream media . Initiatives such as The Lit Pub and Vouched Books , which helped publicize the Southern Summer Comfort Book Tour , promote small press literature through a variety of efforts . Efforts like setting up pop-up "  guerrilla bookstores " at readings and art events remind people that great words are being written on small presses , said Laura Straub with Vouched Books . The writers on this tour were already familiar with each other 's work through the "  vaguely incestuous " world of online writing , said writer Elizabeth Ellen , 43 , who assembled the lineup and booked the venues . The route from Texas to Georgia was based on a book tour that Ellen 's husband did a few years ago and resulted from equal parts convenience and curiosity . Two of the writers , Mary Miller and Brandi Wells , already lived in the region -- Austin and Tuscaloosa , respectively . The rest were scattered north of the Mason-Dixon line and had n't spent much time in the cities on the itinerary . A tour of the "  dirty South " gave them a theme to work around , Miller said . Each writer brought her own personality and literary sensibility to the "  super trashy and weird " group aesthetic of cut-offs and matching T-shirts . That included a liberal attitude toward alcohol consumption before , during and after the readings . "  We 're taking ourselves on tour , so to take ourselves too seriously would be kind of embarrassing , " said Ellen , a co-editor of the Hobart literary journal and keeper of the Bulleit Bourbon bottle  which actually contained Maker 's Mark  that was passed around before readings . "  I did n't cook and it was Thanksgiving so we went to Old Country Buffet . It was after eight and they were already out of turkey . We ate macaroni & cheese and fish sticks and pudding and talked about Columbine . Eli and I had watched Elephant the week before . We were watching a different Gus Van Sant movie every week . All we did was watch movies , smoke cigarettes and weed . " -- from "  Middle School Sex "  Future Tense , 2012  by Elizabeth Ellen . Writers , especially those on small presses , build hype for their books in a variety of creative ways , said Amy McDaniel , who runs Solar Anus , the poetry and fiction reading series that hosted the group 's last stop in Atlanta . Some organize their own tours while others set up readings when visiting cities on other business , she said . Then there are contests and giveaways and oddball ploys for audience engagement . Poet Heather Christle included a temporary phone number in her book and on Twitter and invited readers to call her . Chapbook press Safety Third Enterprises publicized its newest book , "  Every Laundromat in the World " by Mel Bosworth , with a photo contest and poetry bomb challenge . The Southern Summer Comfort Book Tour was partly funded with a Kickstarter campaign that raised $ 1,300 to help pay for some of the authors ' airfare so they could meet and kick off the tour in Austin . Beyond that , they ponied up their own cash for the rental car , gas , lodging , food and admission to the home of American author William Faulkner in Oxford , Mississippi . In between driving and sleeping , they read to audiences in a puppet theater in New Orleans , bars bookstores and bars in Austin , Houston , New Orleans , Oxford and Tuscaloosa before their last stop in Atlanta . While the tour 's name might imply many late-night parties , most nights they were asleep before 12 , exhausted from constant driving and performing . The schedule was tight due to their full-time obligations , said Donora Hillard , who is pursuing a PhD in rhetoric and composition from Wayne State University in Michigan . "  Jeff Bridges tickles his aloe plants . He shivers and farts because That s -- is poison , man , and better out than in . This he tells you in the voice of God . You walk . He says you are already dead and you climb inside his ear . There is his silver mane , then an ocean , then a universe . " -- from "  Theology of the Body "  Gold Wake Press , 2010  by Donora Hillard . Hillard acknowledged that she probably fit in least with the tour 's "  trashy " theme , but relished the opprtunity to step outside academia for a bit to interface with readers . "  I love performing and having the opportunity to speak to an audience , " Hillard said . "  If we 're not affecting the audience , we 're not doing our job . " Besides , she could n't pass up a chance to spend time with other writers whose work she respected , even if the food and lodging left much to be desired . "  We were joking that it could 've been called the Combos and Rollos tour because of all the gas station food we ate , " said 35-year-old Miller , a Michener Fellow at the University of Texas . Expectations of publicity were also low , apparently . Miller said her publisher laughed when she said CNN had expressed interest in attending the Atlanta reading and joked that it must have been a slow news week . Yet , thanks to publicity from Solar Anus and Vouched Books , which promotes small press literature , attendees occupied all the folding chairs in the one-room gallery while the rest sat on the floor , beer cans in hand . "  What do you feel like doing tonight ? he asks . This is your least favorite question the man asks . When he asks you this question , you feel very tired . You realize you do n't want to do anything except sit on his couch , drink beer , and watch TV on the big screen . You do n't have a big screen in your apartment . There is also never any alcohol in your apartment because you drink it all up , immediately . You want to watch America 's Got Talent , but you ca n't say this . You 'll have to flip through the channels and casually stop on it and say , is that guy double-jointed ? Let 's just watch this for just a second , and then a group of nasty dancers will come on or a water skiing squirrel and it would be impossible to change the channel then . " -- From "  They Could No Longer Contain Themselves : A Collection of Five Flash Chapbooks "  Rose Metal , 2011  by Mary Miller . It was n't exactly the most comfortable spot in the dead of summer , crammed among 40 or so strangers , front and back doors of the gallery open because the air-conditioning was useless . If the sweatbox atmosphere bothered anyone , it was n't immediately apparent as they listened attentively , laughing and listening as each author read from her book . Wells , 28 , got into the spirit by sharing a bottle of white wine wrapped in a paper bag with a friend from her hometown of Vidalia , Georgia . A highlight of the trip for her was throwing beignets at rats on the side of the Mississippi River in New Orleans . "  Perfect love is crawling inside another body and finding a miniature replica of myself , stealing the replica because I fear its destruction , and painting it with a semi-gloss lacquer to ensure its longevity . Somewhere there is a room of min-iatures formed to look like me , or almost like me . I worry there is a group of people searching for this room and they desire to burn it to ashes and to burn themselves to ashes and to insert those ashes into my body . " -- From "  Poisonhorse "  Mud Luscious Press , 2012  by Brandi Wells . A guest author joined the group for most of their readings , with the Atlanta event featuring Scott McClanahan , who had driven nearly seven hours to read for 10 minutes . He left shortly after the event , while guests milled about outside the gallery , smoking cigarettes , and Wells and Miller hula-hooped . Would you be more likely to show up for a creatively themed book reading than a standard one ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	Indie writers launch self-funded fast-paced book tour of the South to promote work Tour shows there 's still an audience for small press lit in era of blockbuster novels Women on Southern Summer Comfort Book Tour shared car , hotel rooms , beds "  To take ourselves too seriously would be kind of embarrassing , " writer says
Financial Times  -- Nasdaq OMX 's chief executive admitted he was "  embarrassed " by the delay in the opening trade of Facebook 's initial public offering and revealed that the exchange was in talks with regulators over potentially millions of dollars of customer claims . Bob Greifeld said on Sunday that the 20-minute delay in trading of Facebook 's $ 16bn offering on Friday had been caused by a millisecond systems blip due to the largest IPO auction "  in the history of mankind " . The exchange has found itself in the spotlight after Facebook failed to deliver a first-day "  pop " to investors , instead almost falling below its issuing price of $ 38 . The shares , having risen briefly , quickly fell away to close the day with a gain of just 0.6 per cent , at $ 38.23 . As a result of the trading delay , Nasdaq was left with a position in Facebook shares that it had to liquidate , according to its own rules , generating $ 10m for the group . It plans to use that money to resolve disputes related to 30m shares that may have been the subject of improper trades , and has requested approval from the US Securities and Exchange Commission to do so , said Mr Greifeld . The SEC said on Friday it would "  review " the incident . The glitch , coming just weeks after BATS Global Markets was forced to withdraw its IPO after technical problems , highlighted the fragile nature of modern equity markets , in which exchanges must handle many thousands of messages a second transmitted by high-frequency traders . Mr Greifeld defended Nasdaq 's performance , citing its role in Facebook 's trading over the whole of the session , which saw more than 580m shares change hands , the largest ever number for an IPO . "  These problems are real and we have to improve from the performance we had on Friday , " Mr Greifeld said . "  We stand humbly embarrassed by that . But the rest of the day ... the system performed well . " Nasdaq has now laid out the details of the glitch . In spite of testing 1bn in trading volumes under 100 scenarios , the exchange was caught by surprise when cancellations of trades kept interrupting the computer system 's attempt to complete the auction and produce an initial price for Facebook 's opening . Nasdaq says it designed its "  IPO cross " , the process of calculating the opening price , in such a way that would allow continuous trading through an auction at the behest of its customers and has used the system in previous IPOs . But in processing the huge volume of Facebook trades , it added two milliseconds to the time it took to produce an opening price . In that extra two milliseconds , orders to cancel the trades kept interrupting the auction process , or as Mr Greifeld put it , "  fitting in between the raindrops " . Mr Greifeld said : "  On a real time basis with the pressure of the world upon us ... we intercepted this cross in a loop . " He said there was no discussion at any point of cancelling the IPO . Facebook and Morgan Stanley declined to comment on Nasdaq 's description of the events of the day . As a result of the glitch the exchange decided to print the opening trade manually but was then forced to delay the process of confirming individual trades . The mechanism has now been altered to prevent continuous quoting during IPO auctions , Mr Greifeld said . "  We had a poor design for the Facebook opening cross IPO . We recognise the design has relative merit for investors where we give them maximum optionality , but it did n't ' work in this scenario . " Nasdaq has identified trading orders for some 30m shares that came in between 11.11 am and 11.30 am , when trading actually began . It estimates that 50 per cent of those may have been orders not executed at the IPO price , as traders may have expected them to be . But it is still investigating to determine how many grievances are legitimate . Mr Greifeld said Nasdaq was "  working very hard with customers to make sure about the accommodations we give to respective customers " . Eric Noll , executive vice-president at Nasdaq , said there were no other "  systematic " technical problems . Nasdaq 's board of directors had been informed over the weekend of Friday 's events , Mr Greifeld said . When asked if he thought his job was safe , he said : "  I certainly hope so . I obviously serve at the pleasure of the board . " The exchange group had pushed hard to win the Facebook IPO from its rival New York Stock Exchange , as it seeks supremacy in listings for internet companies that make up one of the few vibrant sectors of the new issue market . Mr Greifeld responded directly to arguments that Nasdaq 's delay played a role in Facebook 's stock failing to "  pop " . Some market participants have said the delayed confirmations caused confusion and prevented some buyers stepping in to the market to support Facebook 's stock price . "  You want to look at whether your position is moving up or down . Without that , there was a lot of pressure to liquidate , " said one trader at a market-making firm . However , Mr Greifeld said that the record did not support that theory , noting that after the delayed trades were made live at 1.50 pm , traders did not buy at the $ 42.05 level that was the initial print . "  That would lead a reasonable person to conclude -LSB- the opening cross print delay -RSB- did n't have any impact on the stock price , " he said . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Nasdaq OMX 's chief executive admitted he was "  embarrassed " by the delay in the opening trade 20-minute delay in Facebook trading had been caused by a millisecond systems blip
CNN  -- Germany has only produced two Formula One champions , but they are two of the greatest drivers the sport has ever known -- and they can thank one man for spotting their nascent talent . Michael Schumacher and Sebastian Vettel have won 11 world titles between them , winning renown across the globe for their record-breaking feats . And the story of their success started in the small town of Kerpen , where Gerhard Noack is known as the man who finds champions at the local go-kart club . It was at this innocuous circuit , carved out of an old gravel pit , that Noack first spotted the potential of Germany 's two giants of motorsport . But his involvement in karting happened almost by accident . "  I got to know the Schumacher family , the father and mother , " Noack explained to CNN 's The Circuit in a rare television interview . "  That 's when I first really found out about kart sport . "  That way I also met Michael Schumacher , and I enjoyed it so much , us both being in motorsport , that I stuck with it . " Schumacher grew up in Kerpen , where he graduated from a homemade kart at the age of four to become the benchmark for F1 . The 44-year-old , who began his F1 career in 1991 , won a record seven world championships before retiring for a second time more than 20 years after his debut season . It is a little ironic that after being introduced to karting by the Schumacher family , Noack would go on to mentor the man who is already well on the road to usurping Schumacher 's place in F1 history . Vettel -- dubbed "  Baby Schumi " when he made his F1 debut seven years ago -- has already won four consecutive world titles with Red Bull and collected several of the old maestro 's racing records in the process . All this at the age of just 26 -- no wonder Noack saw his potential as Schumacher 's successor . "  Sebastian was not the first great talent after Michael , " explained Noack , who also coached a generation of German F1 racers that included Ralf Schumacher , Heinz-Harald Frentzen and Nick Heidfeld . "  There are many great race drivers that all came from this club but Sebastian was the first one where I felt a special connection . "  He 's got something that Michael has too , a very special personality , great will and a lot of talent , and that led me to decide to look after him in that way . "  The first time I saw Sebastian was in 1996 . He was a bambini driver and racing in Kerpen . "  We were watching a race particularly closely and it was in the rain . Some of the drivers had changed to rain tires , Sebastian continued to drive with slicks  dry weather tires  . "  He was very dominant compared to the others even without rain tires , and that impressed me so much that I said I want to give it another go and see if I can manage this young driver to get into Formula One . "  After the long gap between Michael and Sebastian , I just decided to approach the Vettel family and try to support such a young driver . " Noack decided to temporarily rent out his business to help guide Vettel 's career or , in his own words , "  smooth the way for him . " "  After all those years in motorsport I knew a few important people and , thank god , we were lucky to always find the right people at the right time to support Sebastian , " the businessman explained . "  I myself was his mechanic , his coach , all those things that you need in karting . We went to the races together , we lived together , at the weekends at least , and the family was always there , too . "  I did everything that was needed also to sort out the financial background , to find the right people and the right sponsors , and luckily we always did . " Those connections helped him sign Vettel to Red Bull Racing 's junior academy at the age of 13 . After a stint as a reserve for the BMW Sauber team , the young racer began his first full season in F1 with Red Bull 's junior Toro Rosso team in 2008 . This year Vettel became one of just four men to win the F1 world title four times , and Noack predicts his former charge could one day surpass all Schumacher has achieved . "  I believe that Sebastian will certainly be able to get the seven titles , " Noack said . "  But a lot depends on whether the team he 's with at the time is competitive . . "  At the moment there really is no need to change the team . Red Bull are great , it 's where the best people are , and he proves it at every race . "  At some point he might change the team . I think in the next few years there is no question about it . " Schumacher , who won his world titles with Benetton and Ferrari , recently conceded in an interview with his former Mercedes team that he is happy for Vettel to take over his mantle . "  If someone can break all these records then I prefer him to do it than somebody else , " said Schumacher , who Vettel cited as his inspiration growing up . "  I did what I did in my time and he 's doing it in his time -- I 'm glad it is him in the end . " Schumacher bowed out of the F1 spotlight at the end of 2012 after a second career with the Silver Arrows , and revealed since his retirement that he too has been helping find the next generation of racing stars . "  I 'm looking after young drivers in the go-kart area , " explained Schumacher , who occasionally returns to Kerpen to drop in on his racing alma mater . Vettel is likely to be in the spotlight for many years to come , but he too stays in touch with his roots -- and the man who helped his talent grow . "  The last time we talked in person was at the Nurburgring  home of the German Grand Prix  , " revealed Noack . "  Since he won his fourth title we have only been able to speak on the phone . I hope we will have time again to go out for a meal or have time for a longer chat . "  We have very little time for each other , but that will improve in the winter months . " And does Noack see a changein the boy who has become Red Bull 's all-conquering racer ? "  He has grown up , that 's the only thing that 's changed about him , " Noack reflected . "  Other than that he is , in my view at least , still the same Sebastian that he was when he was eight years old . I never notice that anything much has changed about him . "  He always worked hard , and above all , he has the will to persevere , always challenging his opponents , and ultimately winning . "  That 's always been the case with him and you can still see that in him today . All that and he still remains down to earth . " The same could be said of Noack . He may have nurtured two racing superstars but he is content in Kerpen , running his karting business -- and keeping one eye on track for the next racing prodigy .	Michael Schumacher and Sebastian Vettel were both nurtured by the same man They were guided in their junior careers by Gerhard Noack in the town of Kerpen Noack was introduced to karting through his friendship with the Schumacher family He says four-time champion Vettel will eclipse Schumacher 's record seven titles
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A Georgia man suspected of shooting to death a 21-year-old up-and-coming rapper at a ritzy Los Angeles shopping center Monday afternoon is being held on $ 1 million bail , Los Angeles Police said . Rap artist Dolla arrives at the Soul Train Music Awards in Pasadena , California , on March 10 , 2007 . Dolla , whose real name is Roderick Anthony Burton II , was shot in the head about 3:10 p.m. at the Beverly Center , his publicist said . Police later arrested Aubrey Louis Berry , 23 , at Los Angeles International Airport , a Los Angeles Police statement said . No other details were given about Berry , who was arrested on suspicion of murder . Dolla , who was based in Atlanta , Georgia , was in Los Angeles recording his debut album . He caught the attention of multiplatinium R&B singer Akon when the then-12-year-old Dolla was performing with friends at showcases around Atlanta . The two collaborated on Dolla 's first single , "  Who the F -- is That ? " which also featured another high-profile singer , T-Pain . Another Dolla song , "  Feelin ' Myself , " appeared on the soundtrack to the 2006 movie "  Step Up . " According to his MySpace page , Dolla was born in Chicago , Illinois . His twin sister died at birth due to complications from an enlarged heart . The family moved to Atlanta after Dolla 's father committed suicide -- while Dolla , then 5 , and another sister watched from their parents ' bed , the Web page said . Dolla began composing rhymes in elementary school and decided to pursue a career in music . A source close to the record company said Dolla had just arrived in Los Angeles to work on his debut album . Funeral services , which will be held in Atlanta , will be announced later , publicist Sue Vannasing said .	NEW : Aubrey Louis Berry , 23 , of Georgia , being held on $ 1 million bail in shooting The rapper Dolla , based in Atlanta , Georgia , is shot in the head and killed Dolla was at the Beverly Center mall in Los Angeles , his publicist said Dolla , whose real name is Roderick Anthony Burton II , was 21
Washington  CNN  -- More than 50 members of a child pornography ring who engaged in what authorities describe as "  horrific " and "  unspeakable " crimes have been arrested for sexually exploiting children from 12 years old to as young as infants . Top federal law enforcement officials say agents busted the global online pornography ring following an intense international investigation that began in 2009 . The ring , based in the United States , reached across five continents and 14 countries . Seventy-two members of the online site called Dreamboard have been charged in the United States . Officials said 52 of them have been arrested in the U.S. and abroad . The identities of the remaining 20 are unknown at this time . An additional 10 individuals were arrested abroad on charges from other countries . "  In order to become part of the Dreamboard community , prospective members were required to upload pornography portraying children under 12 years of age or younger , " said Attorney General Eric Holder at a Justice Department news conference . "  Once given access , the participants had to continually upload images of child sexual abuse in order to maintain membership . The more content they provided , the more content they were allowed to access . Members who created and shared images and videos of themselves molesting children received elevated status and greater access , " he said . What particularly horrified investigators were "  super-hardcore " posts that involved adults having violent sexual intercourse with "  very young kids " who were being subjected to both physical and sexual abuse . Holder said , "  Some of the children featured in these images and videos were just infants and in many cases , the children being victimized were in obvious and also intentional pain , even in distress and crying , just as the rules for one area of the bulletin board mandated . They had to be in distress and crying . " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said , "  To give you an example of the scope of this forum , the capture and analysis of the forum revealed that the board may have been the vehicle for the distribution of up to 123 terabytes of child pornography , which is roughly equivalent to nearly 16,000 DVDs . ... Additional media recovered from the targets arrested in the United States alone has been found to contain over one million images of child pornography . " About 600 men belonged to the members-only online bulletin board , which has now been taken down . Authorities said the site encouraged and rewarded members who sexually abused young children and made them cry . "  As alleged , Dreamboard had strict rules and a rigid hierarchy . Its membership was tightly controlled by the group 's administrators , " Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer told reporters . "  Applicants to the group were required to upload quote nude or hardcore child pornography to become members and members were required to continue posting additional images every 50 days or risk expulsion . Moreover , members could increase their status based on their level of commitment to the enterprise . From member , to VIP , to Super VIP , to the most elite status of all , Super VIP Dot . Only those members who produced their own child pornography could be granted the status of Super VIP Dot , " Breuer explained . "  The members of this criminal network shared a demented dream to create the pre-eminent online community for the promotion of child sexual exploitation but for the children they victimized this was nothing short of a nightmare , " Holder said . One Justice Department investigator who asked not to be identified because of the ongoing probe said , "  Dozens of young children were directly victimized , " some of whom had been identified by agents working the case . Of the five "  administrators " who managed the online community , one was arrested in Canada and another in France . The three others have not yet been identified by agents following the case and remain at large . "  Operation Delego " was spearheaded by agents of Immigration and Customs Enforcement . John Morton , the head of ICE , said the day marked a law enforcement "  success " but was nonetheless a "  sad " day because of the nature of the crimes involved . "  There are days in this job where it 's hard to separate great success from great sorrow and today is such a day . It 's a day of great success because we 've brought an end to one of the worst instances of Internet child abuse ICE has ever investigated . ... It 's a day of great sorrow because this case is ultimately a tale of the perverse and often violent exploitation of children , very , very young children to satisfy the dark pleasures of a group of adult men , " Morton said . The law enforcement effort has been quietly unfolding in stages during the past few months . Four of the individuals arrested have already pleaded guilty , and all received sentences of more than 20 years in prison . Those sentenced are from Illinois , Alabama , Florida and Kentucky . Those arrested outside the U.S. were picked up by officials in Canada , Denmark , Ecuador , France , Germany , Hungary , Kenya , the Netherlands , the Philippines , Qatar , Serbia , Sweden and Switzerland . Holder said , "  It 's hard for me to imagine that there will ever be a penalty that could appropriately deal with this kind of conduct . Twenty to 30 years that the people have gotten in the past is , from my perspective , barely sufficient to handle what they have done in damaging the lives of these young people . " CNN 's Senior Producer Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	Fifty-two people have been arrested so far in the U.S. , 4 have pleaded guilty , officials say 10 more men have been charged abroad U.S. attorney general : Members allegedly traded images "  of adults molesting young children " Some children in images and videos were infants , officials said
At first blush , Francois Hollande seems comically ill-suited in the role as ardent seducer of fetching actresses . And in many respects the astonishing allegations of his secret love trysts are like the improbable plot of a door-slamming French farce . Hollande 's alleged sexual escapades , revealed by the gossip magazine "  Closer , " are buzzing through the French media and burning up Twitter streams gushing with shock , sniggering and outrage that so much attention is being devoted to something so irrelevant to affairs of state . Yet , at a time when the French are tired of reading how depressed they are , claims of Hollande 's bedroom romp may well be a welcome distraction . It may even help him in the polls . Hollande is nonetheless threatening legal action against "  Closer " for privacy invasion . That gesture itself is extraordinary for two reasons . First , Hollande has not denied the affair with 41-year-old actress Julie Gayet -- the magazine has pulled its article from its online edition under pressure from Gayet 's lawyers , but says that does not mean its claims are inaccurate . France 's first lady hospitalized after report of Hollande 's affair ` Bizarrely comical ' Second , in the past Hollande 's predecessors in the Elysee Palace -- notably Francois Mitterrand and Jacques Chirac -- never had to worry about the French press reporting their feminine conquests . Until recently , a media omerta protected the private lives of French politicians from the kind of intense scrutiny that British and American politicians are well accustomed . If the "  Closer " photo spread is accurate , Hollande 's secret assignations with Julie Gayet were bizarrely comical . He was allegedly slipping out the back door of the Elysee Palace , hopping on a scooter and buzzing through the streets of Paris on his way to Gayet 's apartment . There 's a claim that presidential bodyguard brought croissants to the love nest in the morning . Touching , perhaps , but not very presidential if true . One can only imagine how Hollande 's official companion , Valerie Trierweiler , reacted to reports of such assignations . Trierweiler met Hollande when she was a reporter for "  Paris Match " magazine . He left his long-time common-law wife , Segolene Royal -- the mother of his four children -- for Trierweiler before the 2012 presidential election . According to the claims in "  Closer , " it would seem he may now have replaced Trierweiler with Gayet , though Trierweiler still occupies one wing of the Elysee Palace . ` Time-honored tradition ' In that respect , Hollande would be adhering to a time-honored French tradition of official mistresses stretching back to the Bourbon kings . Louis XV fell under the influence of the Marquise de Pompadour , who was his "  favorite " at court . A century later Napoleon III was an indefatigable seducer of alluring courtesans . In the Third Republic , George Clemenceau was an infamous womanizer ; and Felix Faure famously died in 1899 while enjoying the lascivious attentions of his mistress in the Elysee Palace . The corpulent and affable Hollande may have learned the hard way that , unlike his political mentor Mitterrand , he can not count on media complicity about his personal indiscretions . He could have realized that while watching Nicolas Sarkozy 's personal crises fill the headlines . When the former French president 's wife Cecilia left him for another man , "  Paris Match " published a photo of Cecilia and her new boyfriend . And when Sarkozy began courting the fashion model Carla Bruni , their romance was all over the press , much of it stage-managed by Sarkozy . French vs. Anglo-American media Traditionally , French and Anglo-American media behavior regarding the private lives of public figures have been a study in contrast . The standard explanation is that the French media never reported on private lives because the French simply do n't care about the personal vices of their leaders . The Anglo-Saxon press , on the other , have shown a prurient interest in private vices to pander to a pervasive "  Puritanical " culture in America and Britain . This may explain why Anglo-American politicians caught with their pants down tend to confess and resign -- or in some cases wheel out wife and children and apologize abjectly , then resign under pressure shortly afterwards . In France , by contrast , politicians tend to sue and stay in office . If French politicians can count on Catholic indulgence in their vices , the law is also on their side . That changed when Dominique Strauss-Kahn -- who was favored over Hollande as Socialist candidate for the French presidency -- was arrested in New York for sexual assault . At first the French media establishment was stunned . The old omerta rules did n't apply in this case . Not only was a criminal act alleged but it was alleged to have taken place in America , where different media laws and attitudes applied . Many in the French establishment fulminated against Anglo-Saxon press abuses in sensationalizing the DSK scandal , but the fact is that the French media jumped in . With the Hollande sex scandal , the French political establishment is predictably coming to his defense and condemning the tabloid excesses of "  Closer . " But again , it has n't stopped the mainstream French media from covering the story . Legal differences Beyond Anglo vs. French cultural differences , the law is another factor . While there are distinctions between American and British law , generally speaking the press can report on private lives if claims can be proved to be true . Truth is the test . French law , by contrast , is indifferent to truth . In France , protecting personal privacy trumps the truth . In France numerous politicians and celebrities have successfully sued gossip magazines for violating their privacy . In most cases , however , damages awarded are relatively modest . "  Closer " magazine -- even if it loses a lawsuit brought by Hollande -- will likely pay a small fine compared with the huge profits from newsstand sales of the alleged Hollande sex scandal edition . French law , even if strict on privacy matters , is increasingly becoming irrelevant with the explosion of social media networks such as Twitter and Facebook . French courts have no extra-territorial jurisdiction over anyone tweeting , posting and commenting outside of France about Hollande 's sexual escapades . Even in France , it 's impossible for Hollande , or any other public figure , to bring lawsuits against everyone who has violated their privacy on Twitter or Facebook . The alleged Hollande sexual scandal proves that the old media omerta rules and predictable legal gesticulations do n't work anymore in France . It 's a new game with new rules .	Closer magazine has alleged Hollande is having an affair with actress Julie Gayet Hollande , who was elected President in 2012 , lives with partner Valerie Trierweiler Matthew Fraser says a media omerta that protected politicians ' private lives is ending And he says French privacy laws are increasingly irrelevant in the social media world
CNN  -- One of the world 's oldest sports may have lost its grip in the Olympic Games . The Executive Board of the International Olympic Committee announced Tuesday that it has recommended dropping wrestling from the Summer Games beginning in 2020 . "  Wrestling will now join the seven shortlisted sports -- baseball/softball , karate , roller sports , sport climbing , squash , wakeboarding and wushu -- vying for inclusion in the 2020 Olympic program as an additional sport , " the IOC said in a statement . The governing body for the sport in the United States was so appalled at the decision , it started a Facebook page , "  Keep Wrestling in the Olympics . " In a statement , USA Wrestling Chief Executive Officer Scott Blackmun said , "  It is important to remember that today 's action is a recommendation , and we hope that there will be a meaningful opportunity to discuss the important role that wrestling plays in the sports landscape both in the United States and around the world . " At a meeting in Russia in May , representatives from the eight sports will make presentations for inclusion in the 2020 Games . The Executive Board will recommend one . The final word will come in a vote at the IOC 's general session in Argentina in September . Whichever sport is chosen will join the 25 sports the IOC listed Tuesday as core sports for 2020 : athletics  track and field  , rowing , badminton , basketball , boxing , canoeing , cycling , equestrian , fencing , football  soccer  , gymnastics , weightlifting , handball , field hockey , judo , swimming , modern pentathlon , taekwondo , tennis , table tennis , shooting , archery , triathlon , sailing and volleyball . Wrestling will be included in the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro . Opponents of the decision also took to Twitter , posting to the hashtag #SaveOlympicWrestling . "  The IOC has found a way , besides alien invasion , to unite Americans , Russians and Iranians . Fight begins anew , " tweeted K.J. Pilcher , a multimedia journalist in Iowa , a hotbed for the sport . Kurt Angle , who won an Olympic gold medal before becoming a professional wrestler , wrote , "  Show Your Love for the Sport . IOC Must Reverse Decision . Trend It Worldwide . " Others wondered how sports like equestrian and disciplines like race walking and rhythmic gymnastics survived . And as people are wont to do these days , they turned to the White House petition site , creating two asking the president to put pressure on the IOC to overturn its decision and one to boycott the Games if wrestling is not included . They each had fewer than 5,000 signatures as of Tuesday afternoon . Wrestling has been a part of all but one of the modern Olympic Games since their inception in 1896 , missing only the 1900 Games in Paris . Indeed , the website for Rio 2016 cites wrestling as "  one of the longest practiced sports -- perhaps only losing to athletics . " "  There are records of fights dating back to 3000 BC , and the sport was part of the Olympic Games of Antiquity , " the website says . The sport has been contested in two styles , Greco-Roman and freestyle , since the 1920 Games in Belgium . Seventy-two wrestling medals were awarded at the London Olympics last year . So why , with such a rich history , is wrestling fighting with wakeboarding and wushu for survival ? "  In an effort to ensure the Olympic Games remain relevant to sports fans of all generations , the Olympic Programme Commission systematically reviews every sport following each edition of the Games , " the IOC said in its statement Tuesday . "  Nonsense , " said the International Federation of Associated Wrestling Styles , headquartered in Switzerland . The group says it represents wrestlers from 180 countries , including many where wrestling is the national sport and the only sport that gives athletes a route to participation in the Games . Federation officials will meet this week in Thailand to discuss the IOC 's decision and how to make a case for wrestling at the May IOC Executive Board meeting . Meanwhile , on the message boards of TheMat.com , the official website of USA Wrestling , posters were calling the IOC decision the death of the sport in the U.S. "  You know what this means it is dead . What reasons do universities now have to keep programs that are not revenue sports that are not Olympic Sports , " wrote one . "  The day of reckoning has arrived for our beautiful sport . What a sad , sad course of events , " wrote another . But at least one poster saw some logic in the IOC 's popularity reasoning and pointed at mixed martial arts , the combination of boxing , wrestling and martial arts that is drawing legions of new fans . "  It 's time to join forces with mma , because of its growing world wide popularity , and secure our growth and future as an essential part of its makeup . If we do not make this connection , we present ourselves as a single , fringe sport on the outside of popular " culture , one poster wrote . The host city for the 2020 Summer Games will be chosen in September . Istanbul , Tokyo and Madrid are the finalists . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Zayn Nabbi and Tom McGowan contributed to this report .	NEW : Opponents take fight to Internet , creating Facebook page , online petitions Wrestling to compete with seven other sports for spot in 2020 Games Wrestling has been a part of all Games but one since 1896 IOC says sports selected based on relevance to sports fans
LifeWire  -- When George Dello of San Diego was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and told he had at best five months to live , he did n't immediately begin the chemotherapy treatments his doctor recommended . Instead , he and his wife , Pam , drove up the California coast and spent a week among the redwoods north of San Francisco . Expert : Family and friends can help the terminally ill by spending time with them . "  These trees are 5 feet wide and 150 feet tall , " said Dello , 43 . "  They still have another 150 feet to grow and are going to stick around for another 1,000 years . When I thought about that , I 'm just a flea on the bark . It 's unbelievable . " The trip offered Dello , who worked in the auto repossession business , and his wife a chance to come to terms with the diagnosis in August 2008 , and to scratch the trip to the redwood forests off his life "  to do " list while he was still relatively healthy . He died four months later . The idea that dying well is as important as living well gained cultural currency last year when Randy Pausch , a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon University , delivered a final lecture a month after learning that his pancreatic cancer had spread and was inoperable . The lecture was viewed millions of times on the Internet and adapted into a best-selling book . "  We can not change the cards we are dealt , " Pausch , who died in July at age 47 , told his audience , "  just how we play the hand . " "  Die the way you live " It 's easy , experts say , for terminally ill patients and their loved ones to focus so much on their medical care and other important practical matters , including funerals and wills , that a "  good " death eludes them . Health permitting , a trip like the one Dello took with his wife can help , as can visits from friends and family . "  You 're going to die the way you live , " says Fran Moreland Johns , a former hospice volunteer and author of "  Dying Unafraid . " "  Laughter , music , all of the things that have been important in your life -- if you put them to work for making your end times better , you can actually affect your dying days . " "  That 's where Randy Pausch has set a wonderful example . He brought all of his skills to bear on living until the moment he died . " Tony Wallace , a retired foreign service officer from Arlington , Virginia , went on a Caribbean cruise with his wife , Susan , after he learned in September 2004 that he had amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS . As his illness progressed , Wallace , a former adjunct professor of public policy at George Mason University , put his teaching and writing skills to work by starting a blog , "  Navigating Through ALS , " and using it as a platform to help others suffering from the disease . "  I 'm not a compiler of life lists of things I never got to do and places I never got to visit , " Wallace wrote in December 2007 . "  I look back on my life to date and view it as a well-judged race -- like a NASCAR race in which you do n't set the speed record , but you do n't crash , handle the curves well , and deliver a respectable performance . " Wallace died September 4 , 2008 at age 67 . Susan Wallace , a part-time editor , says her husband 's illness , while painful and difficult , offered an opportunity of sorts . "  If I had to choose between a long-term illness and an immediate death , I think I would go for a long-term illness , although it was hard on both of us , " she says . "  But the last four years have been incredible years , probably the best years of our marriage . We became closer than we ever were . " For friends and family Friends and family can help tremendously simply by showing up , says Kathy Brandt , vice president of professional leadership , consumer and caregiver services for the National Hospice and Palliative Care Organization . Often , she says , people worry so much about what to say to someone with a terminal illness -- or about saying the wrong thing -- that they just stay away . "  We need to put aside our selfish fears , " says Brandt . "  That may sound a little harsh , but it 's not really about us . " One way to avoid saying the wrong thing is to steer clear of cliches , she says . " ` God has a reason ' or ` tomorrow will be another day ' -- those kinds of things are trite , but they 're also impersonal , " says Brandt . "  If the person wants to chat and talk , then just ask a question or two and let the person talk . If the person 's not physically well enough to do a lot of talking , ask if they 'd like to hear a story about something that happened at work , or saying , ` Would you like me to read a story to you ? ' It 's all about figuring out where the person is at and meeting them where they are . " Visits can be used to tie up loose ends or resolve old conflicts , says Brandt . Susan Wallace says her husband had time to repair one particularly nagging rift before he died , and Dello also took opportunities to resolve disputes with friends and former co-workers . "  Most people at the end of their life need closure , " says Brandt . "  If they 've offended someone or had an argument with somebody , they can say they 're sorry . Oftentimes they like the opportunity to say goodbye to people . They may not say those words , but that 's what those visits can be with friends and loved ones . " In Johns ' view , the biggest hurdle for most people is overcoming their fear of the unknown and realizing that , for most , death "  is not the worst thing that 's going to happen . " "  We do n't know what dying is , " says Johns . "  Whatever your religious background , it 's easier for us to ignore death and pretend that it does n't happen than to accept it as an unknown with all the other unknowns -- in this day and age there are a lot of them -- and deal with what we can and not be so spooked . " LifeWire provides original and syndicated content to Web publishers . William Lamb is a staff writer for The Record of Bergen County , New Jersey . His writing has appeared in Dwell , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch , the Philadelphia Inquirer and at USATODAY.com .	Randy Pausch set an example of a good death for the terminally ill Author : He used his skills to go on "  living until the moment he died " Hospice official : People avoid the sick , worrying too much about what to say Visits can be used by dying to tie up loose ends or heal rifts
CNN  -- Frustrated that you ca n't share files the size of your entire music collection via e-mail ? Google wants to help . Gmail users can now send files of up to 10 GB using Google Drive , the Web giant 's cloud-storage service . That 's 400 times bigger than files that can be shared in a regular e-mail , according to a blog post by Google 's Gmail team . And because the files are stored in the cloud , all recipients will always have the latest version of the file -- in the case of a document that 's being amended over time , for example . How a fake Google news story spread online "  So whether it 's photos from your recent camping trip , video footage from your brother 's wedding , or a presentation to your boss , all your stuff is easy to find and easy to share with Drive and Gmail , " the post reads . Drive , and before that Google Docs , already allowed users to share large files . But the new feature is more streamlined , letting them do so without leaving Gmail . Launched in April , Google Drive offers users 5 GB of free storage , with each additional 25 GB going for $ 2.49 . The move is part of an ongoing effort by Google to synchronize its various services , from Gmail to social network Google Plus to the Android mobile operating system . The ability to sync with Gmail offers Google a built-in edge over standalone cloud storage tools like Dropbox . "  Should services like Dropbox be concerned ? Sort of , " wrote Ricardo Bilton of VentureBeat . "  As the move shows , Google 's core strength is in its ability to connect and integrate its various services -- even the unpopular ones -- into one cohesive product . This gives Drive a clear edge over competing standalone cloud services , so expect Google to leverage it as much as possible . " The file-sharing feature will be rolled out over the next few days , according to Google . Users must have opted in to Gmail 's "  Compose " tool in order to use it . Google announced this year that Gmail has more than 425 million active users .	New Gmail tool allows sharing of files up to 10 GB Feature uses Google Drive , the company 's cloud storage 10 GB is 400 times the data currently shareable with Gmail
CNN  -- While the sporting world awaits confirmation of his mega-money new sponsorship deal with Nike , Rory McIlroy has deflected attention to one of the other big stories on golf 's horizon this week -- the naming of the next European Ryder Cup captain . The world No. 1 was part of last year 's winning team , famously triumphing in his final-day singles match after needing a police escort to get to the Medinah course on time . Jose Maria Olazabal stood down after guiding the Europeans to a remarkable come-from-behind win over the U.S. -- and his assistants Darren Clarke and Paul McGinley were initially frontrunners for the 2014 role at Gleneagles in Scotland . However , that changed when the Americans turned once again to Tom Watson , the last U.S. captain to triumph on European soil in 1993 and who won four of his eight major titles at Scottish links courses . Since then Colin Montgomerie has been widely tipped to repeat his 2010 role , when Europe won at Celtic Manor , and the eight-time European Tour money list winner confirmed last week that he would be interested in the leading the team in his home country . "  I thought it was between Darren and Paul until Darren said something , then my name was mentioned , " Montgomerie said ahead of the Volvo Champions event in South Africa , where he finished 18 shots behind Sunday 's victor Louis Oosthuizen . "  I 've never canvassed , as I did n't last time . I 've not spoken to anybody about this . But I 've always felt that if I was asked I would do it and that 's still the case . " However , McIlroy -- who played under Montgomerie -- has firm opinions about who should be captain . "  Ryder Cup captaincy should be a 1-time thing , " the Northern Irishman said on his Twitter page . "  Everybody deserving gets their chance and moves on . Would love to play under Paul McGinley in ' 14 . " Bernard Gallacher , the last man to captain Europe more than once , agreed that Montgomerie should not return . "  Colin said himself , when he was inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame , he intends to compete on the American seniors tour the moment he turns 50 this summer , " the 63-year-old , who was skipper in 1991 , '93 and ' 95 , told the Scottish Daily Record newspaper . "  So he will very quickly become out of touch with the players on the main tour . What message would that send to the other worthy candidates who are queuing up for the job , having earned their right to the captaincy just as much as Colin ? " Paul Lawrie , who tied for seventh at Durban Country Club on Sunday , has also spoken out against the chances of his compatriot Montgomerie . "  He 's had his go . One time job for me , " the 1999 British Open champion wrote on Twitter . However , fellow professional Henrik Stenson , who was on the committee that first appointed Montgomerie , said the 49-year-old might yet be picked again on Tuesday in Abu Dhabi . "  No-one would question his passion for the Ryder Cup and the effort he put into the captaincy in 2010 and I am sure he would do the same and maybe more this time around if he was to be asked . So that might be a possible scenario , " the Swede told the Scotsman newspaper . Olazabal , who finished joint last in the 33-man Volvo Champions tournament , said he would not be interested in taking the job again . "  First of all it 's a lot of energy and time , a huge demand and the pressure is quite big , " the Spaniard told the UK Press Association . "  Even if it was held in Spain again somewhere down the line I would n't do it . Monty has also done it and was successful too . If I was him I would n't do it again , but Monty is his own man . "  I am a strong believer that we have a generation of players that deserve the captaincy -- and some might miss out because there are just too many . I think it 's right to give those guys a chance . " Read : Colsaerts ' driving length stuns rivals The debate , which comes ahead of this week 's Abu Dhabi Championship featuring McIlroy and Tiger Woods , has taken some of the attention off Oosthuizen 's remarkable come-from-behind victory in Durban . The South African has risen to a career-high fourth in the world rankings after wiping out Scott Jamieson 's five-shot lead within the first 11 holes of the final round . The 2010 British Open champion shot six-under-par 66 to win by one stroke , denying the Scot his second win in the city in the space of a month . It was his sixth victory on the European Tour , lifting him up to second in the Race to Dubai standings behind world No. 100 Jamieson , and his seventh top-10 finish in his last eight starts . "  It 's a great start to the year , I knew I had to come out and get my name up there , " the 30-year-old said . Jamieson , who won the Nelson Mandela Championship in December to qualify for the limited field , almost forced a playoff when his eagle chip attempt at the last hole stopped just short of the hole . "  Louis 's a major champion -- there 's no shame in losing to him , " the 29-year-old said . Meanwhile , rookies Russell Henley and Scott Langley took a three-shot lead into the final round of the PGA Tour 's Sony Open in Hawaii on Sunday . The Americans were being chased by South African Tim Clark , while another newcomer -- Australian Scott Gardiner -- was tied for fourth with U.S. tour stalwart Charles Howell .	Rory McIlroy says Colin Montgomerie should not return as European Ryder Cup captain World No. 1 backs Irishman Paul McGinley to step up from vice-captaincy role The 23-year-old Northern Irishman says the skipper 's job should be a "  one-time thing " European captain will be named on Tuesday ahead of Abu Dhabi tournament
CNN  -- For most of us , it 's hard to relate to the images of destruction we see on the television screen . It 's nearly impossible to imaging losing it all . But for the residents of Joplin , it 's all too familiar . Monday 's massive EF5 tornado that tore through 17 miles of Moore , Oklahoma , brought back dark memories for those who survived the similarly powerful twister in Joplin almost two years earlier . Seeing footage of Moore , Oklahoma , takes Jennifer Parr right back to May 22 , 2011 , the day an EF5 tornado ravaged Joplin and killed more than 150 people . "  I can still feel the shock , the awe , the sadness , " she said . "  I can still remember the smell too . It smelled like freshly cut wood . " CNN iReport followed up with Parr and other Joplin tornado survivors to find out how they moved on after the tragedy . They offered the following advice to the people of Moore : ` Let others help you ' Processing emotions has been difficult since Parr lost her entire home in the tornado . Two years later , the 32-year-old continues to work with a therapist . Talking out her struggles has helped her "  move forward and not stay stuck in the past , " she said . "  There are some days it is still hard to comprehend what I went through . " Shock and adrenaline carried her through the first days after the tornado . But after that , she said she did n't know what to do . Parr empathizes with what the people of Moore are going through this week , remembering her own difficult experience . "  Right now it feels impossible to start picking up the pieces , not knowing where to even start , " she recalled . Leaning on friends and family in the area helped as she started to piece her life back together . Her advice to Moore residents is simple : "  Let others help you , even when you think you do n't need the help . " ` With patience we always get it right ' Fernando Martinez hails from a Navy family and spent most of his life moving around . But when his grandparents retired , Joplin became home . The day of the tornado , Martinez , his parents , grandparents and niece were all home together . Everyone survived , but the tornado tore their lives apart . His mother was drained "  emotionally " from the experience , so she and his father uprooted and moved to California . The rest of the family stayed in Joplin . "  I could never leave this town , and I have tried , " said the 25-year-old . "  I just keep coming back . " It was Martinez 's close-knit family and his friends that helped him get through the months of wrangling with insurance companies and repairing the damage to the house . "  I think that when you experience something so traumatic and difficult to understand , you become stronger willed and it hardens your emotions a bit , making you a bit braver , " he said . Moving on though requires living on , Martinez said . "  Life sucks sometimes , and we are sometimes given the worst hands when playing , but with patience , we always get it right and we always win . " ` It helps prevent panic ' Ben Callihan may have returned to his day-to-day life quickly after repairing the $ 2,000 worth of damage to his Joplin home , but the storm affected him psychologically . He and his roommate called their mothers as the twister barreled through their neighborhood . "  The calls lost connection , and when the tornado was next to us it sounded like a clothes dryer , with footballs being kicked at my house every couple of seconds , " he recalled . These days , the 32-year-old lifelong Joplin resident is a lot more wary about inclement weather . "  Twice in the last month during tornado sirens I have sped to the temporary FEMA shelters in another town , " he said , even though he knows that he should hunker down in the nearest available shelter , as FEMA recommends . Callihan , who survived by hiding in his bathtub , has found it comforting to make his way to a shelter even when the weather is less dangerous than a tornado . "  It helps prevent panic , " he explained . He encouraged tornado survivors to take advantage of free counseling and therapy that may be provided in Moore .	Two years ago , a massive tornado swept through Joplin , Missouri , killing 150 people . The anniversary takes place the same week as an EF5 tornado hit Moore , Oklahoma . CNN iReport asked Joplin residents for their advice for the people in Moore .
CNN  -- Three people were killed and a fourth was wounded in a shooting Friday at a lumber company in North Carolina , a county sheriff said . Investigators later found a man witnesses identified as the shooter in his home with a gunshot wound to the head , said Sheriff Dempsey Owens of the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office . Both the fourth victim and the alleged shooter were in critical condition , Owens said . The shooting happened at the McBride Lumber Co. , about a mile north of Star , North Carolina , about 50 miles south of Greensboro , Owens said . All five individuals worked at the company , Owens noted . Investigators summoned to the business around 6:15 a.m. found four people inside who had been shot . Three were dead . A fourth was flown by helicopter to a hospital at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , the sheriff said . Witnesses identified the shooter as 50-year-old Ronald Dean Davis . Law enforcement officers who went to his home discovered him sitting on a couch with a gunshot wound and a rambling six-page note beside him , Owens said . Owens said there 's a "  possibility " Davis was being harassed at work , though he stressed that investigators had not yet identified a motive . Davis , also hospitalized at the university facility , "  knew who he went after , " Owens said . CNN 's Mark Bixler and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Fourth victim and alleged shooter remain in critical condition Four people were shot at a lumber county in North Carolina Three were killed while a fourth was hospitalized Police later found the suspect at home with a gunshot wound to the head
Wired  -- 2011 was supposed to be the year of the tablet . After the 2010 launch of the iPad demonstrated there was a lucrative market for consumer-class slates , all the key consumer electronics manufacturers strapped Android to their would-be iPad killers , hoping to catch up to Apple 's massive lead . But Android tablets are n't selling . iPads still claim over 60 % of global market share , according to IDC research . As technology web site AllThingsD claimed , "  Consumers do n't want tablets , they want iPads . " And , indeed , comparably priced Android competitors have n't stood up to Apple 's two tablets . Now there 's a new approach : Aim low . In September , Amazon wowed us with the unveiling of its Kindle Fire tablet , the first low-priced , high-quality consumer-class tablet to look like a formidable competitor to iPad . Even if it sucks when it finally debuts this fall , at $ 200 the Fire is priced low enough for casual consumers to risk an impulse buy â $ " and now we see other companies chasing that same price-conscious buyer . Following Amazon 's lead , T-Mobile teamed up with Chinese computer company Huawei to create the SpringBoard , a sub - $ 200 tablet positioned to undercut the glut of other Android slates currently shipping . We got some hands-on time with the SpringBoard before it hits the shelves , and overall , it checks out well enough . I did n't expect a sub - $ 200 tablet to feel as substantial as the SpringBoard . It 's got the look of an HTC-made slate , with a sturdy exterior casing and smooth , brushed metal finish . It 's almost as if the HTC Flyer was revamped  or , perhaps , copied  . Just like the Fire and the Flyer , It 's a 7-inch tablet , deviating from the norm of 9 - and 10-inch competitors . With the modest heft of a trade paperback , and the shape of one to boot , it 's comfortable to carry . Under the hood , the SpringBoard sports a 1.2-GHz dual-core processor of yet-to-be-named pedigree . I was able to zip through Android 's Honeycomb menus with relative ease , and regardless of whatever chip Huawei eventually sources for the final shipping product , it 's clear that the hardware I played with was n't skimping on core processing power . The SpringBoard comes with a few features that Amazon 's Fire does n't include : Cameras . Equipped with a 5-megapixel front-facing camera and a 1.3-megapixel back-facing camera , SpringBoard adopters can snap pictures at will . Image quality from the 5-megapixel camera is about what you would expect  i.e. , nothing that would compel you to ditch a DSLR  , but the very inclusion of dual cameras at least puts this tablet in the picture-taking game . That said , taking pictures with a tablet just feels weird . I 've been put off by tablet-based photography since first using the Motorola Xoom and Samsung Galaxy Tab -- when shooting a pic , it feels like I 'm defending myself from flying meatballs with a cafeteria tray during a food fight . Amazon decided we are n't ready for cameras on tablets  or , at least , are n't basing our buying decisions on whether cameras appear on spec sheets  . Huawei thinks we are . As both tablets have n't been released , we 'll have to wait on the market to see who 's right . Finally , the SpringBoard offers the usual array of ports -- HDMI , micro-USB and microSD card slots  you can use microSD for an extra 32GB of storage  . HDMI does n't come standard on all tablets , so it 's a nice feature . The SpringBoard is slated to go on sale "  in time for the holidays , " says T-Mobile 's spokeswoman , though the company is n't saying whether that means sooner rather than later . Though we do n't know exactly how much it will cost , be prepared to spend less than two C-notes -- with a two-year T-Mobile contract , of course . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	T-Mobile unveils SpringBoard to compete with Amazon 's Fire and Apple 's iPad The new 7-inch 4G tablet is set at a competively low price of about $ 200 It will include a 1.2-GHz dual-core processor and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera
CNN  -- Deep in a remote , hot , dry patch of northwestern Australia lies one of the earliest detectable signs of life on the planet , tracing back nearly 3.5 billion years , scientists say . At that time , the Earth -- relatively speaking -- was n't into its adulthood yet . Scientists estimate the planet formed roughly 4.5 billion years ago ; minerals known as zircons , indicating water , and continents existed within 100 million and 200 million years after that on what was still a scalding planet . The existence of water suggests that life was possible . But what did it look like , and when did it start ? The discovery from the Dresser Formation , a much examined outcrop of rocks in Western Australia 's Pilbara region , documented in a paper published online this week in the Astrobiology journal may help answer those questions . New species discovered in Australian rainforest It centers on something called microbially induced sedimentary structures , commonly shortened to the acronym MISS. . It 's a mouthful to many , but some scientists believe this phenomenon could be the key to finding the first demonstrable evidence of life . A MISS forms via a process involving microorganisms  found in what 's called microbial mats  with rocks  or sediment  , something that can only happens under certain conditions . As the study 's lead author , Nora Noffke of Old Dominion University , notes , "  The signal of early life forms has been preserved more clearly in MISS " compared with other prehistoric finds . Another unique thing about them , unlike some other geological phenomena , is that a MISS structure formed a few billion years ago can look much like one a few hundred-thousand years old . Yet another is that it can show not just evidence of one organism but an entire ecosystem , one in which living things coexisted with one another . That 's exactly what the study 's co-authors -- Noffke , Daniel Christian , David Wacey and Robert Hazen -- say they found in Australia , noting that "  this MISS displays the same associations that are known from modern as well as fossil " finds . The MISS also shows microbes that act like "  modern cyanobacteria , " which the co-authors explain are "  known to be the first oxygen-producing organisms in the fossil record . " Given all that , the scientists write : "  We conclude that the MISS in the Dresser Formation record a complex microbial ecosystem , hitherto unknown , and represent one of the most ancient signs of life on Earth . " Ancient African coins that could change history of Australia The fact this find was in Western Australia is no accident . The area has long been a treasure trove for Earth scientists delving into the past . Stromatolites found in Warrawoona trace back about 3.45 billion years , while microfossils from Marble Bar go back to 3.47 billion years , notes University of Washington scientist Roger Buick . "  The Dresser Formation is the oldest rock succession of sedimentary rocks that was never affected by any tectonics , " or big changes in the surface caused by earthquakes and the like , said Noffke . "  Those rocks were just sitting there , nothing ever happened to them . That means any life is nicely preserved . " The oldest MISS previously known , though , came from South Africa and dated to 3.2 billion years ago . That 's young relative to the Dresser Formation find , which the Astrobiology report says is about 3.48 billion years old . 20 Australia discoveries The fact this MISS from Australia has a very similar makeup to recent ones is telling , Noffke said . A pessimist may see this as indication that there 's been little evolution in that respect over that very considerable stretch of time . On the flip side , this shows that things were pretty complex even way back then . "  It was not that individual cell that was fighting for itself , " Noffke said . "  It was intelligent enough to function in this environment very , very successfully . If cells work together , they have access to a larger set of experiences . " The Australia discovery features "  a complex system of microbial mats , " which are "  complex communities of microbes " -- or extremely small living things -- "  usually organized into layers that can be seen with the naked eye , " notes NASA . "  They were one of the earliest ecosystems on Earth . " The U.S. space agency is interested in MISS and microbial mats because scientists are looking for them on Mars to possibly show life once existed there . The Western Australia discovery could help in that regard , the latest study 's authors point out , especially give "  the similarity of the early history of Earth and the early history of Mars . " "  If there was life , " said Noffke , "  then MISS is one of the likely targets . " Rare ` Asian unicorn ' caught on camera	NEW : Discovery shows life was fairly complex 3.48 billion years ago , scientist says Scientists : Structures found in Australia featured "  a complex microbial ecosystem " That makes it the oldest MISS ever and "  one of the most ancient signs of life on Earth " Scientists have been looking for such structures , as evidence of life , on Mars
BELGRADE , Serbia -- Partizan Belgrade are unlikely to appeal against their ban from the UEFA Cup , the Serbian first division club 's deputy general secretary Gordan Petric said on Thursday . There is little for the Partizan players to celebrate after UEFA 's verdict . "  We will decide what to do over the next few days but appealing against the verdict may not be the smartest thing to do because UEFA may react by imposing even stronger repercussions , " Petric told Belgrade 's B 92 television . "  We really left no room to the UEFA Disciplinary Committee to be lenient because we had been punished in 25 of our 36 European matches in the last five years and we need to address the problem very seriously , " he said . Earlier on Thursday , UEFA took the most drastic action against a Serbian club to date , banning them from European competition for one year and fining them 50,000 Swiss francs  $ 41.259  . The penalty followed serious crowd trouble during Partizan 's 6-1 win at Bosnian rivals Zrinjski Mostar in last week 's UEFA Cup first qualifying round first leg . UEFA said on its official website Partizan could appeal against the verdict within three days of the European governing body sending out the formal grounds for its decision . Subject to any such appeal , UEFA confirmed that Zrinjski would now progress to the second qualifying round . Violence in last Thursday 's match erupted early in the first half after rival fans clashed with police while pelting each other with rocks , flares and ripped-up seats . Play was held up for 10 minutes and resumed only after the few riot police on duty managed to create a buffer zone between the 8,000 home fans and the visitors . After the game , 36 people were injured and six arrested . Police used tear gas to separate the home fans from departing Partizan supporters . Violence is rife in Serbian football and clubs well as the national team have been made to play their matches either behind closed doors or at neutral venues in recent times . Serbia kicked off their Euro 2008 qualifying campaign in an empty stadium after trouble during their 2006 World Cup home qualifier against Bosnia . E-mail to a friend	Serbian club Partizan Belgrade are thrown out of this year 's UEFA Cup Rioting fans caused a hold-up during their tie at Serbia 's Zrinjski Mostar Partizan , who won 6-1 , are unlikely to appeal against UEFA 's verdict
CNN  -- Hockey or debt ceiling ? Watching both are Canadian national pastimes these days , especially for businessmen such as Marty Cutler . Except , the political show comes with a big dose of concern . Like many Canadians , Cutler , owner of Fairmount Books in Toronto , said he feels quiet pride from closely following American politics and knowing his country is generally free of the acerbic partisan wrangling of its powerhouse southern neighbor . But he fears a U.S. default , if it were to occur , would be sure to hit home hard . "  The whole thing drives us a little crazy , " he said . "  You 're the elephant and we 're the mouse : when you roll over we can get crushed . " More than 50 % of Fairmount Books ' business is in the United States . If Washington ca n't find a way to break the debt ceiling impasse , folks like Cutler could pay a heavy price . Nobody can predict the precise global consequences of a U.S. default , but several economic experts said the ensuing panic could fall hard on Canada , the United States ' largest trading partner . A default would likely lead to a downgrading of America 's stellar AAA-credit rating , which could send interest rates -- the cost of borrowing -- skyward . In a worst-case scenario , this would grind bank lending to a halt , slowing economic activity and plunging the United States -- where Canada does 75 % of its trading -- back into recession , according to Jack Mintz , a professor of public policy at the University of Calgary . With approximately 20 % of world GDP comprised in America , the international business community has a lot riding on the debt negotiations , Mintz said . But Canadian businessmen such as John Larsen , whose business is also heavily dependent on American customers , may have more to lose than most . "  It would be devastating , no doubt about it , " said Larsen , chief executive officer Larsen & Shaw , a company that makes hinges in Walkerton , Ontario . Roughly one in five jobs in Canada is dependent on the United States , said Avery Shenfeld , chief economist of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce . "  Any material change to the U.S. economy is quickly felt on this side of the border , " he said . "  There is a sense of pride in Canada 's regulatory , financial and political systems ... but Canadians ca n't afford to laugh off the troubles in the U.S. , " he said . "  It does n't take too long for an economic weakness south of the border to send our own economy into trouble . " For this reason , Catherine Swift , president of Canadian Federation of Independent Business , said her organization has intently followed the debt ceiling talks . The uncertainty has even driven up the value of the Canadian dollar . "  That 's going to kick the pants out of  Canadian  exporters , " she said . "  Some are saying that Canada would become more of a safe haven for investments , but that 's a financial market thing . In terms of the real economy , this is bad news . " Canada is already feeling the reverberations . The Toronto Stock Exchange fell more than 450 points this week and reached a one-month low Friday amid the uncertainty surrounding the debt ceiling talks . Perhaps in an attempt to assuage worries , Canadian Finance Minister Jim Flaherty said this week that he was "  relatively confident " the United States will raise the debt ceiling . But he warned that America 's broader deficit gap would remain a long-term problem that could hurt Canada as well . "  We 're a trading nation and it matters to us that our most important trading partner has their fiscal house in order , " Flaherty said . Compared to the United States and Europe -- where several countries are saddled with deficit crises -- Canada is on a clear path to a balanced budget by 2014 , Flaherty said . "  Canada looks relatively good on the world stage , " he said . Asked if Canada had contingency plans for a default , Flaherty said , "  What we are doing in Canada is what we 're able to do in Canada . " Still , some Canadian business owners expressed frustration with what they called American fiscal recklessness and its impact on Canadians . "  I 'm not surprised , given the reputation of Americans to be arrogant , that they are once again in this crisis situation , " said Megan Halprin , part-owner of Snowflake , a clothing retailer based in Vancouver that does about a quarter of its business in the United States . In her view , Americans "  seem to attract crises . " Canadians , she said , are conservative . Whatever their nature , Canadian businessman ought to be paying close attention to the drama unfolding in Washington , said Don Atkinson of Atkinson Maple Syrup Supplies . A default , he said , would have a "  horrible ripple effect " in Canada . But Atkinson was sure Canadians would survive a default of any magnitude . Chalk that up to old-fashioned principles . "  We pay down our debt , " he said , "  and do n't buy based on credit , as you do in the United States . "	Canadian businessmen fear a U.S. default would hit their nation hard Canada is the United States ' largest trading partner Some businessmen are frustrated with U.S. fiscal policies "  We pay our debt , " many say about their homeland
CNN  -- The deputy speaker of Britain 's House of Commons , Nigel Evans , was arrested Saturday in northwest England on suspicion of rape and sexual assault , a source familiar with the arrest told CNN . Lancashire police did not confirm the identity of the man , but they said they had released a 55-year-old man on bail after questioning him Saturday over offenses alleged by two men in their 20s . One man alleged he was raped and , in a separate incident , another other man alleged he was sexually assaulted , a police spokesperson told CNN by telephone . The offenses are alleged "  to have been committed in Pendleton between July 2009 and March 2013 , " according to a statement released by police . The man was ordered to appear at the police station on June 19 , according to the police spokesperson . British Prime Minister David Cameron has been made aware of the arrest , said another source , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . Evans , who is 55 , has been a conservative member of parliament since 1992 . He served as vice chairman of the Tory Party between 1999 and 2001 . He was elected deputy speaker of the House of Commons in 2010 . Evans came out as gay during a newspaper interview in late 2010 , and has since made a name for himself as a prominent gay rights activist in England . Evans did not immediately return a telephone call from CNN seeking comment . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Talia Kayali and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	NEW : The allegations involve two men in their 20s , the police say Nigel Evans was arrested on Saturday , a source says Lancashire police have not confirmed the identify of the man they arrested Evans was elected deputy speaker of the House of Commons in 2010
CNN  -- For African business leaders who study and further their training overseas , returning to the continent can be even tougher . It can be hard for them to commit to returning to the even smaller economies of their home countries , says Krishna Patel , HSBC 's CEO for Africa . "  You get expatriate Ghanaians and Nigerians with the best will in the world wanting to come back , " Patel told CNN . "  But they find themselves employed -LSB- in Europe or the United States -RSB- and think , ` I 'm one man , I 'm one woman , and I have an opportunity here . ' " There is a steady flow of Africans leaving their homeland to study overseas . Students from sub-Saharan Africa are the most mobile in the world , according to the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  . As many as one in three higher education students in Botswana , Namibia and Swaziland study abroad according to a UNESCO report . By comparison , one out of every 250 North American students studies overseas . South African Richard Remmington , an IT manager studying for an MBA at Oxford 's Saïd Business School , said there just are n't that many opportunities back home . While South Africa has seen a surge in corporate opportunities for talented businessmen and women , "  the economy is just too small to accommodate the kind of jobs they want to do , " Remmington told CNN . Even when young Africans want to combat the so-called "  brain drain , " it can be difficult for them to find the right opportunities back home . "  This group of people , despite how important they are to the continent , are having the darndest time connecting to opportunities back home , " said Okendo Lewis-Gayle . He 's the president of Harambe Endeavor , an alliance of African students and young professionals studying at top academic institutions around the world . Right now , there 's no systematic way for these young leaders to go home and be effective , said Lewis-Gayle , who started Harambe with a Zimbabwean classmate at Southern New Hampshire University in the United States three years ago . "  Because many of them still have this perception of the ` dark continent , ' that nothing is going on , they do n't even try , " he said . Communication and recruitment challenges are some of the biggest obstacles facing young business leaders who want to return home , according to Lewis-Gayle . Harambe organizers hear African graduates expressing particular frustration about a lack of information on how to find the jobs that suit their backgrounds . For example , Lewis-Gayle said , China is investing heavily in Africa , which is creating several opportunities . Yet you have African students in Taiwan or Beijing who really do n't know how they can be effective back home . "  Someone who is African and is educated in China or Taiwan and speaks fluent Chinese should n't be wondering what he or she can do back home , " he said . Fledgling organizations like Harambe , which connect young workers with businesses seeking to invest or expand in their countries of origin , are helping to tackle this problem . Harambe has helped launch entrepreneurship programs in Burkina Faso , Cameroon and Ghana as well as a microfinance scheme in Ethiopia . But it 's been an uphill battle getting these programs off the ground . "  There 's this barrier of folks kind of looking down on the youth and not thinking that they 're ready or prepared to be of value -- this is huge , because in countries where youth is encouraged and supported , its easier for people to start things , " Lewis-Gayle said . It is n't just creating and finding opportunities , but funding them as well , that can keep young executives from going home . A Harvard University African higher education survey found that recent graduates interested in entrepreneurship felt they could n't turn their new ideas and skills into viable businesses in their countries of origin , due to an almost complete lack of venture capital . But the overall business climate is starting to change , as investors eye Africa 's growth potential , and that could lead to more options for expatriates wanting to return home , Patel from HSBC said . "  The world has had a very big jolt , " he told CNN . "  Suddenly the risk adjustment on returns from Africa is looking like a good opportunity . "	Young African business leaders who study abroad find it difficult to connect to business opportunities back home Communication and recruitment challenges are some of the biggest obstacles Students from sub-Saharan Africa are the most mobile in the world , according to UNESCO Groups like the Harambe Endeavor try to connect young workers with businesses seeking to invest or expand in their countries of origin
CNN  -- Do not go backstage at Cirque Du Soleil . It will only hurt your self-esteem . Anthony Gatto says he 's been in training since he was 3 years old and performing since he was 8 . In the performers ' tent for the touring show "  Kooza , " there are the chiseled men catapulting their partners onto each other 's shoulders from a giant see-saw and the woman doing contortions on children 's - sized blocks . You can only take so much of this before your ego needs normal . Normal might be that man in the corner , wearing a T-shirt , shorts and sneakers throwing balls in the air . How hard can that be ? Your self-worth will be quickly dashed again when the man picks up a soccer ball , bounces it on his head and jumps rope at the same time . Moments later , he 's juggling six or seven orange rings  they move so fast , it looks like a blur  and then does a pirouette -- while all the rings are in the air -- and then catches them on his arm . Watch the juggler in action " You could say Anthony Gatto went into the family business . But his stepfather was n't a farmer or a doctor . He was a juggler . "  By the time I was 8 , I was entered into a juggling competition , and incidentally , that was the same competition that Patrick Dempsey , the actor , was in , " Gatto said . "  He used to be a juggler . We competed against each other . I took first , he took second . Now he 's a big actor and here I am , juggling . " Gatto is being modest . In fact , he did n't audition for "  Kooza . " The show went looking for him . "  I have right now 11 juggling world records , " he said . "  Some of them I 've held since I was 16 years old and they have yet to be beaten . " Imagine a wearable disco ball . That 's not too different from the form-fitting outfit Gatto wears onstage . Backstage , it 's a long-sleeve T-shirt , gym shorts and sneakers . But there 's nothing casual about his daily routine . He typically works out and practices six to seven hours a day to prepare for his 10 minutes in the spotlight . In fact , he is practicing until moments before he runs on stage . "  Juggling is something that is so delicate , you have to have a really good feel , you can lose that in minutes , " he said . "  There are so many variables that can affect you . If it 's a humid day , it 's a very difficult task to get through the number that I do . The wind , if there 's any air current in there and you 're expecting to catch a ring and it blows an inch , you miss it . " But he rarely misses -- at least not in his act . This performer , who relies on coordination and concentration 350 shows a year , admits his most embarrassing moment has nothing to do with balls , clubs or rings . It 's acting that trips him up . "  I have fallen as the delivery-man character in the show . In fact , I have done this a few times , " he said . "  I like to think it 's because I put my heart and soul into the characters I 'm portraying . " Surrounded by all this talent and precision , there is some comfort in knowing one of the best -- maybe the best juggler in the world -- is also a klutz .	Cirque Du Soleil 's "  Kooza " went looking for juggler with 11 world records Anthony Gatto beat actor Patrick Dempsey in juggling competition Gatto practices six to seven hours to prepare for 10 minutes on stage Says humidity and wind can affect his routine
Financial Times  -- Nuclear power is so expensive compared with other forms of energy that it has become "  really hard " to justify , according to the chief executive of General Electric , one of the world 's largest suppliers of atomic equipment . "  It 's really a gas and wind world today , " said Jeff Immelt , referring to two sources of electricity he said most countries are shifting towards as natural gas becomes "  permanently cheap " . "  When I talk to the guys who run the oil companies they say look , they 're finding more gas all the time . It 's just hard to justify nuclear , really hard . Gas is so cheap and at some point , really , economics rule , " Mr Immelt told the Financial Times in an interview in London at the weekend . "  So I think some combination of gas , and either wind or solar ... that 's where we see most countries around the world going . " Mr Immelt 's comments underline the impact on the global energy landscape of the US shale gas revolution , Japan 's 2011 Fukushima nuclear meltdown and falling prices for some types of renewable power . The shale boom has sent US natural gas prices down to 10-year lows , a trend some analysts believe will spread elsewhere , while the nuclear industry faces added costs and uncertainty after Fukushima . At the same time , a 75 per cent fall in solar panel market prices in the past three years has made solar power competitive with daytime retail electricity prices in some countries , according to a recent report by Bloomberg New Energy Finance , while offshore wind turbine prices have steadily declined . Such factors pose dilemmas for countries such as the UK , which is trying to build new nuclear plants without public subsidy . The ruling coalition is also split over whether to set a new target to make the electricity sector virtually free of carbon emissions by 2030 -- a plan George Osborne , the Conservative finance minister , opposes but many Liberal Democrats back . Mr Immelt lent weight to the Lib Dem argument , saying GE had found existing EU carbon targets helpful . "  I think standards sometimes really drive innovation , " he said . "  To a certain extent at least , knowing what the rules are and being able to innovate against it is not a bad thing . " Mr Immelt played down the impact of changing energy trends on a company as large as GE , which reported annual profits of $ 13bn for 2011  on revenues of $ 142bn  and sells products for every leading source of energy , from gas and wind turbines nuclear reactors and oil drilling gear , to gas and wind turbines . "  We 've got them all , so in some ways when you have them all you do n't have to be so smart about anything , " he said . Analysts estimate GE 's nuclear revenues , from a joint venture with Japan 's Hitachi , at an estimated $ 1bn , or less than 1 per cent of annual global sales . Mr Immelt is visiting London during the Olympic Games , which GE sponsors . The company will announce on Monday that it has made more than $ 1bn in sales from Olympic host cities since 2006 , including $ 100m from the London games , where GE has sold several power systems , 120 electric vehicle charging stations and thousands of lights . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	GE CEO : Nuclear power is so expensive compared with other forms of energy "  It 's really a gas and wind world today , " Jeff Immelt told the Financial Times
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is recovering "  really , really well " from surgery that implanted a synthetic bone and a shunt in her skull , her doctors said Thursday . The Arizona Democrat told her neurosurgeon that she was extremely excited to have crossed a key milestone in her recovery , which her doctors called "  almost miraculous " considering she was shot point-blank in the head in January . "  The shunt is in good position , the implant is in good position and everything looks great , " said Dr. Dong Kim , who performed the 3 1/2 hour-surgery to replace the part of her skull bone that was shattered and contaminated . "  She looks great , " he said . "  I started calling her ` Gorgeous Gaby ' today . " The shunt is expected to help Giffords improve but , Kim said , it was impossible to predict exactly how much progress she was going to make . The Arizona Democrat was shot outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket where she was meeting with constituents in January . Six people -- including a federal judge -- were killed and 13 others were wounded in the attack . Jared Lee Loughner stands accused in the shooting . Surgeons in Arizona had cut a hole in Giffords ' skull to give her brain space to temporarily swell . The congresswoman was later transported to Houston for further treatment and rehabilitation . Her skull could be repaired only after the swelling had subsided . Kim implanted a piece of synthetic bone specially made for the congresswoman . "  It really is a significant step . More than just getting the bone back , it is a marker for where we are " in Giffords ' recovery , Kim said . Like many other patients with gunshot wounds to the head , Giffords has hydrocephalus , or a build-up of fluid in the brain . Kim said an internal drain , called a shunt , was inserted into Giffords ' cranial cavity to carry excess fluids from the brain to the abdominal cavity . Giffords will have to wear the shunt forever . Dr. Girard Francisco , who is in charge of Giffords ' rehabilitation , said that the congresswoman will undergo bedside rehab for at least the next two days before returning to the in-patient program at the TIRR Memorial Hermann Rehabilitation Center in Houston . Giffords ' husband , Mark Kelly , the commander of the space shuttle Endeavor , has been getting updates from conversations with family . "  Everything went as planned , " he told PBS Thursday from the International Space Station . "  Her neurosurgeons are very happy and she 's recuperating and she 's actually getting back to therapy today so it went really , really well . " Monday , Giffords watched and cheered as the Endeavour took off on its final voyage from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Surgeons implanted a piece of synthetic bone and also a shunt in U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords ' skull NEW : The shunt drains excess fluid from her brain Giffords was shot in January in Tucson , Arizona Doctors call her progress ` almost miraculous '
CNN  -- The 32-year-old Texas man who died in a shark attack over the weekend while scuba diving off Western Australia was remembered Sunday by his sisters as "  unique " and "  one of a kind . " Sharon Wainwright of Panama City , Florida , identified the victim as her son , George Thomas Wainwright . His sisters , Brenda Wainwright and Wanda Brannon , spoke to CNN affiliate WMBB-TV . "  It 's devastating . It 's hard to even wrap your head around . I ca n't believe he 's gone . I think it was just wrong place , wrong time because he was very wise . I would trust him with anything to do with being on the water , " said Brenda Wainwright . She described her brother as "  unique ... that rare combination of incredibly intelligent , very kind , great sense of humor . " Police said Saturday the man was scuba diving with two friends near Rottnest Island , a popular tourist destination about 15 miles off the Australian mainland , when the attack occurred . The man 's friends , who were not in the water at the time , noticed an abnormal amount of air bubbles rising to the surface in the area where he was diving , followed by a plume of blood , said police spokesman Michael Wear . Moments later , the man 's body rose to the surface . Police said he succumbed to his injuries not long after the incident . Following a preliminary review of bite marks on the body , authorities said he is believed to have been killed by a great white shark . "  He was in the water by himself , I believe , " Sgt. Greg True of Western Australia police told CNN affiliate Channel Nine . "  There 's been some pretty massive injuries inflicted . " Sharon Wainwright told CNN her family was notified of the incident Saturday morning . Authorities said the man had been living in Western Australia . Wainright 's relatives expect his body to arrive in Florida in about four days , Sharon Wainwright said . Saturday 's attack was the second fatal shark attack in the past two weeks near the city of Perth , capital of the state of Western Australia . "  He was one of a kind , " the victim 's sister , Brannon , told WMBB . "  He 's more than just a quick news spot . He was our brother and we loved him . He will be missed . " CNN 's Jeremy Ryan and Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I think it was just wrong place , wrong time , " the victim 's sister says George Thomas Wainwright died while scuba diving His mother says his body is expected in Florida in about four days Authorities believe the man was killed by a great white off the Australian coast
Aleppo , Syria  CNN  -- Somehow , the hundreds of thousands of Syrians who ca n't -- or wo n't -- leave this battleground city have grown accustomed to living in a state of war . But they have also shown that they do not want to live in a state of anarchy . Read more : Morsy backs Syrian calls for al-Assad to face war crimes trial On a side street , not far from where goats graze next to a burned-out ambulance in what used to be a neighborhood park , stand the offices of what can only be described as a rebel court . The United Courts Council operates without the authority or recognition of any central government . It stands on the opposition-held side of the front lines that divide this city . Read more : Time to refer Syria crisis to ICC This self-appointed council of judges , lawyers and clerics started working four months ago . Judging by the line of supplicants waiting in the halls , residents appear to have granted this court some degree of popular legitimacy . In rooms marked "  Civil Court " and "  Personal Affairs Court , " legal workers on a recent day issued birth and death certificates , signed divorce papers and listened to lawyers plead their clients ' cases in a family property dispute . Nobody flinched when blasts from artillery shells rocked nearby neighborhoods . "  We created this temporary judicial council as an emergency solution , like when a doctor removes a bullet from a patient without using anesthetic , " said Marwan Gayed . Read more : Analysis : Study shows rise of al Qaeda affiliate in Syria Gayed is a former appeals court judge who defected from the Syrian government and now serves as the general prosecutor for the United Courts Council . He sat in an office , signing legal documents and stamping them with the council 's seal , oblivious to thunderous explosions echoing outside . "  We have a deteriorating humanitarian situation , " he added . "  We came to work to stop people like the Free Syrian Army or others from taking advantage of the weak and to maintain law and order inside liberated areas . " The Free Syrian Army is the main rebel force fighting the government of President Bashar al-Assad . Read more : ` Humanitarian emergency ' as Syria runs low on medical care , food Even a temporary judicial system requires some system of detention and punishment . The council has about 100 prisoners detained in a series of makeshift jail cells in a basement that resembles a dungeon . In the "  military prison , " a court founded by rebels has incarcerated rebels accused of committing war crimes . During a visit by CNN journalists , more than a dozen men sat on mats in a cavernous room . Some of the inmates said they were there on charges of robbery and theft . Others , like a bearded fighter who called himself Abu Younus , were being investigated for leading men into a battle that resulted in the friendly fire deaths of many fellow rebels . Abu Younus made an emotional plea , declaring his innocence . "  God , you know that I am innocent , " he bellowed , raising hands and face to the ceiling . "  Please god reveal the truth . " Then he suddenly collapsed on the ground . "  He passes out when he gets excited , " a prison guard explained . Read more : Leaving Syria ship before it sinks ? Another jailed rebel , who asked not to be named , said , "  I am a member of the Free Syrian Army and the captain of a battalion . I tortured a shabiha " -- a pro-government militia-man -- "  and he died three days later . "  I turned myself in . And now I 'm waiting for the law to take its course ... in this failure of a court . " The jailed rebels were being held in the same prison cell with several captured loyalist soldiers . Men who could have been trying to kill each other on the battlefield weeks ago slept side by side on the floor and shared prison food . Read more : Syrian government frees 2,130 prisoners in exchange for 48 Iranians The conditions in the basement prison were grim , dark and cold . Yet at first glance , inmates there appeared to be treated better than at another makeshift rebel jail CNN visited in northern Syria last August . There , CNN saw more than 40 prisoners being held at a time in a single , over-crowded room . Some of those detainees , especially members of the shabiha militia , showed obvious signs of torture . At the United Courts Council jail in Aleppo , the prison warden led visitors to another cell , where men sat with their backs to the walls under heavy blankets . Some read books . One inmate read a newspaper . "  This section is for shabiha , informants , collaborators , spies and homosexuals , " said the warden , who asked to be named only Abu Abdo . Abu Abdo , a former officer from Syria 's foreign security service , insisted he was trying to reform rather than punish the prisoners by giving them regular lessons in Islam . In fact , one of the judges explained that he and his colleagues are following a "  Unified Arab Criminal Code " adopted by the Arab League , which is rooted in Islamic law . "  This basically follows sharia , while taking into consideration modern Muslim life , " said Mohammed Najib Banna . Banna , who had been a teacher in a religious school and a cleric reading sermons at a mosque , is now a judge in the council 's Military Court . Read more : Rebels in northern Syria pin hopes on airbase 's downfall "  Our work now will prepare us for the day when the regime falls , because then there will be anarchy , " Banna said . While some of the detainees in the prison are accused of committing crimes on the battlefield , others are detained for charges ranging from adultery to prostitution and "  disobeying parents . " This is especially true in the women 's jail cell , where most of the inmates hid their faces under blankets during a visit by CNN . Among the detainees was a teenage girl , the daughter of a couple who were both also incarcerated in the prison . Some of the women were also accused of spying for the Syrian regime . One woman stood and repeatedly performed a salute , accompanied by a martial stamp of her foot . Asked who she was saluting , she listed the names of the father and son who have ruled Syria for 40 years : "  President Hafez al Assad , President Bashar Hafez al-Assad . " "  May God give victory to Bashar al-Assad , " she said with a smile . "  Because they 're saying lies about him . He 's likeable , excellent in every way . " Then she started saluting again . Another 23-year-old woman who asked not to be named said she had been arrested 16 days previously for being a shabiha . "  I cooperated with the state while I was in university . I used to go and come back and communicate with them , " she said . "  And I would go to demonstrations supporting the president . " One might assume the United Courts Council had been formed to create a rival judicial structure to the Syrian government , which is believed to control a quarter to a third of Aleppo . The Syrian crisis : Where 's U.S. aid going ? But a visit to the office of Gayed , the council 's prosecutor , revealed political tension between rival rebel groups . The suavely dressed former judge had a half dozen guests seated around his desk , most of whom were lawyers hoping to set up a similar court in the opposition-held northern town of Maraa . There was also a stocky , bearded man dressed in a camouflage uniform who quickly excused himself after journalists entered the room . "  The man was here from Jabhat al-Nusra , " Gayed explained after the man left . "  He was asking me to hand over a prisoner to his court system . I said no . " Jabhat al-Nusra , or Nusra Front , is a well-organized Islamist fighting group . The U.S. government recently black-listed the group , accusing of it being a terrorist organization . "  We black-listed the Nusra Front because of its intimate links with al Qaeda in Iraq , " said Robert Ford , the former U.S. ambassador to Syria , in an interview with CNN in Turkey . "  Nusra has a sectarian agenda ...  it  is anti-democratic and will seek to impose its very strict interpretation of Islam on Syria , " Ford said . But Gayed , asked about al-Nusra , called its members "  our brothers in the revolution . They bleed for it . But we differ on how to build the state . " "  We are calling for a civil democratic nation . They call for an Islamic state , " he said . "  The U.S. and the European Union did n't help us , and that created an increase in Islamic radicalism . ... "  Up until now we can control the situation , " Gayed warned . "  But later on , we may not be able to contain it . " Gayed argued his council 's experiment in rebel justice is a more tolerant alternative to the Islamic courts that Nusra Front has reportedly been establishing in Aleppo and in other rebel controlled towns . The United Courts Council is working to expand its law-and-order model to other communities in the largely rebel-held north . It is a desperate strategy , council members admitted , aimed at preventing Syria from descending further into chaos	The United Courts Council operates in areas controlled by rebels It is a self-appointed council of judges , lawyers and clerics It protects the weak and maintains order in liberated areas , an official says About 100 prisoners are detained in a series of makeshift jail cells
CNN  -- Fernando Alonso is determined to banish his demons in Abu Dhabi as he returns to the track where his 2010 Formula One world championship chances disintegrated . The Ferrari driver was in pole position to grab his third career title last year , needing to finish in the top four to claim the crown . But the Italian team took the decision to bring Alonso into the pits at an early stage and he spent the rest of the race stuck behind Renault 's Vitaly Petrov , finishing seventh , and handing Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel his first ever world championship . A dominant Vettel has n't looked back , retaining his title with four races of the 2011 season to go and Alonso admits returning to the Yas Marina circuit will be a painful experience for him . "  It would not be honest if I told you I wo n't be a bit uncomfortable thinking about it when I see the paddock for the first time , " Alonso wrote in his blog on Ferrari 's official website . "  But then the feeling will vanish and it will leave room for the present , which is about aiming to do well this weekend and in the future : to learn as much as possible with next season in mind . "  It 's right that it should be like that because in sport , as in the rest of life , you must always look ahead . "  Abu Dhabi 2010 was an important stage in my career and I have no doubt that even through that bad day , my relationship with Ferrari has become even stronger . " Alonso , from Spain , is currently third in the drivers ' world championship standings , 13 points behind McLaren 's British driver Jenson Button in second . But the gulf between Vettel and the rest of the field is underlined by his 134-point lead over Button . Alonso acknowledges that winning will be "  difficult " in Abu Dhabi but says he is keen to fight for a podium place to counter last year 's bitter disappointment . "  I completely appreciate that winning will be very difficult , " he said . "  In this closing part of the season the relative positions are very clear but we have also seen there are some conditions in which we can fight for victory : as happened in Suzuka , for example . "  We know if we all get everything right we can fight for the top three but our natural qualifying position is on the third row . Then in the race things can go differently but that is the realistic situation . "  So our target is the podium . Apart from anything else that result would allow me to fill a gap in my trophy cabinet as Abu Dhabi is the only race on the calendar from which I have yet to bring home silverware . "	Fernando Alonso out to erase the painful memory of the 2010 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Alonso needed a top four finish to win last year 's drivers ' championship but came seventh Instead Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel took the title and has already secured 2011 version Alonso heads into this weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix third in the standings
CNN  -- As you get older , it 's important to make small changes to your diet to protect your long-term health . Here are seven nutrients to zero in on after turning 50 . Vitamin D Why you need it : Scientific journals have been bursting at the seams in recent years with new research about the importance of vitamin D , and according the data , the vast majority of women are n't getting enough . One recent study found that adults with the lowest blood vitamin D levels were about twice as likely to die from any cause compared to those with the highest levels . Other studies have linked adequate intakes to lower rates of obesity , type 2 diabetes , heart disease , high blood pressure , osteoporosis , depression , certain cancers , and brain disorders such as Alzheimer 's disease . This key nutrient is also tied to enhanced immunity , muscle functioning , and injury prevention  pretty impressive , huh ?  . Vitamin D 's nickname is the "  sunshine vitamin " because exposure to the sun 's ultraviolet rays triggers its production in the body , but you ca n't rely on the sun as your sole source . Your location , cloud cover , smog , time of day and year , and sunscreen use all affect your UV exposure and vitamin D production . How to get it : Some of the best natural food sources include wild salmon , whole eggs  the D is in the yolk  , and mushrooms , and it 's in fortified foods like dairy , but it can be difficult to eat enough of these foods to meet your needs , so a supplement may be your best bet . Health.com : 12 ways to get your daily Vitamin D How much is safe : To identify the right amount to take , get your blood level tested . Based on the results , your doctor can recommend the proper daily dose . Calcium Why you need it : Bone density declines more rapidly after 50 , and one in three women over this age will experience a bone fracture . Research shows that in the first years after menopause , women may lose 3 to 5 % of their bone mass annually , and increases in calcium intakes generally do n't offset the losses . Calcium is also required for muscle contractions , so this mineral allows you to get the most from every workout . It 's also needed for nerve function , and helps maintain your body 's acid/base balance , so there are plenty of reasons to strive to hit the suggested mark . How to get it : While dairy may be your first thought , there are also several plant-based sources , including dark leafy greens , beans and lentils , nuts , and dried figs . How much is safe : If you choose to use a supplement , just be sure not to go overboard . The recommended daily calcium intake for women over 50 is 1,200 mg per day , but the maximum advised limit , from both food and supplements combined , from age 51 on is 2,000 mg per day . I 've seen plenty of women exceed that amount  sometimes unknowingly , sometimes because they mistakenly believe more is better  , and getting too much can be risky , with potential side effects including kidney problems , kidney stones , and calcium deposits in soft tissues . High calcium intakes can also lead to constipation , and interfere with the absorption of iron and zinc , and recently , excess calcium has been linked to a higher risk of heart disease . Talk to your doctor or dietitian to be sure you 're striking the right balance . Health.com : 14 surprising facts about healthy bones Probiotics Why you need them : Probiotics have been shown to boost immunity , improve digestive and skin health , lower "  bad " LDL cholesterol , fight gum disease , and enhance weight control , so there 's plenty to benefit from for women over 50 . How to get them : While foods like yogurt , kefir , kimchi , and sauerkraut contain probiotics , it may be difficult to consume enough of these "  friendly bacteria " on a daily basis through food alone . How much is safe : If you opt for a supplement , ask your doc or dietitian for a recommended brand and amount . There 's currently no standard dose for probiotics , like those that have been established for vitamins and minerals ; and while probiotics are generally considered to be safe , your personal medical history should be taken into account before you pop a pill . Omega-3 fatty acids Why you need them : The omega-3s DHA  docosahexaenoic acid  and EPA  eicosapentaenoic acid  are essential fatty acids that have been tied to vision and brain protection , healthy hair and skin , improved circulation , reduced muscle soreness , a lower risk of heart disease and depression , and a reduction in inflammation , which is a known trigger of aging and disease . This remarkable list of benefits makes getting sufficient amounts of these good fats particularly important in your 50s . How to get them : Fatty fish like salmon and sardines are rich sources , but a dislike of seafood or concerns about mercury may interfere with getting enough . And while plant-based foods like flaxseeds and walnuts contain a type of omega-3 called alpha-linolenic acid or ALA , your body only converts a small percentage of this form into EPA and DHA -- the two types that the vast majority of the research has focused on . How much is safe : If you choose to take a supplement that provides DHA and EPA  vegan options are available  , it 's important to note that there 's currently no standard daily dose for healthy adults . Many experts recommend 1,000 mg of DHA/EPA combined , the amount advised for those with heart disease , and like some of the other nutrients I 've mentioned , it 's important not to go overboard . Emerging research shows that too much omega-3 may weaken immunity , and excess intakes have been linked to bleeding , especially when combined with medications or supplements that like omega-3s , also have a blood thinning effect . Once again , to pinpoint the amount that 's right for you , rely on advice from your personal health care providers . Health.com : Good fats , bad fats : How to choose Magnesium Why you need it : Getting enough of this key "  maintenance mineral " which is involved in more than 300 bodily reactions can keep your energy soaring and allow you to look and feel like you 've turned back the clock . Magnesium helps maintain normal muscle and nerve function , keeps heart rhythm steady , supports a healthy immune system , preserves strong bones , and slashes stroke and heart disease risk . It also helps regulate blood sugar levels and promotes normal blood pressure , but many women fall short of the recommended intake . How to get it : Good food sources include spinach , almonds , cashews , black beans , quinoa , and pumpkin , sesame , and sunflower seeds . How much is safe : If you opt for a supplement , look for one with no more than 100 % of the daily value  400 mg  , unless your doctor or dietician has advised differently . Too much magnesium can trigger nausea , diarrhea , appetite loss , muscle weakness , breathing problems , irregular heartbeat , and dangerously low blood pressure . Fiber Why you need it : Fiber-rich meals result in a steadier rise in blood sugar and a lower insulin response , as well as a slower rate of digestion and absorption , which keeps you fuller longer and delays the return of hunger . It also keeps you "  regular " by helping your digestive system stay in tip top shape , and getting enough fiber is also a smart weight control strategy . Research has shown that for every gram of fiber we eat , we eliminate about seven calories . That means if you eat 35 grams a day , you 'll essentially "  cancel out " 245 calories -- a savings that could effectively stave off age-related weight gain . How to get it : To bolster your intake , rely on foods that are naturally fiber-rich , like fruits and vegetables  especially those with an edible skin and/or seeds or tough stalk  beans and lentils , and small portions of nuts and whole grains , including oats , whole grain rice , quinoa , and barley . Health.com : 20 best foods for fiber Water Why you need it : Water , your body 's most important nutrient , is required for every bodily process , and you lose water from your body each minute of the day . Replacing those losses adequately can help you reap the benefits of water , including optimized mood and metabolism , as well as better digestive health  especially if you 're stepping up your fiber game  , and glowing skin . Good old H2O is also linked to weight control . A recent study found that when middle-aged and older adults drank two cups of water prior to eating a meal , they ate between 75 and 90 fewer calories . Another 12-week study found that adults who gulped extra water lost about 30 % more weight following the same diet compared to those who drank less . And a small German study found that drinking two liters of water a day could result in burning up to 95 extra calories , an effect that could help fend off age-related weight gain . How to get  more of  it : According to the Institute of Medicine  IOM  , women ages 19 and over need 2.7 liters of total fluid per day  more than 11 cups  . About 20 % of your fluid needs are met by food , but that still leaves nearly nine cups based on the IOM 's guidelines . While other beverages may count as fluid , water is the best way to meet your daily needs , so strive for at least 16 ounces four times a day . This article originally appeared on Health.com . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Vitamin D is linked to enhanced immunity , muscle functioning and injury prevention Bone density declines rapidly after 50 so make sure you 're getting enough calcium Probiotics have been shown to boost immunity , improve digestive and skin health
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- The chairman of the Samsung Group announced his resignation Tuesday , just days after his indictment amid an investigation into allegations of corruption . Chairman of the Samsung Group Lee Kun-hee has been indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust . "  I sincerely apologize and will do my best to take full legal and moral responsibility , " said Lee Kun-hee , who was indicted last week on charges of tax evasion and breach of trust . "  It grieves me for I still have many things to do . " At least four other executives will leave their jobs at Samsung , which has annual sales of nearly $ 160 billion and accounts for 18 percent of South Korea 's economic output . Samsung also outlined several reforms Tuesday . Investigators started looking into the conglomerate in January , after a former company lawyer said the company created slush funds worth $ 200 million . The probe led prosecutors to indict Lee and several other executives , but the prosecutors said an investigation found no evidence to support an allegation that the company bribed government officials and prosecutors . Samsung 's exports -- valued at about $ 70 billion -- account for a fifth of all South Korean exports . The conglomerate outlined several reforms it plans to implement . "  We do not think that Samsung 's renovation is complete with what we have declared , and known that this is just the beginning , " Samsung said in a statement . "  If there are any other things we should mend , we positively will . " E-mail to a friend	Samsung Group chairman Lee Kun-hee announces resignation , apologizes Lee 's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust Prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his son
CNN  Is there such a thing as too much Chris Pratt ? After Deadline reported Tuesday that Disney is considering the "  Guardians of the Galaxy " star for a possible reboot of the "  Indiana Jones " franchise , hard-core Pratt fans and the not-so-much so took to social media to cast their votes . Even "  Modern Family " star Sarah Hyland and Matt Shively of "  True Jackson " weighed in to give their thumbs up . "  MythBusters " co-host Adam Savage offered an assist . But not everyone was ready to jump on the ark with this casting decision . For the record , this is not the first time this discussion has been had . Months ago , Latino Review reported that Bradley Cooper was being considered for the Indiana Jones role as part of a James Bond-ian recasting , in which different actors would helm the franchise over the years . Variety writer Justin Kroll tweeted that Pratt did n't even know he was under consideration . Neither the actor nor Disney has commented on the speculation . What do you think ? Would Pratt be a good choice for the role , or nah ?	A report says "  Guardians " star Pratt is in the mix for a new film There is some fan support for it The writer tweeted that Pratt did n't even know he was in the running
CNN  -- The Zumba instructor in Maine who ran a prostitution ring out of her fitness studio Saturday was released from jail early for good behavior and participating in a work program , according to a York County Jail spokesman . Alexis Wright , 29 , walked out of the Maine jail at 8 a.m. Saturday after serving nearly six months of a ten-month term for a prostitution case that last year rocked the sleepy New England town of Kennebunk . Her client list , including accountants , lawyers and even a local TV personality , became the talk of the picturesque Maine town . The State Police and the Drug Enforcement Administration began investigating the prostitution ring in 2011 after receiving a tip that there was more going on at the studio than a Latin dance fitness party . In February 2012 , Wright 's Zumba studio was raided . Court documents showed that Wright videotaped intimate encounters with some of her customers in three locations -- including her store-front Zumba exercise studio -- and would send the footage to her business partner , Mark Strong . Attorneys act to conceal names in Zumba sex case According to Strong 's sentencing memo , Wright would not engage in a prostitution session unless Strong had "  prior knowledge of the session and was actively watching via the Skype connection . " More than 13,000 Skype video call snapshots were recovered from Strong 's computer , according to the memo . Strong was found guilty of promotion of prostitution and conspiracy to promote prostitution in March . He was sentenced to 20 days in jail , court documents said . In addition to jail time , Wright was ordered to pay $ 57,000 in restitution and $ 1,000 in fines . Prosecutors dropped more than 80 other counts and reduced more serious tax-related charges from felonies to misdemeanors , according to the sentencing documents . CNN 's calls to Wright and her attorney were not returned . Talk of the town : Who 's on ` The List ' of alleged sex clients ? CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report	Zumba instructor in Maine prostitution ring released from jail on good behavior Alexis Wright serves nearly six months of her ten-month sentence Prostitution case rocked Kennebunk , where client list became talk of the town
Watertown , Massachusetts  CNN  -- First there was a burst of gunfire . Then a series of blasts . Then , less than an hour later , cheers . After a day-long massive manhunt for one Boston Marathon bombing suspect that terrorized several cities and riveted a nation , the shouting and applause on the streets of Watertown , Massachusetts , was a welcome sign of victory . Police shouted , "  Yay ! " Neighbors clapped . Residents and reporters who had been anxiously waiting on a nearby corner saw a concrete sign of progress . Police began leaving the backyard of a Watertown home where suspect Dzhokar Tsarnaev had been holed up in a boat . A law enforcement vehicle with tinted windows drove by the crowd . When someone asked whether they have the suspect in custody , a police officer said , "  Yes " -- and the crowd of residents erupted in cheers again . Minutes later , a series of Twitter posts from the Boston Police Department trumpeted the news . "  CAPTURED !!! " one post said . "  The hunt is over . The search is done . The terror is over . And justice has won . Suspect in custody . " In Watertown , it was n't long before SWAT teams shouted over a loudspeaker : "  Thank you , thank you ! It was a pleasure ! USA ! USA ! " The crowd joined in . Watertown resident Mary Sullivan was among those cheering . She was walking her young black Labrador , Lucy , when gunshots rang out in her neighborhood on Friday . She waited for word on the fate of the suspect at the corner of Franklin and Mount Auburn with dozens of other residents . "  I 'm glad it 's over , " she said . "  The city and the people have gone through so much pain over these irrational decisions of these young men . " Jubilant crowds celebrated beyond Watertown 's borders . Residents , once holed up in houses and apartment buildings across the Boston area , poured out onto downtown streets . Music blared as revelers brandished American flags across the city . Near Boston 's Northeastern University , students hugged each other , waved flags and chanted , "  Let 's go Boston ! " and "  USA , USA ! " Myles Marcus , a student at Berklee College of Music , said he was happy to join the celebration . "  We 've all been watching the TV , the computer , the live updates since the beginning of this whole thing , " he said . "  I just feel relieved . I feel like I can go back to school now and know that I 'm safe . " Some were more hesitant as celebrations unfolded across the city . "  There 's always this thing in the back of my head that wonders if all this is a little premature , " said Sara Pradziak , 21 , who looked on as mostly college-age revelers filled Hemingway Street in downtown Boston . Boston police quickly worked to disperse the expanding group . "  Folks , do us a favor , " one officer said . "  If you want to thank us , just go home . " And yet , several officers smiled as the crowd greeted their slow-moving motorcycle line with enthusiastic cheers and applause . At least two ambulances screeched past the Friday night celebrations , sirens blaring -- a sober reminder of the deadly week that many in Boston said they hoped had finally come to an end . Across the country , on a packed Delta 757 flying from Atlanta to Chicago , passengers clapped after a flight attendant made an announcement over the intercom : "  Police have the suspect in custody . He 's alive . " Sarah-Ann Soffer , 30 , gave the flight attendant the news after spotting it on Twitter . Reading the news and sharing it with her fellow passengers was an experience the public relations manager says she 'll never forget . "  Everyone , you could tell , was just like holding in their breath at that moment . You could tell there was that kind of sigh of relief . You could breathe again , " she said . "  It was one of these moments , where you know where you are when they happen . ... I was n't sitting on my couch . I was 30,000 feet above the ground , witnessing history . " CNN 's Wayne Drash reported from Watertown . CNN 's David Ariosto reported from Boston . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Poppy Harlow and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Music blares as revelers pour onto Boston streets , brandishing American flags Student : "  I feel like I can go back to school now and know that I 'm safe " Crowds clap , cheer after learning the marathon bombing suspect has been arrested "  I 'm glad it 's over , " resident says , "  the city and the people have gone through so much pain "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will meet Tuesday with the son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to discuss deepening ties between Washington and Tripoli , senior State Department officials said Monday . Saif al Islam Gadhafi has been credited with convincing his father to compensate victims of a 1988 bombing . "  It 's a growing , evolving relationship , " one senior official said , calling Saif al Islam Gadhafi "  a significant political figure . " Al Islam Gadhafi , who has been mentioned as a possible successor to his father , is in the United States on a private visit . Libyan activists have urged Rice not to meet with Gadhafi 's son while in the U.S. until leading Libyan dissident Fathi Eljahmi is released from prison after seven years behind bars . The Western-educated al Islam Gadhafi is widely credited with convincing his father to abandon his weapons of mass destruction program and compensate victims of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , in order to forge better ties with the West . In September he announced he was retiring from political life to push for political and economic reforms through his Gadhafi International Charity and Development Foundation , of which he is the chairman . In an interview with CNN , he said it was time for Libya to embrace democracy and establish a parliament and a constitution . His visit comes amid warming ties between the United States and Libya following an agreement between the two countries on a final settlement for the Lockerbie bombing . President Bush called Moammar Gadhafi Monday to express his satisfaction that a settlement for the Flight 103 bombing has been fully implemented . The State Department described the call as the first conversation on record between a U.S. president and the flamboyant Libyan leader . A Libyan intelligence officer was convicted of masterminding the bombing , and Libya was obligated to pay $ 2.7 billion in compensation to the families of the 270 victims killed in the attack , or $ 10 million per family . At least 189 of the people on board were Americans . "  The two leaders discussed that this agreement should help to bring a painful chapter in the history between our two countries closer to closure , " said National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe . "  While we will always mourn the loss of life as a result of past terrorist activities , the settlement agreement is an important step in repairing the relationship between Libya and the United States , " Johndroe said . "  Libya has taken important steps on the road to normalizing its relations with the international community , beginning with its renunciation in 2003 of terrorism and weapons of mass destruction . " The agreement was fully implemented October 31 . The Bush administration lifted most U.S. sanctions against Libya in April 2004 , opening the way for U.S. investments and commercial activities . In September , Rice made a historic visit to Libya , where she met with Gadhafi -- the first visit by a secretary of state in 54 years .	Son of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi is on private visit to U.S. Condoleezza Rice , Saif al Islam Gadhafi to discuss U.S.-Libya ties , officials say Libyan activists say meeting should n't happen until jailed dissident is freed President Bush calls elder Gadhafi over implementation of 1988 bombing settlement
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There is an increasing threat of homegrown terror stemming from segments of a deeply isolated and alienated Somali-American community , a U.S. Senate committee hearing concluded Wednesday . Sen. Joseph Lieberman says a number of Somali-Americans support terrorist groups . The hearing , conducted by the Senate Homeland and Governmental Affairs Committee , focused on the attempted recruitment of young Somali-American men by al-Shabaab , "  a violent and brutal extremist  Somali  group " with significant ties to al Qaeda , according to the U.S. State Department . "  Over the last two years , individuals from the Somali community in the United States , including American citizens , have left for Somalia to support and in some cases fight on behalf of al-Shabaab , " noted the committee 's chairman , Sen. Joseph Lieberman , I-Connecticut . Al-Shabaab -- also known as the Mujahedeen Youth Movement -- was officially designated as a terrorist organization by the U.S. government in March 2008 . The hearing highlighted the case of Shirwa Ahmed , a 27-year-old Somali-American who had been radicalized by al-Shabaab in his adopted home state of Minnesota before traveling to Somalia and blowing up himself and 29 others in October . The idea that Ahmed was radicalized in the United States raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community . The incident -- the first suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen -- was the "  most significant case of homegrown American terrorism recruiting based on violent Islamist ideology , " Lieberman said . "  The dangers brought to light by these revelations is clear : radicalized individuals trained in terrorist tactics and in possession of American passports can clearly pose a threat to the security of our country , " said Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine . Segments of the Somali-American community have been made vulnerable to recruitment by al-Shabaab because of a particularly tumultuous adjustment to American life , noted Andrew Liepman , deputy director for intelligence at the National Counterterrorism Center . "  Despite significant efforts to facilitate their settlement into American communities , many Somali immigrants face isolation , " Liepman said . "  The  tough  adjustment to American society has reinforced their greater insularity compared to other more integrated recent immigrant communities and has aggravated the challenges of assimilation for their children , " he said . Somalis began arriving in the United States in significant numbers following the U.S. intervention in Somalia 's humanitarian crisis in 1992 , Liepman said . The Somali-American population is now concentrated in clusters primarily in Minneapolis , Minnesota ; Columbus , Ohio ; Seattle , Washington ; and San Diego , California . The potential recruitment of young Somali-American men has been made possible by "  a number of factors that come together when a dynamic , influential and extremist leader gains access to a despondent and disenfranchised group of young men , " Liepman said . Many refugees , he said , "  lack structure and definition in their lives " and are "  torn between their parents ' traditional tribal and clan identities and the new cultures and traditions offered by American society . " Liepman pointed out that there was no evidence of a radicalization of the entire Somali-American community , now believed to number between 70,000 and 200,000 people . In fact , he said , the Somali-American community has been victimized by a "  small group of extremists who are essentially terrorizing their own community , who are recruiting and radicalizing young people within that community . " "  We do n't have radicalized communities . We have radicalized clusters of  young  people , " emphasized Philip Mudd , a director of the FBI 's national security branch . The potential terrorist indoctrination and recruitment was a consequence of these clusters , Liepman said , and is the product of "  the refugee experience of fleeing a war-torn country combined with isolation , perceived discrimination , marginalization and frustrated expectations . "  Local criminal familial and clan dynamics make some members of this community more susceptible to  this  sort of extremist influence " of groups such as al-Shabaab , he said . Liepman said there is a serious concern about individuals being indoctrinated by al Qaeda and al-Shabaab while in Somalia and then returning to the United States "  with the intention to conduct attacks . "	Committee focused on recruitment of Somali-Americans by group with al Qaeda ties Hearing highlighted case of the first suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen Recruitment is a result of "  refugee experience " and "  isolation , " official says
CNN  -- Two Connecticut police officers were found guilty Monday of violating the civil rights of Latinos after a federal investigation uncovered a culture of bias within the East Haven Police Department , according to prosecutors . Officer Dennis Spaulding and former officer David Cari were convicted of conspiring to violate and violating the civil rights of Latinos in the East Haven community , according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney of the District of Connecticut . Spaulding and Cari worked together to "  injure , threaten and intimidate " Latinos in the Connecticut community , according to prosecutors . Evidence presented during the month-long trial showed that the men made unlawful arrests , including the arrest of a Catholic priest , at times using excessive force . The men later conspired to cover up evidence of their conduct by falsifying reports and blocking an investigation , prosecutors said . "  No one is above the law , and no one is beneath the law 's protection , " acting U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly said Monday . "  The illegal behavior detailed during the course of this trial chips away at the public 's trust in all members of law enforcement , the vast majority of whom serve honorably and bravely each and every day . " Cari and Spaulding , along with two other East Haven police officers -- John Miller and Jason Zullo -- were arrested in January 2012 following a federal investigation into racial profiling in the city . "  They behaved like bullies with badges , " Janice Fedarcyk , assistant FBI director in New York , said in 2012 . "  For some in our community , today 's verdict provides a sense of vindication and closure . For others , especially our Police family , it is a difficult and sad occasion , " East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo said in a statement Monday . "  What is clear is that for all of our residents , it is an opportunity to close a difficult chapter in our Town 's past and move forward as one , unified community . " Maturo said the city has made several changes since the arrests , such as opening up the police department , holding community meetings , offering cultural sensitivity training to town employees and providing resourced for residents with limited English proficiency . The indictment that led to the trial cited instances including an occasion on January 21 , 2009 , when Spaulding and Zullo assaulted two individuals they had arrested under false pretenses , slamming their heads against the station 's cell block walls . The indictment cited a similar incident in which Miller struck a detainee who was handcuffed after the detainee was propped up by two other patrol officers . The 2012 arrests came just weeks after a scathing Department of Justice report , derived from an investigation that began in September 2009 , accusing the town 's police of engaging in "  discriminatory policing against Latinos . " In a letter to Mayor Maturo , Assistant U.S. Attorney General Thomas J. Perez said the practice was "  deeply rooted in the department 's culture , " citing statistical analysis that showed Latinos had been "  intentionally targeted " for traffic stops . The letter provided an example of a particular officer 's stops , 40.5 % of which were of Latino drivers . Overall , the investigation found that 19.9 % of traffic stops made by East Haven police were against Latino drivers , concluding it "  shows pervasive discrimination against Latinos on every level of EHPD traffic enforcement activity . " The report also accused some officers of conducting unauthorized immigration investigations . It mentioned "  numerous incident reports " in which officers contacted Immigration and Customs Enforcement to check on the status or seek an immigration detention of a Latino . Investigators said the tactic was "  used to harass and intimidate Latinos rather than pursue legitimate law enforcement objectives . " Police Chief Leonard Gallo retired in February 2012 amid controversy after the arrests were made . The controversy spread beyond the police department to the mayor 's office . After being asked by a reporter in 2012 what he 'd do for the Latino community in light of the officers ' arrest , Maturo said that "  I might have tacos when I get home , I 'm not quite sure yet . " Cari and Spaulding are set to be sentenced on January 21 , 2014 . Miller pleaded guilty to a civil rights violation by use of unreasonable force during the course of an arrest in September 2012 . Zullo pleaded guilty to one count of obstruction in October 2012 , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Both Miller and Zullo are awaiting sentencing . Connecticut mayor apologizes for ` taco ' comment CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Patricia Pedraza contributed to this report .	Four East Haven officers were arrested in 2012 after a federal investigation into racial profiling Two had already pleded guilty to separate charges The remaining two were convicted Monday and will be sentenced in January Prosecutor : The cops ' behavior "  chips away at the public 's trust in ... law enforcement "
INDIAN WELLS , California  CNET  -- -- Billionaire and clean-energy proponent T. Boone Pickens said that the U.S. should establish a federally funded loan program , or bank , to finance large-scale wind developments . T. Boone Pickens says the U.S. should create a federal loan program to finance wind projects , like his own . Pickens spoke on Wednesday at the Clean-Tech Investor Summit here where he talked about his Pickens Plan for reducing imports of foreign oil . He also offered a number of energy policy recommendations . His plan , launched in July , calls for spending $ 150 billion over the next 10 years to install turbines in the "  wind corridor " of the Midwest United States , from Texas to Canada . The other major plank of the plan is to convert vehicles to run on domestic natural gas . In both areas -- wind and natural gas -- Boone has business interests . If completed , his Mesa Power wind project will make 4,000 megawatts of electricity , which would make it one of the largest wind farms , capable of powering 1.3 million homes . Boone has made a down payment on $ 2 billion worth of General Electric wind turbines , which are set for delivery in 2011 . The credit crisis , however , has disrupted the financing for the project , although Boone still thinks the project will get done . "  There 's no money to finance it , but I think it 's all going to happen . I 'm an optimistic entrepreneur type , " he said . To help wind developers and achieve the Pickens Plan target of 20 percent of electricity from wind , Boone said that the U.S. government should establish a "  wind bank " that would give wind developers loans . A wind bank would be a "  fraction " of the projected $ 825 million in federal spending on a stimulus package , he said . It would also be cheaper than continuing to spend money on foreign oil , he argued . Pickens says he is not opposed to other clean energy technologies , like battery-powered cars . But heavy-duty vehicles ca n't run on batteries effectively . One diesel garbage truck emits as much pollution as 350 cars . To overcome that , he proposes an investment of $ 28 billion to purchase 350,000 heavy trucks that run on natural gas . The fueling infrastructure will follow once those trucks are on the road and corporations start to replace their fleets . "  You can not get to the conclusion that we can reduce foreign oil in a significant way without using natural gas , " he said . The oil tycoon and life-long Republican has advised a number of politicians on how to cut oil imports . He has also spent $ 58 million on a public awareness campaign , which he says is successful because the media and politicians now regularly talk about energy . Back story on the Pickens Plan In a briefing with reporters , Pickens offered some color on how he decided to launch the plan . He met with former President Bush in April 2008 to urge him to adopt the core ideas of the Pickens Plan and establish an "  energy legacy . " Bush 's response , according to Boone , was that he would n't have enough time to meet the goals . Six weeks later , Boone had still gotten no response from the Bush administration . One night at two o'clock in the morning , he woke his wife up and told her : "  Somebody 's got to do this . " Shortly after , he began work on the public awareness campaign . "  I said , ` Hell , it 's up to me . ' I honestly felt it was the patriotic thing to do . I 'm 80 , I got the money to do it , so let 's just go ahead and do it , " he explained . He said if current trends continue , the U.S. will be importing 75 percent of its oil in 2019 -- more than today -- and be paying high prices -- in the $ 200 to $ 300 range -- because of the supply can not keep up with the demand . In doing focus groups in conjunction with launching the Pickens Plan , the billionaire found that many Americans do n't believe what politicians say about energy . But he said he does n't fault them . "  They 're not lying . They really do n't understand energy , " he said . Pickens met with Barack Obama during the campaign and has met with his transition team twice . He says it 's clear that the administration is committed to green technology . "  Obama  is a charismatic guy . I think he can pull it off and it will bring everybody together , " he said . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Billionaire T. Boone Pickens says the U.S. should establish a federal "  wind bank " The federally funded loan program would finance large-scale wind developments Pickens spoke Wednesday at the Clean-Tech Investor Summit in California His plan calls for spending $ 150 billion to install wind turbines in the Midwest
CNN  -- It may not be "  High Noon , " but the Red Bull team are facing a Shanghai showdown when their two drivers resume rivalries at this weekend 's Chinese Grand Prix . Sebastian Vettel has been vilified for ignoring team orders and passing his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber in Malaysia to whisk the win from under the Australian 's nose . Directly behind the dueling Red Bulls , the opposite scenario was playing out as Nico Rosberg reluctantly obeyed team orders not to overtake his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton for third place , even though the German appeared to have a quicker car . The controversial issue of team orders in Formula 1 has once again tested respect between teammates -- and ahead of Sunday 's race Vettel said he would probably do it again given he felt Webber had not supported him in the past -- and raised question marks over the purity of the sport 's racing . The willingness to accept team orders often relies on a tacit understanding between the drivers , on their status within the team and how the race will be run . Former Honda , Brawn and Williams driver Rubens Barrichello -- who spent six years as Michael Schumacher 's deputy at Ferrari -- explained : "  In the team meeting before the race you have to talk about various situations . "  Obviously there is an interest in doing the best for the team , " Barrichello told CNN . "  All the team wants to see is if one driver has a problem he will not make it difficult for his teammate . "  If it was agreed before by both drivers that they needed to go lower on revs -- and if that is a code for no overtaking -- then that is what they had agreed . " Webber was told to turn down his engine revs after taking the lead in Malaysia . He understood that instruction meant -- as Barrichello suggested -- he would not be passed by his teammate . But the fact that Vettel chose to ignore this instruction and run his own race has left serious , unanswered questions over his respect for Webber . Taking the low road "  I do n't think there 's the same respect now for other drivers , " British racing legend Stirling Moss told CNN . During his F1 career between 1951-60 , Moss would only sign contracts that named him as the team 's number one driver . In his era of racing , that meant if there was a problem with his speed machine , he could simply call in his teammate and take over his car . There was , however , one exception to Moss ' rule when , in 1955 , he signed for Mercedes alongside Argentine great Juan Manuel Fangio . The pair shared a mutual respect on and off track , says Moss , even though it was "  El Maestro " who would capture his third world title at the end of the season . "  When I was at Mercedes with Fangio there were no pit orders at all until we had a 30-second lead over the rest of the field , " Moss recalled . "  When a team had the lead , the number one driver would hold position and not pass him , says Moss . "  I respected Fangio so much that I was just as happy to be number two . I was quite happy to sit right behind him . It did n't worry me , " he said . "  We were known as the train because I was only about two yards behind him the whole race ! " It 's all different now though , says Moss . "  Because  Red Bull  had specifically said to  Vettel  let Webber have it , that made him a naughty boy but he felt , ` well dammit , why should n't I win ? ' I do n't think he 'll ever repair that damage because he probably thinks ` well , that 's the way I race . ' " Career-defining moments On the other side of the garage , the Malaysia team orders drama may have more emotional , career-defining consequences for Webber , whose Red Bull contract expires at the end of the season . Barrichello can empathize with Webber 's position as he considers his perpetual role as Red Bull 's "  number two " driver . The Brazilian was famously forced to cede first place to Schumacher by Ferrari in the controversial 2002 Austrian Grand Prix . It was the start of a long period of reflection for Barrichello . "  In my case in Austria there were eight laps of conversation because they told me that I should do something that was not agreed , " he explained . Because of what happened in Austria , people think there was something that was written in his contract . But there was n't , says Barrichello . "  The year before in Austria I had let Michael by when I was second and he was third and I had that conversation with the team afterwards when I said : ` Listen , what would happen if I was first ? ' And they said : ` We would never ask you that if you were first , ' " he explains . "  And then it was exactly the case the following year in 2002 . I refused to do it until the penultimate corner because it was not agreed . "  It was very hard , it was absolutely very , very hard . I really tried to give my very best to see if the team would ultimately change the philosophy . " It was the reason why the Brazilian quit his Ferrari contract one year early in 2005 . "  I saw that there was no winning scenario , the case was lost , " he said . That career-defining moment for Barrichello also led to a decision by the sport 's governing body , the FIA , to ban team orders that directly affected the outcome of a race . Ironically , it was another infamous incident between two Ferrari drivers in 2010 -- when Felipe Massa was told to surrender the lead to teammate Fernando Alonso -- that led to a ban on team orders being stripped from the rulebook in 2011 . There was simply no point trying to police something that has always been an intrinsic part of the sport . Teams before drivers Team orders have always existed in F1 because , in simple terms , teams also want to be happy -- and that often means making money . It is , after all , the teams who finance the drivers ' fun and it is their brand and sponsors who they are protecting . When the top teams are spending $ 1m a day it makes business sense to protect that investment by not allowing drivers to race freely if there is a danger that in the heat of the moment both cars could take each other out of the race . "  The team has always been the most important thing , " said Moss . "  I drove for teams like Mercedes and Maserati and at one time I drove my own car which meant I could do what the hell I liked ! " he said . "  But once you 're with a company you really have to do what they tell you to . It 's a professional business with very big money , which it was n't  when I drove  . Drivers are being paid like film stars now . " This constant clamor of commercial team interests means the men at the wheel of the world 's fastest cars often have to suppress their racing instincts . That is exactly what Rosberg did in Malaysia and exactly what Vettel chose not to do . Do F1 drivers simply have to accept that when it comes to racing it is the team who ultimately decides how a race is run ? "  I do n't think drivers accept that , " says Barrichello . "  There are racetracks when one driver can do better than another and there should be freedom for them to decide that . They should be allowed to fight . " Moss , meanwhile , understands Vettel 's racing instincts . "  I suppose he was a naughty boy , " Moss says , "  but he is a racing driver who 's paid to go fast . "  I 'm glad I raced when I did and not now because the pleasure was so much more then and the racing certainly was purer . " Few of F1 's global television audience of half-a-billion fans would disagree with Moss . Who wants to watch races that have been massaged and manipulated by team orders ? But the furore across global media outlets and social media sites following the Malaysian GP also proved F1 fans balked at the unsporting flavor of Vettel 's victory -- even if he was doing what a triple world champion is supposed to do , race . There appears to be a thin divide between team orders that protect a worthy longtime leader and instructions that see him denied the taste of champagne from the top step of the podium . Vettel , Webber and Red Bull will begin to find out how much crossing that line in Malaysia has hurt them when they reunite in Shanghai .	Team orders in Formula 1 are a hot topic once again following events in Malaysia Red Bull teammates at odds after Sebastian Vettel overtakes Mark Webber against team orders Rubens Barrichello , a deputy to Michael Schumacher at Ferrari , empathizes with Webber F1 legend Stirling Moss believes there is less respect between drivers in modern racing
CNN  -- The surviving members of The Doors do n't have many kind words for the recent pardon of legendary singer Jim Morrison by Florida authorities . Outgoing Florida Gov. Charlie Crist helped pave the way for the pardon earlier this month , clearing Morrison from a 40-year-old indecent exposure arrest and conviction . But Morrison 's old bandmates , Ray Manzarek , John Densmore and Robby Krieger , said the gesture was too little too late . "  We do n't feel Jim needs to be pardoned for anything , " The Doors members said in a statement Wednesday . "  The charges against him were largely an opportunity for grandstanding by ambitious politicians -- not to mention an affront to free speech and a massive waste of time and taxpayer dollars . " The statements also said : "  If the State of Florida and the City of Miami want to make amends for the travesty of Jim Morrison 's arrest and prosecution 40 years after the fact , an apology would be more appropriate -- and expunging the whole sorry matter from the record . " Morrison had been performing with the band at a typically raucous concert at Miami 's Key Auditorium on March 1 , 1969 , when the incident took place . Reportedly drunk and slurring obscenities at the crowd , he was accused of unzipping his pants and simulating a sex act , a charge he denied . Despite being acquitted of lascivious behavior and drunkenness , Morrison was convicted of indecent exposure and open profanity , and sentenced to six months in jail . He was still appealing the verdict in 1971 when he died in Paris of a heart attack at the age of 27 . He would have turned 67 on Wednesday . Doors fans have long appealed for an official pardon for "  The Lizard King , " petitioning previous Florida governors without success . Many argue that the trial was a sham and that there was no conclusive evidence supporting the exposure charge against Morrison .	Morrison was accused of shouting obscenities at a crowd and exposing himself He was pardoned in early December Florida Gov. Charlie Christ helped to get the pardon for Morrison
CNN  The arrest and death of Freddie Gray in Baltimore has stoked protests and accusations of police brutality . But it 's unclear how Gray , arrested on a weapons charge April 12 , suffered a severe spinal cord injury that led to his death seven days later . Here are the big questions surrounding this explosive case : Gray 's arrest What we know : Gray was arrested on a weapons charge in a high-crime area of Baltimore known for drugs . He "  gave up without the use of force , " according to Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez . An officer apparently took his Taser out , and was prepared to use it on Gray , but he never deployed it , Rodriguez said , and none of the six officers involved in the arrest describe using force against the 25-year-old . Gray was placed inside a police van and was able to talk , said Rodriguez who described Gray as upset . "  And when Mr. Gray was taken out of that van , he could not talk , and he could not breathe , " according to Rodriguez . What we do n't know : It 's unknown what caused the spinal cord injury that led to his death a week after the arrest , and it 's also unknown what , if anything , happened inside the van . The knife What we know : Court documents allege that Baltimore Police Department Officer Garrett Miller arrested Gray after finding a switchblade in his pocket . The Gray family attorney called the allegation a "  sideshow . " Gray was carrying a "  pocket knife of legal size , " attorney William Murphy told CNN . Police never saw the knife and chased Gray only after he ran from them , the attorney said . The court documents also say that Gray "  fled unprovoked upon noticing police presence . " "  The officer noticed a knife clipped to the inside of his front right pants pocket . The defendant was arrested without force or incident , " the documents say . "  The knife was recovered by this officer and found to be a spring assisted , one-hand-operated knife . " Maryland law makes it illegal to "  wear or carry a dangerous weapon of any kind concealed on or about the person , " including switchblades . What we do n't know : It 's not clear that simply having a knife is a crime , said Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake . "  It is not necessarily probable cause to chase someone . So , we still have questions , " she said . What can be seen on the released video What we know : Segments of cell phone video shot from two different positions appear to begin after Gray has been arrested and show officers dragging Gray , who is handcuffed , to a van . He can be heard screaming . "  He was dragged a bit , " said Rawlings-Blake , "  but then you see him using his legs to get into the van , so he was able-bodied when he was in the van , and we know that when he was finally taken out of the van , he was unresponsive . " Officers placed more restraints on Gray inside the van , police said , while surveillance video recorded him conscious and talking . That was at 8:54 a.m. . At 9:24 a.m. , police called an ambulance for Gray . Police say Gray requested medical attention , including an inhaler , and an ambulance later took him to the University of Maryland Medical Center 's Shock Trauma Center . What we do n't know : It 's unknown why Gray screamed , and the video does n't capture the entire incident , start to end . It 's unclear what happened between 8:54 a.m. and 9:24 a.m. Police response What we know : In the wake of Gray 's death , six police officers have been suspended . Their names were released Tuesday , a standard procedure after an "  in-custody death , " said Baltimore Police Department spokesman Capt. Eric Kowalczyk . It does n't mean the officers did anything wrong or that they were the only officers involved , he said . They are : Lt. Brian Rice , 41 , who joined the department in 1997 ; Officer Caesar Goodson , 45 , who joined in 1999 ; Sgt. Alicia White , 30 , who joined in 2010 ; Officer William Porter , 25 , who joined in 2012 ; Officer Garrett Miller , 26 , who joined in 2012 ; and Officer Edward Nero , 29 , who joined in 2012 . Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said that authorities plan to conclude their investigation by May 1 . Their findings will go to the state 's attorney 's office , where prosecutors will decide whether charges should be filed . What we do n't know : The officers say they did n't use force against Gray , but that 's not certain . Gray 's past run-ins with authorities What we know : According to court documents CNN obtained , there were more than 20 criminal court cases in Maryland against Gray , and five of those cases were still active at the time of his death . The cases involve mostly drug-related charges , but there are charges from March for second-degree assault and destruction of property . Gray was due in court on a possession charge on April 24 . He had been in and out of prison since 2009 for various drug cases , said Maryland Department of Corrections spokesman Gerard Shields . In February 2009 , he was sentenced to four years in prison for two counts of drug possession with intent to deliver . Shields said he could not determine from records what kind of drug was involved . Gray was paroled on June 30 , 2011 . On April 4 , 2012 , Gray was arrested for violating parole but he did n't go back to prison , Shields said , reasoning that whatever Gray allegedly did , it "  was something minor . " Gray went back to prison again in May 2013 for drug possession and served a month . He was released in June . What we do n't know : It 's not known whether Gray 's criminal past had anything to do with his arrest , or his death . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Stephanie Gallman and Eliott C. McLaughlin , Dana Ford and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Gray was arrested on a weapons charge April 12 ; he was dead seven days later Gray was placed inside a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear if anything happened inside the van Gray has a criminal history but it 's unclear whether that had anything to do with his arrest , or death
A Senate committee 's approval of a resolution authorizing military force against Syria gave some momentum to President Barack Obama 's effort to win overall congressional support for the effort , but conference calls involving members of his own party indicate that it 's still an uphill battle in the House . With Obama in Sweden and Russia trying in part to rally global backing to punish Syria for its alleged use of chemical weapons , his chief of staff briefed two Democratic blocs -- the solidly anti-war liberal Congressional Progressive Caucus and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus . Several members who participated in the calls indicated the administration still has a lot of work to do . "  If I had to vote today , I would vote no , " Missouri Rep. Emmanuel Cleaver told CNN . Cleaver noted he had multiple concerns before Wednesday 's call , which occurred on the same day the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved a resolution authorizing a limited military strike on Syria . The administration says there is overwhelming evidence that Bashar al-Assad 's regime killed more than 1,400 people in a chemical weapons attack earlier this month outside Damascus , violating global conventions against their use , further escalating a two-year civil war , and putting civilians and allies in the region at new risk . A key question Cleaver did n't dispute the evidence , but asked a question that others have posed over the past two weeks . "  What is the U.S. position -- do we react militarily when people get murdered with sarin gas ? Do we respond when people are slaughtered in Darfur when sarin is not used ? " he said . Cleaver , the former head of the Congressional Black Caucus , said he 's willing to listen to a classified explanation , but the case has n't been made yet . "  What form of slaughter is more repugnant ? " he asked . The Congressional Black Caucus is scheduled to meet with National Security Adviser Susan Rice in a closed meeting on Monday , a caucus spokeswoman said . No doubt , Cleaver will hear from constituents on the issue when he holds a town hall meeting at home in Kansas City on Thursday evening . Although Obama has appealed to congress to act for the good of humanity , polls show that most Americans surveyed do not want the United States to intervene in the Syrian conflict , which the United Nations estimates has claimed more than 100,000 lives . The administration , working with Congress , has said it is planning for a limited strike , which experts believe would involve cruise missiles . Senior officials have said there are no plans to involve American combat troops , a restriction reinforced by the Foreign Relations Committee resolution that has yet to be considered by the full chamber . Another Democrat who listened to the call , Illinois Rep. Jan Schakowsky , also agreed that the evidence was convincing that the al-Assad regime used weapons against its own people . But in a statement to CNN after the call Schakowsky , who sits on the intelligence committee , said the information so far was helpful but not sufficient . "  As much as I need to consider the scope and duration of any attack , I have many questions about its efficacy , " Schakowsky said . "  I want to know to know what evidence the administration can provide that this strike will denigrate the Assad regime 's ability to use these weapons again , what plans have been made for possible retaliation and a clear sense of the end game . " The Republican battle over Syria Iraq a factor The U.S. experience in the protracted and costly Iraq war weighs heavily on House Democrats , and many are pushing to include specific limitations on the length and scope of any military mission . Many members of Congress also remember the faulty intelligence that underpinned the U.S. rationale for invading Iraq a decade ago . One senior Democratic aide who participated in the White House call with Hispanic members said there remains a broad spectrum of questions about the need for military action against Syria . But "  for those that are on the fence the resolution has to be as limited and tailored as possible before they will vote for it , " the aide said . Senior House Democratic aides cautioned that it 's still premature to gauge the votes , and said the vast majority of House Democrats are still undecided and asking for more information . A steady stream of rank and file House Republicans have announced their opposition to a resolution , with House Speaker John Boehner expressing support for a strike but making it clear it 's up to the White House to secure the votes . The pressure is on for Democratic leaders to convince a significant chunk of war weary House Democrats to back the president . Even within top Democratic leadership ranks there are divisions . Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer support the president , and are in close contact with the White House . But the No. 3 leader , Rep. Jim Clyburn is not aboard yet . "  Issues of war & peace require thoughtful consideration . I reserve judgment on Syria until a resolution and more details are forthcoming , " Clyburn said in a statement released via Twitter . House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra , however , is now saying he is prepared to vote ` yes ' if the military response is limited . While Pelosi and Hoyer are n't formally putting pressure on members , they are soliciting input on the language members could support for a resolution . For the second time in two days , Pelosi sent a letter to House Democrats urging them to attend classified briefings and review the report laying out the evidence on the use of chemical weapons . Pelosi was asked by TIME on Tuesday if she thought she could bring her caucus into the ` aye ' column . "  I do n't know . I think it would be important to get a majority in the Congress . But I do n't know if it 's important how you would break it down . These issues are not really partisan , " she said . Cleaver was reluctant to characterize the breadth of opposition among his colleagues . "  There is a great amount of skepticism floating over the Capitol , " he said . More classified briefings Cleaver added that the support among party leaders in Congress for a military response is unlikely to sway fellow House Democrats . Two more classified briefings with administration officials are scheduled for Thursday and Friday . But most members are still out of town for the congressional recess and will not have a chance to review the evidence until another closed session set for Monday evening , the first day Congress is officially back at work . But the issue has many Democrats mindful of what 's at stake if they oppose their president . Cleaver said he was "  invested in the success of President Barack Obama " and wanted history to judge his presidency "  more positively than negatively . " Schakowsky also referenced history as she wrestles with her vote . "  As a Jew , I am mindful how the world stood by when millions of Jewish people were gassed to death and feel an obligation to oppose such actions , " she said . "  The question remains what 's the most effective way to make clear to the world that the U.S. will stand against such atrocities . " How will Senate vote ? How will House vote ?	Many in president 's own party in House undecided or skeptical of Syria military action Anti-war liberals present especially tough challenge for administration in lobbying effort Senate committee action , support from leadership not a lock to bring in more ` aye ' votes Congress remains on recess until next week ; White House reaching out with briefings
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso will battle it out for the Formula One title at the final race in Brazil after Lewis Hamilton 's victory in Texas ensured the German must wait for his third successive championship crown . Hamilton secured back-to-back victories at the United States Grand Prix in front of a capacity crowd of 135,000 , overtaking Red Bull 's Vettel on lap 42 of 56 in Austin and relegating the 25-year-old to second in his 100th F1 race . Alonso kept his title dream alive by finishing third , and gained a controversial place on the grid before the race after teammate Felipe Massa broke the seal on his Ferrari 's gearbox and took a five place penalty . It all points towards a dramatic climax in Sao Paulo , where Vettel will defend a 13-point lead over his Spanish rival , needing to finish fourth or higher to retain the world championship . Latest F1 standings The race marked a triumphant return to the United States for Formula One after an absence of five years , with drivers and pundits impressed with the show put on at the newly built Circuit of the Americas . Though he did n't clinch the drivers ' championship crown , Vettel 's performance did ensure Red Bull won the constructors ' championship for the third time in a row . But the German , who was heard to be angry on the team radio after Hamilton passed him , blamed Force India backmarker Narain Karthikeyan for slowing him down at a critical moment of the race . "  I was n't too happy to send a nice big invitation to Lewis when I had to go through Karthikeyan , " he said . "  He was right behind in the DRS zone . He took that opportunity , fair enough , down the straight and he passed me . I tried to defend , but I knew he would have so much more speed . "  I was obviously not too happy . Lewis had one chance and he took it . After that I tried to stay with him , but there was n't much between us . " Vettel got to the first corner in front of the chasing pack off the grid and his teammate Mark Webber was able to steal a place on Hamilton and move into second . But after Webber retired with mechanical failure on lap 17 Hamilton began stalking Vettel until he engaged his DRS boost to flick past the German 14 laps from home , the pair 's cars only a matter of inches apart . Can F1 rekindle its American dream ? Alonso jumped a place after Ferrari 's decision to invoke a five-place grid penalty for Felipe Massa , which meant he switched from the dusty , slower portion of the track to the clean side . The difference was clear as Alonso charged round the outside and gained three places going into the first corner . The Spaniard also benefited from Webber 's retirement as he held on to third place . Massa battled his way up to fourth place while Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Jenson Button claimed fifth . Hamilton , who will end his long association with McLaren after the final race of the campaign in Brazil , was elated with his victory , his second successive triumph in the States after winning the last US GP at Indianapolis in 2007 . "  First-time winner ! I 'm so happy , " he said . "  The fans were amazing , thank you . It was such a warm welcome and one of the best , if not the best , race of the year -- especially for me and the team . "  It 's been a long time since we had a win . I 'm so proud of the team and grateful for the support we 've had . "	F1 title will go to the final race of the season after Lewis Hamilton wins US GP Sebastian Vettel is second and extends lead over Fernando Alonso to 13 points Red Bull 's Vettel and Ferrari 's Alonso will go head-to-head for the title in Brazil Vettel 's display secures Red Bull their third successive constructors ' championship
CNN  -- Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has until May 27 to respond to the National Basketball Association , which on Monday "  initiated a charge " seeking to terminate all ownership rights in the franchise , the NBA announced in a written statement . Sterling , who owns the team with his wife , Shelly , through a family trust , will also be allowed to make a presentation at a special Board of Governors meeting scheduled for June 3 . However , attorney Maxwell Blecher has demanded on behalf of Sterling that the NBA give the longtime owner a three-month extension to prepare his response , Sports Illustrated reported Monday night . The magazine , which like CNN is owned by Time Warner , said the NBA would reject the request . A receptionist at Blecher 's office told CNN she had been advised to give a "  no comment " to all media inquiries involving Donald Sterling . The NBA declined to comment on the Sports Illustrated report . In order to terminate the Sterlings ' franchise rights , 75 %  23  of the 30 team owners would have to vote to sustain the charge and force a sale . Because Sterling is banned from any NBA activities , he is not allowed to vote , but the Clippers will have a vote , the NBA said . NBA bylaws say that if Sterling does n't respond in five business days or appear at a hearing , it will be deemed an admission to the "  total validity " of the charge . If the owner does appear , he may be represented by a lawyer , but the NBA constitution says : "  Strict rules of evidence shall not apply , and all relevant and material evidence submitted prior to and at the hearing may be received and considered . " The 80-year-old lawyer and billionaire real estate investor is already fighting a $ 2.5 million fine and a lifetime ban imposed by NBA Commissioner Adam Silver . The longtime owner has argued he has been denied due process . The NBA included his failure to pay among the reasons for the charge . The league said it has been damaged by Sterling 's racist remarks to V. Stiviano that were posted online in April by TMZ and in an interview with CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  Among other things , Mr. Sterling disparaged African-Americans and ` minorities ' ; directed a female acquaintance not to associate publicly with African-Americans or to bring African-Americans to Clippers games ; and criticized African-Americans for not supporting their communities , " the statement said . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's "  AC 360 " last week , Sterling talked about his relationship with Stiviano and racism in America , and he trashed Magic Johnson and other minorities . "  That 's one problem I have . Jews , when they get successful , they will help their people . And some of the African-Americans , maybe I 'll get in trouble again , they do n't want to help anybody , " said Sterling , who is Jewish . Some owners said privately -- and Mavericks owner Mark Cuban said publicly -- after the scandal first unfolded that it would be difficult to vote on removing an owner for a personal conversation . CNN 's Rachel Nichols told Cooper his interview has changed some minds , according to NBA insiders she had spoken with in the past week . "  If there were any owners who were concerned about should we be kicking someone out for a private tape ,  they  now feel more comfortable , " she said . "  Because Donald Sterling went on television with you and made statements that were abhorrent to so many people , they feel as if they are on much firmer ground to kick him out . " Sterling 's lawyer Last week , Sterling hired Blecher , an antitrust lawyer who has worked with him in the past , to fight the NBA . Shelly Sterling has said she wants to keep an ownership stake in the team but does n't want to be the controlling partner . Her attorney said she still hopes to resolve the "  dispute with the NBA . " "  Based on our initial assessment , we continue to believe there is no lawful basis for stripping Shelly Sterling of her 50 percent ownership interest in the Clippers . She is the innocent estranged spouse , " Pierce O'Donnell said . But the NBA said that Donald Sterling 's remarks are deemed actions of the entire ownership group . In his interview with Cooper , Sterling repeatedly denied he is a racist but admitted he made a mistake making the remarks that were recorded . In the recording , which drew widespread condemnation from fans , players and the league after it appeared on TMZ , Sterling chastises Stiviano for posting pictures online of her posing with African-Americans , including NBA legend Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . He tells her not to bring Johnson to Clippers games . "  Admire him , bring him here , feed him , f**k him , but do n't put  Magic  on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me , " he said . "  In your lousy f ** ing Instagrams , you do n't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people , " he said during a different portion of the recording . Stiviano , who has largely avoided the media since the scandal began , is scheduled to appear on "  Dr. Phil " on Wednesday . She may have more to say about the developing situation at that time . Sterling , who has owned the team since 1981 , said he was baited into saying those remarks . The Clippers ' turbulent season ended late Thursday in a 104-98 loss to Oklahoma City . The Thunder won the series four games to two . Dick Parsons , a former chairman of Citigroup and Time Warner , was tapped by the NBA to be the team 's interim chief executive . Sterling : I 'm not a racist , I 'm a giver Magic Johnson : I 'm going to pray for Sterling CNN 's Ed Payne , Jill Martin , Dave Alsup and Stephanie Elam contributed to this report .	NBA owners seem united since his Anderson Cooper interview , CNN 's Rachel Nichols says Sterling , an 80-year-old lawyer and billionaire investor , has said he is not a racist Sports Illustrated reports Sterling wants a three-month delay Shelly Sterling 's attorney said she is innocent victim , should keep her half of team
CNN  -- In the digital age , consumers expect more and more from their cars , and all brands are pushing the technological envelope . Swedish car company , Volvo , is hoping to deliver on the driver 's expectations , adding an option that 's far beyond anything that 's under the hood . Klas Bendrik , CIO of Volvo Car Group , is one of the brains behind the Roam delivery service , which aims to make e-shopping and deliveries more convenient . CNN : How does Roam work ? Klars Bendrik : How it would work is that a customer , via an online store , places a purchase then chooses the car as the delivery point . Then the transportation company gets the opportunity to deliver the goods directly to the vehicle and via a digital key , the transportation company is granted access to the customer 's vehicle . When the delivery has been made , the customer gets a confirmation back that the delivery has been done . CNN : How will you allay customer safety fears in giving complete strangers access to their vehicle ? KB : When it comes to safety and security , this is very important to us within Volvo cars . That goes for physical safety as well as virtual safety , so in this we 're working heavily with digital keys and digital certificates in order to ensure security for our customers . The customer grants that the delivery can be made and then gets the confirmation back once the delivery has been made , and that specific digital key ceases to exist . CNN : What challenges have there been in orchestrating this venture ? KB : One of the biggest challenges has been that Volvo is only one part of the delivery chain with online shoppers . There 's transportation companies , our customers and our vehicles , and bringing those aspects together has been one of the most challenging part . CNN : What are the benefits of using Roam ? If you take the example of consumers , online shopping is one of the areas where consumers can save time , money , and also add convenience to their lives . One of the challenges with online shopping is actually the delivery . When the delivery is supposed to be made , for example to homes , or in suburban areas , that becomes a hassle ; because the owner of the house is working , out of town and the delivery is sometimes bouncing . So the delivery company usually tries to make the delivery not only once , maybe twice , even three times . The Roam delivery service actually adds convenience and simplicity both for the customers and as well as for the distribution companies . The challenge now -LSB- is -RSB- to perfect the concept and get delivery companies to buy into the innovation . CNN : What effects will the service have on the automotive industry ? What we see today is that the car becomes connected , the customer becomes connected , that actually means that the car is part of the digital ecosystem and is integrated in the network society . And that has the opportunity to add additional services , connected services , to us as a society and also to us owners of the vehicle . And this is an area where we can see a rapid change within the automotive industry . READ MORE : Uber gets into the delivery game with Rush WATCH : Turning mobile advertising on its head READ MORE : The driverless vehicle is upon us	Volvo 's Roam service will deliver products to the trunks of customers ' cars They believe the venture will avoid frustrating time spent waiting at home for packages to be delivered Customers will make purchases online and then give the company digital keys , granting them access to the car trunk
Oscar-nominated Chinese filmmaker Zhang Yimou has been fined 7.48 million yuan  $ 1.2 million  for breaching China 's one-child policy , authorities say . A letter sent to Zhang by the family planning bureau of Binhu District of Wuxi City , Jiangsu province in eastern China on Thursday demanded that he pay a penalty for having two "  beyond-the-quota " children . The letter was posted on the district 's official account on Sina Weibo , China 's Twitter-like microblogging service . The fine comes after Zhang apologized in an open letter for his "  excessive children " in December . He and his wife , Chen Ting , admitted to having two sons and a daughter . "  As a film director , it takes a lot of efforts and good movies for people to remember you , but having excessive children had ruined it all , " he said , according to Xinhua , China 's state news agency . "  I sincerely apologize to everyone on my ` excessive children ' case . I admit it 's my mistake and I wo n't blame others for it . " "  I will learn my lessons , and I 'm willing to cooperate with any investigation from family planning commission , " Zhang said . Local officials in Jiangsu province calculated the fine based on the couple 's combined annual income , the document stated . Nine investigation teams had been sent to "  collect evidence " since November . The couple have to pay the fine within 30 days of receiving the letter , local authorities added . Zhang 's case comes after China adopted new rules to ease its one-child policy in December . The Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress passed a resolution to allow couples to have two children if one of the parents was an only child , according to Xinhua . Previously , a couple was only allowed a second child if both of them were only children . However , Zhang , best known for movies such as "  Red Sorghum , " "  Raise the Red Lantern , " and "  Hero , " is unlikely to benefit from the change . Zhang 's breach of the policy has set off a firestorm , especially among some netizens who resent how the rich and famous in China flout rules and policies . "  Is this really a huge sum ? Do you people know how much he makes from a single film ? Some are saying that the fines are too heavy . All I can say is that this is nothing to him , " Sina Weibo user __ 729 _ wrote on China 's equivalent of Twitter . But Zhang also had his defenders . "  Zhang is a good fellow , " wrote Sarah2007 on Sina Weibo . "  Even though the social maintenance fee is a ridiculous and shameless rip off , which no one knows what use it will be put to , he knows he has no choice , as a public figure , but to accept the fines with a with an earnest attitude . " The filmmaker also directed the opening and closing ceremonies of the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Opinion : China is not ending its human rights abuses	Renowned Chinese filmmaker Zhang Yimou penalized for violating China 's one-child policy Local authorities demand a hefty fine of 7.48 million yuan  $ 1.21 million Zhang apologized in December for his "  excessive children . " Zhang and his wife admitted to having two sons and a daughter
New York  CNN  -- In a pair of unrelated incidents , three suspects were apprehended at New York-area airports within days of each other for attempting to smuggle $ 1.4 million worth of cocaine and heroin through customs , federal officials said Friday . In the first incident , on October 30 , a woman was found with 30 pounds of cocaine hidden in wooden hangers and clothing , according to a news release from Customs and Border Protection 's New York field office . The woman , Antoinette Gutierrez , was selected for a routine baggage inspection upon her arrival from Costa Rica at Newark Liberty International Airport , the agency said . In addition to the hidden cocaine , her clothing was soaked in liquid cocaine , it said . It put the value of the narcotics at more than $ 660,000 . Two days later , on November 1 , two men were taken into custody at New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport after heroin was found in their checked luggage , the agency said . Customs and Border Protection officers selected the two men , Jeffrey Pena and Edwin Ortiz , for an enforcement examination and found the clothing in their suitcases to be particularly heavy , the agency said . Upon closer inspection , officers found packages of a brown powdery substance in some pants and shorts . In total , Customs and Border Protection officers seized more than 16 pounds of heroin contained in brick-like packages , the agency said . It valued the heroin at $ 744,000 . Jeffrey C. Piettell , Ortiz 's defense attorney , said he thought his client might be able to get leniency in court if he is convicted . "  In any drug case , if a person is charged with possession with intent to distribute , their sentence is 10 years , " Piettell said . "  I would expect the charge will have a minimum sentence of 10 years if he 's convicted . But there are other factors that permit him to get a lesser sentence . Mr. Ortiz has no prior record . " The investigation has been turned over to Immigrations and Customs Enforcement , the investigative arm of the Department of Homeland Security , which will handle the prosecution . John Saleh , spokesman for the New York field office , told CNN that the agency held off announcing the arrests until it determined that the cases would not be harmed by making them public .	The suspects were taken into custody in two incidents Cocaine was found at Newark 's airport ; heroin was found at JFK Officials put the total value of the drugs at $ 1.4 million
CNN  -- Matthew Sanchez had rarely seen his father cry . But when Rudjard Hayes looked at the X-rays of his son 's spine after a high school football accident , he held his wife close and broke down , not knowing that his son could see him . Matthew Sanchez , now 20 , relearned how to walk at Shepherd Center using the parallel bars . Hayes was used to watching Sanchez get knocked to the ground during games and then get back up , but that game in 2004 was different : After getting knocked down , Sanchez , then 15 , could not move . "  I knew it was serious , but it did n't really sink in until I saw the X-rays for myself , " said Hayes , who lived with his family in Sharpsburg , Georgia , at the time . Sanchez 's C5 vertebra  in his neck  was fractured . "  I knew the chances of him recovering were basically zero . But I hoped and prayed 24-7 , " Hayes said . "  We are a very faith-based family and believe that you trust the people that are there for you , and things are going to be OK . God will see you through it . " Doctors at Shepherd Center in Atlanta , Georgia , operated on Sanchez 's neck , putting in a plate , screws , cables and a piece of bone from his leg . According to Dr. Donald Peck Leslie , medical director of Shepherd Center , less than 1 percent of people with this type of spinal cord injury regain full physical abilities . But Matthew Sanchez was destined and determined to be in that elite group . Days later -- and much sooner than anyone thought possible -- Sanchez started regaining some movement . Watch part one of Matthew Sanchez 's odyssey " Moving on Five weeks later , after intensive therapy , Sanchez walked out of Shepherd Center . After six more months of therapy , his sense of normalcy returned . Two years later , he could be a competitive athlete again . "  I just think some people are a little bit more motivated . Matt was an athlete , so he knew how to work hard , " Cathi Dugger , Sanchez 's physical therapist , told Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . Today , five years after his injury , Sanchez has seven triathlons under his belt . Twist of fate Sanchez 's extraordinary recovery was made possible by an unlikely stranger . When the teen was knocked to the ground , the doctor for the opposing team , Dr. John Henderson , rushed to his aid . Knee-deep in mud , Henderson held Sanchez 's head in traction for 45 minutes , preventing anyone from moving him . Henderson also insisted Sanchez be transported by helicopter instead of ambulance . Sanchez 's mother credits Henderson , in part , for the favorable outcome . "  Our family believes that Dr. Henderson was our angel that night . Our high school did not have a team physician , and I feel certain Matthew could have been moved had Dr. Henderson not prevented anyone from touching him until he could be properly transferred , " Lorraine Sanchez Hayes said in an e-mail to CNN . Had he been moved , his mother believes , his injury would have been made worse . Watch part two of Matthew Sanchez 's odyssey " One year after the accident , the family learned that Henderson 's son , Army Ranger John Henderson Jr. , had been killed in Afghanistan . "  This man had been instrumental in saving our son 's life , only to have his own -LSB- son 's life -RSB- taken , " Sanchez Hayes wrote . Giving back While most college students spend their summers relaxing , taking extra classes or working to earn money , Sanchez , now 20 , chose to spend the past 2 1/2 months giving back to the doctors who put him back together in the best way he knew how : a 4,350-mile fundraising bike ride . See photos from the bike ride " In part to memorialize Henderson 's son , and in part to raise money for Shepherd Center , Sanchez and three friends -- Anthony Orig , Marina Fleming and Jonny Cromwell -- set out in May on a cross-country expedition to benefit the SHARE initiative , as the We Ride For Shepherd team . Shepherd Center is home to SHARE -- a partnership between the military health care benefits program , philanthropist Bernie Marcus and private donations . Through SHARE , veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan with brain injuries , spinal cord injuries and chronic pain can get specialized , cutting-edge treatment at Shepherd Center , and receive housing assistance for themselves and their families . "  Our goal is to educate the VA about what we have available , " said Dr. Darryl Kaelin , the Shepherd Center physician who oversees the SHARE initiative . He said that many of the smaller Veterans Affairs hospitals might not be aware of the resources available at Shepherd Center . Kaelin said one of Shepherd Center 's main focuses is to help people move on with their lives after a catastrophic injury and regain their independence . That 's what brought U.S. Army Spc. Dillon Cannon to Shepherd Center as a SHARE patient . Cannon had been in Iraq for about a month when he was shot by a sniper in 2006 . He admires Sanchez 's fundraising effort . "  Why military personnel ? Out of the kindness of his -LSB- Sanchez 's -RSB- heart . It shows that people like that go above what they have to do . I mean he could be working -- making money for himself -- but he 's trying to help out people like me , " Cannon said . Moving forward Hayes said that he is proud of his son for completing the cross-country journey , but he 's even prouder that Sanchez wants to give something back . Sanchez said he could n't think of a better way to show his appreciation . "  These men and women are over there ... risking their lives every day , and we feel like they deserve the best treatment possible , " he said after completing his 78-day bike trek .	Matthew Sanchez fractured his C5 vertebra while playing football After surgery and intensive therapy , the teen was able to resume competitive sports Sanchez and three friends rode bikes to raise money for Shepherd Center The center has a program that helps veterans get cutting-edge care
