CNN  -- Amanda Knox has signed a deal with HarperCollins to write a memoir about her trial , conviction and acquittal for murder in Italy , the publisher said Friday . The book , based in part on journals she kept , will give never-before heard details about her "  harrowing experience " while in custody there , HarperCollins said . "  For the very first time since her trial for murder , her four-year incarceration in Perugia , Italy , and her appeal and acquittal of all charges , Amanda Knox will share the truth about her terrifying ordeal , " the publisher said in a statement . "  Knox will give a full and unflinching account of the events that led to her arrest in Perugia and her struggles with the complexities of the Italian judicial system . " The memoir will show how Knox drew on her inner strength and strong family ties to cope with the challenge , the statement adds . Jonathan Burnham , who negotiated the deal for Harper Collins , is quoted as saying : "  Many accounts have been written of the Amanda Knox case , and countless writers and reporters have speculated on what role , if any , was played by Knox in that tragic and terrifying sequence of events . Italian prosecutors appeal Knox decision "  No one has yet heard Amanda Knox 's own account of what happened , and this book will give Knox an opportunity to tell the story in full detail , for the first time . " The deal comes after prosecutors in Italy lodged an appeal Tuesday of the acquittal of Knox , now 24 , and her former boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito for the murder of British student Meredith Kercher . Knox was 20 and Kercher was 21 when the two shared a home as they studied at the university for foreign students in Perugia , Italy . Kercher 's semi-naked body was found in November 2007 at the home , with her throat slashed . The case has gripped the attention of the public in the United States , Italy and Britain ever since . The filing of the appeal of her acquittal raised the question of whether an arrest warrant or extradition order could be issued for Knox if her acquittal is annulled , or if she could be made to serve the remainder of her initial 26-year prison term . But Knox 's family said in a statement issued through a spokesman that the prosecutors ' appeal was unwelcome , but no cause for concern . Knox is herself currently appealing her conviction for defaming Patrick Lumumba , a club owner whom she falsely accused of killing Kercher . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Mark Norman contributed to this report .	NEW : Publisher : "  This book will give Knox an opportunity to tell her story for the first time " Amanda Knox was cleared of murdering British student Meredith Kercher in October Knox returned to Seattle with her family after spending four years in custody Knox will give a "  full and unflinching account " of her ordeal , the publisher says
CNN Student News  -- January 28 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Wilmington , Ohio • Machu Picchu , Peru • Israel Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz , and you 're tuned in to CNN Student News . Let 's go ! First Up : State of the Union AZUZ : "  He shall from time to time give to Congress information on the state of the union . " The words of the U.S. Constitution and the reason why President Obama delivered his State of the Union address to Congress last night . A little background for you here : This speech has n't always been called the "  State of the Union . " It used to be called the "  annual message . " But the purpose has always been the same : for the president to talk about some of the biggest issues facing the country . That is why President Obama spent a good part of last night 's speech talking about the economy and the challenges facing the country . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : One year ago , I took office amid two wars , an economy rocked by a severe recession , a financial system on the verge of collapse , and a government deeply in debt . Experts from across the political spectrum warned that if we did not act , we might face a second depression . So we acted , immediately and aggressively . And one year later , the worst of the storm has passed . But the devastation remains . One in ten Americans still can not find work . Republican Response AZUZ : After the State of the Union , it 's traditional for the other party to offer its response to the president . Last night , the Republican response was given by newly-elected Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell . He won that election last year . McDonnell made his speech from the Virginia state House . He talked about some of the political issues that both parties agree on . But he also focused on some of the areas , especially when it comes to the economy , where Republicans and Democrats do n't see eye to eye . GOV. BOB MCDONNELL ,  R  VIRGINIA : In the past year , more three million people have lost their jobs , yet the Democratic Congress continues deficit spending , adding to the bureaucracy , and increasing the national debt on our children and grandchildren . The amount of this debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in ten . The federal debt is already over $ 100,000 per household . This is simply unsustainable . The President 's partial freeze announced tonight on discretionary spending is a laudable step , but a small one . Web Promo AZUZ : For more details on the State of the Union and the reaction to it , plus a quiz about the history of this annual address , head to the Spotlight section on our home page , CNNStudentNews.com Running on Hope AZUZ : All right , so the economy -- you know it -- a big theme of last night 's speech . It 's also a big concern for residents of Wilmington , Ohio . 15,000 people live there . And when the largest employer left town , about 10,000 of those people lost their jobs . Wilmington is hoping that money from the government 's stimulus bill will turn things around . Mary Snow examines how much it could help . BEGIN VIDEO MARY SNOW , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : DHL stopped operations here last year , bringing shipping to a halt . Nearby businesses started to topple and continue to fall . In all , 10,000 people in this area lost their jobs . The head of the county 's homeless shelter tells us she 's seen the effects , and she 's having a hard time meeting the demand for shelter and food . Denise Stryker-Grant is getting stimulus money through a grant , but it 's not much ; $ 200,000 spread out over 3 years that will help keep people in their homes . But she says jobs , the only thing that would really help , remain elusive . DENISE STRYKER-GRANT , CLINTON COUNTY HOMELESS SHELTER : The frustration of continuing to refer them to places only to be told , you know , "  We 've got 500 resumes before you 've even walked in the door , " and the frustration of them not having any opportunities . SNOW : To create opportunities , Wilmington 's mayor David Raizk applied for more than $ 61 million worth of stimulus projects . Of that , roughly $ 5 million has been awarded so far to a project to create jobs . It 's focused on Wilmington 's downtown and is set to start this spring . So , how do you see this benefiting from stimulus money ? DAVID RAIZK , WILMINGTON MAYOR : With the stimulus project , we 'll be able to improve our curbs and gutters and sidewalks SNOW : The hope , he says , is that improvements will attract businesses . In the immediate future , the project is estimated to create about 100 jobs . RAIZK : They 're going to be construction jobs , but it 's something , it 's something . We want jobs here of any type right now . SNOW : To get thousands of others back to work , the mayor has set his sights on Wilmington 's airpark and is hoping to redevelop it . Eight million dollars in stimulus money , he says , is being used to retrain workers , and he 's optimistic Washington will come through with more aid if the airpark comes back to life . RAIZK : I have tried to maintain a close relationship with our state partners and with our federal partners to say , "  Look , we need help and what can you do ? " And they have responded , but that does n't mean they 've responded as much as I would like or anybody would like . SNOW : Mary Snow , CNN , Wilmington , Ohio . END VIDEO Blog Promo AZUZ : That report , part of "  The Stimulus Project , " CNN 's week-long look at the government program . A link to full coverage is in the Spotlight section at CNNStudentNews.com . Our Web site is also where you 'll find our blog , and one of our latest entries : How would you fix the economy ? Logan says we should lower taxes . Nicollette thinks we should increase taxes on the wealthy . Tom suggested cutting government budgets . What do you say ? Head to our page , share your thoughts . Toyota Recall AZUZ : When you 're driving and you take your foot off the gas , you expect your car to slow down . That is n't happening in some Toyotas , which is why the company is recalling over two million vehicles . This includes some of Toyota 's best selling models . The problem is that , over time , the gas pedals can get stuck . The company has n't figured out a solution yet . In the meantime , it says it will not make or sell any of the affected vehicles until the problem can be fixed . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Kerns ' U.S. history classes at Blach Intermediate School in Los Altos , California ! Machu Picchu was part of what ancient civilization ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Was it : A  Inca , B  Aztec , C  Maya or D  Olmec ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Machu Picchu was part of the Inca Empire . It 's located in what is now Peru . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Machu Picchu AZUZ : The Incas built Machu Picchu in the 1400s . Tens of thousands of people visit the site every year . Right now , hundreds of them are trapped . The reason ? This ! Floods and mudslides triggered by days of heavy rain . You can see some of it in this video sent in by iReporters . For now , the only way out of the region is by air , but bad weather has slowed down those types of evacuations . Holocaust Blueprints AZUZ : In Israel , there 's an exhibit about the Holocaust ; that name refers to the time during World War II when Nazis killed millions of people , including six million Jews . Many of them lost their lives in concentration camps like the one at Auschwitz . It was liberated 65 years ago this week , and now , the design plans for that infamous location are on display in Israel . As Paula Hancocks explains , they 're being used as a reminder and a warning . BEGIN VIDEO PAULA HANCOCKS , CNN CORRESPONDENT , JERUSALEM : Blueprints of death that shocked and shamed the world . These architectural plans for the Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz-Birkenau are now on display in Israel , chilling proof of the planning behind the Holocaust . AVNER SHALEV , CHAIRMAN , YAD VASHEM HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL : They had to think that they are serving evil , total evil . They are creating an industry of death . HANCOCKS : Moshe Haelion knows this better than most . He was the only one of his family to survive Auschwitz . He has since been back to visit the camp . He wants the world to learn from its mistakes . MOSHE HAELION , AUSCHWITZ SURVIVOR : We do believe if one says we will kill the Jews ; we have to believe this . HANCOCKS : Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu showed these plans in his address to the United Nations last year , calling on the world to stop Iran in its nuclear ambitions and President Ahmedinejad in his Holocaust denial . Visiting the prints now on display in Jerusalem , the Prime Minister is repeating the warning . BENJAMIN NETANYAHU , ISRAELI PRIME MINISTER : There is evil in the world . If it is unstopped , it expands . It is expanding , and it is threatening the same people , the Jewish people . HANCOCKS : These blueprints were found in an abandoned Berlin flat just two years ago . They were bought by the German newspaper Der Bild and then handed over to Israel so they could be put on display here , at Jerusalem 's Holocaust museum . Israel 's prime minister says it is vital to put "  pure unadulterated evil " on show for all to see , so it can never be allowed to happen again . Paula Hancocks , CNN , at Jerusalem 's Yad Vashem Holocaust Memorial . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : And finally , for one young man , keeping his cool really paid off . This is Jaden , and doctors say the three-year-old 's quick thinking helped save his grandmother 's life . While she was watching him recently , she had a stroke . And luckily , Jaden 's mom taught him how to call 911 just four days earlier . When his grandmother passed out , Jaden knew what to do . He even put the dog in a bedroom before the paramedics showed up so the dog would n't get in the way . Goodbye AZUZ : Jaden 's grandmother is recovering , and the three-year-old says he 's just happy she 's going to be all right . CNN Student News returns tomorrow . I 'm Carl Azuz . We 'll see you then .	Hear about the president 's State of the Union speech and the GOP response Find out how one Ohio town is hoping to turn around the local economy Learn why an Israeli museum is displaying plans from a concentration camp Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Operators of the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant in Japan have started the dangerous task of removing fuel rods from a damaged reactor , the Tokyo Electric Power Co.  TEPCO  said Monday . The procedure is considered a milestone in the estimated $ 50 billion cleanup operation more than two years after a massive earthquake and tsunami brought disaster to the facility . When the tsunami swamped the plant , located 149 miles  240 kilometers  north of Tokyo on Japan 's eastern seaboard in March 2011 , it cut the power to vital cooling systems for the three reactors in use at the time . This resulted in the second-worst nuclear accident in history -- after Chernobyl in the former Soviet Union in 1986 -- as the reactors melted down and leaked radioactive material into the atmosphere . On Monday , TEPCO revealed "  preparatory work " was underway , with a remote-controlled crane lowered inside Reactor 4 . Some 1,500 spent fuel units will then be lifted from the cooling pool in specially-designed containers , or casks , and closed with a lid . Following decontamination , these casks will be taken down to ground level and transported to the common spent fuel pool on a trailer . The entire removal of all fuel inside the Unit 4 spent fuel pool is expected to take until the end of 2014 , TEPCO says . ` Stopgap approach ' The Fukushima cleanup has been beset by numerous problems , with TEPCO frequently criticized for its handling of the disaster . Earlier this year , Japan 's Trade and Industry Minister , Toshimitsu Motegi , compared its "  stopgap approach " to a game of "  Whack-a-mole . " The government has since stepped in and pledged $ 470 million to try to tackle the leaks , through measures , which by its own admission are unconventional and untested . TEPCO has been pumping huge volumes of water into the plant -- hundreds of tons daily -- to cool the crippled reactors that once powered the plant . But this water , which becomes highly radioactive once it comes into contact with the plant 's fuel rods , has been stored in makeshift , hastily-built storage tanks around the site -- about 1,000 so far -- containing enough irradiated water to fill about 160 Olympic-sized swimming pools , with about 400 tons added to the tanks daily . Ongoing leaks Scientists who monitor radiation levels offshore have pointed to evidence of an ongoing leak for more than a year , but it was only recently that TEPCO admitted it was occurring . Last month , TEPCO said one of the storage tanks at the site had leaked 300 tons of toxic water , prompting Japan 's nuclear regulator to declare the situation a Level 3 serious incident , its most serious assessment since the 2011 meltdown . It has since stated that several tanks and pipes at the plant are suspected of leaking toxic water . Michael Friedlander , a nuclear engineer and former U.S. power plant operator , told CNN in September that the eventual failure of the tanks years after they were deployed on a supposedly temporary , emergency basis is illustrative of TEPCO 's ad hoc , unsustainable response to the disaster . "  Given the cards they were dealt , building a tank farm to hold the water in the heat of the emergency , there was really there only one option , so I do n't fault them for that , " he said . But beyond the emergency response , TEPCO had demonstrated no long-term vision for dealing with the problem , he said . Fukushima 's nuclear power mess : Five big questions Journey to the heart of Fukushima 's crippled plant CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	Operators begin procedure to remove spent fuel from crippled Fukushima nuclear plant TEPCO will begin taking out 1,500 spent fuel units from Reactor 4 for storage Plant damaged by the earthquake and tsunami that struck Japan in March 2011 Cleanup beset by numerous problems , including the leak of 300 tons of radioactive water
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel dashed Fernando Alonso 's hopes of delivering a home victory for Ferrari at Monza with another commanding drive to win the Italian Grand Prix Sunday . The three-time defending champion secured his sixth win of the season after starting on pole position , relegating Spain 's Alonso to second place . Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber finished third ahead of the second Ferrari of Brazilian Felipe Massa . The victory extended Vettel 's advantage in the world title race over Alonso to 53 points with seven rounds remaining . Britain 's Lewis Hamilton , who was forced to start from 12th after a poor qualifying session Saturday , could only manage ninth spot , but remained in third place in the standings , 81 points adrift . Vettel 's only significant problem was self imposed as he flat spotted his front right tire after breaking too sharply into the first corner of the race . Under pressure from Massa , the 26-year-old German was desperate to hold on to his lead after the traditional flat out start at Monza . Two time champion Alonso , back in fifth on the grid after his difficulties in qualifying , quickly worked his way up to third before Massa gave way to him under team orders . Vettel was able to nurse his tires until the first and only round of pit stops for the leading contenders without coming under serious challenge . Alonso was briefly challenged by Webber until the Australian was ordered to back off because of gear selection problems , which were also problematic for the leader Vettel . But he took the checkered flag 5.4 seconds clear of Alonso to take an even firmer grip on the championship he has dominated for the past four seasons . Vettel was only too aware that his victory was unlikely to be welcomed by the tifosi diehards who had flocked to the circuit in northern Italy to support their beloved Ferrari . "  It was a fantastic race , but you can hear the difference when you do n't win here in a red suit , " Vettel said . "  But this means you have done well and beaten the red men ! "  The race was terrific for both of us as we had problems with the gearboxes at the end , but I was ok because I had a good cushion . It is a fantastic win . " Alonso acknowledged there was little he could do to prevent the 32nd victory of Vettel 's career . "  Second place is good and to have this podium ceremony which is the most spectacular podium of the year , " he said . "  Hopefully we 'll come back next year and have first place . Every time I am here this podium and this experience is more and more special . " Outside the front runners , Germany 's Nico Hulkenberg underlined his reputation as one of the most promising young drivers on the grid with an excellent fifth place in the uncompetitive Sauber . His compatriot Nico Rosberg finished sixth for Mercedes ahead of Australian Daniel Ricciardo of Toro Rosso , who will replace Webber at Red Bull next season . Romain Grosjean of Lotus held off the fast-charging Hamilton for eighth , while Britain 's Jenson Button earned a single point for McLaren , who were celebrating their 50th anniversary as an F1 team . Hamilton , who had to contend with a slow puncture which meant an extra pit stop , conceded his title hopes were over . "  It 's awful when you are just empty of energy and have given everything for just two points -- and that 's it for the championship now , " he told BBC Sport . The F1 circuit will now depart Europe for the next round under the lights on the spectacular street circuit in Singapore with Vettel in prime position for a fourth straight title .	Sebastian Vettel wins Italian Grand Prix at Monza Sixth win of season for three-time defending champion Fernando Alonso finishes second for Ferrari Mark Webber joins Red Bull teammate Vettel on the podium
CNN  -- A man suspected in the shooting deaths of five people at a Lake Havasu City , Arizona , residence on Saturday night was found dead early Sunday of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to police . The killings began just before midnight Saturday when police say 26-year-old Brian Diez entered the residence , shot six people and abducted two children from the home , according to a press release from the Lake Havasu City Police Department . Four of the victims were pronounced dead . Two others were transported to local hospitals , where one of them died of his injuries . According to an Amber Alert issued Sunday for the missing children , Diez , their father , was locked in a custody battle with their mother , identified by police as 23-year-old Deborah Langstaff . Langstaff was among the five people killed . A little more than three hours after the shootings , Lake Havasu police investigators discovered that Diez 's vehicle was parked at a home in Rancho Cucamonga , California , more than 250 miles away from the site of the killings . At about the same time , local sheriff 's deputies were dispatched to the same residence , responding to a report of a suicide . "  Deputies arrived and found Diez deceased of an apparent self-inflicted gun shot wound , " police said in a statement . The two children , identified by police as 4-year-old Kaia Diez and 13-month-old Cole Diez , were found safe at the California home with family members . Police said the five people killed in Arizona were : Langstaff , Primo Verdone , 24 , Russell Nyland , 42 , Ashley Nyland , 20 , and Brock Kelson , 20 . Deborah Nyland , 44 , was transported to Sunrise Medical Center in Las Vegas , Nevada . Her condition was unknown Sunday night . The relationship between the victims was not immediately clear .	Police say Brian Diez , 26 , shot six people , killing five of them Diez abducted two children , whom he fathered with one of the victims , police say The children were found safe early Sunday
London  CNN  -- It may not be the prettiest , but the world 's smallest , cheapest personal computer is inspiring a wave of delightful DIY innovation among tech hobbyists across the planet . With a price tag of just $ 25 , the unassuming Raspberry Pi is an easily-programmable , open-source single board computer , about the size of a credit card , whose cost , size and low power requirements make it ideally suited for backyard inventors . Described by its creator , University of Cambridge professor Eben Upton as "  an attempt to try and reboot some of that 1980s computer industry feel , " the technology has been embraced by creative hackers worldwide and put to use in home weather stations to hot air balloon tracking and camera systems . The RPi has been shortlisted in London 's Design Museum "  Designs of the Year " awards , with judges citing its affordability , power and accessibility to children . As part of the exhibition accompanying the prizes , examples of creative uses of RPi are on display at the museum until July 7 . They include a stylish , personalized train departure board created by Gareth James of Hove , UK , which provides the times of the next trains to Brighton . "  It 's great to have a dedicated piece of connected hardware that looks nice and sits and waits to be useful , " he said . "  Whenever I 'm thinking of leaving the house I can easily check the next train time . Plus , it looks good on the wall ... No longer do I end up hanging around on the cold train platform . " Read/Watch : Why everyone wants a slice of Raspberry Pi Alyssa Dayan and Tom Hartley created AirPi , an air quality and weather surveillance station that uses RPi to take readings from an array of sensors , translating the data into meaningful information and uploading it on to the internet . The project cost only Â # 55 on top of the cost of the RPi . Dayan said the team had designed the device and set up a website "  not only to take our own air quality and weather readings but to encourage and teach others to do the same -- and hopefully eventually create a network of measurements coming in from across the world . " She said one of the key benefits of RPi was the ease with which components could be added to the board , which , combined with its cost , made it a great entry point to introduce children to electronics . "  I think the user-friendliness of computers has gotten to the extent that far too many people simply have no idea what goes on inside them , " she said . "  Inventions like the Raspberry Pi really help to change that . " A team from PA Consulting Group created a private cell phone network by connecting the RPi to a radio interface . "  We 've shrunk a 30-foot base station into a three-inch Raspberry Pi and created our own mobile phone network , " said PA 's Frazer Bennett . "  This proves what can be achieved through low-cost off the shelf-systems . " Read/Watch : Demystifying cloud threats and firewalls In a more playful spirit , Tom Rees created a car out of Lego that is controlled using the console from a gaming system . "  It is easier than ever  and less scary than ever  to have your computer control your house , move a robotic arm , turn a wheel , read the temperature , or speak your weight , " he said . "  The sky is the limit . " High-altitude ballooning enthusiast David Akerman can attest to that . He 's using RPi to track and transmit photographs from his unmanned balloon flights , which have ascended 40.5 kilometers  25.2 miles  into near space with a camera . "  The Pi has plenty of memory and processor power , meaning that it can take several photographs and then send the best image to transmit , " he said . "  Balloon payloads swing and rotate a lot and many of the images will be directly at the sun or the black sky , and my software rejects all of those . " Akerman , whose RPi invention is n't included in the design Museum exhibition , is tinkering on improvements that will allow him to send better and larger images from the flight , and is optimistic of besting his highest altitude on the next flight . "  I 'm hoping to fly this in the next few weeks , " he said .	Raspberry Pi s an easily-programmable , open-source computer that sells for $ 25 Its cost , size and low power requirements have made it a hit with backyard inventors Creative uses of the RPi are on display in London 's Design Museum They range from home weather surveillance stations to personal mobile phone networks
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama started his second day in India on a lighter note : pulling a few dance moves and celebrating a major religious festival with local students . Obama and first lady Michelle Obama spent Sunday morning at a local school , where students were celebrating Diwali . Youngsters performed dances in colorful saris to mark the festival of lights . The president bobbed his head to the music and clapped . Young girls danced with baskets on their heads as the room erupted in cheers . At one point , students pulled the first lady on stage and taught her how to twirl . "  Notice they did n't ask me , " the president said . Students later extended the offer to the president , who joined them and towered over the youngsters as he danced . Obama also visited students at Holy Name High School , where students in school uniforms explained their projects to the president . One girl described her "  eco-friendly village " with a large windmill . "  Did you guys get that -- a tree a day keeps global warming away , " Obama told journalists . Obama also attended an agriculture exposition and took part in a town hall-style meeting with students at St. Xavier 's College in Mumbai . He and the first lady then visited Humayun 's Tomb , a magnificent architectural precursor to the Taj Mahal , before heading to New Delhi for a private dinner Sunday night with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . At the meeting with the students , Obama faced some difficult questions including his thoughts about jihad and why the United States does n't consider Pakistan -- India 's neighbor and rival -- a terrorist state . The president said it was necessary to isolate those who distort religion as a means for war , and said young people have a role in rejecting violence as a way to mediate differences . On Pakistan , Obama called it a country of enormous potential that had extremist elements . He acknowledged that progress against militants there was "  not as quick as we 'd like , " particularly in the difficult terrain of the northwest territories along the border with Afghanistan . Obama also said that India has the biggest stake in its neighbor 's success , and that he hoped over time that the two nations develop further trust and cooperation . "  The United States stands to be a partner in that process , but ca n't impose that , " Obama said . The relatively light agenda on the second day of Obama 's 10-day , four-nation Asian trip followed the president 's unveiling Saturday of about $ 10 billion in contracts for U.S. exports to India . "  The United States sees Asia , and especially India , as a market of the future , " Obama said at a meeting with business leaders from both countries . "  For America , this is a jobs strategy . " Promoting broader trade relations with India is a delicate balancing act for Obama , given American frustration with the outsourcing of jobs to call centers in the country . But Obama said the notion of Indian outsourcing being a net drain on the U.S. economy is part of a "  caricature of India as a land of call centers and back offices that cost American jobs . " Obama 's three-day visit to India , Asia 's third largest economy and one of the world 's few growth markets , also will include bilateral talks with Singh and an address to the the nation 's parliament . After India , Obama will travel to Indonesia , then on to the G-20 meeting in South Korea and APEC  Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation  summit in Japan .	NEW : The Obamas tour Humayun 's Tomb The president celebrates Diwali with local students Diwali is a festival of lights A day earlier , the president unveiled about $ 10 billion in contracts for U.S. exports to India
CNN  -- A 15-year-old South Carolina girl who was shot earlier this week by a man authorities say fits the description of a serial killer has died , police said Saturday . Police say the suspect may be driving a light gray or champagne tan 1991-94 two-door Ford Explorer . Abby Tyler died at 11:25 a.m. Saturday at Spartanburg Regional Medical Center , said Chief Rick Turner of the Gaffney Police Department . Her father , Stephen Tyler , 48 , was pronounced dead at the scene of the shooting Thursday in the family-run furniture and appliance store , Tyler Home Center , in Gaffney . On Friday , the Cherokee County Sheriff 's Office released a second sketch of a man believed to have fatally shot five people in less than a week . "  Let me say that under the FBI 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , " Sheriff Bill Blanton said in Gaffney , a town in the county of about 54,000 residents 50 miles southwest of Charlotte , North Carolina . He would not detail what has led investigators to conclude the shootings are linked or how they received the description of the suspect that has led to the two sketches . In addition , he said he did not know whether the shooter knew his victims or whether he may have chosen them at random . Watch locals gather to pray for victims and killer " Police said he may be driving a light gray or champagne tan 1991-94 two-door Ford Explorer . The first shooting happened Saturday , when peach farmer Kline W. Cash , 63 , was found dead by his wife in their home , said Leigh Caldwell , a victims services coordinator for the sheriff 's office . Blanton said Cash 's home may have been robbed . On Wednesday , the bound and shot bodies of 83-year-old Hazel Linder and her 50-year-old daughter , Gena Linder Parker , were found in the mother 's home , where she lived alone . "  We 're still trying to determine if anything 's missing from there , " Blanton said . Leave has been canceled for all members of the Police Department and the Sheriff 's Department , said their respective chiefs , who urged residents to take precautions . Watch how fear has gripped the town " About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case , Blanton said . "  I think our community has a right to be concerned , " he said . "  We 're concerned . We 're dealing with a man that 's killed four people . " He urged residents to check on relatives , especially those who live alone . "  We 're asking the people in our community to be vigilant , to report anything . " But he cautioned against taking that too far . "  Our concern is that people are going to start shooting at shadows , " he said .	Man fatally shoots 5 people in less than a week near Gaffney , South Carolina "  Under the FBI 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , " sheriff says 100 investigators from North and South Carolina working the case People urged to check on relatives , especially those who live alone
CNN  -- Actor Rainn Wilson is dedicated to improving the lives of young people around the world . The star of "  The Office " works with the Mona Foundation , which supports educational initiatives for children in developing countries . He is also involved with Planting Peace 's program to deworm children in Haiti . Wilson got to know Planting Peace 's founder , Aaron Jackson , after Jackson was honored as a CNN Hero in 2007 . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki recently sat down with Wilson to talk about CNN Heroes and his humanitarian work . Below are excerpts from that interview . Sonya Hamasaki : What inspired you to get involved with the Mona Foundation ? Rainn Wilson : The founder of the Mona Foundation actually knew my dad for years , and the more I learned about it , the more I realized I really found the perfect charity . It sponsors schools and educational initiatives all over the planet . The thing that is really exciting is that it finds grass-roots educational initiatives that are already working , and the Mona Foundation comes in and says : "  What do you need ? We want to help support you . We 'll raise money , and we 'll get you whatever you need . ... You need a science lab ? You need a water fountain ? You need a soccer field ? You tell us what you need . We 're not going to come in and tell you what we think you should be having next . " It 's a really cool way of working , and I 've gotten to visit some of those schools . It 's a beautiful organization . Hamasaki : Why is this cause important to you ? Wilson : I think that charity is a tricky thing , because a lot of times , people equate charity with handouts . I do n't believe in handouts . I do believe in education . And I do believe that the way to change a society , to uplift people -- not just their spirit , but to uplift their society and economic base -- is through education . That 's what Mona Foundation focuses on . It especially focuses on the education of women and girls . And I think that is key . ... With young women and girls , they 're going to be ready to teach children ; they 're going to be ready to go back into their communities and share their knowledge with their children and with their communities . It 's vital that women and girls across the world have access to really good education . Hamasaki : How did you get involved with Planting Peace ? Wilson : Planting Peace is a charity I got to know via CNN Heroes . I was literally sitting in my trailer at "  The Office , " and I was looking at the CNN website and it had CNN Heroes . And I saw this story on this guy , Aaron Jackson . I read about him there , and I Googled him and I did some more research , and I realized I stumbled upon a truly extraordinary human being . This is a young kid from Florida who grew up on a golf course . He went traveling in the Third World and he saw poverty , and he decided to devote his life to making the world a better place . Planting Peace works at this in a number of different ways . They support orphanages all over the world , but the other thing that Aaron works on with a network of people is deworming . Parasites really hold a society back . When kids have intestinal worms , they have less energy , they 're not able to focus , they 're not able to learn .  Jackson  has these pills he gets from the drug companies that are a penny and a half each , and it 'll deworm a kid for six months . And he has been working so hard , tirelessly , to deworm the children of Haiti . He 's handed out millions of these pills . Hamasaki : What 's it like for you to see Planting Peace 's efforts in Haiti ? Wilson : I 've gotten to visit Aaron several times down in Haiti . They have four or five orphanages in Haiti . I also went out when they distributed the deworming medication out in the rural villages and towns , and I got to meet a lot of people in their network . It was very heartwarming , it was very moving . They run an orphanage in Haiti for HIV-positive children ; I think it 's the only orphanage of its kind in Haiti . They 're able to supply the meds that the kids need , they educate them , give them music classes . A lot of them are former street children , and they 're turning them into vital members of Haitian society . It 's extraordinary seeing that first-hand . Hamasaki : How did your experience with CNN Heroes evolve ? Wilson : I think CNN Heroes is a great thing . I 've been to the ceremony a couple of times , and I always follow it . It 's incredible to see the amount of hard work and humility that these people have , uplifting the people around them . Their stories are always the same : They 're a normal person , they 're doing a normal job , they 're no one special and they see a need . They 're like , "  Gosh , there 's street children here , " or "  these sex workers are being used , " or "  these veterans need a home , " or "  this environment needs cleaning up , " whatever it is . And they do n't just complain about it . They actually just start to work very simply . And that 's what we need . I think we need about 6 or 7 billion CNN Heroes , and we 'll transform the world .	Rainn Wilson is involved with two charities : the Mona Foundation and Planting Peace He believes that education , not handouts , can change society for the better Wilson on CNN Heroes : They do n't complain , they just work on making a difference
Brazil thought its nightmare was over -- but perhaps it 's only just beginning . After the humiliation of being obliterated by Germany , those who had dreamed of a Brazilian World Cup triumph might have thought they would be left alone to quietly lick their words or perhaps console themselves with a sombre walk along the shores of the Copacabana . Alas , such a luxury will not be afforded to them -- not now at least . Instead neighbors Argentina will launch an invasion of Rio Sunday hoping to start their own party in its arch rival 's back yard . This was the result which Brazil feared -- the scenario it never wanted to face , to have Argentina , its oldest foe , walk out at the Maracana on Sunday just 90 minutes away becoming world champions . While Brazil had leaked goals in its shambolic defeat by Germany , Argentina displayed true grit and then calm under pressure in a penalty shootout to book its place in the World Cup final for the first time in 24 years -- the fifth in its history . Do n't bother telling those with their faces painted blue and white that was a tepid and insipid encounter . They 're probably still jumping up and down with joy -- while celebrating Argentinian Independence Day like never before . "  I 'm very happy because we reached the final and now we will see what we can do , " Argentina coach Alejandro Sabella told reporters . "  We will give everything as usual , with humility , work and 100 % effort . " A goalless 120 minutes was enough to bore most to tears but when Maxi Rodriguez struck the decisive penalty kick to win the shootout 4-2 , the march to Rio began and Brazil closed its eyes . For the third time , Argentina will play Germany in the final having won in 1986 and lost in 1990 -- but regardless of the opposition , it will surely need to improve on this performance . Lionel Messi , the man who has inspired Argentina on so many occasions , was almost anonymous but he was not the only one to disappear . This game was a case of going from the sublime to the ridiculous as the sequel to Germany 's dominant display over Brazil was temporarily forgotten as these two sides served up one of the poorest offerings of the tournament . It was dire -- so dire you had to keep pinching yourself that this was actually a World Cup semifinal . For all the talent on the field , the inability to keep possession , deliver a cross or even manage a simple pass proved beyond those on show . Often such games are classed as ` intriguing ' , ` tactical ' or ` chess like ' but none of those descriptions fitted -- file this under dreadful and error-strewn . Neither side deserved to win and penalties looked the most likely outcome from the offset -- a stark contrast to Germany 's 7-1 thrashing of Brazil on Tuesday . While the goals flowed like Caipirinhas in the bars of Belo Horizonte , Sao Paulo provided a far more sober affair . Tight , tense and turgid in the first half , both sides struggled to create a chance of note with space at a premium . Messi , so often Argentina 's leading light , fizzed a free kick at goal which Jasper Cillessen did well to save , while Ezequiel Garay 's header flew just over the crossbar as the South American side briefly threatened . Messi , making his 92nd international appearance , found himself accompanied by Nigel de Jong each and every time he moved , touched the ball or dared to breathe . Previously ruled out of the tournament with a groin injury only to make a miraculous recovery in time for the contest , De Jong gave the Dutch the bite in midfield which it had missed in the quarterfinal victory over Costa Rica . But while the Dutch side was relatively untroubled in defense , it rarely threatened going forward with Arjen Robben and Robin van Persie almost anonymous . Robben , one of the outstanding players of the tournament , touched the ball just six times in the opening 45 minutes as Argentina , and Javier Mascherano in particular , kept the flying Dutchman quiet . If anybody had hoped that the fare might improve after the interval they were left sorely disappointed . Passes went astray , possession was squandered with both teams failing to provide any trace of quality in the final third . And yet with the contest at 90 minutes , the Dutch had the opportunity to win the tie in the most dramatic fashion as they attempted to reach a second successive final . Wesley Sneijder , anonymous for much of the evening , produced a fine flick to release Robben but the Bayern Munich man dallied and allowed Mascherano time to recover and block his effort . With neither side able to muster a goal , the tie moved into extra time with the Dutch appearing the more threatening . Robben 's low effort forced Sergio Romero into a routine save in an otherwise unremarkable opening 15 minutes of extra time . Argentina , impotent for much of the contest with Messi superbly marshalled by the Dutch defense , rarely looked capable of finding a winner . But with five minutes of the tie remaining , it created its best chance of the contest when Maxi Rodriguez played in Rodrigo Palacio , but his header was easily dealt with by Cillessen . Penalties ensued somewhat inevitably and it was Argentina which held its nerve with goalkeeper Romero the hero . The Dutch , which had defeated Costa Rica on penalties in the previous round following the introduction of substitute goalkeeper Tim Krul , floundered under the pressure . Ron Vlaar , one of the game 's outstanding performers , was thwarted by Romero , who also saved from Sneijder . In the end it was left to Rodriguez to fire Argentina into the final and get the party started -- a party which Brazil is n't invited to and one it hoped it would never have to see .	Argentina defeats the Netherlands 4-2 on penalties Contest finished goalless after 120 minutes First World Cup semifinal to finish goalless Germany awaits in Sunday 's final
Richard Biennestin was only 20 years old when he was shot and killed on April 13 . Jessie Leon Jordan was 23 . Sione Fakatoufifita was 19 . Titania Mitchell was only 13 . Of the nearly two dozen people reported killed that day , about half were under age 30 . Sadly , this tally is not rare . According to the Children 's Defense Fund , guns kill twice as many kids as cancer while Congress remains stalemated . A bill to pass gun reforms failed in the Senate on Wednesday . As CNN has reported , 13 young people between ages 10 and 24 are the victims of homicide every single day . Firearms account for 80 % of those deaths . The toll gun violence is taking on young people was the inspiration for GunShowGallery.com , a collaboration between the Creative Action Network and my organization , Rebuild the Dream . More than 70 artists have submitted 111 poster designs against gun violence . Most of these artists are in their 20s . You do not have to agree with the message of each individual poster . Collectively , they represent the diverse voices of a generation desperate to stop the violence devastating its members . In poll after poll , large numbers of Americans age 18-30 support gun reform measures . It is worth listening to what the young people who submitted these posters are trying to say . Alyssa Winans , a 23-year-old from Providence , Rhode Island , submitted "  A Farewell to Arms . " She says people are desensitized to the violence . "  It is simply how it is , how it has always been . This is what guns are like . " She grew up outside Chicago and recalls one of her older sisters coming home from school in the city with terrifying news : "  My classmate got shot and they 're dead . " It left a lasting impression on her . J.D. Reeves , 25 , was around guns while growing up in rural Oklahoma . Guns were for hunting . They were not something bad or dangerous , simply a part of life . But a personal experience last spring led to his piece , "  End Gun Culture in America . " Reeves and his wife were considering going to watch the Oklahoma Thunder NBA playoffs game in Oklahoma City , but decided against it at the last minute . That night , gunfire broke out near the arena . Eight people were wounded . "  I always heard about shootings in cities but never felt a connection because I live in the country , " Reeves says . "  That made it real . We could have been there . I have friends who were there . They have video of it on their phones . " Ryan Keller , from Iowa , sent in a piece called "  Dissolve the Targets . " Though he supports restrictions on guns , he has a big problem with violence in the media , especially the video game industry . Young people , he says , "  need to see that violence in general is absolutely horrific . They need to see humans as humans , not something you can kill and get 100 points . " Juana Medina lives in Washington , but grew up in war-torn Colombia . She recalls seeing people threatened and killed . Her aunt and uncle met while taking cover under a table at a restaurant during a gunfight . Her poster , "  Less Fear , More Kindness , " aims to confront the culture of fear she saw in Colombia and sees today in cities around America . Can their posters make a dent in a debate dominated by the NRA 's army of lobbyists ? They think so . "  We live in a culture of short attention spans and high consumption , " Medina says . "  As artists we create striking images that even if you see for only two or three seconds can change minds . " Max Slavkin co-founded the Creative Action Network with longtime friend Aaron Perry-Zucker . After Newtown , artists started asking what they could do to help . "  Older generations accept that this is how the game is played , the need to wait for Congress , that leaders ca n't go too far , " Slavkin says . "  But younger people have seen failure after failure -- on the financial crisis , the environment and guns . We 're too fired up to wait or sign petitions that we just have n't seen working . " Perry-Zucker , the creator of 2008 's Design for Obama , believes that art and culture can simulate the kind of personal experience that gets people involved . "  Seeing one of these posters forces you to take a stance , " he notes . "  You ca n't help but decide if you agree , or if you see it differently . And now you are more involved . " Or , as Allyssa Winans puts it , artists can pose a simple question : "  What if it was n't like this ? " J.D. Reeves recalls a story in an Oklahoma paper about a known felon buying a firearm at a gun show while the local police stood by , helpless . "  If you 're smart with guns and people are around guns they are n't necessarily bad . But seeing this story you realize something has to change for our safety as Americans . " Idealistic , yet practical . Always experimenting with new ideas . Determined to change the world . I can not wait for the best of this next generation to take over .	Van Jones : Guns kill twice as many kids as cancer in America Jones : Young people created posters to raise awareness and fight gun violence He says GunShowGallery.com posters show generation that wants to change world Jones : Can their effort make a dent in a debate dominated by the NRA 's army of lobbyists ?
CNN  -- In Egypt , the words "  street food " and "  gourmet " do n't often go hand in hand . Street food is not about style ; it 's meant to be quick , cheap and filling . However Chris Khalifa , a 30-year-old owner of Zooba cafe in Cairo , has tried to change that . He saw a trend elsewhere in the world : chefs hit the streets and serve dishes out of food trucks . "  I noticed no one had ever tried to do this with Egyptian street food , " said Khalifa . "  I try to create a brand around a more gourmet Egyptian street food . " But instead bringing gourmet food to the street , Zooba turns street food into fine dining . Located in Cairo 's upmarket Zamalek neighborhood , the cafe serves classic street fare like koshari and falafel with a new twist . The dishes , like spinach-infused "  baladi " bread or sweet potatoes roasted with a blowtorch , are prepared by professionally trained chefs , using top-quality ingredients . Read more : Egypt 's street art revolution Khalifa 's business partner , Moustafa El Rafaey , handles the creative side of running the restaurant . Trained at a culinary arts program in the United States , he initially found cooking Egyptian cuisine was quite daunting -- and foreign . "  I was scared to be honest , " said El Rafaey . "  I had  a  good international background . To leave all this to cook ... Egyptian food was a bit scary for me . " To develop the restaurant 's menu , El Rafaey traveled across Egypt . He mastered local recipes , tried new flavors and searched for best ingredients . He relishes his experience , saying that preparing food is like creating an artwork . "  Anything that puts a smile on your face is an art . When you watch a good dance or listen to a good music that makes your smile , " Elrafaey says . "  And I put smiles on people 's faces with my food . " "  When we started , I honestly had no idea how people would respond to a gourmet ` ful , ' ` tameya ' or ` koshari , ' " said Khalifa , who quit his banking job to start the restaurant . "  The response has been good , people have been coming in . " Business is so good that they are thinking to expand , opening a second and a third branch of Zooba in Cairo . And perhaps one day , in Dubai or even London -- which means taking Egyptian street food to the world .	For many residents of Cairo , the best food is street food It is not about style ; it means to be quick , cheap and filling Zooba cafe in Cairo turns street food into fine dining
CNN  -- A shootout in a border city that leaves five alleged drug traffickers sprawled dead on the street and seven police wounded . A police chief and his bodyguards gunned down outside his house in another border city . Four bridges into the United States shut down by protesters who want the military out of their towns and who officials say are backed by narcotraffickers . Mexican police carry a body after a clash with gangs that left 21 dead in the state of Chihuahua on February 10 . That was Mexico on Tuesday . What is most remarkable is that it was not much different from Monday or Sunday or any day in the past few years . Mexico , a country with a nearly 2,000-mile border with the United States , is undergoing a horrifying wave of violence that some are likening to a civil war . Drug traffickers battle fiercely with each other and Mexican authorities . The homicide rate reached a record level in 2008 and indications are that the carnage could be exceeded this year . Watch a reporter duck to avoid gunfire " Every day , newspapers and the airwaves are filled with stories and images of beheadings and other gruesome killings . Wednesday 's front page on Mexico City 's La Prensa carried a large banner headline that simply said "  Hysteria ! " The entire page was devoted to photos of bloody bodies and grim-faced soldiers . One photo shows a man with two young children walking across a street with an army vehicle in the background , with a soldier standing at a turret machine gun . Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , calls it "  a sickening vertigo into chaos and plunder . " By most accounts , that 's not hyperbole . "  The grisly portrait of the violence is unprecedented and horrific , " said Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s . "  I do n't think there 's any question that Mexico is going through a very rough time . Not only is there violence with the gangs , but the entire population is very scared , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington-based policy center . Speaking on a news show a few weeks ago , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich called it a civil war . Birns agrees . "  Of course it 's a civil war , but that only touches the violence of it , " he said Wednesday . "  It 's also a civic conflict , as an increasing number of people look upon the law and democratic values as something that can be violated . " Hakim is not prepared to go that far . "  One has to be careful and not overdo it , " he said . "  Mexico is a long way from being a failed state . Mexico has real institutions . It paves roads and collects the garbage . It holds regular elections . " Enrique Bravo , an analyst with the Eurasia consulting group , points out that the violence so far is mostly affecting just drug gangs and is primarily localized along the U.S. border and Mexico 's western coast . The violence along the border is particularly worrisome , analysts say . "  The spillover into the United States is bound to expand and bound to affect U.S. institutions , " Birns said . Pastor and Hakim note that the United States helps fuel the violence , not only by providing a ready market for illegal drugs , but also by supplying the vast majority of weapons used by drug gangs . Pastor says there are at least 6,600 U.S. gun shops within 100 miles of the Mexican border and more than 90 percent of weapons in Mexico come from the United States . And it 's not just handguns . Drug traffickers used a bazooka in Tuesday 's shootout with federal police and army soldiers in Reynosa , Mexico , across the border from McAllen , Texas . "  The drug gangs are better equipped than the army , " Hakim said . Pervasive corruption among public officials is central to the drug cartels ' success . "  There is so much money involved in the drug trade , there is so much fear involved in the drug trade , that no institution can survive unaffected , " Birns said . "  This has really revealed just how corrupt Mexican officeholders are , " Hakim said . In one recent instance , Noe Ramirez Mandujano , who was the nation 's top anti-drug official from 2006 until August 2008 , was arrested on charges that he accepted $ 450,000 a month in bribes from drug traffickers while in office . Such dire problems call for a new way of looking at the situation , some say . "  The unthinkable is happening , " Birns said . "  People are beginning to discuss decriminalization and legalization . ... There 's only one thing that can be done : Take the profit out of it . " Pastor calls the problem in Mexico "  even worse than Chicago during the Prohibition era " and said a solution similar to what ended that violence is needed now . "  What worked in the U.S. was not Eliot Ness , " he said , referring to the federal agent famous for fighting gangsters in 1920s and '30s . "  It was the repeal of Prohibition . " That viewpoint has picked up some high-level support in Latin America . Last week , the former presidents of Mexico , Colombia and Brazil called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in strategy on the war on drugs at a meeting in Brazil of the Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria said at a news conference , in which the 17-member commission 's recommendations were presented . Mexican President Felipe Calderon has taken the war on drugs to the cartels and some say it 's not working . "  It 's as if the burden of being the main arena of the anti-drug war has overwhelmed Mexican institutions , " Birns said . "  The occasional anti-drug battle is being won , but the war is being lost . And there 's no prospect the war is going to be won . " In the meantime , the killings will continue at a record pace . On Wednesday , the Mexican cities of Torreon and Gomez Palacio reported at least eight shootouts involving heavily armed men . The toll : seven dead , seven wounded .	Drug-related conflicts bring waves of violence , death that some liken to a civil war U.S. helps fuel violence with market for illegal drugs , weapons supply for drug gangs "  The drug gangs are better equipped than the army , " expert says Pervasive corruption among public officials also at center of drug cartels ' success
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney celebrated his 100th cap for England by scoring the equalizer in a 3-1 victory over Slovenia in an Euro 2016 qualifier at Wembley Saturday . A lackluster England was trailing to a Jordan Henderson own goal just before the hour mark when skipper Rooney changed the course of the match . The Manchester United striker almost immediately won a penalty after being tripped and converted from the spot to draw his team level . It was his 44th goal for England , drawing him level with the great Jimmy Greaves , but more importantly sparked his spluttering team into action . Strike partner Danny Welbeck put the home side ahead with as scrappy goal as his scuffed shot beat visiting keeper Samir Handanovic . But the third was a well worked move , the Arsenal man exchanging passes with Raheem Sterling before converting neatly . Four wins from four in Group E puts England well on the way to qualification for the finals in France in two years time . In the same group , one of the themes of the weekend continued with minnows San Marino , ranked 208th and joint-last in the FIFA rankings , holding Estonia to a 0-0 draw at home . The unlikely point came a day after the Faroe Islands stunned former European champion Greece 1-0 in Athens . Liechtenstein , population 40,000 , was also in fine form , upsetting Moldova 1-0 in Group G. Its captain Franz Burgmeier scored the goal , for a first competitive win since June 2011 . But there was no such luck for 2018 World Cup hosts Russia , beaten 1-0 in Austria in the same group , a result which leaves coach Fabio Capello 's future under the spotlight . Rubin Okotie scored the decisive goal in the 73rd minute as Austria opened up a five-point lead at the top of the group standings . Reigning European champion Spain was boosted by a superb opening goal from Real Madrid 's emerging star Isco in a 3-0 win over Belarus in Group C. Making is first start for Spain , Isco picked up the ball just outside the penalty area and curled a fine shot into the corner of the net . Barcelona pair Sergio Busquets and Pedro Rodriguez were also on target in a comfortable win which is Spain 's third win from four matches . It is tied with Ukraine on nine points , three adrift of table topping Slovakia , who won 2-0 in Macedonia Saturday .	England beats Slovenia 3-1 at Wembley Wayne Rooney scores equalizer on 100th appearance Minnows San Marino and Estonia secure upsets Spain eases past Belarus in Group C clash
Washington  CNN  -- Congress ' tangled relationship with the Affordable Care Act entered another phase Monday , raising a new question about whether lawmakers are really experiencing the exchanges the way other Americans do . Monday night was the deadline for members of Congress and the thousands of people who work on their staffs to sign up for the Obamacare exchanges , where they must go to get any job-related health benefits . But with technical problems popping up in the past few days , House administrators gave employees  including elected members  a safety net . If they were blocked by technical problems , staff members will still be able to sign up for another week . Hence the question : Is that a special break for Congress ? "  I do n't think that 's anything special , " Dan Weiser , spokesman for the chief administrative officer of the House , told CNN on Monday . "  Our employees face a deadline of midnight tonight , and if through no fault of their own they 're unable to sign up , then they 're being allowed to follow through on their signing up . " Now who 's having trouble with health care sign-up ? Ask Congress Throughout the day Monday , a steady stream of staffers stopped by the House payroll and benefits office to check that their sign-up had in fact been verified . The workers asking questions and those answering them seemed at ease . There were no signs of stress or deadline panic as each worker sat down for the few-minute confirmation process . "  This notice confirms your application for employer-sponsored insurance offered by STAFF US House of Representatives was received and approved , " read the short letters given to verified staff members and shown to CNN by several employees Monday . CNN spoke with some two dozen workers who were checking their health care sign-up . None would allow their names to be used , saying they did not have authorization to speak to the media . But all of them -- Republicans and Democrats -- said they felt the potential deadline extension was appropriate . The question of special treatment for Congress and Obamacare keeps rising like a bad cough , in large part because no other company or individual faces Congress ' odd combination of requirements and circumstances . GOP Sen. Graham latest to sign up for Obamacare , refuse subsidy The exchanges were designed for small companies , with fewer than 50 workers , and individuals who do n't have any employer coverage . Congress , on the other hand , employs some 20,000 people . Most companies that size negotiate their own employee plans and enrollment windows with health insurers . But because Congress wanted to taste the medicine of Obamacare firsthand , the Affordable Care Act mandates that the only way members or staff can get health care benefits is by signing up on an exchange . That means they can still buy health insurance off the exchange , but if they do , they will not get the thousands of dollars in premium help that comes as a benefit of their jobs . Because of this , Congress has an enrollment cutoff date , something that makes it different from the start . Outside of Congress , there is no enrollment cutoff date . Of course , the exchanges do have some deadlines : You must sign up by December 23 to get insurance coverage starting January 1 , and by March 1 , almost every American must have health care or be penalized . But those deadlines are attached to specific events ; there is no time that enrollment closes altogether . Obama urges young supporters to talk up Obamacare The Department of Health and Human Services confirmed that the exchanges allow people to sign up for health care year-round and that Congress is an exception . Thus , only Congress has both a requirement to go on the exchanges to get employee health benefits and a firm enrollment cutoff date . That cuttoff date was set up by the federal Office of Personnel Management and mirrors the sign-up dates for all federal workers . As problems bubbled up for congressional staffers , last week OPM 's director gave the Senate and House discretion to help individuals who have tried to sign up but were blocked by technical problems . Is that special treatment ? CNN asked experts and members from both parties and could not find anyone who thought so . "  Nobody here felt this was anything special , " said Weiser . "  This is just the right thing to do . " GOP repeal efforts go silent as Obamacare ` suicide ' plays out	Members of Congress and their staffs got an extension to sign up for Obamacare The extension is so staff can enroll and also receive subsidies Most House and Senate members and staffs must get insurance through Obamacare
CNN  -- When Neil Armstrong took one small step onto the moon in 1969 , it seemed only a matter of time before the advent of thriving space colonies and summer vacations on distant planets . But after an initial flurry of moon landings , manned lunar expeditions dwindled : the last time an astronaut left his footprints on the moon was in 1972 . Plants such as lettuce , peppers and tomatoes will be on the menu at Moon Base One . Then , in January 2004 , President Bush announced NASA 's intention to return humans to the moon by 2020 , and in 2006 , NASA announced plans to set up a manned lunar outpost by 2024 , with the European and Russian Space Agencies now planning bases of their own . After years in limbo , the dream of living in space is alive once more . Sustaining long-term space habitation presents space agencies with a whole new set of technological and logistical challenges . Currently , the International Space Station supports three astronauts in a low Earth orbit , with food supplied periodically by space shuttle . But , just as home cooking is cheaper than getting takeout , when it comes to more permanent settlements , this kind of supply voyages would be prohibitively expensive : we will need to grow our own food in space . Raymond Wheeler , a plant physiologist at Kennedy Space Center , explained to CNN , "  In the near term it 's not needed , for example on the space station and initial short sorties to the moon , but as you go further and stay longer , regenerative systems become much more cost effective . " Wheeler sees this development of space farming as a gradual process in which space outposts become increasingly self-sufficient . "  It would probably be evolutionary , " he said . "  The first human missions to Mars might set out with everything stowed , but they might set up the beginnings of an in-situ production system -- maybe a plant chamber -- that you could use to grow perishable foods . You would n't be providing everything , but in subsequent missions if you returned there you could expand the infrastructure . " Of course , this means growing plants in conditions very different from those on Earth . Yet research has shown that plants are surprisingly adaptable . For example , while plants normally use gravity to direct the growth of their stems and roots , in low gravity conditions they can use light to orient themselves . And research suggests that plants can grow well even at very low atmospheric pressures . That reduces the leakage of oxygen and carbon dioxide from their growth chamber out into space , but crucially , it also reduces the structural requirements of a "  space greenhouse , " meaning less construction material needs to be shipped into orbit . Nor is the absence of soil a problem . Many supermarket vegetables are already grown hydroponically in nutrient-enriched water , and research indicates this technique could work well in space . Some have even suggested the loose rock regolith on the surface of the moon or Mars as a growing medium , although additional minerals would need to be brought from Earth . So what 's on the menu at Moon Base One ? Well , initial crops would need to be small in stature and grow well in controlled environments with artificial light . Plants such as peppers and tomatoes are already extensively grown hydroponically , while lettuce , with its short lifecycle , would yield fast returns for pioneering space colonists . But again , Wheeler sees the choice of crops as part of an evolutionary process . He tells CNN , "  The first things you might grow would be perishable foods -- maybe vegetables or fruits -- things that do n't keep very well if you 're on a journey to Mars . Even though you 're not providing a lot of calories , these things could have a strong impact in terms of adding color , flavor and texture to the diet . " "  The other reason for considering freshly consumed foods on early missions is that they do n't require any processing , " he continued . "  If you were to grow grains , like wheat , you 'd have to thresh the seed out of the head , then clean it and mill it to make flour . Staple crops like wheat , soy bean , rice and potato -- things that would provide carbohydrates , protein and fat -- they 're the final end point . " Crops need a sheltered environment , protected from the extreme temperatures and frightening levels of radiation found on the moon 's surface , with water , carbon dioxide and light . Researchers at the University of Arizona 's Controlled Environment Agriculture Center  CEAC  , in collaboration with Sadler Machine Company  SMC  , have come up with one solution : to house plants and astronauts in an inflatable habitat . They are working on a full-scale prototype Mars Inflatable Greenhouse . Space-worthy inflatable structures have been around since the 1960s and are lightweight , compact in transit and easy to assemble on landing . But what 's novel about the CEAC design is that it incorporates a bio-regenerative life-support system -- the kind of technology that could one day not only feed an outpost on the moon or Mars , but also provide it with oxygen and recycle its water . Gene Giacomelli , Director of CEAC , told CNN , "  If people get to Mars we want to be able to feed them , but maybe even more importantly revitalize the atmosphere -- allow the plants to consume the carbon dioxide as they do so well here on Earth , and provide oxygen . " In the prototype designed by Phil Sadler  SMC  and evaluated by Giacomelli and graduate student Lane Patterson , plants are grown hydroponically . As water evaporates from their leaves , air moisture is condensed and re-used for irrigation . The inedible bits of plants , the stems and leaves , are fed into a composter that breaks down the biomass , releasing carbon dioxide that can be re-used by growing plants . In a working moon base , waste water from the astronauts ' showers and laundry could also go into the composter , where it would be cleaned by microbes and then used in the plants ' hydroponic system , before being condensed and re-used by the astronauts once again . The CEAC team intends to test the finished prototype in Antarctica , a harsh and remote environment that provides a realistic analog of conditions on the moon . The team has already provided a food growth chamber for the Amundsen-Scott South-Pole Station and the time Sadler and Patterson have spent there has provided a unique insight into some of the other benefits that bio-regenerative life support might provide for inhabitants of a space base . "  It 's not just oxygen , fresh water and food that it provides , but it 's also the green , living plants that psychologically become so important to people living and working in a confined , harsh , black and white space at the South Pole or in a moon or Mars base , " says Giacomelli . Patterson adds , "  Bright lights , high humidity , green plants and the fragrance as well -- these are things that are missing in that environment . Those things should n't be underestimated . " The CEAC project offers a tantalizing glimpse of the kind of habitat that may house settlers in the space colonies of the future . And perhaps one day , as you relax in your inflatable villa by the Sea of Tranquility , plants will provide much more than just your dinner . ... . Do you think farming on the moon will be a reality by 2024 ? Should man be developing stations on the moon ? Send us your thoughts by using the "  Sound Off " below .	NASA plans lunar outpost by 2024 Long-term space habitation will require space farming CEAC and SMC working on prototype Mars Inflatable Greenhouse Greenhouse could provide food , oxygen and recycle water
CNN  -- CBS News correspondent Lara Logan , who suffered an especially brutal sexual assault in Egypt 's Tahrir Square while covering the country 's revolution , said Sunday she feared a torturous death at the hands of the mob . "  I thought not only am I going to die here , but it 's going to be just a torturous death that 's going to go on forever and ever and ever , " she said in a "  60 Minutes " interview , her first on camera since the assault . Logan was covering the celebration that erupted in Tahrir Square following the resignation of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on February 11 . She reported for about an hour without any trouble . The atmosphere in the square was festive , like a party , she said , until all of a sudden , it was n't . An Arabic-speaking member of Logan 's crew abruptly said she needed to leave . "  I was told later that they were saying , ` Let 's take her pants off , ' " said Logan , 40 , about men in the crowd around her . Connie Chung shows her support for Logan "  Before I even know what 's happening , I feel hands grabbing my breasts , grabbing my crotch , grabbing me from behind , " she said . "  It 's not just one person ... it 's one person and another person and another person . " At first , Logan said she tried to yell , but that her screams "  turned them into a frenzy . " "  I did n't even know that they were beating me with flagpoles and sticks and things because I could n't even feel that ... the sexual assault was all I could feel -- was their hands raping me over and over and over again . " Logan felt men pull her hair , trying to rip away her scalp and tear at her limbs , her muscles . Her clothes were shredded . When she lost contact with the last remaining member of her crew , Logan -- speaking through tears -- said she had no doubt at that moment she was going to die . But Logan , who has two young children , said she never stopped struggling . "  It 's about staying alive now . I have to just surrender to the sexual assault . What more can they do now ? " she asked . "  The only thing to fight for , left to fight for , was my life . " Egyptian film shines light on sexual harassment The brutal attack went on for some 25 minutes , CBS reported . At some point , she was dragged by the mob until it was stopped by a fence , near to where a group of Egyptian women was sitting . She fell onto the lap of one woman , who put her arms around her , protecting her , Logan recalled . Other women closed rank . Finally , some Egyptian soldiers fought their way through the crowd with batons , Logan said . One threw her over his back and took her to a tank . She was reunited with her crew and soldiers drove them back to their hotel , CBS said . Logan later flew to the United States , where she went straight to a hospital . She is healing and said she feels strong . Logan , who told The New York Times last week that she did not plan to give any other interviews after the "  60 Minutes " segment was broadcast , said she is proud of having spoken out about her experience and breaking the silence around journalists and sexual violence . A survey in 2008 by the Egyptian Center for Women 's Rights claimed that 98 % of foreign women and 83 % of Egyptian women in the country had been sexually harassed . "  Women never complain about incidents of sexual violence because you do n't want someone to say ` Well , women should n't be out there . ' But I think there are a lot of women who experience these kind of things as journalists and they do n't want it to stop them from doing their job because they do it for the same reasons as me , " said Logan . "  They do it because they believe in being journalists . "	Lara Logan suffered a brutal sexual assault in Egypt 's Tahrir Square "  The only thing to fight for , left to fight for , was my life , " she says Logan was rescued by a group of women and Egyptian soldiers She says she is proud of breaking the silence around journalists and sexual violence
CNN  -- Los Angeles police have launched an internal investigation to determine who leaked a picture that appears to show a bruised and battered Rihanna . Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , before the Grammys on February 8 . The close-up photo -- showing a woman with contusions on her forehead and below her eyes , and cuts on her lip -- was published on the entertainment Web site TMZ Thursday . TMZ said it was a photo of Rihanna . Twenty-one-year-old Rihanna was allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , on a Los Angeles street before the two were to perform at the Grammys on February 8 . "  The unauthorized release of a domestic violence photograph immediately generated an internal investigation , " an L.A. police spokesman said in a statement . "  The Los Angeles Police Department takes seriously its duty to maintain the confidentiality of victims of domestic violence . A violation of this type is considered serious misconduct , with penalties up to and including termination . " A spokeswoman for Rihanna declined to comment . The chief investigator in the case had told CNN earlier that authorities had tried to guard against leaks . Detective Deshon Andrews said he had kept the case file closely guarded and that no copies had been made of the original photos and documents . Brown was arrested on February 8 in connection with the case and and booked on suspicion of making criminal threats . Authorities are trying to determine whether Brown should face domestic violence-related charges . Brown apologized for the incident this week . "  Words can not begin to express how sorry and saddened I am over what transpired , " the 19-year-old said in a statement released by his spokesman . "  I am seeking the counseling of my pastor , my mother and other loved ones and I am committed , with God 's help , to emerging a better person . " CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	Los Angeles police investigating leak of photo of a battered woman TMZ Web site says photo is of R&B singer Rihanna Rihanna allegedly attacked by her boyfriend , singer Chris Brown , on February 8 The two were scheduled to perform at the Grammys
CNN  -- Three former leaders of Sierra Leone 's brutal Revolutionary United Front guerrilla movement were found guilty Wednesday of crimes against humanity including murder , rape , sexual slavery and forced marriages , the Special Court for Sierra Leone announced . The RUF rebels were notorious for brutality . The charges stemmed from a civil war in the diamond-rich West African nation that lasted more than 10 years and stood out for its viciousness , even on a continent that has suffered many vicious conflicts . It led to tens of thousands of deaths and more than 2 million people fleeing their homes in the country of 6 million . The RUF rebels were known for hacking off civilians ' hands and feet during the war , which lasted from March 1991 until January 2002 . Former RUF "  interim leader " Issa Hassan Sesay , former RUF commander Morris Kallon and former RUF chief of security Augustine Gbao each faced 18 counts of war crimes , crimes against humanity , attacking U.N. peacekeepers , and recruiting and using child soldiers . Sesay and Kallon each were found guilty on 16 counts , while Gbao was found guilty on 14 , the court announced . They were charged with "  extermination , murder , rape , sexual slavery , forced marriages and physical violence " as well as enslaving civilians , mutilating people , and pillaging . They were convicted on all counts except two specifically related to the kidnapping of international peacekeepers in May 2000 . Gbao was also found not guilty of two other charges related to an attack on peacekeepers , although Sesay and Kallon were convicted of those crimes . Human Rights Watch senior Africa researcher Corinne Dufka called the verdict "  very significant . " "  The RUF were renowned for leading one of the most brutal rebel movements in modern days . Everyone knows about the signature atrocity of limb amputation , but there was also horrific sexual violence , abductions , use of child soldiers , and forced marriages , " she told CNN by phone from Senegal in West Africa . She lived Sierra Leone from 1999 to 2004 , documenting atrocities . "  It was difficult to find someone who had n't been a victim of or a witness to a war crime , " she said . Watch Jim Clancy 's report on the battle for Sierra Leone " Amnesty International also welcomed the convictions , but said much more needs to be done to bring hundreds of other perpetrators to justice . The group called it a "  positive , but still insufficient , step in the fight against impunity " in the country , and said "  many others -- numbering perhaps in the several hundreds -- must be investigated in Sierra Leone . " Eight people have now been convicted of war crimes connected with the conflict -- some on the rebel 's side and some on the government 's . The Special Court 's mandate is to try only "  those who bear greatest responsibility for atrocities committed in Sierra Leone . " Sesay , Kallon and Gbao had pleaded not guilty on all counts in a trial that lasted nearly five years . They are due to be sentenced within a month . The Special Court can not impose the death penalty . The RUF seized most of Sierra Leone from the government and fought international and African peacekeepers . The capital , Freetown , was retaken by international forces in 2000 . The trial of the three former leaders was the last of three to be held at the Special Court , a unique joint project of Sierra Leone and the United Nations . Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is on trial separately at an international court in The Hague for his role in the conflict . The prosecution rested in the Taylor case last month after a year of presenting its arguments . The Leonardo DiCaprio movie "  Blood Diamond " is set in Sierra Leone during the civil war . Despite the country 's diamond wealth , 70 percent of the population lives below the poverty line . In the days of the slave trade , the West African country was the departure point for thousands of captives bound for the Americas . Freetown was founded in 1787 as a home for repatriated former slaves .	NEW : Human rights groups welcome convictions of three Sierra Leone rebel leaders Convictions are for war crimes , crimes against humanity , child soldier use Civil war last more than 10 years and left tens of thousands dead RUF rebels were known for hacking off civilians ' hands and feet
Often , artists create work with a view to immortality ; if they ca n't live on , perhaps their creations can . Danae Stratou , on the other hand , knows one of her seminal pieces has a death sentence . In 1997 , she joined with industrial designer Alexandra Stratou and architect Stella Constantinides to create a breathtaking spiral made up of alternating conical dips and protrusions in the Sahara Desert , near the Egyptian town of El Gouna just off the Red Sea . The project , known as Desert Breath , spreads over one million square feet of sand . While the installation is still visible from the sky , there are marked signs of weathering . A body of water that once acted as the work 's center point has since evaporated . The earthen mounds have flattened over time , and cracks can be seen on the overall surface of the piece . For the artists  known collectively as D.A.ST . Arteam  , Desert Breath 's impending demise is the whole point . "  Through its slow disintegration , it 's become an instrument to measure the passage of time , " says Stratou . And as time has gone on , she adds , she finds she enjoys the piece more and more . "  The more time passes , the more it becomes fragile , but it also has developed a more organic relationship with the site . When it was just made , you could feel the connection to the shape , but now , it looks like it was n't made by human beings at all , and this is something we like a lot . " In fact , to many users of Google Earth , the site does n't look man made . Before knowing what it was , several commenters speculated it was anything from the imprint of an alien spaceship to the gateway to a parallel universe . A recent discussion on the Google Earth forum led to the work 's rediscovery , almost 17 years to the day after it was first built . "  It 's surprising that so many years later it would get all this attention , but on the other hand , sometimes things find their own moment , " Stratou speculates . "  Perhaps people can appreciate this kind of thing more now than they could back then , when they were caught up in making money or being famous . Today , we 're in a financial crisis , and perhaps Desert Breath reflects a new humility people feel , or a new need to connect to nature . " D.A.ST . Arteam spent nine months constructing the work , with the help of a local construction crew who donated the tools and manpower to build the site . "  I was totally cut off from Western civilization -- though I found that a positive thing . It was a huge change in the life I had led up until then . I woke up at four every morning and worked on the site through to sunset . There were n't mobile phones back then , so I could n't even speak to my family in Greece , " she recalls . There were times when it seemed the shelf life for the installation would be cut short . In the early stages of construction , the town of El Gouna experienced the worst floods it had seen in 60 years . Five years after it was completed , the government decided to build a new road that cut through the site . "  We had to go back and negotiate with the governor , who nicely agreed to take the road back a few meters . For me , it just showed that the biggest danger is people . I think people are more likely to destroy it than nature itself . "	Google Earth users delved into a range of theories to explain giant spiral in Egypt The shape is actually a 17-year old art installation by D.A.ST . Arteam The artwork is already showing signs of deterioration , and may not last another 50 years
London , England  CNN  -- A proposed partnership between the French government and Google is stoking fears in France that the country 's literary treasures will fall under commercial control of a U.S. technology company . Frederic Mitterand , the French minister of culture , has said that Google came to France with "  the attitude of a conqueror " signing "  unacceptable " and "  one-sided " deals . He told Le Monde newspaper that the deals involved "  excessive confidentiality , impossible exclusivity and casual -- even leonine -- clauses on copyright . " For some , however , Mitterand 's reaction is puzzling -- including one of the libraries concerned . Believing that access to their archives can promote French culture , the city of Lyon 's library has signed an agreement with Google , hoping to scan as many as 500,000 books in 10 years . The first text uploaded online was a rare 16th century collection of doomsday predictions from the French philosopher Nostradamus . Under the Lyon Library contract , Google will scan its books and manuscripts for free . In exchange , the library gives Google the right to use the scanned documents commercially for the next 25 years . "  I find it normal and good that that book is scanned in Lyon where it was written . So I do n't see the problem between using a method developed in the U.S. to promote heritage and culture in France or Europe . I do n't understand the problem , " Patrick Bazin , Director of the Lyon Library , told CNN . The library 's collection includes national literary treasures and collectibles , such as a 16th century bible , in 12 languages . That means security is a top concern and Google is therefore keeping the location of its scanning secret . "  By putting them on the Internet , much larger circles of society , including non-specialists , can read these works and enjoy them and find them useful , " Bazin added . "  They are works that touch upon all sorts of subjects of life , of the universe , " he continued . "  They concern everyone and so they matter to everyone , and so they have to be made available to everyone by scanning them . " At the national level , officials like Mitterand have expressed a strong preference to keep the digitizing an internal affair , and even develop a rival to Google . So far the government has earmarked $ 1 billion dollars to boost its own online database , known as Gallica . However , in January , an independent review for the French culture ministry criticized the lack of progress made by Gallica , and recommended a public-private partnership with Google . Since starting in 1997 , Gallica has scanned less than one million documents and about 145,000 books , according to the UK 's Financial Times newspaper . At the same time , the report concluded that deals between Google and libraries around Europe were disproportionately favorable for Google , and a better distribution would need to be brokered without the exclusivity clauses for France . Philippe Colombet , the head of Google Books in France , has said in the past that exclusivity was needed to guarantee a return on the investment of scanning , but that he welcomes a partnership with the state . In a statement emailed to CNN , Colombet reiterated "  Google 's commitment to work more than ever in partnership with publishers and other actors in the book industry to help create a virtuous ecosystem for books in the digital era . " Currently Google has seven library partners in Europe , including Lyon . It is only scanning out-of-copyright works in Europe . While the final details remain to be hammered out , the pace of Google 's process makes it hard to eschew . Google has already scanned more than 12 million books into its global index since the Google Books project launched at the Frankfurt Book Fair in 2004 .	Fears in France that Google will have commercial control of national treasures Lyon library teams with Google to scan rare manuscripts and books Government considering collaboration with Google to digitize its archives
If you 're holding onto the stereotype about foolhardy teens fiddling with their smartphones while driving , you might want to look at yourself first . In a new survey by AT&T , almost half of adults admitted to texting while driving , compared to a slightly smaller number of teens who fessed up to the same thing . About 49 % of adults say they 've sent a text while behind the wheel , according to a new survey conducted for the mobile company , compared with 43 % of teens in a survey from last April . And here 's the thing -- they all know it 's wrong . A full 98 % of respondents said they 're aware that texting and driving is n't safe . The report is part of AT&T 's "  It Can Wait " campaign , designed to discourage texting while driving . Started in 2009 , the campaign was ramped up last year with a series of somber TV ads featuring people who were injured , or the families of drivers who were killed , in car accidents in which a driver was using a phone . "  Through the It Can Wait movement , AT&T is collaborating with employers , nonprofits , law enforcement , educators , legislators , professional associations and government agencies nationwide , " said Cathy Coughlin , AT&T 's global marketing officer , in a written statement . "  I 'm confident , together we can save lives by encouraging millions more to make the personal commitment never to text and drive . " Despite the broad awareness about the dangers of texting behind the wheel , the survey suggests that the problem is getting worse . Six out of every 10 respondents said that , three years ago , they never texted while driving . And 40 % of the people who admit to texting in the survey say it 's a habit , not just an occasional slip-up . Drivers who are texting are 23 times more likely to get into an accident than other drivers , according to the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute . The report comes as National Distracted Driving Month is set to begin on Monday . AT&T is urging employers to start programs encouraging workers to take no-texting pledges . The recent survey was of 1,011 adult drivers in the U.S. who own cell phones . The teen survey was conducted last April with 1,200 drivers between 15 and 19 years old .	AT&T report says almost half of adults admit they text while driving Just 43 % of teens confess to doing the same thing Nearly all -- 98 % -- of respondents knew texting and driving is unsafe
Washington  CNN  -- The United States will send a team to North Korea this year to search for the remains of missing U.S. veterans of the Korean War , the Defense Department announced Friday . The search -- the first such mission in seven years -- will be conducted sometime this spring by members of the Joint Prisoner of War/Missing in Action Accounting Command . "  We 're always grateful for the opportunity to recover the remains of our fallen heroes from past wars , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said . "  And we are hopeful that this process will occur sooner rather than later . I do n't have a specific time frame to give you , but this is something that is very important to us and we 'll clearly focus on . " Beginning in 1996 , North Korean and U.S. military teams conducted 33 joint recovery missions looking for remains inside North Korea . More than 225 sets of remains were located , and brought out of the reclusive country . But all that changed in 2005 when then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld suspended the work , saying that due to rising nuclear tensions at the time , he felt the safety of the U.S. teams could not be guaranteed . U.S troops killed in action have a last ally Following talks between the two sides in October , officials agreed to resume the searches this year , according to Air Force Maj. Carie Parker , spokeswoman for the POW/Missing Personnel Office . The mission , which will include both U.S. and North Korean military personnel , will search two areas of North Korea : Unsan County and near the Chosin/Jangjin reservoir , according to the Defense Department . About 8,000 U.S. service members are listed as "  unaccounted for " from the Korean War , the 1950-1953 conflict often referred to as the "  forgotten war . "	The mission aims to recover the remains of missing U.S. veterans of the Korean War It is expected to be conducted this spring Such missions have been on hold since 2005 due to tensions between the U.S. , North Korea
Washington  CNN  -- 'T is the season to be wary when it comes to buying toys for children this holiday . Toxic and dangerous toys are right now sitting on store shelves , and a public interest group is warning consumers to beware when purchasing toys for toddlers because of possible safety hazards . The U.S. Public Interest Research Group released its 27th annual Trouble in Toyland survey Tuesday , and the progress report concluded what it has noted in previous years : toy hazards come in a variety of shapes and forms . Children can be injured from small parts that pose choking risks , strangled by cords on pull toys , lacerated by sharp edges , and endangered by exposure to toxic chemicals . Tents recalled for suffocation risk Over the years , the organization said , its reports have led to more than 150 recalls and other regulatory actions . This year 's list "  includes a potentially dangerous magnet toy , a bowling game that is a choking hazard and a key chain rattle that may be harmful to little ears , " it said . Researchers visited national toy stores , malls and dollar stores in September , October and November this year to look for potential toxic , choking , strangulation and noise hazards . "  We should be able to trust that the toys we buy are safe . However , until that 's the case , parents need to watch out for common hazards when shopping for toys , " said Nasima Hossain , public health advocate for Public Interest Research Group , in a release detailing the report . Folding bicycles recalled The Toy Industry Association , which represents more than 500 manufacturers in the United States , said , "  Safety is our top priority all year , " and a spokesman called the group 's survey "  another of its needlessly frightening reports . " "  Its headlines cry for caution but the fine print clarifies that most of the products on their list actually comply with the strict toy safety standards that are already in place in the U.S. , " said Stacy Leistner , vice president of communications for the association . "  Our companies are manufacturing to current regulations . " Leistner said that with some 3 billion toys sold in the United States every year , "  we have a good track record for our companies making safe products . " Among the survey 's findings : -- Lead exposure from toys remains a serious risk to the brains of young children and "  can cause permanent mental and developmental impairments . " -- Magnet toys pose problems , especially if the magnets are swallowed . The Consumer Product Safety Commission has estimated there were 1,700 emergency room cases nationwide between 2009 and 2011 involving the ingestion of high-power magnets , nearly three-quarters of them in children between 4 and 12 . Magnetic Buckeyballs discontinued -- Two toys -- a car driving wheel on a console and a toy guitar -- exceed the recommended limit for continuous exposure to noise above 65 decibels . Researchers say one in five U.S. children will have some degree of hearing loss by the time they reach the age of 12 . -- Several toys contain small parts having what the organization says is improper labeling and "  might be mistakenly purchased for children under 3 . " Choking on small toy parts such as marbles and balloons has resulted in hundreds of deaths over the past two decades . Consumers are urged to examine toys carefully for potential dangers before making a purchase . The U.S. Public Interest Research Group recommends the Consumer Product Safety Commission review its definition of "  small part " or "  small toy " to include parts and toys that are larger than the current standard but have been shown to pose a choking hazard . It also calls for "  vigorous " enforcement of lead limits in toys . Go to http://www.uspirg.org/reports/usp/trouble-toyland-2012 to read the survey report and a summary of 2012 's potentially dangerous toys . Retail employees fight Black Friday creep	New : The Toy Industry Association says the report is "  needlessly frightening " U.S. Public Interest Research Group releases its annual Trouble in Toyland survey It finds risks of choking , strangulation , lacerations and toxic exposure The group says the government 's regulations on small toys should be expanded
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Ted Stevens , indicted Tuesday on seven counts of making false statements on Senate financial disclosure forms , has a long history in the Senate . Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens was charged Tuesday with making false statements on financial disclosure forms . And in the last few years , the Alaska Republican has been a poster boy for congressional spending critics . In 2005 , legislation backed by Stevens to build a so-called "  bridge to nowhere " became a lightning rod for those critics . The proposal called for construction of a $ 223 million bridge to connect Alaska 's Gravina Island -- population 50 -- to the mainland . The allocation was backed by Stevens and Alaska Rep. Don Young , then the powerful GOP chairman of the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure . Congress later rescinded the earmarked funding for the bridge . The project also drew the ire of Sen. John McCain , now the presumptive GOP presidential nominee , who has long chastised Congress for wasteful spending . He has cited the "  bridge to nowhere " in several campaign speeches this year . During the primaries , McCain said politicians ' pet projects could have played a role in the Minnesota bridge collapse in early 2007 . "  Maybe if we had done it right , maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges around the country , " McCain said in Ankeny , Iowa , on August 4 , 2007 . "  Maybe the 200,000 people who cross that bridge every day would have been safer than spending ... your tax dollars on a bridge in Alaska to an island with 50 people on it . " While the Arizona senator has long fought earmarks , he never specifically went after the "  bridge to nowhere , " and he was absent for key votes on its funding , according to FactCheck.org . Stevens , 84 , is the oldest Republican senator and second in age only to Sen. Robert Byrd , the 90-year-old Democrat from West Virginia . Stevens is up for re-election in 2008 . The former chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee has represented Alaska in Washington since 1968 and is renowned for his prowess in steering federal funds to his vast , sparsely populated state . Stevens is the Senate 's president pro tempore emeritus ; co-chairman of the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee ; vice chairman of the Committee on Commerce , Science , and Transportation ; and ranking member of the Disaster Recovery Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee . "  During World War II , he joined the Army Air Corps and flew support missions for the Flying Tigers of the 14th Air Force . Stevens was awarded numerous medals for his service , including the Distinguished Flying Cross , " according to his Senate Web site . After the war , Stevens attended and graduated from both UCLA and Harvard Law School , and later practiced law in Alaska . He later moved to Washington to work in President Dwight Eisenhower 's White House . After his stint in the White House , Stevens moved back to Alaska and ran for state representative . He was elected to the Alaska House in 1964 . Four years later , Stevens was appointed to the U.S. Senate . In 1970 , he was elected to finish his term in a special election mandated by state law , according to Stevens ' Web site . He has since been re-elected six times .	Ted Stevens of Alaska is the oldest serving GOP U.S. senator He drew criticism over his proposed ` bridge to nowhere ' legislation Stevens ' career in public service spans more than six decades He served in the Army Air Corps during World War II
CNN  -- He is perhaps the most recognizable man in fashion , almost never seen without his dark glasses , a silver ponytail and fingerless gloves . And while the German-born fashion designer has been the creative force behind fashion house Chanel for more than a quarter of a century , he 's still thriving on new ideas , designs and what the future may hold . "  I do n't look back ... Life is not something made by order , we have to fit in the pattern of what life is all about now , and I 'm a person who fits easily into this kind of situation because I like change , " he told CNN in Shanghai . While his own image is enduring , he is the creative force of the Chanel fashion house , whose eponymous designer , Coco Chanel created some of the most iconic outfits of the 20th century . He may have upset the traditionalists when he first took over the reins , but for the forward-thinking Lagerfeld , it was not a concern . "  My job is to put in people 's brain the idea what Chanel was all about , even if it was not about such a large choice of things ... I pushed -LSB- Coco Chanel 's -RSB- symbol , like the change of pearls , in a way much more than she did herself . I could play with everything and mix it with everything that 's going on in fashion because fashion is about that . It 's not retrospective , it has to be something you want to wear now , " he said . As for the notoriously harsh world of fashion , Lagerfeld sees it merely as a reflection of the way the world works . "  This is a world with no pity or that you can complain , ' I could n't do it because things are against me . ' No , things are against nobody , if you have something to offer , or if you can be something , " he said . "  If you want to be successful in the fashion world , as well as the movie world and music world , it 's something else that you need , but you can not decide that you have it . It 's up to you to sew it , but it 's up to the others to use it . In a way it 's the worst of worlds , but if you made in the world , it 's beyond pleasant . " Confident and unabashed Lagerfeld is looking forward to more creative inspiration and hard work . His contracts with Chanel and Fendi are for life . "  Chanel died doing her last collection in her 90s , so I have time . I do n't think like this . It 's my projection , always six months , six months , six months . I do n't know . People laugh at me to disappear but I 'm not ready for that one . "  I am born for the battlefield . Competition is healthy you know . Some people would like the idea of no competition so they can keep the position for the rest of their lives , but no , there has to be a kind of danger all the time . I think it 's very healthy , it makes you better . " Watch the full Talk Asia show with Karl Lagerfeld on CNN from Wednesday , December 23 .	German-born fashion designer is one of the most recognizable figures in fashion Has been creative force behind Chanel for over 25 years Told CNN he thinks little of the past , successes or failures , focused on the present "  I am born for the battlefield . Competition is healthy , " he told CNN
CNN  -- The young woman battling a flesh-eating bacterial infection in Augusta , Georgia , has taken another step toward recovery : Doctors have upgraded her condition from "  serious " to "  good . " The change indicates Aimee Copeland 's "  vital signs are stable and within normal limits , " that she is "  conscious and comfortable " and that indicators are "  excellent , " Doctors Hospital said in a news release Monday . Copeland , 24 , is doing so well that she got into a wheelchair and left her hospital room for the first time Sunday , her father wrote Monday on his blog . "  In your mind 's eye , you probably are picturing Aimee grabbing a wheelchair and scooting into it by herself and then rolling herself through doorways and down hallways like some superhuman quad amputee , " Andy Copeland wrote . "  Dispel such notions . The process of actually sitting up requires the aid of a very good physical therapist , which we are fortunate to have . " Her father wrote that being outside was "  the best therapy she has had in weeks . " Georgia woman with flesh-eating bacteria gets skin graft Sitting among the pine trees , Andy and Donna Copeland asked their daughter how she really felt about the past 49 days , he wrote . He was n't expecting the response he got . He wrote that she said she felt "  blessed " -- not blessed to be alive , but blessed to be different . " ' I mean that I am blessed to have the opportunity to experience something that not many other people have the chance to experience , ' " Copeland wrote , recalling his daughter 's words . " ' I am blessed to be able to have a challenge that not many others get to have . I am blessed to have the capacity to share my experience with others and have a chance to improve the quality of someone else 's life . I 'm blessed to be different . ' " Aimee Copeland 's ordeal began May 1 , when she was riding a makeshift zip line across the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta . The line snapped , and she fell and got a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . The bacteria led surgeons to amputate most of her hands , part of her abdomen , one of her legs and her remaining foot in an effort to stay ahead of the infection . She has also had multiple skin grafts . Her father has written regularly since about her situation , with over 78,000 "  likes " on his Facebook blog devoted to Aimee 's fight . A number of bacteria that are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections can lead to the condition . When the bacteria gets into the bloodstream -- such as through a cut -- doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . The infection attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . Flesh-eating bacteria victim speaks , jokes , father says	Aimee Copeland 's condition has been updated from "  serious " to "  good " She went outside for the first time since she was admitted to the hospital , her father says Copeland feels "  blessed " to have undergone this experience , her father says
Health.com  -- Amanda Santos wanted to send her 5-year-old daughter , Skylar , to a small private school . But after they interviewed , met the teachers , and submitted Skylar 's medical records , they never heard back from the school , despite repeated inquiries . Santos , who lives in Fairhaven , Massachusetts , ca n't say for sure why communication was cut off so abruptly , but she 's convinced that Skylar 's severe nut allergy was an issue . "  They knew going in that she had an allergy ; they said it was no problem , " says Santos . "  But until we sat down and had a meeting about the precautions they 'd have to take -- kids washing their hands , asking parents not to send nuts to school , that kind of thing -- they did n't realize how severe it was . I just think they did n't want her there , did n't want to deal with all of that . " Health.com : The latest on food allergies Santos is not alone . According to a new study conducted in the U.K. , families with children who are living with this potentially life-threatening condition often feel isolated , stigmatized , or unfairly excluded from activities , due to the allergies . In many ways , nut allergies feel more like a disability than a chronic illness because of the stigma , the researchers say . "  Families reported some really very difficult and unpleasant experiences when they were trying to keep their child safe from risk , " says coauthor Mary Dixon-Woods , professor of medical sociology at the University of Leicester . She was surprised by the study 's results . "  I was expecting to hear about problems with labeling and so on , but the extent of the stigma families reported was very troubling , " she says . Peanuts are the most common food trigger of life-threatening anaphylactic shock , accounting for more than half of all fatal food-induced allergic reactions . Peanut allergies are on the rise , doubling in children between 1997 and 2002 . About 1 % of children in the U.S. have peanut allergies . Health.com : 8 Reasons to delay vaccines for kids Along with the rise in nut allergies have come more restrictions on schools and other public places , including nut-free classrooms and airplanes , as well as better labeling for products . In recent years , there has been a bit of backlash against the greater focus on nut allergies . In 2008 , Harvard Medical School professor Nicholas A. Christakis published in the journal BMJ an editorial called "  This allergies hysteria is just nuts . " While noting that allergies are a real problem , he wrote about the "  overabundance of caution " at his children 's school and an incident in which a school bus was evacuated because a peanut was found on the floor . To determine some of the challenges faced by parents of children with nut allergies , Dixon-Woods and her colleagues interviewed 26 families about their coping strategies and techniques for avoiding dangerous situations . They found , however , that these parents were routinely made to feel that such allergies were nothing but a "  frivolous and self-indulgent fad invented and maintained by attention-seeking people . " Health.com : The healthiest vacuum cleaners for your home Parents interviewed for the study frequently encountered skepticism or hostility when they tried to explain their children 's allergies to others , says Dixon-Woods . Birthday parties became "  nightmares , " and even just sending kids to school or leaving them with friends or family was terrifying . Interview transcripts from the study reveal several scenarios in which parents felt ridiculed , ignored , or challenged on the subject of food allergies . · In the lunchroom at school , children might feel bullied . "  She was teased and things like that , people saying ... ` I 've got nuts and I 'm gon na come and touch you , ' " said one participant . · Said one participant about a family camping trip : "  He 'd caught her sort of pulling faces and complaining to other people that they 'd had to put the peanuts away ... they all laughed and it was awful ... " · At a social gathering , the hosts thought the family was overdramatizing the problem . "  We got invited up for a party ... gave them a list of what he could eat , " said one study participant . " -LSB- We -RSB- walked in there and I could n't believe my eyes , big bowls of peanuts in between all the food . " · Forgetful or disbelieving relatives are n't uncommon . In one family , a grandparent gave a child candy with nuts . "  Now whether it was deliberate or not , I do n't know , but I blew a fuse , " said one participant . "  I suppose in my heart of hearts I felt that he 'd given it deliberately ; my husband does n't want to believe that his father would do that . " The study , published Monday in the journal Chronic Illness , was funded by the British charity Midlands Asthma and Allergy Research Association . Dixon-Woods agrees that better food labeling , more education , and stricter regulation is necessary to reduce misunderstanding and negative attitudes about nut allergies especially in the United States , where peanut-based products are ubiquitous and the word allergy is frequently used to describe non-life-threatening conditions such as hay fever . "  It may be time to come up with a new term to describe the condition , " Dixon-Woods says . " ` Nut allergy ' is so poorly understood that it really is not a helpful term anymore . " Health.com : How to buy the right air cleaner The Santos family removed their daughter from preschool this year because a teacher gave her a food with traces of nuts . When she had a minor reaction , the school 's response was , "  Well , she did n't die , so she 's fine , " Santos says . They 've had flight attendants tell them that other passengers ' snack preferences were more important than Skylar 's safety . And they 've gotten nasty looks from parents on Skylar 's T-ball team after her coach requested that a child who 'd been eating nuts put them away and wash his hands . "  Generally speaking , the public awareness of food allergy in the U.S. has increased , and this has resulted in some real benefits to families , " says Brian P. Vickery , MD , an assistant professor of pediatrics at Duke University School of Medicine , in Durham . "  For example , manufacturers are now required to put clearer labels on food items , many restaurants can provide better experiences , and schools are often more prepared to handle children with allergies . " However , the situation is far from perfect , he says . Health.com : 15 hypoallergenic dogs and cats "  Bullying in school does happen . The risks of anaphylaxis are not always appreciated , " says Dr. Vickery . "  Many families continue to struggle over and over again with obstacles , limitations , skepticism , and judgment . " Each family handles the challenges differently , but "  we try to provide as much practical and scientific guidance as we can , and equip them to handle anything that might happen , " he says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Families with food allergies often feel isolated , stigmatized , or unfairly excluded Peanuts are the most common food trigger of life-threatening anaphylactic shock Public awareness of food allergy in the U.S. has increased
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran Tuesday successfully launched its first satellite into orbit , a step hailed by Iran 's president as a "  source of pride " for the Islamic republic , according to state-run news outlets . Reported satellite launch took place on the 30th anniversary of the Islamic revolution in Iran . U.S. Department of Defense officials confirmed the launch , and the State Department expressed "  grave concern . " "  Developing a space launch vehicle that could ... put a satellite into orbit could possibly lead to development of a ballistic missile system , " State Department acting spokesman Robert Wood told reporters . "  So that 's of grave concern to us . " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is expected to discuss Iran in meetings Tuesday with British Foreign Secretary David Miliband and German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier . On Wednesday officials from the United States , Britain , France , Germany , Russia and China will meet in Germany to discuss next steps on Iran . Wood said that Undersecretary William Burns , who is representing the United States , will seek input and discuss some ideas the Obama administration has about how to move forward . Watch Iran launch its first satellite " Two U.S. officials confirmed that Iran had launched a low-earth orbit satellite , CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr said . There were no indications of any weapons activity on the two-stage rocket , although the rocket is capable of launching long-range weapons , the officials said . "  I would n't think of this in terms of highly advanced technology , " one U.S. official said . But it does suggest Iran 's two-stage rockets are increasingly reliable . The Pentagon said Tuesday the launch is "  clearly a concern of ours . " "  Although this appears to be satellite , there are dual-use capabilities that could be applied to missiles , and that 's a concern to us and everybody in region , " Department of Defense spokesman Geoff Morrell said . The launch of the satellite Omid -- which means "  Hope " in Farsi -- was timed to coincide with the 30th anniversary celebrations of the Islamic revolution in Iran , according to Iranian media reports . Iran said the satellite had already completed its first mission -- to transmit a message from Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who spoke at the launching ceremony Monday night . In his message , Ahmadinejad congratulated the nation and said the successful launch improves Iran 's status in the world , the Islamic Republic News Agency reported . He stressed that both the satellite and the Safir rocket used to launch it were made entirely by Iranian technicians . Iranian Defense Minister Mostafa Mohammad Najjar said that despite the small size of the Omid satellite , it will open the way for an Iranian space program . He said Tehran plans to launch another satellite in the future . In August , Iran performed a test of a rocket capable of launching a satellite into orbit . Iranian officials declared that mission a success , but U.S. officials disputed that . Senior U.S. officials had expressed concerned about the test of the rocket , saying Iran could use the rocket to deliver warheads . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Iran 's president hails launch of first satellite into orbit as "  source of pride " United States confirms Iran launched low-earth orbit satellite Monday night Launch coincides with 30th anniversary of victory of Islamic revolution In August , Iran said it tested rocket capable of launching satellite into orbit
Jinan , China  CNN  -- Facing his former deputy whose attempted defection to the United States sealed both men 's fate , fallen high-flying politician Bo Xilai continued his defiant stance Saturday as his increasingly dramatic trial stretched into a third day . The former Communist Party chief of the sprawling south-western metropolis of Chongqing denied abusing his power -- the third and final charge heard in court stemming from his actions after Wang Lijun , then the city 's police chief , told Bo that local police were investigating his wife Gu Kailai for murder . Prosecutors accuse Bo of threatening and improperly firing Wang upon learning of the murder investigation , causing Wang to seek asylum in the U.S. consulate in a nearby city in early February 2012 , and triggering the greatest political crisis for the Communist Party in decades . "  I have made mistakes . I feel regret and I 'm willing to take responsibility , " Bo , 64 , was quoted as saying in a transcript released by the Jinan Intermediate People 's court in eastern China , where he is also being tried for bribe-taking and embezzlement . "  But whether or not I 've committed a crime is a different issue . " "  I did n't bend the law to protect Gu Kailai , " he said . "  I did n't force Wang Lijun out or force him to defect to the United States . " Bo did acknowledge slapping Wang in the face -- a key moment long considered a turning point in the two men 's relationship -- during a confrontation , claiming he was furious at his "  double-faced " deputy who had faked his loyalty to the Bo family . Taking the witness stand , Wang described an even more disturbing sequence of events in Bo 's office a day after he told his boss about the murder investigation in late January 2012 . "  He started verbally assaulting me ... and about three minutes later , he walked around the left side of his desk and stood in front me . He suddenly attacked me with his fist , hitting on my left ear -- it was not just a slap , " Wang recalled , according to a court transcript . "  My body shook a little ... and I found blood at the corner of my mouth and discharge in my ear , " he continued . "  I wiped the blood off with a tissue , but when he heard me calmly tell him again that he had to face the reality , he threw a glass on the ground while saying ` I 'll never accept it . ' " Wang told prosecutors that Bo 's physical violence against him as well as the disappearance of his aides and investigators led to his decision to seek refuge in the U.S. diplomatic mission in Chengdu . When Bo was allowed to question the witness , Wang revealed in an exchange that Gu had told him about her intention to kill a day before the murder . And when Bo asked Wang : "  Did you think I was forcing you out in an attempt to cover up  my wife 's murder  case ? " Wang replied : "  Yes . " Embezzlement and corruption charges Earlier Saturday , Bo kept up his vigorous defence against embezzlement charges and , as he did Friday on corruption charges , dismissed testimony from his jailed wife as a desperate attempt to reduce her own sentencing , prompting observers to revel in the intimate details of the extravagant life of an estranged couple once called "  the Kennedys of China . " Gu is serving a suspended death sentence for killing British businessman and family friend Neil Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in November 2011 . She gave her testimony to the court via video and has said that Bo was well aware of multimillion-dollar dealings to fund their and their younger son 's jet-setting lifestyle . "  I have feelings for Gu Kailai , " Bo said Saturday morning , after admitting to an extramarital affair . "  She is a vulnerable woman ... and who else could she turn in ? That 's why all accusations against me originated from her . " Prosecutors allege that Bo received five million renminbi  $ 820,000  of public funds from a local urban planning official in Dalian , Liaoning Province , in the early 2000s when he was mayor and later the provincial governor . Bo slammed the allegations as "  contradictory " and denied that he needed to take the money as his wife earned millions of dollars from her five law firms . Under the bribery indictment , prosecutors accuse Bo of using his political posts to secure influence for others . They say that between 2000 and 2012 , Bo , Gu and their son , Bo Guagua , received about 22 million renminbi  $ 3.6 million  in bribes from businessmen in Dalian . Timeline : Bo Xilai scandal Bo 's fall from grace Bo is a princeling , a term that refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Mao Zedong and former leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past three decades , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policymaking body of the Communist Party . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing . Bo 's glittering career , in which he drew admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year amid a scandal involving murder , corruption and betrayal . Ex-police chief Wang 's attempted defection precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his Party posts . After his wife 's sentencing last August , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Bo 's trial is seen as a potentially concluding chapter in the scandal . His high profile and connections among the nation 's ruling elite have made his case -- with its tales of greed and wrongdoing by a top official and his family -- an extremely delicate matter for Chinese authorities . It 's taken more than a year , during which time the Communist Party underwent a major leadership change , to bring him to trial . Many observers had expected proceedings to stick closely to a pre-planned script , seeing the trial 's outcome as the result of a political deal struck between Bo and China 's top leaders . But as he often did in his political career , Bo has so far stolen the show , mounting a robust attack on the prosecution 's case and ridiculing witness testimony . That has left China watchers trying to figure out how far he 's veered off script . Journalists from the international news media have n't been allowed inside the courtroom . But the court 's official microblog account has delivered updates on developments inside , attracting almost half a million followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . CNN has n't been able to verify how accurate and comprehensive the court 's version of proceedings has been . But many observers have interpreted it as a reasonably close , albeit filtered , account . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , David McKenzie , Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Bo trial wraps up third day Saturday in Jinan The former top official has mounted a tough defense against bribery charges So far , Bo has stolen the show , attacking prosecution 's case and ridiculing testimony
JACKSONVILLE , North Carolina  CNN  -- It 's possible that a pregnant Marine missing since December 14 may have left willingly , perhaps after being upset by a phone call , documents released Thursday by Onslow County authorities show . Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach last spoke to family members in the Dayton , Ohio , area on December 14 . Those records were bolstered by comments made by the county sheriff who pleaded for 20-year-old Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , who is eight months pregnant , to come home . The young woman 's mother , Mary Lauterbach , told authorities that her daughter has a history of being a "  compulsive liar , " a police report states . Mary Lauterbach described having a "  firm conversation " with Maria Lauterbach about her unborn baby , telling her she should give the baby up for adoption because she is unable to care for it . Watch police face unanswered questions " "  Ms. Maria Lauterbach was telling Mary Lauterbach everything was fine , but Mary Lauterbach had a sense that the statements were not accurate , " the report said . Lauterbach last spoke to family members in the Dayton , Ohio , area on December 14 . They reported her missing on December 19 after being unable to contact her . Documents attached to a search warrant in the case cite the Marine 's mother as saying Lauterbach had been the victim of a sexual assault by a superior officer . Onslow County Sheriff Ed Brown said Thursday his office had not talked to the person accused in that case and referred any other comment to the Marine Corps . Officials at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina , where Lauterbach is based , have not commented on the assault allegations . Earlier Thursday , Brown pleaded with Lauterbach to come forward and get help . "  Regardless of the circumstances , this has got to stop , " Brown told reporters . "  You ca n't run from those things in life . " While he would not say definitively that authorities believe Lauterbach is alive , Brown said he is leaning toward a positive outcome . "  You pray that she 's alive , " he said . Mary Lauterbach said her daughter claimed to have been sexually assaulted by a senior officer , but the military investigation had "  gone sour , " according to the Onslow County reports . When police consulted with the military on the allegations , the military reported that the case was open , but "  it was difficult , due to inconsistencies provided by Maria Lauterbach , the reported victim . " Military investigators also "  confirmed the history of compulsive lying , " the report said , and added that Lauterbach was facing a possible discharge from the Marine Corps and was under personal and professional stress . A Marine Corps Times story Thursday , citing unnamed sources , said Lauterbach may have fled her post after she withdrew the sexual assault allegations because she feared being charged with making a false statement . The newspaper said the allegations were lodged with Marine Corps officials last year and later withdrawn . The Marine Corps is bringing Lauterbach 's roommate , Sgt. Daniel Robert Durham , back to North Carolina from a training deployment in California to answer questions . Watch sheriff say why he 'll talk with roommate " The Onslow County report said that Durham told police that he had made his home available to Lauterbach "  out of sympathy for her situation " and that the two had shared the home for only a short period of time . Durham said he noticed nothing unusual in Lauterbach 's behavior before she disappeared , but said "  she had been upset by a phone call from her stepmother . " A few items of Lauterbach 's were missing , he said -- her car , some cosmetics and clothing -- that led him to believe she may have left willingly . However , Durham told police that Lauterbach was confined to bed most of the time because of her pregnancy and that she "  was in no shape for extended outings , " according to the reports . Brown told reporters Thursday that Durham is a close friend who may be the last person known to have talked with Lauterbach before her disappearance . Mary Lauterbach told the Dayton Daily News on Wednesday that she last spoke to her daughter on December 14 in what she called "  a very normal conversation . " The mother told CNN affiliate WDTN that later that day , she got a phone call from her daughter 's roommate saying Maria had left their house . After that , calls she made to her daughter 's cell phone went unanswered , Mary Lauterbach told the Dayton newspaper . Brown said Maria Lauterbach may have been due to give birth January 8 . The police reports , however , said she was due on February 14 , and did not show up for a prenatal medical appointment on December 28 . Lauterbach 's cell phone was found on a roadside near Camp Lejeune on December 20 . Her car was found Monday in the parking lot of a fast-food restaurant , Brown said , and had apparently been there since December 15 . The car was processed , he said , but nothing of value was found . Investigators have said that a withdrawal from Lauterbach 's bank account was made on December 14 and there was "  suspicious activity " on the account 10 days later . Police reports said Lauterbach 's ATM card was used at a Marine Federal Credit Union by a man who attempted to cover the surveillance camera with a rag while he withdrew money from her account . A search warrant released with the other documents Thursday seeks Western Union records , saying authorities have reason to believe Lauterbach may be receiving financial support through money transfers . "  Call mom !!! You know the number , " says a Facebook page established to help find Lauterbach . "  All of us love you and we miss you . Please come home ! " Lauterbach is a personnel clerk assigned to Combat Logistics Regiment 27 , 2nd Marine Logistics Group , II Marine Expeditionary Force , the Marine Corps said . She joined the service on June 6 , 2006 . E-mail to a friend	Cops : Marine 's mother says daughter has history of being "  compulsive liar " Documents raise possibility Marine left willingly Missing Marine was assaulted by superior officer , mother told police Maria Lauterbach , 20 , was eight months pregnant when she went missing
Manganese Bronze , the maker of the classic London taxi and a former niche player in Coventry 's once booming car-making arena , is now the last car company in the city and enjoys the curious status of being the biggest London-listed car maker by volume . Maker of London 's classic black cabs is linking with Chinese carmaker Geely . However , it is struggling with the recession . Production is down to 12 vehicles a day during a four-day week in the UK and is barely at break even . Priced between # 30,000 and # 34,000 , they are not cheap . Regulations such as the requirements of turning circles have helped protect the company 's dominant supply position in recent years -- but it has suffered a fall of up to 40 per cent in demand during the past year . In contrast to sluggish UK production , the company is working flat out to export the London cab internationally . With the start of commercial production and sales of the taxis in China by a joint venture with carmaker Geely , it pins its hopes on the London taxi becoming an affordable option for cabbies worldwide . After an aborted attempt to set up a manufacturing and sales licensing deal with Brilliance China Automotive in 2002 , Manganese Bronze turned to Geely in 2006 . The Chinese automaker , which has become a 20 per cent shareholder in the company , has finally begun production of London taxis in a plant in Shanghai . The joint venture , Shanghai LTI , in which Manganese Bronze holds a 48 per cent stake , hopes to sell 1,000 vehicles in China this year -- with expectations of a further 3,000 in territories beyond Asia such as Turkey , Saudi Arabia , Bahrain and Spain in the course of the next three years . Geely expects the average Chinese black cab to sell for about # 10,000 , with production costs as low as # 4,000 on a production line capable of producing 40,000 vehicles a year . John Russell , Manganese Bronze 's chief executive , does not claim demand will reach that level -- which is about 20 times the current sales rate in the UK market . But he insists the taxis can find a premium niche among operators with millions of vehicles used as taxis and minicabs worldwide . Mr Russell says : "  If we were -LSB- only -RSB- a car company , making two or three thousand cars a year , we would have gone out of business years ago . In London , taxi drivers , "  hearing tales of doom and gloom " as they carried City bankers and hedge fund managers in the autumn of 2007 became lead indicators of consumer belt-tightening . They deferred new vehicle purchases , which now hover at about 2,000 units a year rather than the 3,000 that can be produced to meet peak demand . Manganese Bronze -- which was also affected by an embarrassing product recall last year after a series of fires in its vehicles -- has responded by cutting headcount , pay and shifts . It plans a # 9.4 m placing of shares in June to shore up its balance sheet -- as it has slipped into the red . If the UK business is fragile , there is no doubting the robustness of the black cabs that have rolled off the production line at Manganese Bronze 's plant for several decades . London taxis typically cover between 20,000 and 30,000 miles a year -- with annual mileages of 100,000 clocked up by some cabbies in far-flung parts of Scotland . The average life span of a vehicle is 12-13 years with many taxis , often driven across shifts by different drivers , covering more than a million miles during their time on the road . The company has found innovative ways to save money , says Mr Russell . "  Two years ago , if you had stress-tested many companies for a 30 or 40 per cent fall in business , most would have predicted they could not survive , " he says , acknowledging the "  But businessses have adjusted and found innovative ways to save money , he adds - efforts from both shopfloor and boardroom . In spite of the low Chinese production costs and production capacity , Mr Russell also insists he will maintain production for the domestic market in the UK . The joint venture should also see UK production costs cut as a result of components supplied by China . "  We ca n't stand on our own two feet without China , " says Mr Russell , whose business cards are in English and Chinese characters . "  We -LSB- have -RSB- always said the business is fragile . " But he adds : "  There is significant value in being a UK producer . "  Can you imagine BMW and VW not producing in Germany ? We need a UK manufacturing presence . " © The Financial Times Limited 2009	Manganese Bronze , London 's struggling cab maker , in joint venture in China Tie-up with Geely hopes to sell 4000 vehicles in foriegn markets UK production now down to 12 vehicles a day and company is barely breaking even
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives passed a bill Tuesday that would extend funding for the federal government by another two weeks -- through March 18 -- while cutting $ 4 billion from current spending levels . The measure was approved in a 335-91 vote , with Republicans overwhelmingly backing it while Democrats were sharply divided . The Senate plans to vote on the measure on Wednesday . Senators and aides from both parties said they expected it to pass and proceed to President Barack Obama for his signature to prevent a government shutdown after Friday , when the current spending resolution expires at midnight . Also Tuesday , the Senate approved a measure that would halt paychecks for the president and Congress in the event of a government shutdown . It was unclear when the House would take up the measure . While the bill extending government funding for two weeks was expected to clear the Republican-controlled House , some Democrats have indicated a preference for a month-long extension while legislators negotiate a more comprehensive spending plan for the rest of the fiscal year , which ends on September 30 . The White House has voiced concern that the passage of a series of short-term funding bills could create a climate of uncertainty and hamper prospects for a stronger economic recovery . President Barack Obama called House Speaker John Boehner before Tuesday 's vote to discuss the measure , according to White House Press Secretary Jay Carney . Carney indicated the administration would be willing to back a package cutting up to $ 8 billion from current spending levels over a period lasting up to five weeks . The cuts , he told reporters , would be credited toward further decreases in a future comprehensive spending plan covering the remainder of the fiscal year . Boehner , an Ohio Republican , brushed aside questions about a longer extension , telling reporters that Democrats should have approached him earlier about that possibility . "  I think we 're taking the responsible path forward , " Boehner said . "  The American people want us to get our fiscal house in order , and this is a step in the right direction . " The last Democratic Congress went on a "  spending spree , " declared Kentucky Representative Harold Rogers , the Republican chairman of the House Appropriations Committee . Now "  we 're trying to slow down and stop " it . Democrats have repeatedly argued Republicans are exacerbating the budget crunch by refusing to allow an expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans . Congress should use the two weeks provided by the bill for a "  reality check , " said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . "  I just want to know where everyone was when the deficit grew in the eight years of the Bush administration . " Even if the two-week funding measure passes Congress and is signed into law , the White House and congressional Republicans will remain in a bitter standoff over how best to fund the government for the rest of the current fiscal year . The House recently passed a measure that would cut $ 61 billion in funding for the rest of the year , largely by imposing cuts in domestic discretionary spending that Democrats insist are too severe , and Obama has threatened to veto it . At the same time , some conservative Republicans have pushed for a larger package of cuts totalling $ 100 billion from current spending levels . Democrats have highlighted a report from Moody 's chief economist Mark Zandi , which concludes that the proposed GOP cuts would result in the loss of 700,000 jobs by the end of next year . Republicans , in turn , are trumpeting a new General Accounting Office report showing that billions of additional dollars could be saved by eliminating needless program duplication and overlap . Obama told a group of governors at the White House on Monday that he is "  committed to funding only those things that work . " But the domestic discretionary spending being targeted by the Republicans , he noted , accounts for only 12 % of the entire budget . New spending is required on priorities such as infrastructure modernization , he said . The country "  ca n't afford to kick the can down the road any longer " on festering fiscal problems relating to entitlement programs such as Medicare and Medicaid , the president warned . Neither party has put forward a detailed proposal dealing with exploding entitlement costs . Jim Kessler , vice president for policy and a co-founder of Third Way , a centrist Democratic think tank , told CNN he expects "  there will be a greater level of cooperation than expected and a major deficit reduction plan involving entitlement spending sometime this year . " By contrast , longtime political observer Norman Ornstein thinks there could be one or two short shutdowns this year . "  You get two weeks by going for $ 4 billion in  easy  cuts . What do you go for now ? " said Ornstein . Ornstein , a resident scholar at the conservative American Enterprise Institute , predicted it would be hard for Senate Democrats and House Republicans to agree on specific cuts anywhere near the magnitude of what the GOP wants . Any compromise , he noted , will be a hard sell for the 87 freshman conservatives in the House who would see a deal as a far cry from what they believe they were elected to do last November . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Jeanne Sahadi , Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report	NEW : The Senate passes a bill to halt pay for the president and Congress in a shutdown The House passes a spending bill to prevent a government shutdown through March 18 The bill cuts spending by $ 4 billion President Barack Obama calls Speaker John Boehner to discuss the spending bill
CNN  -- With his baby boy dangerously ill and several hours ' flight away , Peter Hanson was not in the best frame of mind to be playing a golf tournament . Should he go back to the U.S. or stay in Europe and take the risk of further complications for one-year-old Tim , who was being treated for a respiratory virus at the Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children in Orlando , Florida ? Assured by his wife that there was nothing he could do to help , the Swede remained in the Netherlands and pulled off an emotional victory with a sensational shot at the final hole of the KLM Open on Sunday . "  When he was put into hospital on Friday , I was panicking . He was not good for 12 to 14 hours there and as a parent that makes you feel very vulnerable , " the 34-year-old told the European Tour website . "  I just wanted to go back home and look after the family , but my wife convinced me to stay . They were in good hands ; there was nothing I could do and she was telling me that , but when your kids get sick you do n't think straight . " However , he held it together enough to sink a huge eagle putt on the final hole to win his fifth European Tour title by two shots from Spain 's Pablo Larrazabal and Scotland 's Richie Ramsay at the Hilversumsche course . "  It 's always a nice feeling , but especially this week with how things have been with my son being a little bit ill , " said Hanson , who will play for Europe against the U.S. at the Ryder Cup this month . "  He has managed to get over that and he 's getting better and better , which is the most important thing . " Hanson , who also has membership of the PGA Tour this season , had looked like missing out when , trailing Larrazabal by one shot , he drove into the trees at the 16th hole . "  I had a little gap between the two trees and I needed to hit it through that with a bit of draw . Sometimes you have to take a chance and a risk and luckily it was my day , " said Hanson , who pocketed the $ 380,000 first prize to be eighth in the Race To Dubai standings . "  When we get a chance to lift these trophies , something just clicks in your head . I was just trying to stay focused . "  This was needed . It 's been a bit of a slow summer for me , so this came at a perfect time to get confidence back and feel ready for the Ryder Cup . " Ramsay birdied three of the last four holes to match Hanson 's final-round score of 67 , but was just short of repeating his victory at last week 's European Masters in Switzerland . "  On the last hole I was thinking I could hole my eagle putt and have a little run around the green but he got in first , " he said after taking home $ 200,000 to go 17th in the money list with almost $ 1.2 million this season . "  It did n't happen for me this week but I 'm proud that I gave it a go . The last three weeks have been great . Sixth , a victory and second . It 's nice to see hard work paying off . "	Peter Hanson wins European Tour event despite concerns about the health of his son The one-year-old was being treated in a Florida hospital for a potentially dangerous virus Hanson holes a long eagle putt at the final hole to win Dutch event by two shots It was the Ryder Cup player 's first victory this year and his fifth on the European Tour
OPRAH.com  -- For more than 20 years , actress Christina Applegate has kept audiences laughing . "  It does n't feel the same , and it 's hard to carry your purse , " Christina Applegate says . "  I cry at least once a day . " During her teenage years , she lit up the small screen as Kelly Bundy on the hit sitcom "  Married with Children . " After 11 hilarious seasons , Christina 's career branched out to the big screen and Broadway . In 2007 , Christina landed the starring role on "  Samantha Who ? " an acclaimed comedy series . After receiving Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for her performance , it seemed that nothing could stop Christina 's triumphant return to TV . Then , in April 2008 , shocking news silenced the laughter . At 36 years old , Christina was diagnosed with breast cancer . At first , Christina says she lived quietly with the disease . "  It 's hard to live quietly , " she says . "  I went through five weeks of work without telling anyone that this was going on in my life . " Now , Christina is going public with her personal battle to raise awareness among young women who may not think they 're at risk . As the daughter of a breast cancer survivor , Christina says she 's been vigilant about getting regular mammograms since she was 30 years old . In 2007 , doctors recommended extra precautions . "  My doctor said that the mammograms were n't enough for me because of the denseness of my breasts , " she says . "  He suggested that I get an MRI . " Christina went in for her first MRI screening , which produced disturbing results . "  They found some funky things going on -LSB- in one breast -RSB- , " she says . Doctors told her they needed to perform a biopsy . Then , the excruciating waiting game began . Christina continued to work and promote her sitcom , but the impending results were never far from her mind . A week later she says she got the phone call every woman dreads . " -LSB- The doctor said -RSB- , ` It came back positive , ' " she says . "  Right now I 'm sitting here shaking remembering that moment . " Doctors explained that the cancer was only in her left breast , and thankfully , they caught it at an early stage . Christina says she held back her tears and immediately went into survival mode . The day after her diagnosis , Christina says she went in to see an oncologist and a surgeon . "  I 'm a Sagittarius , " she says . "  We need things done now . So , for me , I had to get in now , and I wanted to have my surgery now . " Within a week , Christina had her first lumpectomy . Doctors also did a biopsy of her lymph nodes to make sure the cancer had n't spread . Since the cancer was caught early on , Christina was told she 'd need six weeks of radiation instead of chemotherapy . Then , she received more life-changing news . A test for the BRCA gene -- also known as the "  breast cancer gene " -- came back positive . Oprah.com : Should you get tested for the gene ? "  That sort of changed everything for me , " she says . "  Radiation was something temporary , and it was n't addressing the issue of this coming back or the chance of it coming back in my left breast . I sort of had to kind of weigh all my options at that point . " Christina was given two options ... go forward with the radiation treatments and continue testing for the rest of her life or have both breasts removed . Christina made the dramatic decision to have a bilateral mastectomy . "  It came on really fast . It was one of those things that I woke up and it felt so right , " she says . "  It just seemed like , ' I do n't want to have to deal with this again . I do n't want to keep putting that stuff in my body . I just want to be done with this . ' & I was just going to let them go . " Before she went in for her surgery , Christina says she staged her first -- and last -- nude photo shoot . "  I made sure that I have close-up photographs of them from every angle so I can kind of remember them , " she says . Christina 's tears finally spilled over the day she met her surgeon . "  I met with my doctor , and I told him that was my decision , " she says . "  He brought the surgeon in , and it was like it was the floodgates just opened up and I lost it . " Oprah.com : Going through a double mastectomy surgery In July 2008 , Christina went through with the surgery , which has left physical and emotional scars . "  It can be very painful , " she says . "  It 's also a part of you that 's gone , so you go through a grieving process and a mourning process . " Before she went under the knife , Christina says the only mastectomy she 'd ever seen was the one her mother received . " -LSB- Her surgery -RSB- was in the '70s , and they did n't do a very good job back then , " she says . "  So in my own mind I 'm thinking , ` My God , I 'm going to be butchered , and it 's going to be horrible . I 'm never going to love that part of me again . ' & But I did a lot of research , and they can make some pretty boobies . " Currently , Christina says she has saline expanders in her body , which will make way for the new implants . Though she 's proud of her proactive decision , she says she 's reminded of her loss every day . "  It does n't feel the same , and it 's hard to carry your purse , " she says . "  I cry at least once a day about it because it 's hard to overlook it when you 're standing there in the mirror . When you look down , it 's the first thing you see ... So you 're reminded constantly of this thing -- this cancer thing that you had . " On the bright side , Christina says she wo n't have to wear a bra ever again . She also feels victorious in the fight against breast cancer . "  I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life , " she says . "  For that , I 'm really grateful . " Days after her diagnosis , Christina says she reached out to family and friends , including Melissa Etheridge , a Grammy winner and breast cancer survivor . Melissa shared the lessons she learned during the fight for her own life . "  The first thing she said to me is : ` Christina , this is a blessing that 's happened to you in your life . Right now , you get to start over , and right now you get to change everything -- the way that you deal with things in life , the way that you react to things . Fear can hurt you . Stress can hurt you . This is the time that you have this opportunity to change the way you eat ... everything you do , ' " Christina says . Christina now looks at her health scare as a blessing . "  I am a 36-year-old person with breast cancer , and not many people know that that happens to women my age or women in their 20s , " she says . "  This is my opportunity now to go out and fight as hard as I can for early detection . " As she 's learned , early detection may not come from a mammogram . Christina says she will fight for women to have access to MRIs and genetic testing , which many insurance companies wo n't pay for . Christina says her health scare has shifted her priorities completely . " -LSB- There 's -RSB- this need and this desire to make every single day count , " she says . "  I used to say ... ` Do n't sweat the small stuff -- not even the big stuff . ' At the end of the day , none of it matters but your own joy , your own spiritual journey that you go on , God , your loved ones , your friends , your animals . These are the things you 've got to cherish and love and embrace . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " "  Christina Applegate : Why She Had a Double Mastectomy " © 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Christina Applegate opens up about her decision to remove both breasts Applegate stars in comedy series "  Samantha Who ? " Actress ' test results for BRCA gene -- "  breast cancer gene " -- were positive "  I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life , " she says
London  CNN  -- A funeral took place in London Friday for Mark Duggan , the father of four whose death after his cab was stopped by armed police led to protests that expanded into four days of rioting . A horse-drawn cortege processed through the streets from his parents ' home in the north London neighborhood of Tottenham to the church in nearby Wood Green where the ceremony was held , with many mourners on hand . Duggan , 29 , died on August 4 from a gunshot to the chest after a police unit that deals with gun crime stopped the cab that was carrying him . The Independent Police Complaints Commission  IPCC  is still investigating the circumstances around his death and said Thursday that it "  is far from reaching any conclusions . " A peaceful protest in Tottenham two days after his death turned violent and rioting spread to other parts of London and other English cities over the following days . Michael Jarrett , 47 , from Tottenham was among hundreds who turned out to pay their respects to Duggan and his family . In 1985 , Jarrett 's mother , Cynthia , died after four police officers searched her home in Tottenham 's Broadwater Farm housing project . Anger over her death sparked the Broadwater Farm riots , in which a policeman died . The area 's reputation was tainted for years . Speaking outside the church where Duggan 's funeral was held , Jarrett told CNN little had changed in the decades since then . "  The ethnic minorities are still being mistreated , " he said . "  I do n't think a lot changed , the mood in the area is one of regret and sorrow . But there is still a lot of mistrust where the police are concerned . " He said politicians who blamed people who "  just want to loot , steal and riot " for the unrest that broke out last month need to look at the underlying problems behind such behavior . "  I actually condemn the looting and the burning of buildings , " he said , "  but I understand the situation behind and the frustration and anger behind it . That I do understand . Fully . " Yvonne Collail , 47 , from Tottenham told CNN she was concerned that the recent trouble in Tottenham had made everyone less safe and meant the police would have to carry guns , which is unusual in Britain . London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement beforehand that a senior officer had "  met with the parents and family of Mark Duggan and discussed the policing arrangements " for the funeral . "  In line with the family 's wishes , the policing will reflect the family 's desire for a local , peaceful and dignified funeral , " the statement said . Questions remain unanswered about the circumstances of Duggan 's death . Prime Minister David Cameron said last month that Duggan had been shot by police but the IPCC has yet to reach a formal conclusion . In a letter to the Times of London published Thursday , the IPCC said the newspaper 's headline indicating that an officer had been cleared of shooting Duggan was incorrect and "  irresponsible . " The IPCC said it is continuing to follow numerous leads as it investigates Duggan 's death , including examining security camera footage , conducting forensic tests and talking to witnesses . The commission acknowledged that "  people want answers , " but urged them "  not to rush to judgment until they see and hear the evidence for themselves . " A Metropolitan Police statement Thursday said : "  The firearms officer involved in the shooting of Mark Duggan is not about to return to operational firearms duties . " Initial reports that Duggan shot at police were ruled out by ballistic tests , which found that a bullet that lodged in one officer 's radio was of a type issued to police . The IPCC also said there had been no exchange of fire . A handgun that was not police issue was found at the scene , the IPCC said , but there was no evidence it had been fired during the incident . CNN 's France Costrel and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds of mourners attend the funeral in north London NEW : The son of a woman whose death sparked a 1985 riot says people mistrust the police Duggan died after an incident involving armed police in north London A peaceful protest over his death two days later turned violent , sparking riots
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's weeklong trip to sub-Saharan Africa takes her to a continent hungry for economic growth and political accountability but still shackled by poverty and government corruption . The U.S. secretary of state will see the effects of that poverty close-up : -- In Tanzania , she 'll meet with women who are victims of gender-based violence . -- In Ethiopia , she 'll visit a hospital where women are suffering from fistula , their internal organs scarred . They 've been abandoned by their husbands and ostracized by their communities . She also will see initiatives designed to improve Africans ' lives , such as programs providing mothers and children with nutritional food for the critical 1,000-day period from the start of a woman 's pregnancy until her child 's second birthday . At her first stop Friday in Lusaka , Zambia , Clinton will speak to the 2011 U.S.-Sub-Saharan Africa Trade and Economic Cooperation Forum , the centerpiece of the United States government 's trade policy with sub-Saharan Africa . It gives trade preferences to countries of the region that meet criteria on economic , legal and human rights issues . Eligible countries can export nearly 6,500 products -- including apparel , automobiles , footwear and fruit -- duty-free to the U.S. . At the forum , government officials , business leaders and civil activists from African countries and the United States will discuss trade , business and investment opportunities in Africa . Clinton will meet with participants in the African Women 's Entrepreneurship Program , an outreach , education and engagement initiative that aims to give African women entrepreneurs the tools to fight for change in their communities . "  People in Africa are very hopeful , " says Melvin Ayogu , fellow at the Brookings Institution 's Africa Growth Initiative , but when they look at their governments "  they often see the politics of impoverishing people to stay in power . " In Zambia , Tanzania and Ethiopia , Clinton will meet with government officials , stressing U.S. goals of fostering good governance and protection of human rights . In strategically located Zambia , Clinton will meet with President Rupiah Bwezani Banda , but she also will confer with opposition presidential candidates Michael Sata and Hakainde Hichilema . In Tanzania , she heads for the State House and a meeting with President Jakaya Kikwete then flies to Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , for a speech to the African Union . One of her last events on her trip will highlight a priority issue for Clinton : cookstoves . As the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves notes , cooking is one of the most dangerous activities for a woman in many developing countries . Nearly three billion people use traditional cookstoves that burn wood and create smoke that causes almost 2 million premature deaths annually -- more than twice the number from malaria , according to the Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves . Breathing in toxic fumes , women and children develop pneumonia , emphysema , cataracts , lung cancer and other illnesses . At a Peace Corps building in Addis Ababa , Clinton will meet with local women who make money selling new , clean cookstoves . "  The next time you sit down with your own family to eat , please take a moment to imagine the smell of smoke , feel it in your lungs , see the soot building up on the walls , " Clinton said in September of 2010 . New , clean cookstoves , she said , can save millions of lives . "  The benefits from this initiative , " she said , "  will be cleaner and safer homes , and that will , in turn , ripple out for healthier families , stronger communities , and more stable societies . "	U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will visit Zambia , Tanzania , Ethiopia She 's expected to push human rights and discuss economic development One special project on weeklong trip : Safe cookstoves for African women
CNN  -- The United States is "  disappointed " by the expulsion by Qatar of Eman al-Obeidy to Libya , a decision that it said is a "  breach of humanitarian norms . " Al-Obeidy grabbed the world 's attention this spring when she accused Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's security forces of gang-raping her . "  We 've not spoken with Ms. al-Obeidy since she left Qatar , but we have been in contact with senior officials in the Transitional National Council in Benghazi , and we 've made clear U.S. interests in her case , " State Department spokesman Mark Toner said in reference to the rebel government in control of eastern Libya . "  I believe she is safe where she is at right now . " The U.S. criticism comes on the heels of reports that al-Obeidy was beaten in Qatar before being deported back to Libya . Nasha Dawaji , a U.S.-based Libyan pro-freedom activist , said she was with three key members of the Transitional National Council when they first learned that al-Obeidy was forced from Doha and arrived in Benghazi on Thursday . Al-Obeidy had a black eye , like she had been punched , Dawaji said . She also had bruises on her legs and scratches on her arms . The council members were upset upon seeing al-Obeidy 's condition and vowed to open an investigation , Dawaji said . Al-Obeidy had fled Libya following the alleged rape and was in Qatar awaiting resettlement as a refugee when she was deported early Thursday . In the hours leading to her deportation , armed guards had been posted outside her hotel room , preventing a representative from the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , UNHCR , from helping her , al-Obeidy told CNN . The U.N. agency had prepared papers for her departure from Qatar to begin a new life . Al-Obeidy said Qatari authorities then took her and her parents by force from the Kempinski Residences & Suites in the Qatari capital . She said she was beaten and handcuffed , then forced onto a military plane to Libya . She also said the Qataris had taken everything from her and her parents -- including cell phones , her laptop , and money . On Friday , she offered CNN more detail on what happened in Qatar . When confronted by the Qatari agents , the UNHCR said that al-Obeidy was protected under refugee status , she said . "  We do n't have an agreement with the U.N. , " the Qataris responded . She was beaten in the parking lot by a group of men and women , she said . Her father and sister were also hit , she said . Once at the airport , they were hit some more , she said . Amnesty International called al-Obeidy 's deportation "  outrageous , " saying the action taken by the Qatari government "  is a serious breach by Qatar of its international obligations . " "  Nothing can justify what the authorities of Qatar have done : They have compromised this woman 's safety notwithstanding the danger she clearly faces , " the New York-based human rights group said in a statement . An official at the Qatari Embassy in Washington asked CNN to e-mail questions about the deportation , but did not respond to them . The embassy in London also asked for written questions and CNN is waiting to hear back . CNN also placed numerous calls to various ministries in Qatar but could not reach anyone for comment . Friday is not a workday in the country . The hotel in Doha said it did not have anyone available for comment . Kempinski 's corporate office in Geneva , Switzerland , was unaware of the incident . An official there said the office may offer a response later . The UNHCR on Friday called the forced return a violation of international law . "  Ms. al-Obeidy has been recognized as a refugee by UNHCR . UNHCR was present at the hotel where Ms. al-Obeidy was staying in Qatar , ready to accompany her to the airport to travel to an emergency transit center in Romania . She was prevented from leaving for this flight in the early hours of Thursday morning , " UNHCR said . Al-Obeidy told a journalist that officials in the Transitional National Council had pressured the Qataris to expel her . But , according to Dawaji , she did not blame the rebel group for the beating itself . She told CNN that when she asked her attackers why they were beating her , they said that Mahmoud Shammam and Mahmoud Jibril , both leaders in the Libyan rebel movement , had sent the Qataris an "  urgent letter " saying that she had to be deported immediately . "  We tried all night to prevent her deportation , " said Vincent Cochetel of the UNHCR office in Washington . He said the Qatari authorities had informed UNHCR that they had a court order that al-Obeidy 's visa had expired ; and they ignored UNHCR 's arguments that she already had refugee status . UNHCR representatives have spoken with al-Obeidy since she and her family arrived in Benghazi , though the details of those conversations were not disclosed to CNN . Benghazi , in eastern Libya , is the hub of the rebel movement that is battling to oust Gadhafi , Libya 's longtime leader . "  Forcibly returning a refugee who survived gang rape not only violates international law , but is cruel and could trigger further trauma , " said Bill Frelick , refugee program director at Human Rights Watch . "  All eyes are now on the authorities in eastern Libya , who should allow al-Obeidy to leave the country . " Human Rights Watch called on the Transitional National Council to allow al-Obeidy to leave the rebel-controlled area of Libya immediately . The New York-based activist group added that a rebel group spokesman had told the group that she was free to travel domestically and abroad . Al-Obeidy said that the council has warned her not to do any more television interviews or it would hurt her chances of leaving Libya . Al-Obeidy received worldwide attention on March 26 when she burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli and held against her will for two days while being beaten and raped by 15 men . She was forcibly taken out of the hotel by security forces in a scuffle that was captured by television cameras . She was not heard from again for more than a week as Gadhafi 's representatives said they were investigating her claim . Then on April 4 , she spoke to CNN 's Anderson Cooper by phone about the alleged rapes . "  They had my hands tied behind me and they had my legs tied and they would hit me while I was tied and bite me in my body . And they would pour alcohol in my eyes so that I would not be able to see and they would sodomize me with their rifles and they would not let us go to the bathroom . We were not allowed to eat or drink , " she said , speaking through a translator . "  One man would leave and another would enter . He would finish and then another man would come in , " al-Obeidy said . She later fled Libya to Tunisia with the help of two defecting Gadhafi army officers and their families . French diplomats drove her from the border and handed her off to rebel officials -- members of the Transitional National Council -- who organized her flight to Qatar . After arriving in Qatar , al-Obeidy made public statements saying the Transitional National Council was using her . The council denied that , but her presence in Qatar appears to have become an embarrassment to the organization . Qatar 's government is allied with the rebels . CNN 's Khalil Abdallah and Tim Lister and Journalist Sherif Elhelwa contributed to this report .	NEW : Al-Obeidy says she is warned from doing TV interviews NEW : Amnesty International condemns her deportation CNN places numerous calls to various ministries for response without success A witness says Eman al-Obeidy had a black eye , bruises and scratches
CNN  -- When a marriage ends up in court it usually means the end -- but for Todd Rogers it was just the beginning . For an Olympic gold medalist and a former world champion , looking for the perfect partner on the beach volleyball court is what life is all about . The 39-year-old was a single man following the breakdown of his seven-year partnership with Phil Dalhausser -- a relationship which had catapulted both men to the very top . Now he 's bouncing back after offering his own version of marriage guidance . "  The only way I can equate it to your average fan is that it 's actually similar to a marriage , " Rogers told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  The top teams literally get together , they call each other ` Hey , would you like to play ? ' and that 's kind of like the first date . "  You ask them on a first date . Then you 're meeting and going down to the beach and practicing and every one of those is like a date and a second date and third date . "  When you get to nine or 10 dates , then you say , ` OK , looks pretty good . I like what I 'm seeing . ' "  Then you move forward and the season comes along near the summer and every time you go out there you have the stuff that you would literally have in a marriage . " Baseball beginnings Rogers was a volleyball divorcee when he met current partner Ryan Doherty -- a man 11 years his junior and without any real experience at the top level . His successful partnership with Dalhausser had come to its natural end but a new adventure was waiting just around the corner in the shape of Doherty . At seven feet tall , Doherty is not far off the height of the net , which stands at eight feet , giving him a major weapon over his rivals . For Doherty , volleyball has given him another chance of a sporting career after his original dreams of playing major league baseball ended in failure . A minor league player for a team affiliated with the Arizona Diamondbacks organization for three years , Doherty had hoped to become a professional only to be released from his contract . Struggling for work and suffering under the collapse of his baseball career , Doherty traveled to North Carolina to visit a friend , who would go on to introduce him to beach volleyball . "  He was living really close to the beach and we found a beach volleyball court and decided ` Oh , we should try this , we should try to learn ' and I just fell in love , " he said . "  I played every day and I got beat by high school girls when I was like 25-years-old and it was really embarrassing but still it was a great time and I loved it . "  So after I finished my degree I decided to move out to California and see if I could play this game every day . " New dream It proved an inspired decision as Doherty went from strength to strength before pairing up with Rogers -- a move which he believes has given him another crack at becoming a top sportsmen . "  I would consider myself one of the luckiest guys you can imagine being able to play one sport professionally , two is pretty jaw dropping for me , " Doherty added . "  I really lucked out . I do n't know what I did in a previous life but I want to thank that guy . Playing professional baseball was my dream . It was my whole life . "  I wanted to do that and when it was over I was really depressed . I was really bummed because I loved that lifestyle . "  Then I was lucky enough to just fall into a lifestyle that 's every bit as fun , challenging and motivating as being a professional baseball player . " So when Rogers and Dalhausser parted ways at the end of 2012 following a seven year partnership , Doherty saw his chance . It was Rogers who got in contact with Doherty after seeing a raw and talented player impress while competing alongside fellow professional Casey Patterson . Professional partnership Rogers had already faced Patterson and Doherty on two occasions and once his relationship with Dalhausser looked set to end , the experienced Olympian made the call . "  Playing with Todd has been pretty much a dream come true for me , " said Doherty . "  I watched every match he 's played online well before I was a professional when I first found the sport . One of the most motivating things I 've ever seen was Todd and his former partner winning the gold medal in the 2008 Olympics . "  It was amazing to me . I was rooting and cheering and screaming at my TV and I also know that the nickname ` Professor ' is very well deserved . "  He has a really good understanding of how things work and why they happen the way they do , so just as a new guy who 's trying to learn and trying to get better at the sport , I could n't have lucked into anything better . "  This has been a really great experience for me so far . " Rogers is also enjoying his new "  marriage " and even jokes about Doherty being his "  wife . " But while the two like to jest off the court , on it , they remain very much focused with Rogers determined to help his partner become one of the most exciting talents on the circuit . "  Ryan 's very tall , he 's very raw in the game but he has a tremendous amount of potential , " said Rogers . "  But really the number one thing to me is that he 's a good guy that I enjoy hanging out with and chatting with . "  You 're on the court for 10 to 15 hours a week with someone but you 're hanging out with them for 100 hours , maybe even more if you consider sleeping in the same room the whole time . If you 're not getting along off the court I think it 's real tough . " Olympic glory While the prospect of the pair competing at Rio in 2016 is a slim one , Rogers is not giving up on making it to Brazil just yet . He remains supremely fit and agile and with Doherty at his side , anything is possible . "  The highlight was winning the Olympic gold medal in Beijing , " he said . "  I do n't think you can get any better than that although there are some other ones that are high on my list like winning in my home town for the first time in Santa Barbara , California . "  Then there was winning the World Championships in Switzerland in 2007 but the Olympics is once every four years . "  There 's only been five Olympics for beach volleyball and to be part of that elite group which can claim a victory at it , the greatest sporting event in the world really , is a really cool honor for me . "  Ryan is only 29 so I definitely would hope that he 's be going to Rio , if I 'm his partner and it works out that way -- great . "  Right now I tend to think more of a year at a time and if Rio happens for me great , but if nothing else I can watch Ryan playing in Rio and hopefully in 2020 as well . "	Todd Rogers and Ryan Doherty are U.S. beach volleyball stars Rogers has won Olympic gold and a World Championship Doherty is former baseball player who has taken up beach volleyball The pair could compete at the 2016 Olympics in Rio
CNN  -- Chilean voters cast ballots in a presidential election on Sunday , but no candidate secured enough votes to declare victory . The South American country is set to hold a runoff election December 15 . Socialist Michelle Bachelet , who was Chile 's president from 2006 to 2010 , will face off against Evelyn Matthei of the conservative Independent Democratic Union party . Chile 's constitution requires a candidate to garner more than 50 % of votes to win the presidential election . Bachelet had won 46.8 % of votes with more than 92 % of votes counted , elections officials said Sunday night . Matthei had garnered 25.1 % of votes . READ MORE : Can Bachelet lead Chile to change ? CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Socialist Michelle Bachelet won a majority of votes , but not enough to win The South American country will hold a runoff election on December 15 Bachelet was Chile 's president from 2006 to 2010
Think the only world-class Caribbean carnival takes place in Trinidad and Tobago ? Not even close . Barbados ' vibrant Crop Over summer festival , which once marked the end of the sugar crop harvest and a celebration for slaves , has evolved into the greatest representation of the island 's saucy spirit . This year 's party wrapped on August 4 , with the usual smash of color , costumes , music , food and unique history from one of the Carib 's easternmost islands . Crop Over events range from historic remembrances such as the Ceremonial Delivery of the Last Canes , where plantation-era traditions are on display , to Foreday Morning , in which participants slather each other in mud , paint and powder , to Grand Kadooment , in which revelers wine the day away in scanty costumes of feathers and beads , grooving to soca music . As the photo gallery above shows , the 21-mile-long island of Barbados may be small in size , but its unique spin on carnival is proof of its fervor .	The Caribbean 's hot summertime festival may have just wrapped , but we 're still reveling in the color burst Barbados ' vibrant Crop Over festival ended August 4 The festival has evolved from a harvest celebration to the greatest representation of the island
CARDIFF , Wales -- Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died of a suspected heart attack aged 56 , the Welsh Rugby Union  WRU  has announced . Gravell won 23 caps for Wales and played on the Lions tour of South Africa in 1980 . Gravell had been on holiday with his family in the Spanish Mediterranean island of Mallorca at the time . A WRU statement praised Gravell as being "  a man who epitomized the passion , flair and dignity of his beloved Welsh nation . " Gravell made his debut for Wales against France in 1975 , three years after helping his club side Llanelli to their famous win over the touring All Blacks . In all he made 23 appearances for what was then a dominant Wales side , winning Grand Slams in 1976 and 1978 , and played all four Tests on the Lions ' tour of South Africa in 1980 . After retiring as a player in 1985 , Gravell became president of Llanelli RFC and the Llanelli Scarlets . He also pursued a career as an actor and a respected rugby broadcaster . Earlier this year , Gravell had his right leg amputated below the knee following complications linked with his diabetes but he had been recovering well . WRU chief executive Roger Lewis said : "  We are all in total shock because Ray was so full of life even through the difficult health problems he suffered recently . "  He was a wonderful ambassador for rugby and for Wales and a great example of how the game can bring out the best in a man . "  As a player , he always gave a huge amount of respect to his opponents but never gave an inch of ground to anyone he faced on the field of play . "  It is a measure of the man that he forged rugby friendships which lasted long after his playing days up until the present day . " E-mail to a friend	Former Wales and British Lions center Ray Gravell has died aged 56 He was on holiday with his family in Mallorca After retiring he worked as an actor and broadcaster
CNN  -- The presidential face off on foreign policy between President Barack Obama and his Republican rival Mitt Romney was geared to sway U.S. voters , but at points on the globe that the candidates argued over -- from Libya to Pakistan to China -- netizens , analysts and activists tuned in and weighed in . China After weeks of tough talk about China , the candidates made little mention of the growing superpower . Netizens in China did not seem to take sides but instead used the debate to banter about the relationship with the United States . "  Whoever the winner , they are still all scoundrels and will not benefit China in any way , " a tweet by @SiShiSiNianDeSi read on China 's Weibo social network . Five things we learned from the final debate "  China only factors into a small part of the debate . From these bits and pieces , any conclusions you draw is like that of a blind man feeling out an elephant , " said another post by @YouYiSuiYi . China 's state news agency used the occasion to admonish whomever may become president to "  tone down his get-tough-on-China rhetoric made along the campaign trail " and deal realistically with "  China 's inevitable rise . " Which candidate is elected seemed only to make a slight difference to China to analyst Wang Feng , director of the Brookings-Tsinghua Center in Beijing . "  Yes and no , " he said , when asked if there were significant differences in the candidates ' stances as concerns China . "  Both candidates , they made it clear that they want to treat China as a partner and that they want China to play by the rules , " Wang said . But Romney 's negative rhetoric stuck out , particularly that "  he 'll designate China as a currency manipulator , " Wang said . CNN Fact Check : Obama ccuses Romney of criticiaing his handling of China tire case He found Romney 's idea that China could not enter into a trade war with the United States as a reaction to tough measures from Washington because of the already existing trade imbalance "  a very simple calculation . " "  The decisions to be made in Beijing here will not only be based on the trade volumes but on domestic political concerns , " he said . But Wang advised that keeping up pressure on China about trade issues has been effective , particularly in the area of copyright . "  People start to use copyrighted materials , and people started to pay more and more respect to intellectual property , " he said . Calls by the U.S. and international agencies to do so have "  certainly played a role . " Obama wins final debate , but does it matter ? Afghanistan and Pakistan In Pakistan , Romney 's comments on the country 's nuclear weapons program raised some ire . "  Pakistan and the U.S. have an old friendship , and it 's disappointing to hear that Mitt Romney brought this relationship down to one that is purely based on Pakistan being a country with 100 nuclear warheads and counting , " said Naveed Chaudhry , an aide to President Asif Ali Zardari . Chaudhry said he wishes the United States would recognize what Pakistan has done for the war on terror . Raza Rumi , director of the the think tank the Jinnah Institute , said it does not much matter who is president . CNN Fact Check : Romney , Obama and Iraq "  Both candidates made reference to drone strikes and said they would continue , " he said . "  Pakistani public opinion is really swelling against the drone strikes . " Rumi was also disappointed there was no mention of a long-term strategy towards Afghanistan and Pakistan . "  I can understand at the moment the American public wants the government to exit from Afghanistan , but surely there should be a strategy for that , because we have suffered once in the 1990s with that void , when Afghanistan was left  by the Soviets  . " Tweets out of Kabul , Afghanistan , indicated that viewers there felt left out of the debate . "  So who won the debate today ? I know who lost . Afghans . Little mention of war , except for w/drawal . Differences not so different from e/o , " tweeted someone who went by the name Subel . Another tweeter , Musa Mahmodi , wrote : "  Watched the US presidential debate , nothing new on Afghanistan , they both do not seem understand this country . " Libya The port city of eastern Benghazi wants four more years Obama , one blogger said , who stayed up until 4:30 a.m. local time to watch the Monday night debate . Although the candidates did not slug it out over the deadly September attack on the U.S. embassy in the city , Ruwida Ashour felt Romney disregarded the progress in her country . Ashour already stood behind Obama , and nothing his challenger said changed her mind . CNN Fact Check : Comparing costs of Iraq , Libya missions She believes Obama has brought more stability to the Middle East . "  I 'm just not sure what Romney will do . " "  He said Libya is just six million people , and we have to take care of Egypt , " which is much larger , she complained . As concerns Egypt , she said Romney misjudged the election victories by the Islamic party , the Muslim Brotherhood , as being a bad thing . "  It was the people 's choice , " Ashour said . She also found Romney 's plans to stop terror attacks "  unrealistic , " saying that the issue was too complex to solve comprehensively . Israel and Iran Both candidates pledged to stand by Israel in the event of an attack by Iran . Between the two of them , Obama and Romney mentioned Iran 47 times . In one of the debate 's notable zings , Romney pointed out that Obama did not visit Israel as president and left it out on a trip through the region . CNN Fact Check : Is al Qaeda 's core decimated or is group growing ? This got noticed in Israel , said CNN 's Sara Sidner . There is some tension between Obama and Israeli Pesident Benjamin Netanyahu over how to handle Iran . But the two nations over the weekend kicked off a large military exercise , reiterating America 's unbending support for the Jewish state . Policy towards Israel in the past has not changed much from one president to the next , Sidner said . There has not been much public reaction to the debate , which occurred in the middle of the night Israeli time . The Iranian press has reported on the debate , but so far has not come out with criticism towards anything the candidates said . Read a transcript of the debate CNN 's Jonathan Mann and journalist Saima Mohsin contributed to this report .	Netizens and analysts around the world weigh in on the debate Libyans seem thankful to Obama for what they have China wants respect as an economic power Pakistanis and Afghans feel their concerns were not addressed
CNN  -- A massive manhunt that spanned 1,000 miles ended in gunfire in the Idaho wild late Saturday afternoon -- shots that ended the life of the family friend who was suspected of abducting 16-year-old Hannah Anderson and killing her mother and brother . The teenager was rescued near Morehead Lake , Idaho , where an FBI tactical agent killed her alleged kidnapper , James DiMaggio , around 5:20 p.m  7:20 p.m. ET  , authorities said . "  It 's now healing time , " Brett Anderson , Hannah 's father , said in a message to CNN . Hannah Anderson had last been seen in San Diego County , California , at her cheerleading practice August 3 . The bodies of her mother , Christina Anderson , and 8-year-old brother , Ethan , were found the next day about 45 miles east in DiMaggio 's Boulevard house ; lab tests were needed to identify the boy because his remains were so badly charred . That horror spurred a manhunt , which turned to central Idaho after a telling tip from a horseback rider and the discovery of DiMaggio 's blue Nissan Versa in the Frank Church-River of No Return Wilderness , about 15 miles outside Cascade , Idaho . By Saturday morning , there were more than 250 law enforcement agents on site scouring 300 square miles of rough terrain . By late Saturday afternoon , they 'd accomplished their first mission : finding DiMaggio and his alleged captive . The pair 's campsite was first spotted from the air , then law enforcement personnel moved in on the ground , said San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore . He said that there had been a "  confrontation , " though authorities speaking a short time later in Idaho declined to say whether there had been a shootout . However the scene unfolded , it ended with an FBI tactical agent fatally shooting the suspected murderer and kidnapper . "  Obviously we would have liked for Mr. DiMaggio to surrender and face justice in the court of law , " Gore said . "  But that 's not going to be the case . " Saga starts in California , ends in Idaho The suspect 's car was found after a man on horseback reported he had a brief conversation with two campers in the Idaho wilderness on Wednesday . The horseback rider was not aware of the manhunt at the time , but he called the Amber Alert tip line after he saw a news account that night and realized the pair matched the description of DiMaggio and Hannah Anderson , according to Ada County , Idaho , sheriff 's office spokeswoman Andrea Dearden . Why more Amber alerts will be waking you up The rider 's impression was that the pair "  seemed odd , " though he was n't alarmed , she said . "  They did speak and exchange pleasantries . I do n't think there was a lot of information exchanged , " Dearden said . "  He left the conversation believing they were camping in the area . " The rider said the man and girl were on foot , hiking with camping gear , Dearden said . DiMaggio 's car was found unoccupied Friday -- hidden by brush and its license plate removed -- spurring authorities to intensify their search in that area even further . This massive effort included law enforcement personnel from a host of federal , state and local agencies , with Dearden saying they 'd "  use every single resource possible . " Still , despite the numbers , they faced a daunting task given the expansive , rugged nature of the area . Ultimately , DiMaggio was spotted and killed not far from where he left his car , according to Dearden . His alleged captive did n't appear to have suffered significant physical injuries , though she was nonetheless helicoptered from the scene to a hospital , the sheriff 's spokeswoman said . "  Hannah is safe , and that was our first priority from the very beginning , " Valley County , Idaho , Sheriff Patti Bolen said . She should be reunited Sunday morning with her father in Idaho , according to Gore . In his text to CNN , Brett Anderson admitted to feeling a range of emotions upon hearing of his daughter 's rescue soon after his wife and son 's death . "  I am nervous excited saddened 4 my wife and son and worried what my daughter has been through , " he wrote . Father of missing teen pleads for daughter 's release Witness : DiMaggio had crush A friend of Hannah Anderson on Saturday provided a clearer picture of the relationship between DiMaggio and the teen . Marissa Chavez told CNN that she was in a car with Hannah and DiMaggio a few months ago when the 40-year-old told Hannah he had a crush on her . He followed it up by saying if he was her age , he would date Hannah , Chavez said . Hannah was unnerved by the comments , but did not tell her mother because she did not want to ruin the close relationship that her parents had with DiMaggio , Chavez said . After that , however , Hannah did not want to be alone with DiMaggio , Chavez said . In an earlier episode , Chavez recalled a trip that DiMaggio and Hannah took to Hollywood . The trip was supposed to be for one week , but Hannah told Chavez that they came back after two days because DiMaggio was upset that she was n't paying enough attention to him . "  I do n't think she would have gone willingly with him at all , " she said . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Alicia Eakin , Michael Martinez and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Hannah Anderson is rescued in the Idaho wilderness , authorities say That 's where an FBI tactical agent shot and killed her alleged abductor James DiMaggio The alleged captive 's mother , brother was found dead after a fire at DiMaggio 's California home The teen appeared to be OK when she was helicoptered out
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson fans will get their first peek at the behind-the-scenes documentary of the pop star 's final three months Sunday evening during the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards , MTV said . Michael Jackson died in June at the age of 50 , amid preparations for his This Is It tour . Janet Jackson "  will help open the entire show to honor Michael 's celebrated career , " the network said . No other details about her "  special appearance " were released . The debut of the trailer for "  Michael Jackson 's This Is It " will come about four weeks after concert promoter AEG Live handed over to Sony Pictures about 100 hours of video captured between April and June , when Jackson was preparing for his concert comeback . Fans who miss the MTV show , which will air live at 9 p.m. ET Sunday , can preview the documentary at www.thisisit-movie.com beginning Sunday night , the network said . The trailer makes its big screen debut September 18 with the Sony Pictures Animation release of "  Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs . " The Jackson documentary will run in theaters worldwide for just two weeks starting October 28 , Sony Pictures said . Tickets will go on sale September 27 . "  Audiences will be given a privileged and private look at the singer , dancer , filmmaker , architect and genius as he creates and perfects his final show , " Sony said . Kenny Ortega , who was working with Jackson to create the This Is It concert , is also directing the documentary . "  As we began assembling the footage for the motion picture , we realized we captured something extraordinary , unique and very special , " Ortega said . "  It 's a very private , exclusive look into a creative genius 's world . " Ortega said Jackson 's This Is It "  may go down as the greatest concert that no one got a chance to see , " as the pop singer died June 25 , three weeks before it was to debut in London , England 's O2 Arena . "  But with this film , we get a rare portrait of Michael as he prepares for his final curtain call and what I believe was going to be his master work . " Watch Jermaine Jackson talk about tributes to his brother " A Los Angeles Superior Court judge last month approved allowing the special administrators of Jackson 's estate to sign a contract with Sony and AEG Live to clear the way for the production . AEG Live also will conduct a three-city tour of a Michael Jackson memorabilia exhibition to coincide with the film 's release . The cities have not been named .	Star 's sister Janet will help open MTV awards show , in celebration of his life Fans can also preview documentary online Film will be shown worldwide for two weeks starting in October
CNN  -- Firefighters have stopped the northward advance of the second-largest wildfire in recorded Arizona history and are now focusing on its eastern flank , crossing the New Mexico border to build suppression lines meant to starve the flames into submission , authorities said Monday . Light winds after dark and an atmospheric inversion will hold smoke at the surface overnight going into Tuesday morning , authorities said . The Wallow Fire has burned 706 square miles , officials said Monday , up from 694 square miles the day before . The fire remains about 10 % contained . Calmer winds were helping firefighters get the upper hand on the fire , which has been burning since late May , said Jerome MacDonald , the operations chief for the Southwest Incident Management team . Efforts to return residents to Greer , part of which was burned in the fire , are under way , said Fire Chief Mark Wade . "  Greer is not as bad as a lot of people are making it sound , " he said . But he warned that there are dangerous obstacles that must be cleared and utilities to be restored before residents can be allowed back in . Residents were already moving back to the towns of Springerville , Eagar and South Fork after authorities lifted evacuation orders on Sunday . Authorities warned residents of the towns , about 170 miles east-northeast of Phoenix , that air quality could continue to be a problem , and food in refrigerators may have spoiled . But officials with both cities disputed a state suggestion that water supplies might be contaminated . "  Our water is pure , and it always has been , " said Springerville town manager Steve West . Vicki Walker of Eagar has made up her mind to return , according to her husband , Kelvin . She , her daughter and her grandson were leaving Phoenix for home Monday morning , Kelvin Walker said . "  She 's elated to be getting back this soon , " said Walker , who stayed behind while his family evacuated . The Wallow Fire is the second-largest recorded fire in state history , having burned across a land mass roughly equivalent to an area one and a half times the city of Phoenix . The 2002 Rodeo/Chediski fire , Arizona 's largest recorded wildfire , burned more than 731 square miles of eastern Arizona . Fire officials said Sunday that they had turned a corner in stopping the fire , which started as May 29 in the Apache National Forest , according to authorities . Walker said he remained in part to keep an eye on the family 's two-acre homestead . However , the main reason he did n't evacuate with his family was because his elderly aunt and uncle refused to budge , and he felt compelled to stay and look after them . "  It was really strange , " Walker said . "  If you chose to stay rather than evacuate , you had to sign a waiver and say you would not leave your property . " Walker did n't stay home . He ventured out into the ghost town , not to disobey but to help out , he said . He said he took training to become a runner for firefighters on the front lines . Among them is his 26-year-old son , Kyran , who is a seasonal firefighter for the U.S. Forest Service , Walker said . "  He was one of the first responders . He 's been working 12 to 16 to 18 hours a day since the fire started , " Walker said . "  I stayed home and fed him every night . I think he took  the fire  fairly personal . " So did Walker 's neighbors . Before evacuation , many left signs in the front yards in support of the firefighters . "  The signs said things like ` We love you . We appreciate you . Be safe ! ' " Walker said . On Sunday , according to CNN affiliate KNXV , a flashing sign posted on the road into Springerville read , "  We missed you . Welcome home . " Electricity has been restored to the towns of Nutrioso and part of Alpine , southeast of Greer . More than 100 law enforcement officers are working with the incident to ensure public and firefighter safety , as well as protect residents ' property during evacuations , authorities said Monday evening . CNN 's Phil Gast and journalist Craig Johnson contributed to this report .	NEW : Light winds Monday night keep smoke at bay But the fire has now burned 706 square miles Residents are returning to Springerville , Eagar Officials say the blaze is 10 % contained
CNN  -- Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper on Wednesday signed three gun-control measures into law , including one that will require universal background checks for gun sales . The measures also will make buyers pay for their own background checks and limit ammunition magazines to 15 rounds . The Colorado laws go into effect July 1 . What is a universal background check ? New York passed new gun-control legislation after the December killings at Newtown Elementary School , but it already had some of the stiffest gun laws in the country . Colorado , where firearms are almost as much a part of the landscape as the Rocky Mountains , is a different case . It 's long been a politically conservative state , voting Democratic just once in the 10 presidential elections that followed Lyndon Johnson 's 1964 landslide . But in recent years , its political center of gravity has tilted leftward : It went for Barack Obama in 2008 and 2012 , voted to legalize recreational marijuana last year , and state lawmakers this year voted to allow civil unions for same-sex couples . Then there 's also the bloody history of the past decade or so -- the mass shootings at Columbine High School in Littleton and a movie theater in Aurora , both Denver suburbs . Still , it took the December killings at Newtown "  to really wake up America 's conscience and realize that there were better solutions , " said Sandy Phillips , whose daughter , Jessica Ghawi , died at Aurora . Gun-rights advocates call the Colorado bills unenforceable , feel-good measures that are likely to backfire . Nick DeCarlo owns a 2,000-acre bird-hunting preserve in Wiggins , on the prairie northeast of Denver . He says his clients are unhappy with the new legislation , particularly language that limits shotguns to eight rounds . "  They 're upset to the point where it 's like they feel Colorado is being stereotyped as a gun-control state , " DeCarlo said . That 's going to keep businesses from moving to the state and hunters from visiting , he said . Already , he said , out-of-state customers are telling him they 've made their last visit . Richard Taylor , a manager at the Aurora gun store and range Firing Line , said the 15-round restrictions on rifle magazines are "  poorly worded " and are likely to affect owners of nearly every magazine . He said sheriffs consider the new legislation unenforceable , and the $ 10 limit on charging individual buyers for background checks is far below the $ 50 a store typically charges for handling a transfer . Phillips said the obstacles are small compared to the potential price . "  Let 's say it takes $ 10 and 10 minutes of your time , and it 's going to protect somebody from getting a gun that they should n't have , " she said . "  Ten dollars and 10 minutes is worth the time that it takes to save a life . " Colorado voted to make background checks for gun-show purchases mandatory after Columbine , when investigators learned that the weapons used by the teenage killers were bought by an 18-year-old at a gun show to avoid a background check . The buyer , Robyn Anderson , later told a state House of Representatives committee that the gun purchases had been "  too easy . " CNN 's Jennifer Feldman and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Governor signs gun-control bills in long-conservative Colorado Gun-rights advocates call the measures unenforceable feel-good measures
CNN  -- An Alabama teen was released on bail Monday , two days after his arrest for allegedly plotting to launch "  terrorist attacks " in his high school . Derek Shrout was in a Russell County court Monday , where District Judge David Johnson set his bond at $ 75,000 , prosecutor Buster Landreau said . According to CNN affiliates WRBL and WTVM , the teenager pleaded not guilty to attempted assault . The 17-year-old was arrested after a teacher at Russell County High School found a journal that "  contained several plans that looked like potential terrorist attacks , and attacks of violence and danger on the school , " Russell County Sheriff Heath Taylor said on Saturday . "  There were six students specifically named , and one teacher . " "  He had put a lot of thought into this , " the sheriff said . "  It was obvious to us that there was more than just writing a story in a journal and it being fictitious . " Shrout 's lawyer , Jeremy Armstrong , told reporters in court Monday that "  this was just a lot of talk from my client . " "  I believe he had no intentions ... to hurt anyone , " Armstrong said to several media outlets , including WRBL . This weekend , authorities showed reporters 25 tobacco tins and two larger ones , each with holes drilled in them and pellets inside similar to BBs . Taylor said experts that his investigators consulted determined that , with a few more elements , the tins "  would absolutely blow up exactly the way he wrote it . " "  These ... devices were a step or two away from being ready to explode , " the sheriff said . The suspect is a self-described white supremacist , though it is n't known if he was linked to any specific group , Taylor told the Southern Poverty Law Center , a civil rights group . "  At first through JROTC , he was confident , well-rounded . But as time went by , he was doing the whole white power thing , " David Kelly , the senior class president at Russell County High School , told WTVM . Shrout began writing in the journal shortly after last month 's massacre at a Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school that ended with 27 people , including the suspected shooter , dead . Taylor said that school shooting "  was potentially the spark that started him writing things down in a plan . " Opinion : How a boy becomes a killer But Shrout 's lawyer said he thinks his client 's case may "  have been blown a little out of proportion , in light of what happened in Newtown . " "  Of course , everybody in our nation is on edge , " Armstrong said . Under the conditions set Monday by the judge , Shrout must remain at home and will have an electric monitoring device , said Landreau . He can not contact anyone at his school . His next court hearing is scheduled for February 12 , according to Landreau . After shooting , cops take no-tolerance approach to copycat threats	Derek Shrout , 17 , is free after posting $ 75,000 bond set by an Alabama judge He was arrested Saturday after a teacher found a journal that contained alleged terror plots 6 students , 1 teacher were named as targets in his violent plot , a sheriff says Shrout 's lawyer says it was "  just a lot of talk , " claiming his client would n't hurt anyone
Washington  CNN  -- Two years after the terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi , Libya , many Republicans still have unanswered questions about security issues related to the incident . Many Democrats say that after dozens of hearings , briefings , probes and reports on the subject , this latest committee could amount to nothing more than a fishing expedition . One thing both parties agreed on at Wednesday 's first hearing of the latest inquiry - the new House Benghazi Select Committee - was that substantial security improvements by the State Department and an eye to the lessons of the past are necessary to prevent future American deaths . The September 11 , 2012 , attack left U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens , Sean Smith , Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods dead , and immediately sparked controversy , with Republicans accusing the Obama administration of mishandling the attack and manipulating the talking points used to discuss it for political reasons . Numerous investigations into the attack have been championed on the right by media organizations and by Republicans , including former presidential candidate Mitt Romney and House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Darrell Issa . The goal of this latest committee -- the House Benghazi Select Committee -- is to "  produce the final , definitive accounting on behalf of Congress of what happened before , during and after the terrorist attacks on our facilities in Benghazi , " according to committee Communications Director Jamal D. Ware . Wednesday 's hearing , titled "  Implementation of the Accountability Review Board  ARB  Recommendations " -- a topic the committee spokesman said was selected by Democrats -- was aimed at examining the steps being taken to implement a series of proposals to make sure high threat diplomatic posts get the security they need . Gregory Starr , Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security , Mark J. Sullivan , Former Director of the United States Secret Service and Todd Keil , former assistant secretary for infrastructure protection at the Department of Homeland Security testified before the committee . Related : Clinton supporters launch counter-attack on Benghazi claims "  Now is the time to clear the smoke , remove the mirrors . Now is the time for the Department of State to finally institutionalize some real , meaningful and progressive change , " Keil , also a member of the ARB 's Independent Panel on Best Practices , said in his opening remarks . "  They ca n't lose this moment . Words and cursory actions by the Department of State ring hollow absent transparency and verifiable and sustainable actions . " Past recommendations ignored ? Keil , Select Committee Chairman Rep. Trey Gowdy  R-SC  and other members said too often the recommendations made after a security failure have been ignored . Gowdy cited proposals presented after the Beirut embassy bombing in 1983 and the 1998 bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . "  It is stunning to see the similarities between the recommendations made decades ago and the recommendations made by the Benghazi ARB and , if you doubt that , I want you to compare the recommendations of those made 25 , a quarter of a century ago , 25 years ago , with the recommendations made by the Benghazi ARB , " Gowdy said . "  We do not suffer from a lack of recommendations . We do suffer from a lack of implementing and enacting those recommendations and that has to end . " Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings , the ranking Democrat on the committee who has accused Republicans of politicizing the Benghazi attack , said his goal was to focus on reform efforts and to learn from past tragedies . Cummings called the attack a "  transformational moment " -- a comment later echoed by Keil and Republican members . Related : War against ISIS - What does Rand Paul 's ` yes ' mean ? One high-energy exchange between Ohio Republican Jim Jordan and Keil focused one of the Best Practices Panel 's 40 recommendations that the State Department create a new post -- undersecretary for diplomatic security , to help make sure one designated official would be accountable for security . Keil said that was the panel 's top recommendation . "  In our executive summary we said one clear and overarching recommendation is crucial to the successful and sustainable implementation of all the recommendations in this report is the creation of an undersecretary , " Keil said . State has declined to implement that recommendation , even though it is similar to one made after the East Africa embassy bombings , Keil said . Jordan slammed the agency 's track record . "  What 's it going to take for the State Department to put in place the practices that will save American lives ? " he asked . "  They did n't follow their own standards that were developed in 1983 after the Beirut embassy bombing . They did n't follow the waiver policy to deviate from those standards and now they 're not following the Best Practices Panel 's number 1 recommendation . What 's it going to take ? " Starr said the department looked at the recommendation very seriously and decided what was most important was that he had direct access to the secretary . "  I am directly reportable to the secretary for security threat information and security threats against our people , " he said . Starr said a good deal of progress had been made in implementing other recommendations to mitigate the risk to US personnel in dangerous places . "  Like you , we want to keep our people safe , " said Starr in his opening testimony , but he also warned that "  While we can do everything we can to reduce the risk , we can never eliminate it fully . " Sullivan , who was also chairman of the Independent Panel on Best Practices , said better communication , planning and logistics and risk management might have helped prevent the deaths in Benghazi and said improvements were being made in each of those areas . Starr and Keil raised questions about whether U.S. personnel even need to be stationed in dangerous places and said there must be a risk-management process in place to answer that key question in each instance . "  We need to ask the question , why are we in the most dangerous places ? " Starr said . "  And the 30 places that we identified as the highest threat , highest risk , that 's exactly what we 're doing , going through every single one of those 30 and doing this vital presence validation process . The first step is , what is our national interest for being there ? "	A new Benghazi Select Committee got under way on Capitol Hill Two years after the terror attack , many Republicans still have questions Four Americans were killed at the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi
CNN  -- The Sudan government is targeting a border region with airstrikes -- forcing residents to live in caves and under the bushes to avoid the "  indiscriminate " bombardments , according to international rights groups . At least 26 people have died and dozens wounded in the airstrikes in the Nuba Mountain areas of South Kordofan state , rights groups said . The attacks started in June , and have forced more than 150,000 people to flee their homes , Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International said in a statement Tuesday . "  Displaced communities forced out of their homes by the repeated bombing live in harsh conditions in caves , on mountaintops , under trees , and in the bush far from towns . " Displaced families told researchers from the rights groups they were eating berries and leaves to survive , Amnesty said . The researchers , who were on the ground , witnessed some of the attacks , according to rights groups . "  Antonov aircraft dropped bombs over farmlands and villages on a near-daily basis while researchers were on the ground from August 14-21 , " Amnesty said . Aid groups , including the United Nations , have warned that the state is at risk of high levels of malnutrition and mortality because the government has restricted access to the area . The reports come a week after a U.S. satellite project said it has found evidence of additional mass graves in the state capital of Kadugli . That same week , Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir called for a unilateral cease-fire in the state . The Satellite Sentinel Project said it has evidence of a total of eight mass graves in the area since June , citing witness accounts and images of what it says are body bags . Al-Bashir rejected the findings of mass graves as propaganda from the west and called for a two-week , unilateral cease-fire in the state , saying the government would assess the situation after that period . Government officials were not immediately available for comment on the new report Wednesday . In the past , the government has said rebels are to blame for the violence in the region , and has been engaged in a fierce campaign to battle what it says are militia in the area . Nuba fighters helped South Sudan during the civil war with Sudan , which raged for decades and left millions dead . South Sudan became an independent nation in July . South Kordofan remains a territory of the Sudanese government in the north , but borders South Sudan .	Rights groups : At least 26 people have died in the airstrikes in the South Kordofan state Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has rejected the findings in the past Rights groups : The attacks started in June , and have forced more than 150,000 to flee their homes
Financial Times  -- A diet of drudgery in a takeaway might seem wholesome but it does open the eye to better things . One evening last week I was in the kitchen fixing myself a cup of tea when my son put his head around the door . I have hardly seen him since he left school last summer as he spends his days working in a sandwich shop and nights taking orders in a fast-food takeaway . How 's it going , I asked . Good , he replied . These jobs of yours , I said . Have they taught you anything interesting yet about or work , or life -- or anything ? Yeah , he said . They 've taught me I like getting paid . See also : What can CEOs can learn from football managers ? My question was prompted by a recent Harvard Business Review blog arguing that humble jobs teach young people more about work than any amount of poncing around as an unpaid intern in a film production company . The author , who is now a law school professor , was once a busboy and a cleaner -- jobs which he says taught him lessons that have come in handy ever since . Already I was seeing the sense in his general argument . My son 's first key takeaway from the takeaway restaurant was spot on : ● Getting paid really is nice . It is a pity most of us get so used to it that we forget to be pleased when payday comes around . So what else had it taught him ? He said he 'd think about it and tell me later : he had to go or he 'd be late for his evening shift . This led to the second revelation : ● If you are earning # 7 an hour you need to work longer than an investment banker to make any money at all . And that , in turn , led to the third : ● Earning the minimum wage makes you grateful to live at home where there is a warm bed and full  ish  fridge . For everyone else , it is a game of survival and he does n't understand how they manage . Later that evening I got a text from him saying the restaurant was quiet and that we could talk . So I went over to find the place entirely empty apart from my son , who was loafing around by the till . This led to his fourth revelation : ● Doing nothing sucks . It 's the worst thing there is . It makes you so lethargic that when things get busier you can hardly bring yourself to budge . See also : five ways to resign in style Is n't he also learning how to be professional , I asked -- leading the witness outrageously . Obvs , he replied . And then came lesson number five : ● You have to be punctual . And reliable . You must n't swear , or turn your back on customers , or answer them back . If you have a hangover you still have to get to work on time , and you have to pretend that you feel fine . Listening to him recite this list led me to contribute an insight of my own : ● A fast-food restaurant is an excellent finishing school . It has succeeded in areas where 18 years of liberal parenting and seven years of hugely expensive private education have made little impression . Yet even though he has learnt how to be civil to customers , he has not learnt to like it . In fact what he has discovered is that : ● Dealing with customers can suck . Some of them are friendly , but there are lots who do n't even look at you . That gets to you after a while . My son looked anxiously at his watch and said his boss would be in soon . But I thought you told me you liked him , I protested . He shrugged . "  He 's OK . In the beginning we went for a drink after the shift , but he decides how many hours I work , and he blames me for stuff like not ordering new menus , when that 's not even my job . So drinking with him feels weird . " In other words he has learnt invaluable lesson number eight : ● Being friends with your manager is never a good idea . Before I left him , I told him that his lessons bore no resemblance to the ones drawn by the HBR blogger , whose stint doing humble jobs taught him great truths about humanity : that most people want to take pride in their work , and that everyone has big dreams . What did he think of that ? He pointed out it was hard to take pride in your work when the restaurant is doing badly and the manager does n't care . See also : How millennials can score the perfect job But even with good management , some people are still useless moaners , which led him to lesson nine . ● Working with whingers is rubbish . So what should be done about them , I asked . He looked at me as if I were an idiot . "  F-ing fire them , " he said , momentarily forgetting lesson # 5 . And what about dreams ? "  Yeah , " he said . "  Everyone here has dreams . " Slightly dreading the answer , I asked what were his . To my relief he replied : "  To get into university and to get a skilled job . " © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Some of the world 's most successful people honed their skills in part time jobs as teenagers A recent Harvard Business Review blog argued young people learn more in humble jobs than internships at big companies Warren Buffet , Michael Dell and Jeff Bezos all started out in part time jobs for minimal wages
CNN  -- Alfred Kahn , an economist who became known as the "  architect of deregulation " under the Carter administration , has died of cancer . He was 93 . It is widely accepted that Kahn 's efforts dismantled air travel as the domain of the elite and paved the way for low-cost airlines . He died at his home in Ithaca , New York , on Monday , according to a statement from Cornell University where he was a professor emeritus of political economy . Kahn spearheaded the U.S. Airline Deregulation Act of 1978 when he chaired the now-defunct Civil Aeronautics Board . At the time , a coast-to-coast ticket cost an exorbitant sum of money and no new airlines were taking flight . Airlines such as Pan Am , Eastern and Braniff ruled the skies , and the aeronautics board governed them , controlling routes and ticket prices , keeping fares high and eliminating competition . "  Nobody could fly an airplane commercially on any route without specific permission from the Civil Aeronautics Board , and price competition , cutting prices , was illegal , " Kahn told CNN in 1998 , recalling that period . He wanted change that would allow competition and let prices be set by the marketplace rather than the government . The result of his work was the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978 , signed into law by then-President Jimmy Carter , who predicted it would reduce airfares by up to 50 percent and open up air travel to millions of Americans who previously could n't afford it . The Department of Transportation became the industry watchdog , and airlines took control of themselves . Deregulation gave birth to the concepts of airport hubs and frequent flyer miles and led to the creation of new airlines . "  His vision and actions resulted in a profound transformation of the U.S. airline industry and strongly influenced international air transportation , " the publishers of Aviation Week and Space Technology said when they named him the winner of the 1997 Welch Pogue Award , which recognizes contributions to aviation . When he chaired the aviation board , Kahn was also remembered for his campaign to eliminate " ` bureaucratese ' or gobbledygook " at the agency , said colleague Robert Frank , a professor of management at Cornell 's Johnson School . "  If you ca n't explain what you 're doing in plain English , you 're probably doing something wrong , " Kahn once told the board 's staff . After his term at the aeronautics board , Carter tapped him to serve as his advisor on inflation . When the administration admonished him for alarming the public that the country could face a "  deep , deep depression " if Carter 's anti-inflation policies failed , Kahn began using the euphemism "  banana " for the word "  depression , " Cornell university said in a statement . Kahn later switched "  banana " to "  kumquat " when a large banana company complained . He is survived by his wife , Mary ; three children ; a nephew for whom he and Mary were legal guardians ; eight grandchildren and two great-grandchildren , the university said .	Kahn 's efforts have paved the way for low-cost airlines He spearheaded the Airline Deregulation Act that let prices be set by the market and not the government Deregulation let to the concept of airport hubs and frequent flyer miles He is also known for his efforts to eliminate "  bureaucratese "
CNN  -- One look at her photo , and you ca n't help but ask : How could someone so young and vibrant die so quickly from an infection ? Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa died from a sepsis infection . Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa was a healthy 20-year-old when doctors told her she had a urinary tract infection , her family says . The infection spread , and after amputating her feet , doctors thought they had the situation under control , according to a blog run by a family friend . "  She 's alive , -LSB- she -RSB- will survive , " Renato Lindgren wrote on the blog on January 20 , before da Costa also had to have her hands amputated , and part of her stomach and both kidneys extracted . "  She can eat well , visit the sea , swim , travel , talk with her friends and family , marry and have a baby . She has a full and beautiful life ahead . " Four days later , da Costa was dead . Sepsis -- the body 's inflammatory response to an infection -- really can kill that quickly , according to Dr. Kevin Tracey , author of a book about sepsis called "  Fatal Sequence : The Killer Within . " "  This is n't a one in a million case , " says Tracey , chief executive officer of the Feinstein Institute for Medical Research in Manhasset , New York . "  When an infection reaches a certain point , this can happen in a matter of hours . " Sepsis usually starts out as an infection in just one part of the body , such as a skin wound or a urinary tract infection , Tracey says . For example , Muppets creator Jim Henson died in 1990 from a case of sepsis that started out as pneumonia , an inflammation of the lungs . He was 53 . Most of the time , simple , localized infections remain just that : easy to treat and in one part of the body . Why some infections rage out of control and shut down vital organs is a mystery , but experts say it rarely happens in young , healthy people , like da Costa . Watch more on avoiding septicemia " "  You can ask , ` Why her ? ' but really no one knows why her , " Tracey says . "  It might have something to do with her immune system . It might be about her genetics . " The Mayo Clinic sees about 100 cases a year of young , healthy people who develop sepsis , says Dr. Priya Sampathkumar , an infectious disease specialist at Mayo . With treatment , which usually involves antibiotics and sometimes draining of the wound , about 75 percent survive . Sampathkumar says the key is to keep an eye on even such simple infections as a small skin wound . A fever , a dramatic shift in blood pressure , rapid breathing and extreme confusion are all signs that someone needs quick medical help , she says . "  You need to watch it , " she says . Dr. Carl Flatley said he had no idea what to watch for when his 23-year-old daughter , Erin , developed sepsis in 2002 . He says she went into the hospital for a minor hemorrhoid procedure and five days later was dead from sepsis . "  It 's a horrible death , " he says . Two years later , knowing the signs of sepsis saved his own life , says Flatley , a dentist in Dunedin , Florida . He fell ill , and an emergency room doctor said he had a urinary tract infection and sent him home . But Flatley said he suspected it was much more than a UTI . "  I felt very sick . My testicle was sore . I told him I was concerned I had sepsis and I refused to go home . He got very irritated with me , " Flatley says . But in the end , Flatley was admitted to the hospital , where the infection had become so severe that doctors were forced to remove his right testicle . Flatley started The Sepsis Alliance to educate others about sepsis , where he tries to walk a fine line . "  You do n't want to panic people . We all get infections and , thank God , most of them heal , " he says . "  So this is what I tell people : If you 're feeling bad all over and have a high temperature and either high or low blood pressure , those are all indications that your whole system has been infected . It could be sepsis . " He advises getting medical help immediately , and to specifically mention that you 're concerned you might have sepsis . "  You do n't want to take any chances , " he says . CNN 's Jennifer Pifer-Bixler and Sabriya Rice and CNN Español 's Cibele Lorenzoni contributed to this report .	Brazilian model Mariana Bridi da Costa , 20 , died after sepsis infection spread Sepsis starts as infection in one part of body , then rages out of control Fever , big shift in blood pressure , rapid breathing , mental confusion are red flags
Washington  CNN  -- Is President Barack Obama seriously considering pulling all U.S. troops from Afghanistan by next year or is just a sign of his frustration with Afghan President Hamid Karzai ? There 's no doubt that Obama has had his fill of dealing with Karzai 's on-again , off-again negotiations over how many troops would remain in the country after 2014 . And there 's no doubt that the relationship continues to deteriorate , CNN Chief National Correspondent John King said . "  You can talk to senior officials going back into the Bush administration , they would tell you dealing with Karzai is sometimes like dealing with a child -- he 's unpredictable , he changes his mind -- so that 's part of it , " King said . "  So If Karzai does n't trust his own security forces , you lay this down that we might come back to a zero option , maybe you snap him into thinking , ' "  I 'd better get to get back to the negotiating table here , ' " King said . Obama strongly considering complete pullout from Afghanistan The tough-love approach has become the standard negotiating tactic with Karzai , CNN Foreign Affairs Reporter Elise Labott said . "  They 're still hammering out a deal for the long-term U.S. numbers and they know Karzai really does n't want to be left standing alone . " U.S. and Afghan officials had been discussing a residual force in the country post-2014 to fight insurgents and train Afghan security forces . But the relationship between the two countries soured further last month after the United States and the Taliban planned peace talks and in response , Karzai cut off negotiations . The Pentagon said no decision has been made and talks continue . "  We continue to work through issues , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said , adding , "  We believe we can work through them . " Karzai does hold a bargaining chip in that a complete pullout would put the United States at a strategic disadvantage in a volatile region . Opinion : Abandon Afghanistan ? A dumb idea "  Think about the past decade , look at a map : it 's inconceivable to think there would n't be some kind of a U.S. residual force in Afghanistan to look across the border to Pakistan , " King said . "  But remember , for anyone who thinks this is impossible , it is improbable to have zero , but if you think it 's impossible , I give you one example : Iraq -- everyone thought we 'd leave a force there and we did n't . " The zero option is not without precedent for Obama . The refusal by the Iraqi government to extend legal protections for U.S. troops after the end of the war there was a major reason the American military left the country with no residual military training force . Share your view on Afghanistan The other part of the equation is Obama 's relationship with his generals , King said . "  There 's also a big debate about this within the Pentagon . The generals are debating how many troops to leave behind , what 's the composition of the force . So the president is also serving notice to the Pentagon here -- ` I 'm going to keep the zero option , ' " King said . The Pentagon clearly would like to leave some troops in the country and that has been the plan all along , CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr said . "  But if Karzai wo n't negotiate an arrangement , then they simply ca n't stay . " Perhaps the biggest loser in the standoff could be the intelligence community , which would need to keep tabs on al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan without the help of U.S. forces on the ground . Logistically , it is possible to get all U.S. troops out of the country by the end of 2014 but those decisions would need to be made now . "  We need to know sooner rather than later , " a U.S. Army official told CNN . If Obama were to order a complete pullout , then the Army would have to establish schedules for troop withdrawals , shutting down bases , and shipping home equipment over the next 18 months , said an Army official who asked not to be identified because no decisions have been made . It would also change schedules for troop rotations -- the Army is getting to the point that it would need to even out its schedule so that there are n't troops headed to Afghanistan late in 2014 only to come home a few months later , the official said . Ultimately , the United States will make it 's decision based on its own national security interests , Labott said . "  They are n't going to make a decision like that based on whether Karzai is more frustrating than usual - especially since they always find him frustrating , " she said . "  Not having any troops in Afghanistan -- particularly special forces -- adjacent to Pakistan and Iran , among others would put the U.S. at a strategic disadvantage . "	Negotiations between the U.S. and Afghanistan over post-2014 troop levels have deteriorated Those who have dealt with Afghan President Karzai say it 's sometimes ` like dealing with a child ' The U.S. planned to leave some residual force in place to fight insurgents and train Afghan forces The U.S. planned to leave troops in Iraq after the war but pulled all out after talks stalled
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Uganda 's incumbent leader appeared destined Saturday to extend his 25 years in office but as results trickled in , the opposition front-runner charged fraud in the East African nation 's presidential election . President Yoweri Museveni , who has led Uganda since a rebel group he was aligned with seized power in 1986 , won 71 % with a fifth of the votes counted . Challenger Kizza Besigye had 22 % . "  There have been widespread malpractices in the electoral process , " Besigye said . He said voters had been bribed and that "  huge amounts of money " landed in the hands of polling agents and candidates to pay off electoral officials . "  Local council officials and security agents have been threatening people with war if Museveni does not win this election , and the purpose can only have been to intimidate and threaten the Ugandan people so that they were scared to express their desire for change , " Besigye , who heads the Inter-Party Cooperation . The government has dismissed the accusations and said the opposition is trying to undermine the election . A new term would give Museveni five more years in power . Final results will be released Sunday . Museveni has already vowed to quash any Egypt-inspired uprisings aimed at toppling entrenched regimes . Ugandans lined up early to cast their ballots amid heavy security in the capital and other areas . Increased security forces in anti-riot gear patrolled the streets of Kampala a day after the elections . Besigye -- who was a former doctor for Museveni -- lost presidential bids in 2001 and 2006 . His party said it had anticipated rigging this year , and it plans to conduct its own tally . "  We can not trust an electoral commission that was appointed by the ruling party . We have to have our own check mechanism , " said Margaret Wokuri , a spokeswoman for Bisyegi 's party . Museveni was once hailed for stabilizing Uganda and helping combat the AIDS epidemic , but has faced mounting criticism over corruption and lack of political transition in the country . Parliament removed presidential term limits in Uganda five years ago , essentially allowing the incumbent to run for office indefinitely . About 14 million people registered to vote in the presidential and parliamentary ballot . There are a total of eight presidential candidates , Wokuri said . Journalist Tom Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : The opposition front-runner says voters and polling officials were bribed Uganda 's incumbent president took an early lead in the polls Election could extend the term of President Yoweri Museveni by five years Museveni has been in power for 25 years
CNN  -- Something strange happened Monday on the Internet . Facebook -- the once-underdog social network founded by a kid in a hoodie in a dorm room -- may have officially cemented its status as a titan of the tech establishment it once challenged . What changed ? Facebook -- no longer a feisty startup but a 3,000-person , soon-to-be-public corporation with $ 3.9 billion in cash and an $ 85 billion to $ 100 billion valuation -- spent $ 1 billion to gobble up a much-smaller competitor , the photo-sharing app Instagram . When it did so , it stirred up a caldron of ill will that the "  People of the Internet " have been harboring toward Mark Zuckerberg 's once-hip company . Some Instagram users said they were downloading all of their photos and then deleting them from the app just so Facebook could n't get its hands on them . Pundits were n't kind to Facebook , either . David Horsey of the Los Angeles Times , writing about the Instagram purchase , noted that the company is looking more and more like "  Big Friend , " a gentler variation on George Orwell 's all-seeing Big Brother . Data indicate others share that view , too . A new poll , conducted before the Instagram news , found that 28 % of Americans have an unfavorable view of Facebook -- twice as many as disapprove of Apple and nearly three times as many as Google . This backlash highlights a new reality : As a technological juggernaut , Facebook is more Microsoft than Tumblr . To use a musical analogy employed on Twitter , it 's the Nickelback to Instagram 's Bon Iver . Facebook and Instagram 's images could n't be more different , so it 's tempting to say that this Goliath-buys-David event is a turning point for Facebook . But people have been writing about Facebook losing its mojo for years now . In 2009 , AdWeek ran this headline : "  Is Facebook getting uncool for 18-24s ? " A year later , mainstream news websites noted the phenomenon of parents and grandparents joining Facebook , scaring off younger people . "  It 's official , Facebook is becoming uncool , " CBS declared . It 's hard to pinpoint the moment when Facebook 's image problem started . Maybe it was when users realized how much data Facebook was collecting about them . Maybe it was when CEO Zuckerberg started to seem less like that geeky , counterculture college kid and more like a run-of-the-mill billionaire . But it is possible to take a look at the conversation and tease out a few factors that seem to have led to Facebook 's current status as an inescapable , perhaps Orwellian , Internet giant . First : Money . Nothing leads to public skepticism quite like a few billion dollars in pocket change . Compare that kind of situation at Facebook to Instagram , which as CNNMoney notes , had n't monetized its product . It did n't support advertisements and apparently did n't sell its users ' data . Facebook , on the other hand , is accused of profiting wildly on the backs of the 850 million people who share personal details about their lives on the social network . For more on that , see The Wall Street Journal 's recent feature "  Selling You on Facebook , " which analyzes the info that Facebook apps collect . View some of the photos , comments from readers Second : Size . As companies get bigger , people tend to question their motives . Google is a good example of this view . The Silicon Valley company once was the darling of the Internet -- the search engine that did n't have ads on its homepage and declared its company ethos was "  Do n't Be Evil . " As the tech blog Gizmodo writes , Google "  built a very lucrative company on the reputation of user respect . " That was easy enough when Google was small . As it grew , however , some people started to lose faith in the company -- and to question its motives . Gizmodo : "  In a privacy policy shift , Google announced today that it will begin tracking users universally across all its services -- Gmail , Search , YouTube and more -- and sharing data on user activity across all of them . So much for the Google we signed up for . " People never talked that way about Instagram , which only had 13 employees and 33 million users . It 's the kind of company journalists love to use the word "  scrappy " to describe . Third : Trust . As the company has grown , some people have come to trust Facebook so little that they 're pulling photos from Instagram in advance of the takeover . According to Megan Garber at The Atlantic , 25,000 people visited Instaport 's site in six hours on Monday after the news broke , compared with 400 people on a normal day . Instaport is a service that helps people pull photos off Instagram for home storage . "  You could read that spike , on the one hand , as a mass freak-out on the part of users who do n't trust Facebook -- despite Mark Zuckerberg 's promises -- with their networks and memories , " Garber writes . "  You could also read it as an insurance play , a just-to-be-safe move on the part of people who want to feel sure that their photos are secure . " Mistrust of Facebook stems in part from concern about its privacy policies , which have been described as overly confusing . Facebook itself acknowledges that privacy concerns could trip up the company in the future . In its initial public offering filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , the company wrote : "  We have in the past experienced , and we expect that in the future we will continue to experience , media , legislative , or regulatory scrutiny of our decisions regarding user privacy or other issues , which may adversely affect our reputation and brand . " Finally : The cool factor . Maybe it 's less that people see Facebook as evil and more that the site just is n't as cool as it used to be -- partly because it 's so popular and also because it 's not the new kid on the block anymore . Zuckerberg launched Facebook in 2004 , which is eons ago in Internet time . MySpace and Friendster -- all of Facebook 's predecessors -- did n't survive  or did n't continue to grow  for this long . Instagram , meanwhile , was founded in late 2010 and was only in recent months becoming part of the zeitgist . iPhone-toting hipster types liked the app for its mobility -- you cold post photos easily from your phone -- and filters that gave their pics a retro , vintage vibe . "  Instagram is , in a word , cool . Facebook is losing its ` cool ' , rapidly , " wrote Allan Swann at the Computer Business Review . Instagram managed to create a cache in part from its status as an underground hit . Even with tens of millions of users , the app was praised by reviewers as intimate -- a place , true or not , where it was safe to post personal photos and share stories with a relatively small network of friends .  Just to throw in some data : I have 815 Facebook friends but only 67 people whom I follow on Instagram , and I actually know almost all of them . It 's not clear that any of that will change for Instagram . Zuckerberg says the app will continue to operate as a product that 's independent from Facebook and that people wo n't have to post Instagram photos to Facebook just because the company owns the app . But the backlash helped crystallize the idea that Facebook no longer is seen as the always-cool company that everybody implicitly trusts . "  Some Instagram fans are acting as if this is a tragedy , " Horsey of the Los Angeles Times writes of the acquisition . "  They liked the idea that there was a little corner of the online world where they could gather and be outside the reach of the Zuckerberg empire . ... " There was a time when people clamored to be part of Zuckerberg 's network , which launched at first only for Harvard students . But now , as the Instagram backlash shows , Facebook has long stopped being an exclusive club . It 's seen as the big , bland company that the app 's users worry will ruin the cool thing they had going .	Facebook buying Instagram for $ 1 billion , as photo-sharing app hits mainstream Some Instagram users express outrage at the sale and threaten to pull their photos from the app Observers say Facebook is n't as cool as it used to be because it 's so rich , popular and powerful
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Denmark is the world 's most content nation , according to a new study on global wellbeing , but the good news is , despite the credit crunch and rising fuel and food prices , all of us are getting happier . Researchers at the University of Michigan said Denmark 's prosperity , stability and democratic government placed the country at the top of the rankings , with Colombia , Canada , Puerto Rico and Iceland all in the top 10 . The United States -- the world 's richest nation -- ranked 16th among 97 countries , while Britain was placed 21st . Zimbabwe , with its soaring inflation and continuing political crisis , unsurprisingly ranked 97th . "  I strongly suspect there is a strong correlation between peace and happiness , " said Ronald Inglehart , a political scientist at the University of Michigan 's Institute for Social Research . "  There is also a correlation between democracy and peace . Democracies are less likely to fight each other than non-democracies . " Almost all the countries at the bottom of the list struggle with legacies of authoritarian rule and widespread poverty , the survey found . Moldova and Armenia -- with long histories of repressive government -- trumped Iraq for misery , which placed seven in the U.S.-funded research . Respondents were asked two questions to gauge their happiness : Researchers say that compared to a similar survey 20 years ago , everyone is a lot happier . "  Ultimately , the most important determinant of happiness is the extent to which people have free choice in how to live their lives , " Inglehart adds .	Group 's survey factors in economic growth , democracy , social tolerance Top 10 include seven European nations , Colombia , Puerto Rico , Canada U.S. ranked No. 16 ; Zimbabwe , Moldova , Armenia ranked at bottom
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- It 's 6.30 a.m. on a rainy morning in New Delhi . Modern School is closed for the summer , but its sports fields are bursting with energy . Around 30 boys , between the ages of seven and 17 are running around , some swinging bats in the air , others practicing their bowling . They come here five days a week to attend a cricket coaching camp . "  Cricket takes commitment , " says the star student here , 17-year-old Arjun Gupta . The row between India 's Harbhajan Singh  left  and Australia 's Andrew Symonds has turned the spotlight on "  sledging " in cricket . Gupta is passionate about the game . He 's already representing the state of Delhi in the under-17 category . He dreams of playing for his country one day . His coaches , Uday Gupte and Navin Chopra say he has the talent to do that . He also has the right attitude . "  Cricket is played by a gentleman , " says Gupte , adding that the sport requires tremendous discipline , both on and off the field . Some question whether cricket still deserves that reputation -- after an incident on the cricket pitch in January escalated into a bitter racial row between India and Australia . The incident took place during a test match in Sydney . Indian player Harbhajan Singh allegedly called Australia 's Andrew Symonds "  big monkey " -- an allegation the Indians did not take lightly . The incident created unprecedented controversy in both cricket-loving countries . But there was no conclusive proof that Singh racially insulted Symonds , says Chetan Chauhan , who was the manager of the Indian cricket team at that time . India threatened to quit the tour if Australia found Singh guilty of racial vilification . Eventually Singh pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of using abusive language . The International Cricket Council overturned an initial three-test ban , replacing it with a financial penalty and the tour went on . Six months later , the so called ` monkey " incident is still a sensitive issue in India . Few believe Singh said the word monkey -- and even if he did -- they doubt he meant it as a racial insult . In India , the word monkey has a different context , explains Chauhan . "  It 's used to describe someone who has extra energy , or is cheeky . " Exactly what went on or which words were used during a heated exchange between Singh and Symonds is still unclear . What the incident did , though , is turn the spotlight on "  sledging " in cricket -- which until then , was a sport known for its tolerance and civil on-the-field behaviour . Should "  sledging " be banned ? Have you say "  There are two types of sledging , " points out former cricket player , Imran Khan . "  One is when in the heat of the moment players exchange hot words , swear at each other . There is this other sledging that I think should be stamped out , which is pre-planned and where it 's almost clinical that somehow players plan to go and upset players by being abusive or saying things that are deeply offensive which would get a negative reaction . " Watch Imran Khan discuss sledging in the sport " Players , professional and amateur , admit that some form of sledging takes place on the field . But cricket legend Colin Croft warns the ICC must step in when the attacks go too far . "  All sportsmen at the top of the game , because they work harder , the adrenaline is pumping , they are going to try to get you off your game and sledging is I suppose intended to do that , " he says . "  But when it becomes too personal , too cultural , you 've got to be very careful and that 's where the ICC should come in and say , ` Look , if you cross a certain line you 're gon na be put out of the game . ' Simple as that . " Cricket has its own code of conduct , says Chopra , one of the Modern School coaches , adding it 's never too early to start teaching aspiring cricketers the etiquette of the sport . "  If some incident takes place , I tell my students , just avoid it . Do n't answer back with your mouth . Get back at them with your game . " Arjun Gupta says he tries to follow that advice . And that his fellow students and he live by one golden rule when playing cricket matches . "  Off the field , we are friends , " he says . His coaches say that 's what makes him a gentleman .	Cricket has reputation as a sport "  played by gentlemen " Reputation tarnished by Harbhajan Singh-Andrew Symonds controversy Indian spinner Singh denied racially insulting Australian Symonds Indian coaches say they teach aspiring players etiquette from a young age
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- Thousands of people are expected to march Tuesday in South Africa to protest a portrait of President Jacob Zuma that shows his genitals . Zuma 's supporters in the ruling African National Congress say the portrait is insulting and call it an attack on both the president and his party . About 15,000 people are expected to participate in the march to Johannesburg 's Goodman Gallery , where the work was on display , according to the South African Broadcasting Corporation . The painting by artist Brett Murray , called "  The Spear , " is reminiscent of Soviet-era propaganda posters . Red on one half and black on the other , the painting shows Zuma in a proud stance with his genitals prominently exposed . Attorney weeps as he argues for censoring painting The painting was defaced last week after a storm of protests and condemnation , the SABC reported . "  We believe all these actions by the gallery are not only a violation of the right to dignity of ... President Jacob Zuma but are a clear and calculated attack on the ANC , " the party said on its website . "  We therefore again call on all South Africans , members and  supporters  of the ANC and our alliance partners to come and register their outrage at this insult and attack on our president and the ANC , " it said . The Sunday newspaper City Press removed the image of the portrait from its website after the ANC threatened a boycott , but it complained Monday the ANC still wants the paper to apologize for running it in the first place . Democratic Alliance , the ANC 's official opposition , said The Spear "  was brilliant as a work of political satire , which is also why it became an instant icon . " Calls for the painting 's censorship , the party said , indicate a dangerous move away from the right to free speech . If he felt insulted , Zuma should have sued the artist rather than calling for the painting 's removal , the Democratic Alliance said .	The portrait shows President Jacob Zuma with his genitals exposed The ruling party says the painting is insulting Reports say 15,000 people are expected to march in protest
CNN  -- Over the course of his 50-plus years in Hollywood , Jack Nicholson has become the archetype of the star who lives by his own rules . Along the way , the actor known for thwarting convention has revamped the very idea of what it means to be a leading man . Now , that life is on full display as the subject of a new  unauthorized  biography by Marc Eliot , whose ample resume includes works on Jimmy Stewart , Cary Grant , Michael Douglas , Clint Eastwood and Steve McQueen . All the Jack stories are there : his "  overnight " success in "  Easy Rider " that was preceded by 19 movies ; his unorthodox lifestyle ; and his grand appetite -- particularly for food and sex . Here are 10 things you may not know about Nicholson , as gleaned from Eliot 's book and CNN 's interview with the author . 1 . At age 76 , the actor allegedly still does n't know the identity of his real father . According to Eliot , John Nicholson is listed on Jack 's birth certificate , but the author writes that the star 's actual father was a man named Don Furcillo , "  a sometime musician who played with various pickup bands along the Jersey Shore . " To make family matters even more complicated , Nicholson apparently did n't discover until he was an adult that the woman he thought was his older sister was actually his mother , and the woman he thought was his mother was really his grandmother . All this bears an ironic resemblance to the storyline in "  Chinatown , " where Faye Dunaway 's character belatedly confesses about a mystery girl , "  She 's my sister ... my daughter . She 's my sister and my daughter ! " 2 . Nicholson improvised the famous dentist 's chair scene in Roger Corman 's "  The Little Shop of Horrors "  1960  , a performance so memorable it would earn him his first role in a studio film  1960 's "  Studs Lonigan "  . The entire film was shot in two days on a micro-budget . To save money , Nicholson , Corman and the rest of the filmmaking team vaulted the fences at Charlie Chaplin 's old studio in Hollywood , where they filmed without permission , Eliot recounts . Nicholson made over a dozen movies with Corman in the early part of his career . "  Roger Corman is the person most responsible for Jack Nicholson becoming an actor and then a star , " Eliot told CNN . 3 . Nicholson 's big break of course came in the role of George Hanson in 1969 's "  Easy Rider . " The part was initially to be filled by Rip Torn , until that actor quit after feuding with director and co-star Dennis Hopper . Nicholson 's salary : $ 392 a week . To adopt a Texas twang for the part  and drop his native New Jersey accent  , Nicholson listened to tapes of a former President . "  They made him listen to speeches of LBJ over and over again until Jack was able to pick up a few nuances of the accent , " Eliot said . The film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in May 1969 , and "  Jack was really a complete unknown " at that point , Eliot said . "  As he walked out of the theater  after the premiere  , he knew and everybody in that audience knew that he was going to be a star . " 4 . Among Nicholson 's most famous roles is the rebellious Randall Patrick McMurphy in "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest "  which won him his first Oscar in 1976  . But Eliot writes Nicholson almost lost out on the part to a slew of other stars . Producers Michael Douglas and Saul Zaentz 's first choice to play McMurphy "  was Marlon Brando , who immediately said no , then Gene Hackman , who also turned them down , " Eliot writes . "  So did Burt Reynolds and James Caan . " But Nicholson has turned down his share of roles too , including some that made cinema history -- with other actors portraying them . According to Eliot , these are among the roles Nicholson spurned : • Michael Corleone in "  The Godfather " • The young priest in "  The Exorcist " • The lead in "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind " • The Robert Redford role in "  The Sting " • The Jack Lemmon role in "  The China Syndrome " • The Tom Cruise role in "  Rain Man " • The Martin Sheen role in "  Apocalypse Now " • Hannibal Lecter in "  The Silence of the Lambs " • Jay Gatsby in 1974 's "  The Great Gatsby " The Manson connection 5 . Eliot writes that Nicholson was friends with Sharon Tate , who was among the multiple victims of the Manson Family . And when Charles Manson went on trial for the murders in 1970 , Nicholson attended the proceedings virtually every day . "  He was fascinated by Manson 's persona and the crazy way he looked " during the trial , Eliot writes . "  Jack ... could n't get enough of it . " His fascination with prominent trials was not limited to the Manson case , according to Eliot . The author writes that Nicholson also attended the 1977 trial of actress Claudine Longet  Andy Williams ' ex-wife  , who was accused of killing her lover , "  Spider " Sabich . "  He always sat in the first row of spectators , usually next to  Andy  Williams , mystified by the lovely face of a woman driven to kill , " Eliot writes . 6 . To judge from Eliot 's biography , Nicholson may have bedded more women than any other star  with the possible exception of Warren Beatty  . Space does not permit a full listing of his conquests , but Eliot reports they include : • Veronica Cartwright  his co-star in "  The Witches of Eastwick " • Lara Flynn Boyle • Julie Delpy • Michelle Phillips  of the Mamas and the Papas • Rebecca Broussard • Anjelica Huston • Susan Anspach • Melanie Griffith • Jill St. John • Margaret Trudeau  then the estranged wife of the Canadian Prime Minister • Christina Onassis  daughter of Aristotle Eliot describes a particularly voracious period of carousing for Nicholson , when he and friend Michael Douglas were traveling the world to promote "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . " "  They stripped and devoured  young women  like peeling shrimp , " Eliot writes , "  as they romped through England , Sweden , Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , Japan and Australia . " 7 . Nicholson 's other love , apart from women , is collecting art . According to Eliot , the actor 's collection is worth $ 100 million , comprised of works by Picasso , Matisse , Modigliani , Magritte , Bouguereau , Botero and Rodin . How did Nicholson afford all that expensive art ? By becoming one of the wealthiest actors in Hollywood . As one of the industry 's most sought-after talents , he was able to strike a hard bargain for his services -- demanding and receiving profit participation in the great majority of his films . Jack the Joker 8 . The most lucrative role of Nicholson 's career came as the Joker in Tim Burton 's "  Batman "  1989  . The actor 's take : somewhere between $ 60 million and $ 90 million , according to Eliot . Nicholson might have done the role for nothing , given how much he loved Batman lore . Eliot writes the actor grew up reading Batman comic books and was especially fond of that grinning villain . "  Playing the Joker was not a gag for him , " Eliot told CNN . "  For Jack ,  appearing in ` Batman '  was a chance to connect to childhood . " According to Eliot , Nicholson was so taken with the role he shelled out $ 70,000 to buy his character 's "  electrified purple clown outfit . " The famous golf club incident 9 . Many instances of Nicholson 's generosity are detailed in the book , but so are his occasional outbursts . None is more famous than the day in February 1994 when he demonstrated his golf swing for the driver of a Mercedes . The mallet in question ? A two-iron  graphite shaft  . Nicholson pulled it from its bag and smashed the windshield and roof of the Mercedes after the driver allegedly cut him off in traffic . It was a costly encounter . Nicholson settled a civil suit filed by the driver ; Eliot cites unnamed sources who peg the payout at $ 500,000 . Has Nicholson retired ? 10 . The one question the book does n't answer is whether Nicholson will make another film . He has n't starred in anything since 2010 's "  How Do You Know , " and a recent unsubstantiated report claimed the actor had retired  CNN previously reached out to Nicholson 's agent , Sandy Bresler , for comment on that but did not receive a reply  . Eliot told CNN "  retirement " is a dirty word in Hollywood , because actors , no matter what their age , are always hoping one more great role will come their way . The author told CNN he hopes we have n't seen the last Nicholson performance . "  Hopefully we 'll have more of Jack , because you can never have enough . "	Marc Eliot has written an unauthorized biography of Jack Nicholson The writer covers his career and unorthodox lifestyle The tome is filled with tidbits that fans may not know about
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The moderator 's chair on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " stood empty on Sunday in remembrance of Tim Russert , the man who had occupied it for 17 years . The moderator 's chair on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " stood empty Sunday in remembrance of Tim Russert . As the show 's host , Russert became a mainstay of television journalism 's political talk . He died Friday of apparent heart attack , according to the network . He was 58 . The network said Russert collapsed while at work . Colleague and former NBC anchor Tom Brokaw , who broke the news about the anchor 's death , spoke on Sunday the familiar first four words of the news program , "  Our issues this Sunday . " He noted that those were the same words Russert had been recording for the show when he collapsed and died . "  Our issue this sad Sunday morning is remembering and honoring our colleague and friend , " Brokaw said . "  He said he was only the temporary custodian , " of this program , which he called a national treasure , Brokaw said . "  Of course , he was so much more than all that . " Brokaw sat among some of Russert 's other colleagues in the front of the show 's set , including Pulitzer Prize-winning author Doris Kearns Goodwin and political analysts Mary Matalin and James Carville , who is also a CNN contributor . "  This is where you separated the men from the boys , " said Matalin , who is married to Carville . "  You were n't a candidate until you came on this show . " A montage of clips from past years showed various politicians -- former President Bill Clinton , President Bush , former presidential candidate Ross Perot , Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff -- sitting across the table from Russert . Watch politicians , journalists pay homage to Russert " Some showed the politicians as they squirmed . "  Look , I was asked -- I should n't have said that , " New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said on the show in May 2007 . Richardson had appeared on the show as part of the "  Meet the Candidates 2008 " series , and was grilled by Russert about his contradictory positions on numerous issues . "  So you 're - I 've been in public life for 25 years , you 're going to find a lot of these ; it seems you found them all here , " he said , smiling somewhat sheepishly . "  I 'm just trying to set the record and trying to give you a chance to respond , which is fair , " Russert had responded . In another clip at the end of an April 2006 show , Sen. John McCain told Russert , "  I have n't had so much fun since my last interrogation . " Russert had appeared as an unlikely icon for television news , with his cherubic face and dimpled chin , but he was a prolific interviewer and tireless journalist , one with an intimidating breadth of political knowledge and insight . "  It was a very easy show to prepare for in the sense that you knew he was not going to ask you any questions out of left field ; you knew his thing was going to be entitlements , you knew his thing was going to be past statements , you knew where he was coming from , " Carville said Sunday of "  Meet the Press . " Matalin countered : "  It was simple in the fact that there was no ` gotcha , ' but it was not easy . Because you had to be 10 questions deep , because he was going to be 12 questions deep . " As news of his death hit the airwaves and Internet , tributes rolled in -- with nearly everyone praising his prowess as a journalist and as an interviewer . Bush , in a written statement , called Russert "  a tough and hardworking newsman . " "  He was always well-informed and thorough in his interviews , " Bush said . "  And he was as gregarious off the set as he was prepared on it . " Longtime CBS news anchor Walter Cronkite said , "  Broadcast journalism lost one of its greats today . Tim Russert was a giant in our field -- a standard-bearer of journalistic integrity and ethics . His masterful interviews and roundtable discussions are legendary . This is a tragic loss for journalism and for all who were privileged to know him . " But colleagues who knew him best also praised his warmth , and described him as a mentor . "  I think it 's so poignant that we 're talking about Tim on Father 's Day because he was a father to so many of us , " said California first lady Maria Shriver , who once worked for NBC . On Friday , NBC chief foreign affairs correspondent Andrea Mitchell said , "  He was always teaching each of us to be as rigorous as he was in looking at all the facts , examining everything and then being as balanced and fair and down-the-middle as anyone could possibly be . " Washingtonian Magazine once dubbed Russert the best and most influential journalist in Washington , D.C. , describing "  Meet the Press " as "  the most interesting and important hour on television . " In 2008 , Time Magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world . His two books -- 2004 's "  Big Russ and Me " and 2006 's "  Wisdom of Our Fathers " -- were both New York Times bestsellers .	The moderator 's chair on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " stood empty Sunday Veteran journalist collapses at work , according to NBC The 58-year-old Russert died of an apparent heart attack Tom Brokaw : "  Our issue this sad Sunday morning " is honoring Russert
EW.com  -- You may now exclaim , "  Holy crap ! Woo hoo ! " : Seth MacFarlane has recorded a guest spot on The Simpsons . "  The Family Guy " creator and voice actor  not to mention one of EW 's Entertainers of the Year and the host of the upcoming Oscars  will try to romance Marge in an episode that 's slated to air next fall as the season 25 premiere , EW has learned . The two popular animated shows , of course , share a network , a night , an overweight patriarch that falls well shy of role model , and a rivalry as they 've playfully jabbed each other on screen over the years . "  We wanted to come together in a bipartisan way to make Fox Sunday night rock , " sums up Simpsons executive producer Al Jean of the MacFarlane casting . "  This was all very fun . " In the episode , titled "  Dangers on a Train , " Marge mistakes an Ashley Madison-type website for a Dolly Madison-type cupcake site , not realizing that it 's a destination for married people to arrange affairs . While on the site , she encounters the charming Ben  MacFarlane  , who pursues her as they bond over their mutual love of a "  Downton Abbey " - ish series , Upton Rectory . "  A lot of him trying to go after her is over the phone , so it 's a perfect part for someone with his voice , " says Jean , who adds that the smooth-voiced MacFarlane croons "  The Way You Look Tonight " in the episode .  By the way , Ben 's wife is voiced by comedian Lisa Lampanelli , "  which explains what 's wrong with his marriage , " quips Jean . MacFarlane â $ " who lent his voice to Matt Groening 's other animated series , "  Futurama , " in 2009 â $ " welcomed the offer to visit Springfield . "  We thought we had a great part that he 'd be perfect for , and it would be great to have him on our show , so it worked out just right , " says Jean , noting : "  There 's been a little rivalry . We 're both humor shows and we make jokes , but it 's always been friendly . " EW Daily Poll : Do you like ` midseason finales ' ? In fact , "  Dangers on a Train " contains a joke that tweaks both "  Family Guy " and "  The Simpsons . " During one of Marge and Ben 's conversations , says Jean , "  they talk about this Downton Abbey show and they say , ` There 's so much great stuff on Sunday nights ... except on Fox . ' " Will "  Family Guy " flip the script and feature some Simpsons talent on an upcoming episode ? MacFarlane was unavailable for comment , but Jean says , "  I 'm hopeful that there will be something of us on their show but that 's up to them . We 'd certainly welcome it . " In any case , he adds , "  for Seth , it completes the Saturday Night Live/Oscar host/Simpsons triple crown that exists only in my head . " UPDATE : Some of you have astutely noted that Dan Castellaneta had a one-line cameo in an October episode of "  Family Guy . " We were asking if "  Family Guy " will return the favor with a prominent guest role like MacFarlane 's . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Family Guy creator will try to romance Marge in an episode that 's slated to air next fall MacFarlane welcomed the offer to visit Springfield Executive producer says "  it completes the Saturday Night Live/Oscar host/Simpsons triple crown "
CNN Student News  -- April 5 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North Korea ; Guam China France Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- As a little girl , she never got a valentine at school parties . As a teenager , she never had a best friend , a boyfriend or a date . As a woman , she 's never had a relationship . She 's never been kissed . Her dream to one day become a wife and mother is fading as she grapples with the reality that it may never happen . Penny Loker , 31 , was born with hemifacial microsomia and Goldenhar Syndrome , two birth defects that left her with a disfigured face . Hemifacial microsomia causes a malformation of the ear and/or the structure of the lower jaw . Goldenhar Syndrome is a congenital condition that produces abnormalities of the head and the bones of the spinal column . It usually affects the appearance of eyes , ears , facial bones and the mouth . Both conditions are complex , as are their names . But for a little girl facing a big world , the names were simple : Monster . Ugly . Freak . Loker was raised in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada , in a home where love and acceptance were given freely . Her father died soon after Loker 's first birthday . Her mother , a strong , loving woman , readily took on the challenge of raising Loker and her sisters . That included arranging for multiple surgeries at hospitals far from home . Loker 's recoveries were lengthy and painful , recalls older sister Crystal Loker . "  But even then Penny had a positive attitude . She was a trouper who kept her smile and did n't complain . " ` Impaired Perceptions ' : Photographer rejects first impressions At home , Loker 's looks were not an issue and she was treated the same as her sisters . She knew she looked a bit different , and she knew it caused her to be in the hospital a lot , but she had a child 's innocence and accepted it as normal . When it was time to start school , she discovered how different she actually was . She spent a lonely childhood excluded from nearly everything . She had no friends . She accepted the name-calling as part of her life and seemed to understand that crying or fighting back only made it worse . So she quietly endured it . She remembers that pain and humiliation well . "  As an adult , it 's hard to stand by silently when you know what these kids are going through , " Loker says . "  But it 's equally difficult to speak out when you do n't feel empowered to do so . " As she got older , the name-calling was more often behind her back than to her face . By the time she reached high school , she had learned there would be no friends , parties or dates for a girl who looked like a freak . "  It hurt , but there was nothing I could do to change it , " she says . While day-to-day encounters with strangers brought the same hurtful stares and comments , Loker was used to it . Then came a day with such cruelty it remains a vivid memory . "  For graduation my sister gave me a gift certificate for a manicure and pedicure . I 'd never had one before , and it was a wonderful experience . I left the spa feeling truly pretty for the first time in my adult life . " But less than a block from the salon , she encountered a carload of boys who slowed to look at her and began pointing and calling her names . Distraught , she walked as quickly as she could to get away from them , thinking all the while that she was not beautiful after all . "  The pretty nails made no difference at all . Shamed and humiliated , I realized I was still the same girl that everyone made fun of , " she recalls . "  I remember that day as one of the worst . " Talking to someone with a chronic illness But time can ease all wounds , and her determined spirit taught her to find the good around her . She has a core group of girlfriends and relatives who cherish her as she is . She speaks proudly of being able to provide for herself , thanks to her job at Rogers Communications , where she spends her days handling customer requests . The company was recognized this year as a diversity leader corporation , a recognition that only adds to Loker 's pride . There are many adventures in life that she is hesitant to embrace , even though she is physically able . She prefers not to shop alone . She has never been on a true vacation , saying the thought of one is scary . Yet it 's a feat she is determined to accomplish . She is saving now for a trip to California to visit either BlizzCon or Comic-con . "  I 'm kind of a geek and play the online MMO World of Warcraft with my sister and her husband , and we always talk about how cool it would be to go there , " she says . "  People dress up so I would feel ` normal ' , not out of place . " She 's quick to point out she has no interest in visiting a theme park geared toward children , where she 'd likely be subjected to stares as parents attempt to answer questions about her . She wishes she could open the dialogue about individuals with malformations by educating people , especially children , whose natural curiosity can eventually become cruelty if left unaddressed . "  Educating them early on would help them learn to be more tolerant of others who are different . The ability to love , share , bring happiness and help others is the real beauty of a person , " she says . "  The exterior does n't necessarily reflect the beauty that often lives inside . And when people fail to remember that , they can miss out on the love and friendship of a truly special person . " Crystal Loker agrees . "  Penny is truly beautiful . She 's always seeing the best in others and never has an unkind word for anyone . In Penny 's world , others always come first . She 's full of laughter and smiles . When you spend a day with her , you go home feeling good about yourself . " Loker welcomes the opportunity to teach all of us to see beyond the surface . But until then , she continues to hope for good days in her own life , which for her means days when she is ignored . "  When I go out to dinner with my friends and no one stares at me or asks to be moved to a table further away from me , that 's a good day , " she says . In spite of it all , Loker is quick to point out her many blessings : Being able to share a home with her family , having a job she loves , having good friends and a good health care system to help with the cost of a lifetime of surgeries . Her only regret ? "  I have so much love to give and I would love to share that with a family of my own . I understand it will probably never happen , and I 'm learning to accept it . But I am sad about it , " she says . "  It feels like the one great loss in my life . " Penny Loker will be on the CNN Facebook page for a live discussion Thursday night at 8 p.m. ET .	Birth defects left Penny Loker with a disfigured face Growing up , she endured cruel treatment from others She wishes she could open the dialogue and educate others about malformations Loker wants to be a wife and mother , but accepts that may never happen
Quito , Ecuador  CNN  -- Voters in Ecuador might have a chance to weigh in on a high-profile case of sibling rivalry . Fabricio Correa , 52 , filed paperwork to register a new political party Wednesday . His aim , he said , is to defeat his younger brother , incumbent President Rafael Correa , in elections next year . "  There is no legal security . There is too much corruption . Today , drugs are rampant . Crime has doubled . There is no investment . There are no jobs . The number of poor people has increased 50 % , " Fabricio Correa told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Wednesday . Court ruling in a libel case a victory for Rafael Correa Ecuadorian government officials declined to comment on those accusations . The spat between the two brothers has played out publicly for years , with each accusing the other of corruption . "  The Big Brother , " a book published by two journalists in 2010 , has fueled the feud . The investigation alleged that companies connected with Fabricio Correa had received preferential treatment , with more than $ 167 million in government contracts . The president denied that he knew about the contracts , called them unethical and terminated them . He also filed a libel lawsuit against the journalists who wrote "  The Big Brother , " but he pardoned them earlier this year . Fabricio Correa has contended that the contracts were terminated because one company , Cosurca , refused to pay a $ 1.5 million bribe to the government . On Wednesday , he repeated criticisms of his 48-year-old brother and other government officials . "  I have been taking care of my younger brother since he was little , and I have always know that he was like this . I thought that he had matured , and maybe he had , but the drug of power is very powerful , and even worse when he is surrounded by a perverse circle , " Fabricio Correa said . While the elder Correa has become a vocal member of Ecuador 's opposition , one political analyst said critics must do more to find common ground among opponents of the current administration . "  The opposition has not been able to assemble an appropriate team and create a unified party that can oppose Rafael Correa , " analyst Vladimir Serrano said . Looking toward the 2013 presidential elections , Fabricio Correa said Wednesday that ideology would not be an obstacle for him to gain supporters from different political backgrounds . "  I am like an archer . I stand in the center , and if they throw me one way , I fly to the right , and if they throw me to the other side , I fly to the left , " he said . Fabricio Correa said Wednesday that he had filed more than 200,000 signatures with election authorities Wednesday requesting approval for his political party , known as EQUIPO  the Spanish word for team  -- which he said stands for equality , progress and order . Election authorities have a month to evaluate the application .	Fabricio Correa files paperwork to register his political party The 52-year-old businessman says he wants to run for president His brother , Rafael Correa , is the incumbent The siblings have publicly accused each other of corruption
CNN  -- An unprecedented global crime wave threatens the most important natural places on Earth and we are failing in our efforts to stop it . Look past the drug wars , the counterfeiting industry and human trafficking and you 'll find one of the next biggest criminal enterprises in the world : the trade in illicit wildlife . Trafficking in wildlife and its body parts is exploding in popularity among global crime syndicates . Unlike other illicit trades , killing and selling parts from rhinos , tigers and elephants holds advantages for criminals : The product is poorly protected at its source , its trade is poorly regulated and wildlife crime is poorly investigated and lightly punished . For a hardcore criminal , illicit wildlife trafficking is a low-risk , high-reward bonanza . News : Rhino poaching hits record numbers in South Africa An analysis released Tuesday and commissioned by the World Wildlife Fund -- based on interviews with governments , military and civil society leaders -- underscores that illicit wildlife trafficking is not just an environmental problem , but a transnational crime issue . It compromises the security of countries and destroys natural wealth . INTERPOL and other law enforcement groups agree that the involvement of organized crime syndicates and rebel militias in wildlife crime to fund their activities and purchase weapons has increased . It also highlights that black market wildlife trade hinders sustainable , social and economic development . The violent nature of poaching reduces the effectiveness of governments , erodes the rule of law and affects the growth of local communities . Authorities estimate the illegal wildlife trade to be worth up to $ 10 billion annually -- or almost $ 20 billion if you count the illegal trade in timber and fisheries products . That puts it among the top illegal trades in the world . As a direct consequence of these profits , the killings are way up : Africa loses tens of thousands of elephants each year for their ivory , wild tiger populations have plummeted to as few as 3,200 and rhino poaching in Africa is exploding . News : Booming illegal ivory trade taking severe toll on Africa 's elephants For years South Africa boasted low rates of rhino poaching , with approximately 20 rhinos killed annually . In the past five years , the number has soared exponentially ; 618 rhinos have been poached in 2012 . Vietnam , China and Thailand drive much of the illegal wildlife demand but we should n't forget that Americans are complicit in this trade . After China , the United States may be the second largest market for wildlife products in the world , a significant percentage of which is illegal , including illicit ivory trinkets being sold in Manhattan and international rhino horn trafficking rings operating out of Los Angeles . We 're going to lose this fight if we do n't up our game . We need solutions as sophisticated as the criminals we face . Crime syndicates employ helicopters , night vision equipment and high capacity automatic weapons . Park rangers are vastly outgunned and often outmanned . There is a way forward that offers some hope . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has made this a strategic imperative for U.S. interests around the world , emphasizing it as a major national security issue , and we are beginning to engage other governments in this discussion . It goes far beyond the loss of animals . Poaching decreases food security for rural communities , and evidence points to the sale of ivory as a means of funding rebel militias in places like Central Africa . News : Thousands of crocodiles rescued from smugglers in China The private sector is taking notice . Google just announced a signature charity giving initiative , funding WWF in the development of cutting-edge technologies to help us detect and track both animals and poachers on the ground . This project will develop a new surveillance approach to greatly increase enforcement effectiveness by intercepting the poachers before they can do harm . This is a step in the right direction , but we 'll need governments to build not just the capacity but also the resolve to apply the technology and enforcement at a much greater scale . Across the world , we need to strengthen criminal investigation , prosecution and sentencing on wildlife crime . That means more money and resources for law enforcement to support , for example , specialized investigative and forensic methodologies . Simultaneously , we need awareness-raising campaigns to reduce demand , especially among consumers in Asia , and to use the best available market research to guide social media campaigns . We need governments on both the supply and demand side of this trade to work together and bring serious commitments to the table in March , when representatives for some 170 nations will come together in Thailand -- itself a major market for illegal ivory -- for the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species . Here they will aim to make good on the promises to get a handle on this epidemic . A major litmus test of the convention will be the nations ' ability to make convincing commitments to address all aspects of the crisis . News : Photographer documents trafficking of endangered animals in Asia We can roll back this wave of crime , but we 're far from making that happen . There are promising signs but we will need a sustained tenfold increase in efforts from consumers , communities , the private sector , and most importantly , from governments to stop the slaughter before it 's too late . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carter Roberts .	Carter Roberts : Wildlife trade a growing global criminal enterprise poorly addressed It 's an environmental problem and world crime issue , destroys nations ' natural wealth He says rebel militias , organized crime use funds from illicit wildlife trade ; rangers outgunned Roberts : Governments must use technology , enforcement to stem supply and demand
San Diego  CNN  -- Did Senate Republicans have too much bubbly on New Year 's Eve and pass a bill to avert the fiscal cliff that some in the GOP insist includes too much in new taxes without cutting spending ? Are House Republicans so stubborn in their pursuit of spending cuts that they 're ready to go to war with members of their own party ? In trying to avoid the fiscal cliff , House and Senate Republicans put the Grand Ole Party -- and the country -- on the brink of a political one . It 's never good for party unity when a House lawmaker jokes that his Senate colleagues passed a late-night measure because of "  partying and revelry and drinking " in the wee hours . Yet , that 's what California representative and House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa said in an interview on CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " When Wolf Blitzer asked Issa if he was suggesting that Senate Republicans were drunk when they voted , Issa backtracked and said : "  Of course not . I was just having a little fun with you , Wolf . " That 's hilarious . This guy must be the life of the party . But the rest of us still have to wonder whether , after the raucous fiscal cliff negotiations , his party has any life left in it . Politics : Debt debate starts now The House adjourned on Monday without voting on a bill to avoid the automatic tax hikes and deep spending cuts set to take place that midnight . The Senate burned the midnight oil and passed -- by a vote of 89 to 8 -- an emergency bill with more than $ 600 billion in new revenue over 10 years . The legislation also allowed the Bush-era tax cuts to expire for families making more than $ 450,000 annually . On New Year 's Day , House Republicans struck back and rejected the Senate bill as insufficient in its spending cuts . Only 85 Republicans voted in favor , while 151 voted against . With plenty of Democratic support , the measure passed . But it was over the objections of most House Republicans , who will surely fight for more cuts in spending during the fast-approaching debt ceiling negotiations . The bigger drama is still playing out . We 're seeing a civil war between Republicans , although at this point you really ca n't call it "  civil . " This is not a simple difference of opinion that can be papered over by inserting a few paragraphs into a bill . This is about different visions for what Republicans think their role should be when they 're out of power . Speaking of power , House Speaker John Boehner appears to be fresh out . After failing to get enough support from those in his own party for an alternative plan in the House , Boehner wound up going "  all in " on passing a bill . He must have thought that his speakership depended on not coming up empty-handed . Politics : Are the days of Congress ` going big ' over ? But Boehner might have lost a good deal of the support and confidence of his Republican colleagues . The formal vote on whether to keep him in the speaker 's chair is set for Thursday . House Majority Leader Eric Cantor just might be biding his time in the wings , after he split from Boehner and voted no on the Senate bill . Boehner let the pressure get to him . Just ask Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who is never at a loss for words , and usually the wrong ones . Reid accused of Boehner of running the House of Representatives like a "  dictatorship . " So when Boehner happened to bump into Reid , a few days before the fiscal cliff deadline , in a hallway of the White House , witnesses say the speaker told the Democratic majority leader to "  go f -- yourself . " Twice . It also does n't help build support or confidence in the speaker that he has proved to be no match for the chess skills of President Barack Obama , who always seems to have a pretty good idea of the opposition 's next move . So , when Obama staged a press event on New Year 's Eve to press for higher taxes on the wealthy as the House was deliberating , he had to know that the stunt would scuttle the process . That would have sent us over the cliff and ensure that Republicans got the blame . Checkmate . The trouble is , that 's not leadership . It 's gamesmanship . On this issue , as with many others , Obama the Master Politician confuses the two . To avoid the fiscal cliff , Senate Republicans offered a Band-Aid ; those in the House wanted to treat the wound . It would have been no excuse for shirking their duty and not passing a bill , but the Republicans in the lower chamber were on the right track . We have to deal sooner or later with the federal government 's runaway spending , but there 's no appetite for that in Congress . There never will be . In fact , for all the talk about whether to raise taxes on the wealthy , the real sticking point in this debate was what to do about spending we can no longer afford -- especially on programs such as Medicare and Social Security . Politics : New congress tackles old leftovers Lawmakers in both parties , who respect and fear the senior citizen lobby , wo n't have this conversation . So they would just as soon keep Americans distracted with an argument over who should pay what in taxes . Do n't be taken in . What Americans should really be thinking about at this moment is where all that money is going and whether we can keep paying those bills no matter how high the tax rates soar . Remember how it works with your own household budget . It 's not only how much comes in that matters ; just as important is how much goes out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Senate and House Republicans are warring over fiscal policy Navarrette : Senate GOP offered a Band-Aid for fiscal cliff ; House GOP wanted to treat the wound He says the House GOP is on the right track in trying to cut back federal spending Boehner 's role as speaker could be damaged by his vote on fiscal deal , he says
CNN  -- As Hayden Henshaw was being rushed to the doctor 's office after becoming ill , his father heard that his son 's classmates had been struck with the deadly swine flu virus like the one sweeping through Mexico . Swine flu commonly affects pigs and occasionally infects people in contact with pigs . Patrick Henshaw called his wife immediately to have Hayden checked for it . Later , they received the bad news . Hayden had become the third confirmed case of swine flu at his Texas high school . It is a virus that has killed 68 people in Mexico and infected at least eight people in the United States . Health officials arrived at the Henshaws ' house Friday and drew blood from the whole family , then told them to stay inside and away from the public , Henshaw told CNN . The whole family is quarantined indefinitely , according to CNN-affiliate KABB . Henshaw said his family was shocked when they got the news about their son . "  Stunned . My wife was having a panic attack , " Henshaw told the affiliate . U.S. health officials have expressed concern about U.S. cases of a swine flu virus that has similar characteristics to the fatal virus in Mexico . More than 1,000 people have fallen ill in Mexico City in a short period of time , U.S. health experts said . "  This situation has been developing quickly , " Richard Besser , acting director of the Atlanta , Georgia-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  , said Friday . "  This is something we are worried about . " Besser said all of the eight U.S. patients have recovered . Watch for more on the U.S. cases " New York health officials said Friday they were testing about 75 students at a school in New York City for swine flu after the students exhibited flu-like symptoms this week . A team of state health department doctors and staff went to the St. Francis Preparatory School in the borough of Queens on Thursday after the students reported cough , fever , sore throat , aches and pains . Test results are expected as early as Saturday . The new virus has genes from North American swine influenza , avian influenza , human influenza and a form of swine influenza normally found in Asia and Europe , said Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC 's Influenza Division . Swine flu is caused by a virus similar to a type of flu virus that infects people every year but is a strain typically found only in pigs -- or in people who have direct contact with pigs . There have , however , been cases of person-to-person transmission of swine flu , the CDC said . CNN 's David Alsup contributed to this report .	Texas teen is one of eight in U.S. diagnosed with swine flu Teen 's family ordered to stay away from public Dozens in Mexico have died from same strain of swine flu found in U.S. Officials say new strain has resisted some antiviral drugs
CNN  "  Uncle " Hammad , a local Bedouin camel farmer is staring at me as though I 've offended him . I 'm midway through a luxurious sand safari exploring the deserts of Dubai , and Hammad has been chatting to me over a traditional Emirati breakfast of cardamom-scented crepes slathered in date honey . I 've asked him how he 's been affected by Dubai 's transformation from desert outpost to international city in the space of 25 years , and now I 'm bracing myself for a lecture on the blight of modernity and how materialists like me are tainting his land . "  My grandfather had a tent and a camel ... " He pauses and raises his graying eyebrows at me , then his face crinkles into a sun-beaten smile . "  And I have a five-bedroom villa with AC , and a race horse ! Do you think I do n't like that ? " Turns out he 's a happy man . Dubai 's Bedouin are no longer dusty nomads searching for a home -- they 're now a part of the emirate 's modern landscape of glamorous golf estates , tall towers , shopping malls and theme parks . Despite appearances , their history and natural culture can still be explored , as I discovered a day earlier when I joined the Platinum Heritage safari team at the edge of the Dubai Conservation Reserve . Pristine desert The platinum part of this safari refers to the Reserve , Dubai 's most pristine desert , but could also refer to the five-star treatment we receive while exploring it . The heritage ? Open-top Land Rovers from the 1950s , bumblebee yellow or racing green , older than the unified country they 're driving across , wheels like concrete , sounding like lawn mowers . Before we set off , Sharaf , our Egyptian mirror aviator-shaded driver , brought out some black and white keffiye headscarves . As we wrapped ourselves under instruction , I cringed on the inside -- who does n't feel like a charlatan in another culture 's national dress ? -- but soon found out how necessary they were . When the cars pick up speed they throw up sand and the tail of the headscarf can be pulled over to give faces protection from the grit . There was to be no "  dune bashing " on this trip , explained Sharaf . Apart from the obvious incompatibility with these classic cars , it can be devastating to the desert eco-system . It kills off sensitive environments for animals living under ground , which make up 95 % of the land fauna found in the natural areas of Dubai . We weaved gently over dunes and stopped at various points for photographs . In some , the sands were golden , bare and desolate , scattered with the bones of petrified trees , disappearing in waves to the horizon . In other areas sands were tawny , shaded by giant ghaf trees and Arabian gums , with scrub protecting the tiny animals dwelling there . Aerial acrobatics At one meager watering hole , delicate gazelles and lumbering oryx waited on the perimeter . They were n't camera shy , but they would n't return until we left . Later we were driven to a higher point where carpets were arranged on the sand before a natural amphitheater . Falcons waited on a roost , hooded but untethered . DEWA the Peregrine  named after the local power company whose lines this lazy bird likes to sit on  and Wasp , a Barbary falcon , put on a show with their trainer as the sun disappeared over the city lights of distant Dubai . The birds never touched us , but beat our heads with bursts of air as they swooped close enough to make us squeal . At dusk we entered our camp for the night -- a stone-ringed compound established by Sheikh Butti al Maktoum , and provided to Platinum Heritage on the proviso that they provide a genuine insight to Emirati culture . We talked with the few other passengers and drivers over dates and gahwa  Arabic coffee  , before the ouzi  spiced , whole roasted lamb  was brought from its charcoal pit . In desert silence we ate traditional food , delicious and exotic -- even to me , a longtime resident of Dubai . As lgeimats  addictive little Emirati donuts  were brought out , we were entertained with traditional Khaleeji dances in which women sway their long , black hair , and Yolas , in which men tap rhythms with camel canes . We smoked shisha seated on rugs around a bonfire until the desert chill sent us to bed in our camelhair tent nearby . Scary driving The Platinum Heritage experience is different from many desert safaris on offer . The others range in the details and intensity , but the formula is usually the same -- pickup in a white Land Cruiser , travel in convoy to the edge of the desert where tires are deflated for traction in the sand . Drivers proceed to scare the wits out of tourists by throwing the cars over dunes in a way I 'm sure Toyota would revoke their warranties for . I once took a GoPro camera on one of these drives . All the footage I got was sand and sky , glimpses of the interior of the car and howls of a freaked out Scotswoman in the back seat , a broken record of "  No , no , no , no , no , no , nooooooo ! " punctuated by an occasional squeak or the sound of someone gagging . Some of these safaris then round off the terror with disappointment -- an evening in a fenced compound filled with camels and quad bikes , a low quality buffet , beers and a belly dancer from Russia . I 've been on too many of these , not realizing what I was really missing out on until now . The morning brings both sunshine and a clear head . The cold breeze of the night has cleaned the sands , leaving only the prints of mystery desert fauna . Hammad laughs and chatters as if we 're family , welcoming us into a culture that remains hidden for so many visitors to the UAE . He shows us that it 's there for anyone to find , they just need to know where to look . How to explore the sands Platinum Heritage offers a range of safari options , including the vintage Land Rover tours , private night safaris , dinner safaris , camel safaris , wildlife drives and Bedouin breakfasts and falconry experiences . If dune bashing and belly dancing are more your thing , Arabian Adventures is the largest operator . There are others . Those who prefer to do the driving themselves should get in touch with Off Road Zone , which runs half-day desert driving courses . Al Maha Resort offers the nature without the adventure , but with a whole lot of luxury . The resort is connected to the Dubai Conservation Reserve and has gazelles and oryx wandering free within its grounds . Prices start at about 6,000 AED  $ 1,600  per room per night .	Vintage Land Rover safaris explore the delicate sand dunes of Dubai Platinum Heritage organizes luxury excursions into the traditional world of the emirate 's Bedouin Retro safaris offer a gentler way of experiencing the area 's wildlife that so-called "  dune bashing " excursions
Do n't read too much into the conversation . That was the message Wednesday from Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet after a phone call between him and European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton was leaked . In the recording , which was posted to YouTube and picked up by Russian media , Paet talks about his recent visit to Ukraine . He says a doctor named "  Olga " told him opponents of Ukraine 's ousted President may have been responsible for deadly sniper fire . President Viktor Yanukovych fled more than a week ago in the wake of protests in Kiev 's Independence Square , where snipers from nearby rooftops killed scores of people . "  Olga  can say that it is the same handwriting , the same type of bullets , and it 's really disturbing that now the new coalition that -- they do n't want to investigate what exactly happened . There is now stronger and stronger understanding that behind snipers , it was not Yanukovych , but it was somebody from the new coalition , " Paet told Ashton . She replied : "  I think we do want to investigate ... I did n't pick that up . That 's interesting . Gosh . " Paet 's office released a statement Wednesday that confirmed the authenticity of the recording . It said the call took place on February 26 . "  Foreign Minister Paet was giving an overview of what he had heard the previous day in Kiev and expressed concern over the situation on the ground . We reject the claim that Paet was giving an assessment of the opposition 's involvement in the violence , " the statement read . "  It is extremely regrettable that phone calls are being intercepted , " said Paet in the same statement . "  The fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence . " Ashton 's office declined to comment on the conversation , saying she does not discuss leaks . CNN could not immediately reach the Ukrainian government for comment , nor could it confirm the identity of "  Olga . " Russia 's state-news agency RIA-Novosti said she was Olga Bogomolets , chief coordinator of medical aid at the main protest camp in Independence Square . CNN has previously talked to Bogomolets . She volunteered last month to treat protesters and accused forces of shooting to kill , saying she had treated 13 people she believed had been targeted by "  professional snipers . " "  They were shot directly to their hearts , their brain and to their neck , " she said . "  They did n't give any chance to doctors , for us , to save lives . " The recording is the second such recent leak on Ukraine . Early last month , a leaked audio recording of a phone call allegedly caught a U.S. diplomat to Europe using profanity to express strong frustrations with inaction and indecision by the European Union in resolving the crisis . In the conversation , voices closely resembling those of Assistant Secretary for European Affairs Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt discuss a plan to broker a deal between the Ukrainian government and the opposition . At one point the woman , who sounds like Nuland , can be heard saying "  f**k the EU . " The call could not be independently verified , and it was not clear when and where it was recorded . MAP : How Ukraine is divided	A call between Estonian Foreign Minister Urmas Paet and Catherine Ashton is leaked In the recording , Paet talks about his recent visit to Ukraine He says a doctor told him the opposition may have been behind deadly sniper fire Paet : "  The fact that this phone call has been leaked is not a coincidence "
CNN  -- A Jordanian court Thursday acquitted radical cleric Abu Qatada of charges of conspiracy to bomb an American school in the late 1990s , state media reported . Qatada , whose real name is Omar Othman , was also charged with a 2000 attempt to bomb millennium celebrations in Jordan . He will remain in jail pending a verdict on that case , according to Petra news agency . It did not say why he was found not guilty in the American school case . The cleric was deported from the United Kingdom last year , ending a years-long legal battle to force him to leave the country . A Jordanian national , he was wanted in his home country , where he had been convicted in absentia on two charges of conspiracy to cause explosions . Britain had been trying to deport him since 2001 , but his legal appeals kept him there until last year . In January 2012 , the European Court of Human Rights blocked Britain from sending him to Jordan over fears that evidence obtained by torture could be used against him at trial . British authorities said he raised funds for terrorist groups , including organizations linked to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and publicly supported militants ' violent activities . Videos of his preaching were found in a German apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks on the United States , including ringleader Mohammed Atta . Abu Qatada has denied the allegations against him . He arrived in the UK in 1993 and applied for asylum on the grounds that he had been tortured by Jordanian authorities . He came to Britain on a forged United Arab Emirates passport , according to court documents , and claimed asylum for himself , his wife and their three children . CNN 's Ali Younes contributed to this report	The radical cleric was deported from the United Kingdom last year He also faces charges linked to a 2000 attempt to bomb millennium celebrations in Jordan Videos of his sermons were found in an apartment used by some involved in 9/11 attacks
CNN  -- The "  conservagencia " is starting to give Jon Huntsman a second look . He deserves it . But the stirrings of respect may be too little , too late . Too bad , because he might stand the best chance of beating President Barack Obama . RINO hunting has become a reflexive sport inside the Republican Party . And so when Jon Huntsman entered the presidential race , the impulse was to smack him on style points as a Republican in Name Only . It made some sense on the surface -- after all , he was the former Obama ambassador to China , in addition to being the conservative former governor of Utah . At a time when tea party enthusiasm tended toward the hot , Huntsman was cool , promising a campaign of civility and ideas . He seemed to be courting independents and centrists at the outset of the GOP primary , openly dissing the anti-intellectualism of conservative populist candidates such as Texas Gov. Rick Perry and U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann . In one infamous tweet , he pined : "  I believe in evolution and trust scientists on global warming . Call me crazy . " All this was very out of step with the partisan tone of the times . And so his actual record as governor and his policy plans as candidate were overlooked . Forget the record of cutting taxes , reforming government , improving the business climate and balancing the budget . Forget that he was the one candidate with real-world foreign policy experience . He was an apostate in a cult-like atmosphere where any dissent is seen as disloyalty . No one was happier than the White House , which was apparently most worried about running against Huntsman  "  I think our guys were worried about Huntsman . I think he was the one who people were most worried about " recounted one Obama aide in Politico writer Mike Allen 's and author Evan Thomas ' new e-book , "  The Right Fights Back "  . So Huntsman had the buzz but no support -- he seemed stuck in the low single digits and even would-be supporters shrugged their shoulders . It seemed to say more about the current makeup of the Republican Party than it did about Jon Huntsman . After all , he was the first candidate to embrace U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan 's plan for deficit reduction . His jobs plan was touted by The Wall Street Journal in uncommon terms : "  Mr. Huntsman 's proposal is as impressive as any to date in the GOP Presidential field , and certainly better than what we 've seen from the front-runners . " He even had the guts to proclaim a determination to end the collusion and market distortion of "  Too Big to Fail " -- a cause that could unite Tea Partiers and Occupy protesters . But even though 70 % of Republican primary voters say that economic issues are their primary focus , Huntsman 's conservative substance could not seem to override the centrist style : He would not pander or throw radioactive red meat . Even the statistical analysis by the fivethirtyeight blog at The New York Times , which found Huntsman would have the best chance of actually beating Obama in the 2012 general election , did not seem to change hearts and minds . But as the revolving door of not-Romneys spun faster and faster , spitting out candidates from Bachmann and Perry to Herman Cain and Newt Gingrich , a desperate search for an electable conservative alternative to Romney commenced . And now , all of a sudden , the Utah governor has started to get some respect . CNN contributor Will Cain was an early advocate of Huntsman 's substantive record as a conservative , in contrast to the style he evinced at the start of his campaign . "  In this Republican primary , a candidate 's conservativeness seems to be measured by his venom toward Barack Obama , " Cain wrote in The Blaze . "  And I 'm afraid we 've elevated style to such a degree that it 's clouding our view of what is conservative . " RedState.org editor and CNN contributor Erik Erickson is another unexpected voice lately arguing that Huntsman might just be the real conservative in the race : "  His record as a governor is more conservative than Newt Gingrich and Mitt Romney combined . He is more pro-life than either of them . He is more economically wedded to the free market than either of them . He has better foreign policy experience than either of them . Huntsman should be a conservative hero in this race . " Conservative wise man George Will even seems to be making the case in comments delivered on the "  Laura Ingraham Show , " saying : "  I think if you look at Jon Huntsman 's record , what he 's laid out , his proposals for taxes and the economy , his opposition to No Child Left Behind , you could make a case that he deserves a searching second look from conservatives . Huntsman 's position on foreign policy is the most conservative . That is , it is the most modest in assessing the need and ability of the United States to control distant events . " Jon Huntsman is putting all his chips on New Hampshire , where he 's been inching forward in the polls . Unlike the Iowa caucus , it 's a state with an open primary where independents can vote and a principled center-right perspective might be rewarded . Tonight he will get a chance to shine in a Lincoln-Douglas style debate with Gingrich in New Hampshire . It might prove to be a highlight of the 2012 campaign -- a substantive and civil debate about ideas , providing more light than heat . As conservatives consider the choice between the two flawed front-runners , Gingrich and Romney , they might reconsider the wisdom of purging center-right candidates like Jon Huntsman on matters of style versus substance . In the process , they just might finally find the perfect marriage of ideology and electability for which they have been looking . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon says some conservatives are starting to give Jon Huntsman another look He says Huntsman a modern anomaly : a cool conservative with campaign of civility , ideas He says White House worries about him ; as GOP candidates fall , his prospects are rising Avlon : GOP is wary of Huntsman 's style , but should consider electability , substance
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- It was as if the giant crowd were celebrating a joyous occasion -- not a coming-together one month after a deadly earthquake . Thousands of Haitians , many of them smiling , gathered Friday at the center of Port-au-Prince to remember the 7.0-magnitude quake of January 12 that leveled most of their capital city . A sea of people waved their arms in the air , prayed , cried , sang and -- where space permitted -- danced . The earthquake is blamed for killing more than 212,000 people , injuring 300,000 and leaving more than 1 million homeless in the city of 3 million and surrounding communities . The memorial took place near where the stately National Palace lies in ruins and the Champ de Mars square has been turned into a huge homeless camp . Other memorials were taking place at shantytowns , and there were religious observations . Haitians were urged to wear black or white . There was an outpouring of aid from around the world after the quake -- more than 600 aid agencies rallied -- but , initially , much of their work was ineffective because of the chaos , including the disruption of the government after its buildings collapsed . Relief operations are improving day by day , a spokeswoman for the International Rescue Committee told CNN on Friday . "  Things -LSB- supplies -RSB- are moving now , and they are arriving to populations . The bottleneck has really , really decreased , " Aisha Bain said . "  About a month ago , when this quake destroyed the infrastructure of Haiti , it was very complicated to get aid in , " she said . Now , "  the ports and airports are n't at full capacity , but things are arriving and getting to populations . There is much more to be done , but food is coming in . " Food distribution areas are set up around the capital , she said . According to the U.S. ambassador to Haiti , food is now being delivered routinely to 16 sites daily , and Haitians are receiving two weeks of rations . The food is culturally appropriate , Kenneth Merten said . "  One month on ... I think we are in a very good place in terms of food distribution , water distribution and getting medicines out to needy hospitals , " he said . The United States is working with many nations and organizations to do that . "  The next issues we 're most concerned about are sanitation issues and shelter issues , " Merten said during a State Department news conference . As the rainy season approaches , "  we want to make sure we have reached and touched as many people as possible . " The rainy season comes with the approach of spring . The hurricane season begins June 1 . Relief workers are providing temporary camps with latrines and portable toilets , and that project is n't finished , Merten said . Bain said her organization also is trying to provide sufficient sanitation . "  We ... are working on a large-scale buildup of providing clean water , latrines , showers , hand-washing stations , which affect not only the livelihoods of basic survival but , really , health . There 's a massive concern of the possible outbreak of disease , and so we are working to combat that quickly . " Watch Bain talk about the situation in Haiti On Thursday , Nevada real estate developer Tom Schrade said he was donating three used Cirque du Soleil tents for use as a temporary headquarters for the government and a hospital in Port-au-Prince . They will provide a total of 33,000 square feet of space , he said . Medically , "  things have improved in a very good way , " compared with the period right after the quake , when doctors were dealing with broken bones , crushed limbs and other acute conditions , CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta said . The medical establishment is much more organized . However , recovery facilities are grossly inadequate , he said . Of the people lined up recently at one of Port-au-Prince 's largest public hospitals , most were suffering from chronic diseases such as diabetes . Many have never seen a doctor , he said . After treatment , most patients -- even those who have had major surgery -- end up in a temporary tent city that is dirty and lacks medications , follow-up care and nutritious food , Gupta said . Recent rain did n't help , he said , and there is fear that improvements wo n't be made before monsoons come . "  People are trying to recover in a temporary tent city that is increasingly becoming more permanent , " Gupta said .	Thousands unite in Port-au-Prince to remember 7.0-magnitude earthquake Quake killed more than 212,000 people , left more than 1 million homeless in city , nearby Anderson Cooper , Dr. Sanjay Gupta discuss Haiti news on "  AC360 , " 10 ET tonight Watch Angelina Jolie talk about her visit to Haiti on "  Amanpour , " Sunday at 2 p.m. ET
Most , if not all , super heroes wear cloaks and masks to hide their identity . But how about a burqa ? A new cartoon series in Pakistan is turning stereotypes on their head . It 's centered around a woman who does n't wear a burqa in the daytime but puts one on to transform into the "  Burka Avenger " - and what 's more , she 's fighting for female education . The cartoon is already the talk of the country and it has n't even launched yet . "  Burka Avenger " is a passion project of Pakistani pop star , Haroon . "  It was in 2010 and I was reading a lot of articles about girls ' schools being shut down by extremists so that was in my mind , " he told CNN after I met him at his studio . "  Living in Pakistan , all theses issues are staring you in the face constantly . So when you 're creating art , whether it be music or anything else like a cartoon TV series -- you want to incorporate social messages . I feel it 's my duty to try and make a positive difference . " School teacher by day , by night the Burka Avenger  spelled with a ` k '  dons a special burqa to protect girls ' schools , fighting the bad guys trying to shut them down . . "  The Burka Avenger is a character called Jiya , orphaned as a child , adopted by a Kabbadi master , who is a master of this mystic martial art that I created , called Takht Kabbadi -- the art of fighting with books and pens . It gives the message of the importance of education and that the pen is mightier than the sword , " Haroon says . The burqa can be a controversial item of clothing . For some , the burqa is a symbol of oppression . For others , it 's a symbol of freedom from sexism and being viewed as merely a sexual object -- ie . the burqa hides a woman 's body so that a person addresses her as a human being not an object of desire . I ask Haroon why he decided to dress her in one and he has an emphatic explanation . "  She does n't use the burqa because she 's oppressed . She uses it , she chooses to wear it to hide her identity the way superheroes wear their costumes to hide an identity . Like Batman or Catwoman , " he says . The Taliban have hijacked religion , Haroon tells me , and use it for their own agenda . When they rode into Swat in 2007 they burned down and bombed girls ' and boys ' schools , he continues . Their brutal campaign was stopped through a military operation in 2008 and 2009 but years later in 2012 they carried out an attack that shocked the world . They shot Malala Yousafzai . Haroon says he also chose the burqa as a way of addressing any argument of the fight for girls ' education in the cartoon being anti-Islamic . "  By wearing a burqa she is showing she is a Muslim woman and superhero . And that she stands for all the good things of Islam and the real Islamic values -- which are equality , woman 's rights , education and peace -- rather than the way Islam has been hijacked by radical elements , " he says . Haroon 's also teamed up with his celebrity friends to be the voices of the characters . Some of South Asia 's most famous musical talent also sing tracks to go with the cartoon . Rapper Adil Omar has written "  Lady in Black . " Rock star Ali Azmat sings a head-banging "  Baba Bandook , " translated as ` Old Man Gun , ' about one of the main characters who is trying to shut down girls ' schools . There are 13 episodes and aside from the ongoing battle for girls ' education , each covers a different issue affecting Pakistan , including discrimination , child labor , sectarian violence , electricity shortages and protecting the environment . "  These are really hard hitting issues and you think how can you talk about these issues in a kids ' show ? But it 's being presented in a very entertaining manner , full of adventure , comedy and fun , " Haroon says . Haroon says he hopes the cartoon will have an impact on Pakistani children who are unable to read or write either themselves or whose parents ca n't read them bedtime stories . And just like in fairytales , each episode has a moral at the end of the story . "  I remember when I was a child , my mother used to read me stories and at the end it would say , ` Ok , the moral of the story is this . ' I used to also read those stories as I learned to read as well . That really resonated with me and helped me figure out what my own morals and ethics are . " "  Unfortunately , with the literacy rate so low in Pakistan , a lot of children do n't have that opportunity with parents reading to them or reading themselves . In this show , I brought that in as well . At the end of each show . The Burka Avenger comes up and says ` Ok kids , the moral of this story or this episode was such and such . ' " The cartoon launches in mid-August , shortly after the Muslim festival of Eid ul Fitr .	New Pakistan cartoon features burka-clad heroine who champions female education Cartoon is a project of Pakistani pop star , Haroon , who wants to challenge stereotypes Show has 13 episodes and cover different social issues affecting Pakistan
EW.com  -- Though he picked up plenty of high-profile projects like "  Playboy , " "  The Firm " and "  Prime Suspect , " NBC Entertainment Chairman Robert Greenblatt knew he 'd have to answer for the one project he did n't greenlight : What the heck was wrong with Wonder Woman and why did n't it make the schedule ? Not surprisingly , Greenblatt was diplomatic about the reboot from Warner Bros. . TV and David E. Kelley  after all , the uber-producer is also the man behind Harry 's Law , which earned a second season pickup  . "  I hate to disappoint anybody . I know there are legions of fans of the original show , " Greenblatt told EW . "  I do n't know if it 's cursed or what . I just have this one experience . They made a really fine pilot and Adrianne Palicki did a fantastic job . You look at what you have , what you need , and it just did n't seem to fit in with what we were doing . "  We did what was best for the schedule , " Greenblatt continued . "  It does give one pause . You 're almost damned if you and damned if you do n't . It 's tricky . " Did Warner Bros. . TV make a mistake by releasing early pictures of Palicki in the costume ? Greenblatt is n't so sure . "  I was surprised there was such an uproar . But that did n't have anything to do with whether the show got picked up . I love that it got so much attention . All that engagment from people whether it was positive or negative was good . And she did ultimately have these little hot pants ... " Alas , we 'll never get to see them . Or will we ? Greenblatt says Warner Bros. . TV may shop the pilot elsewhere . So maybe Wonder Woman will live to fight another day on the small screen  assuming you want to see it  . Are you holding out hope ? See the original story on EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	NBC picks up projects "  Playboy , " "  The Firm " and "  Prime Suspect " Warner Bros. may shop pilot starring Adrianne Palicki elsewhere NBC chairman : "  You look at what you have , what you need , and it just did n't seem to fit in "
Melbourne , Australia  CNN  -- A grand slam finale that was n't supposed to be dramatic turned out to be one of the most memorable in recent history . Here Stanislas Wawrinka was , in his first major final at the Australian Open , facing world No. 1 Rafael Nadal -- who he had never even taken a set off in 12 previous matches . Nadal looked sharp in disposing of Roger Federer in the semifinals and not many thought he would n't complete the deal against the 17-time grand slam winner 's fellow Swiss , even if Wawrinka upset three-time defending champion Novak Djokovic in the quarterfinals . But not for the first time in Melbourne , an injury to Nadal early in an encounter hampered the Spaniard and Wawrinka opened his grand slam account with a stunning 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-3 victory . "  Bad luck was against me today but you really deserved it so congratulations , " Nadal , wiping away tears , told the crowd post match in a scene reminiscent of Federer 's runner-up speech in 2009 . "  Sorry to finish this way . I tried very , very hard . " But there was elation for Wawrinka . "  It 's quite crazy what 's happening right now , " the 28-year-old told reporters later . "  I never expected to win a grand slam . I never dreamed about that because for me , I was not good enough to beat those guys . " Read more : Wawrinka stuns Djokovic Federer complained about Nadal 's grunting Friday and when the 13-time grand slam winner received a time violation warning from chair umpire Carlos Ramos in the first game of the second set , some at Rod Laver Arena applauded . That was simply the start of the spectacle . Nadal clutched his back and called for the trainer going off court for treatment . When he returned , there were boos from some sections of the crowd , a rare , if almost unheard of , occurrence for Nadal . "  I can understand very well the reaction , " Nadal told reporters . "  They understood later that I was  hurt  . " He said he injured the back in the warm-up and the condition worsened as the first set progressed . "  Then at the beginning of the second set was the key moment that I felt , during a serve ... it was very stiff , very bad , " Nadal said . "  But it 's not the moment to talk about that . Stan is playing unbelievable . " During the medical timeout , Wawrinka jawed with Ramos , demanding to know what the injury was -- Ramos declined to tell the 28-year-old but tournament referee Wayne McKewen later obliged . A distraught Nadal could n't help but cry -- because of the injury -- and with little on his serve , Wawrinka coasted to the second set . Nadal must have flashed back to 2011 in Melbourne , when a leg injury sustained against David Ferrer in the quarterfinals ended his chances of achieving the "  Rafa Slam " -- four grand slam titles in succession . He missed last year 's tournament as he recovered from a knee injury . "  It 's true that I was not very lucky and this is a tournament that is painful for me , " said Nadal . Such was the state of Nadal that a first retirement in a men 's grand slam final in 24 years appeared a distinct possibility . "  The last thing I wanted to do was retire , " said Nadal . "  At the same time it 's tough to see yourself during the whole year working for a moment like this , and the moment arrives and you are not able to play at your best . " Nadal did n't call it quits , Wawrinka squandered break points in the opening game of the third and two more in the final game of the set . Nadal thereby maintained his streak of never losing a grand slam final in straight sets . Some consolation . Fireworks to mark Australia Day erupted at about the same time , and soon chants of "  Rafa , Rafa " filled the stadium . With Nadal , though , continuing to lack pace on his serve , Wawrinka broke for 5-3 and closed the match out with a winning forehand . "  It 's a final of a grand slam , so I 'm really happy to win it , " said Wawrinka . "  It 's not the way a tennis player wants to win a match -- because the opponent is injured . "  Rafa is a really good friend . But when it happens , you have to take it . It 's maybe once in my life I will appear in a grand slam final . " Not in 21 years had a men 's player ousted the top two seeds at a grand slam , Djokovic being the No. 2 . Nadal was thus deprived of a 14th major , which would have placed him joint second with Pete Sampras -- he was at Rod Laver Arena to present the trophies -- and three behind Federer on the men 's all-time list . Nadal 's plight Sunday is sure to dominate the headlines but Wawrinka 's performance should n't be forgotten . With more oomph on his ground strokes now than Federer and earning free points on serve , nerves were n't a factor in the first set . "  The Wawrinka we have now has nothing to do with the Wawrinka who lost 12 times to Rafa , " Patrick Mouratoglou , a Eurosport analyst and Serena Williams ' coach , told CNN . "  He beat Djokovic and for sure this really changed something in his belief and ability to win a grand slam . "  And if you look at his game , he has so much more pace on his shots  than Federer  , and that is so important against Rafa . " Good fortune does n't hurt at a grand slam , and Nadal 's ailment , combined with Wawrinka 's opponent retiring in the first round and his foe in the third round pulling out altogether , aided him . But Wawrinka -- who took Djokovic to five sets in two majors last year -- has become consistent under Swedish coach Magnus Norman and will rise to a career high No. 3 in the world when the new rankings are released , five spots better than Federer . Courtesy of Wawrinka , the Big Four stranglehold at grand slams this decade is over . His talent is evident and his achievement will surely be applauded . On Sunday , however , it was Nadal who still commanded much of the attention . Just not for the reasons we all thought . Read more : Li Na takes women 's title	Stanislas Wawrinka wins Australian Open men 's singles title against ailing Rafael Nadal Swiss claims first grand slam title in four sets 6-3 6-2 3-6 6-3 at Rod Laver Arena , Melbourne Tearful Nadal apologies to fans : "  Sorry to finish this way . I tried very , very hard . " Wawrinka : "  It 's quite crazy what 's happening right now . I never expected to win a grand slam . "
CNN  -- Former Argentina coach Diego Maradona has agreed a two-year deal to manage Dubai-based Al Wasl , according to the club . Maradona , who is widely acknowledged to be one of the finest players the game has ever seen , spent the weekend negotiating with club officials in the United Arab Emirates . The 50-year-old , who led his native Argentina to the quarterfinals of the 2010 World Cup where they were beaten 4-0 by Germany , has signed a two-year contract and will be unveiled in June . Maradona represented his country 91 times as a player , scoring 34 goals , and led Argentina to a World Cup triumph in 1986 . His playing career lasted 21 years and he played in Spain for Barcelona , and for Napoli , in the Italian League . " Al Wasl Sports Club is proud to announce the appointment of Diego Armando Maradona as head coach of Al Wasl Football Club , in a momentous development that will see the football legend lead the team for the next two seasons , " a statement reported by AFP said . The club 's vice-chairman Marwane Ben Bayatt , who conducted discussions with Maradona , added : " Al Wasl Sports Club has become synonymous with achievements of this caliber , and we are very pleased to be welcoming Maradona to a long line of accolades in the club 's history . " This partnership embodies the vision of the club as it embraces forward thinking developments in the region to establish unprecedented standards for the sport . " Maradona was fired after Argentina 's crushing defeat to Germany and has been linked with a number of jobs in England and Iran since . Al Wasl currently sit fourth in UAE 's domestic league and have been managerless since Brazilian Sergio Farias was fired in March . They were crowned Gulf Champions last year .	Diego Maradona will be the new coach of Dubai-based Al Wasl , the club say Former Argentina coach has reportedly signed a two-year deal Maradona was sacked as Argentina coach after they lost 4-0 to Germany at the World Cup
EW.com  -- While rampant speculation on who is or is not in the running for the role of Finnick Odair in "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " continues to set the Internet ablaze , producers have reportedly made their first offer for another pivotal role in the sequel . According to multiple reports , Oscar-winner Philip Seymour Hoffman has been asked to play Plutarch Heavensbee , the new Gamemaker at the Capitol after Seneca Crane  Wes Bentley  was creatively executed at the end of The Hunger Games . Plutarch is a far savvier political animal than his predecessor , and he plays a crucial role in the events of Catching Fire . Hoffman just ended a widely acclaimed run playing Willy Loman in Arthur Miller 's "  Death of a Salesman " on Broadway , so why not take the summer off and then hop onto one of the biggest movie franchises in Hollywood ? Should the deal go through , it will be the first major new role cast in Catching Fire . Director Francis Lawrence is due to begin shooting the film later this fall . Lionsgate had no comment . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Oscar-winner Philip Seymour Hoffman has been asked to play Plutarch Heavensbee The Internet is still rampant with speculation on who will play Finnick Odair Hoffman just ended an acclaimed run in Arthur Miller 's "  Death of a Salesman "
The Supreme Court waded cautiously back into the larger debate over abortion on Wednesday . A number of justices raised concerns about a Massachusetts state law preventing activists from crossing a 35-foot buffer zone around reproductive health clinics . During an intense hour of oral arguments , Massachusetts officials said the issue was more about public safety and pedestrian access on local sidewalks . Anti-abortion supporters countered their free speech rights were being violated . What the high court decides in coming months could affect a broader range of free speech arenas -- over issues such as war , taxes , corporate bailouts and elections -- where the location of the message is often key . "  There was a considerable history of disturbances and blocking the -LSB- clinic -RSB- entrance , " said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg of the Massachusetts case . "  So the state is trying to say : We want to make sure that the entrance is not blocked , and the only way we can do that is to have a rule that applies to everyone . We ca n't screen people to know who will be well behaved and who will be disruptive . " But Justice Samuel Alito said the law was not content-neutral , since clinic workers can talk to patients inside the marked boundary , but not the protesters . "  This statute says that there is an exemption for employees of the facility if they are operating within the scope of their employment , " he told the state 's attorney . "  And surely coming out and saying this is a safe facility -LSB- to enter -RSB- is within the scope of their employment . So how do you justify that ? Forget about the conduct now , focus on the speech that 's allowed . One can speak and say it 's safe . The other can not speak and say it is not safe . " Eleven such women 's health clinics across Massachusetts are covered by the fixed buffer zones . The current state law strengthened earlier restrictions that had created a floating 6-foot protective bubble around clinic patrons approaching the facility . Abortion rights supporters said it was ineffective , since they claimed it led to blocked entrances and a gauntlet of protesters surrounding patients and staff . Some past anti-abortion protests have turned violent in the United States . The state 's 2007 revised "  selective exclusion law " makes it a crime for speakers other than clinic "  employees or agents ... acting within the scope of their employment " to "  enter or remain on a public way or sidewalk " within 35 feet of "  a reproductive health care facility . " Anti-abortion activists say the law has kept them from effectively talking with patients approaching the clinic entrances . At the Greater Boston Health Center , a clear yellow semicircle on the sidewalk surrounds the front entrance . One of the regular activists -- and lead plaintiff in the appeal -- is Eleanor McCullen , is a lifelong Catholic who generally spends mornings two days a week peacefully spreading her anti-abortion message . With a large cross around her neck , the 77-year-old grandmother often uses a baby stroller as a prop , along with a portable DVD player with images of a fetal ultrasound . On a recent day , she was seen standing at the edge of the buffer , handing out pamphlets and carrying a baby 's knit cap . Yet on Wednesday , McCullen was inside the courtroom to witness the pointed debate from the bench . Her lawyer , Mark Rienzi , told the court : "  A law that makes it illegal to even engage in consensual conversation , quiet conversation , on a public sidewalk , an act that makes that a criminal act for which Mrs. McCullen can go to prison , I think , is not permissible under the First Amendment . " Echoing the state 's position , Justice Elena Kagan asked : "  It 's a little bit too hard to figure out what and what does not disrupt peace and order , so we 're just going to say 25 feet around a funeral , or 25 feet around any facility , that that 's never permissible ? " Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Stephen Breyer pointed out the high court 's 2011 near-unanimous opinion favoring the right of the Westboro Baptist Church to loudly protest at the funerals of military service members killed in war , however hateful and disgusting their speech may be . The court said even there , reasonable access regulations were necessary . "  I thought it was pretty important that the demonstrators were behind a hill somewhere and the police restricted where they could go , " said Breyer , not too close to the funeral . "  Many states have enacted similar laws , and I thought that 's important . " Some justices worried the Massachusetts buffer was too large , and that other less restrictive means might be available and still ensure public safety . "  I 'm a little bit hung up on why you need so much space , " Kagan told state attorney Jennifer Grace Miller . "  You know , 35 feet is a ways . ... That 's a lot of space . " "  Surely you could have a law against screaming and shouting within 35 feet or protesting within 35 feet . Is n't that more narrowly tailored ? " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  What these people want to do is to speak quietly and in a friendly manner , not in a hostile manner , because that would frustrate their purpose , with the people going into the clinic . " Scalia called the buffer a "  dead speech zone . " Justice Anthony Kennedy was especially animated , sharply questioning the views of the state and of the federal government in support of the buffer zones . "  Do you want me to write an opinion and say there 's no free speech right to quietly converse on an issue of public importance ? " he asked at one point . "  In speech cases , when you address one problem , " like public safety , "  you have a duty to protect speech that 's lawful . " Handicapping the outcome may be hard in this case because Chief Justice John Roberts -- generally an active questioner -- remained silent during the entire argument , and thus not revealing his views . Justice Clarence Thomas -- who generally sides with the conservative bloc -- also said nothing Wednesday , as was his custom . After arguments Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley said the state law would apply "  in other areas like in voting or in protest areas where the interests in making sure that we have public safety , we have an orderly ability for people to go about their business has been balanced , just the way we did it in this statute . " But McCullen told CNN her ability to counsel women who are walking inside the clinic was being impeded . "  I only get so far -- and they are listening because they do n't really want to go in , " she said . "  They need somebody to care for them and I care . I truly care . But then when we get to the buffer zone I have to stop , and then they keep going and I lose . And one person lost -- one mother and one father that I can not help -- is one too many . " Demonstrators have appeared regularly at clinics in Boston , Springfield , and Worcester and say they are unfairly singled out for exclusion on public property . The last time the high court took a close look at the issue was in 2000 , upholding Colorado 's broad "  no approach zone " regulations . Similar to the earlier Massachusetts law , protesters were kept at least eight feet from anyone within 100 feet of any health care facility . Municipalities in Montana , Florida , California and elsewhere have since enacted similar "  fixed " and "  floating " buffer zone laws for clinics . The justices last month heard arguments in a separate appeal involving a longtime anti-war protester kept from spreading his message along a public right-of-way at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California . The sidewalk outside the U.S. Supreme Court itself is the scene of daily anti-abortion protests sponsored by Bound4Life , where mostly young Christian adults stand silent wearing red tape across their mouths with the handwritten word "  LIFE . " And next week 's 41st anniversary of the Roe v. Wade high court ruling legalizing abortion will attract thousands of marchers on both sides of the issue outside the court , just across the street from the Capitol . The Massachusetts case is McCullen v. Coakley  12-1168  .	Justices hear oral arguments on Massachusetts law restricting activists State officials say issue more about public safety than free speech rights Court decision could have broad impact on other issues that attract demonstrators
CNN  -- A Florida primate sanctuary on Thursday maintained its chimpanzee named Cheetah , who died last week , was more than 80 years old and acted in the Tarzan movies during the 1930s , amid doubts about his age . Cheetah died Saturday after suffering kidney failure the week before , the sanctuary said on its website . Several chimpanzees appeared in various Tarzan movies , many of which were popular in the 1930s and 1940s . Debbie Cobb , outreach director at the Suncoast Primate Sanctuary in Palm Harbor , Florida , said Cheetah appeared in the Tarzan moves from 1932 through 1934 , meaning he was older than 80 . "  I 've been around this chimp for 51 years , so we know he 's 51 , and he was an adult when I met him , " Cobb said . But several primatologists said Thursday they were skeptical that Cheetah was in his 80s when he died . Chimps commonly live into their 40s , and in captivity they can live up to age 60 , according to Friends of Washoe , a nonprofit organization dedicated to the welfare of chimpanzees . "  It 's hard to doubt folks who are caring for the chimp if they say they 've had the chimpanzee that long consistently -- I 'm not in any position to question it , " said John Mitani , a primatologist at the University of Michigan . "  What 's a bit surprising about the story is that the chimp is reported to be as old as it is . " He said it would be "  quite remarkable " to find a chimpanzee anywhere who could live to 80 . Cobb said her grandparents acquired Cheetah for the sanctuary in about 1959 or 1960 . "  They used to pick up their own animals , " she said . She told CNN affiliate WFLA that Cheetah came from the estate of Johnny Weissmuller , who played Tarzan in movies through 1948 with other chimpanzees . Weissmuller -- the first speaking Tarzan , according to the Internet Movie Database website -- died in 1984 . Steve Ross , a primatologist at the Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago and a leading authority on chimpanzees , administers the Chimpanzee Studbook , a record of chimpanzees who live in North American zoos . He said "  only a small handful " of chimps in records dating to 1901 have even approached 70 . "  I think in that light , it 's a pretty unlikely claim " that Cheetah was older than 80 , Ross told CNN . The likelihood of a chimp living to 80-plus is "  slim to none , " said Mireya Mayor , a primatologist who has worked with National Geographic . Said Mary Lee Jensvold , dierctor of the Chimpanzee and Human Communication Institute in central Washington state , "  It makes me scratch my head a little bit . " Cobb said the life expectancy of chimpanzees can be higher in sanctuaries because of the quality of care they receive . At Suncoast , they are fed five times a day and receive attentive care . "  They can go so long , and they can mask illnesses so greatly , " Cobb said . Another chimpanzee in a Florida sanctuary named Little Mama is said to be 74 years old and believed to be the oldest living chimp now , said Jennifer Berthiaume , a spokeswoman for the Lion Country Safari in Loxahatchee . Ross said even Little Mama 's age is "  pushing it a little bit , " and Mitani said that age exceeds what scientists have been able to document . Another chimpanzee named Cheeta lives on a primate sanctuary in Southern California named C.H.E.E.T.A  Creative Habitats and Enrichment for Endangered and Threatened Apes  , both named after the chimp character in the Tarzan movies . The California sanctuary 's creator , Dan Westfall , said on its website that he was saddened to hear of Cheetah 's passing in Florida . He said he and others at the sanctuary "  send our deepest sympathies to our colleagues at Suncoast . " Westfall said he was told his Cheeta was one of the original chimps in the Tarzan movies during the 1930s and 1940s . But when he began working with Washington Post writer R.D. Rosen on Cheeta 's biography several years ago , research revealed "  that our Cheeta is unlikely to be as old as we 'd thought , although he is clearly old , " Westfall wrote . "  It is also difficult to determine which movies , if any , our Cheeta may have been in , " Westfall wrote . Cobb said several primates at her Florida sanctuary have been in the entertainment industry . "  To me , they 're all celebrities , " she said . On the Cheetah matter , she said , "  We know there 's going to be naysayers . We do n't run in that mode . "	A Florida primate sanctuary maintains Cheetah was 80-plus Primatologists say they are skeptical about the claim Primatologists say chimps in captivity can live up to age 60 Cheetah acted in Tarzan movies in the 1930s , a sanctuary official says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of refugees on Wednesday blocked a main road in northwest Pakistan , to protest living conditions for some of the 1.5 million Pakistanis forced to flee their homes in the past three weeks . The refugee situation in Pakistan could be a bigger threat than fighting with Taliban , U.N. says . "  The government has been making big promises , but none of those were ever fulfilled , " said Hazrat Bilal , a protester and refugee whose family has taken up temporary residence in a primary school . The refugees had blocked the main road in Pakistan 's Mardan district since 8 a.m. Wednesday , Bilal said by telephone . The demonstrators were demanding food , water and other government services , he said . Mardan is a main transit point for the large numbers of Pakistanis fleeing the Swat Valley , the site of fierce fighting between Taliban militants and Pakistani soldiers . The first pictures from the fighting " The refugee crisis could pose a bigger threat to stability in Pakistan than the war itself , U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres told CNN while touring a refugee camp in the nearby Swabi district last week . The Pakistani government has been working with international aid agencies to establish camps for refugees , where tents , food , water and basic medical services are provided . But the scale and speed of the displacement -- said to be the worst since the Rwandan genocide in 1994 -- have overwhelmed aid workers , Guterres said . "  The scale of the problem is such that all our resources combined can not cope with it . And it 's very important for this population not to feel abandoned , " Guterres said . "  Without massive support of the international community for the Pakistani people , this will become a very dramatic problem , and not only a humanitarian problem . " On Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced $ 110 million in humanitarian aid for Pakistani refugees . She also unveiled a system that lets Americans donate to the U.N. refugee effort , by sending a text message on mobile phone , including the word "  Swat . " Meanwhile , Pakistan 's military said it was continuing the assault on Taliban militants . Pakistani forces have targeted regional Taliban commander Maulana Fazlullah and Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan , but have "  no information about whether we have been successful , " said the spokesman , Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas . He said 80 "  terrorists " were killed Tuesday night in "  intense fighting " in the town of Sultanwas , located in Buner district . One Pakistani soldier was also killed in recent fighting , Abbas said .	Nearly 1.5 million Pakistanis have registered as displaced since May 2 , U.N. says U.N. believes refugee crisis could be bigger threat than fight with Taliban United States is sending $ 110 million in aid to Pakistan
CNN  -- Sixteen people were wounded and a guru was shot to death in an outbreak of violence between rival Sikhs at an Indian temple in Vienna , Austria , police said . Austrian police secure the area outside a Sikh temple in Vienna where a shooting occured Sunday . Six people were arrested in connection with the incident , which occurred about 1:20 p.m. local time  7:20 a.m. ET  Sunday in Vienna 's 15th district , police spokesman Schwaig Hofar told CNN . One armed suspect fired at two gurus , and five other knife-wielding suspects attacked congregants during prayer , Hofar said . One of the gurus , a 57-year-old Sikh preacher , was killed . The number of wounded includes four of the suspects , two of them in serious condition , he said . About 150 people were in the room when the violence took place , he said . Authorities are investigating what triggered the attacks . CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report .	Police : One suspect fired at two gurus , while five suspects attacked with knives One of the gurus , a 57-year-old Sikh preacher , was killed Police : About 150 people were in the room when the violence took place
A suspected Nazi war criminal died in Philadelphia overnight Tuesday , just hours before a U.S. court ruling cleared the way for him to be extradited to Germany to face trial . Johann Breyer , 89 , died at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital of unknown causes , according to James Burke of the U.S. Marshals Service . On Wednesday , U.S. Magistrate Judge Timothy Rice granted the U.S. government 's request for an extradition certification "  based on Breyer 's role as a Nazi ` Death 's Head Guard , ' in the murder of 216,000 European Jews at the Auschwitz II-Birkenau death camp " and one other location from 1943 to 1945 . "  As outlined by Germany , a death camp guard such as Breyer could not have served at Auschwitz during the peak of the Nazi reign of terror in 1944 without knowing that hundreds of thousands of human beings were being brutally slaughtered in gas chambers and then burned on site , " Judge Rice said in court documents released Wednesday . He was facing 158 counts of contributing to murder , one charge for each trainload of European Jews who were forcibly deported to Auschwitz , in southern Poland , between May and October 1944 , according to court documents . Breyer 's attorney was not immediately available for comment Wednesday . An exact extradition date had not been set . Breyer was arrested in Philadelphia last month and held without bail . He was awaiting the extradition hearing when his health deteriorated and he was transferred to the hospital on Saturday . He had lived in the United States since the 1950s , most recently with his family in a red brick row house in northeast Philadelphia . The U.S. case against Breyer dates to the 1990s , when federal authorities sought to strip him of his U.S. citizenship , arguing that Nazis were not eligible . Breyer maintained his citizenship , however , after he was able to establish that his mother was born in Pennsylvania and returned to Germany before World War I . After World War II , Breyer migrated to the United States in 1952 and claimed citizenship as a displaced person . Authorities alleged that he admitted to serving as a guard but deliberately made false statements to minimize his role in the Holocaust . Philadelphia man accused of war crimes as Nazi death-camp guard Owner of art collection suspected to contain Nazi loot dies An extraordinary story of Holocaust defiance	Alleged Nazi war criminal Johann Breyer , 89 , died overnight Tuesday Hours later , a federal judge granted a United States ' request for his extradition Breyer , an accused guard at a Nazi death camp , faced 158 counts of contributing to murder
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The new commander of U.S. forces in Korea stood just feet away from North Korean soldiers on Friday . Just one day after Gen. James D. Thurman was installed as the head of the United Nations Command/Combined Forces Command/United States Forces Korea , he visited the border between North and South Korea . That area , better known as the DMZ , or Demilitarized Zone , is somewhat ironically named , considering it may be one of the most heavily fortified areas in the world . As Thurman arrived at the truce village of Panmunjom and entered the building where the armistice that ended the Korean War was signed in 1953 , North Korean soldiers , some with binoculars , watched through the windows from their side of the border , behind a simple concrete threshold . They also took photographs -- the usual North Korean response to VIPs visiting the area . Standing at an observation post overlooking North Korea , the general said , "  I thought it very important that I come to the DMZ to observe first-hand the readiness levels and the training and the leadership of the ROK  Republic of Korea  military and U.S. participation so I have a better understanding of the mission . " U.S. and South Korean soldiers briefed Thurman on the security situation there . When asked to characterize the current North Korean threat , Thurman said it was important "  to maintain the deterrence " but also expressed hope the threat would diminish some day . Despite the armistice signing , North and South Korea have been technically at war since 1950 , and recent attempts at peace talks have repeatedly failed . Tensions have remained high on the peninsula since North Korea carried out two attacks on the South last year , killing 50 South Koreans .	Gen. James D. Thurman is the new commander of U.S. and U.N. forces in Korea Thurman visited the DMZ , the tense border between North and South Korea , on Friday North Korean soldiers stood just feet away from Thurman , watching him and taking pictures Despite a 1953 armistice , the two Koreas have technically been at war since 1950
CNN  -- If you 're spending all your time wading through risqué photos , crazy rants and awkward posts , it 's probably time to reassess your posse of Facebook pals . "  Ask yourself what your true motivations are for being virtual friends , " says Andrea Bonior , Ph.D. , a licensed clinical psychologist and author of "  The Friendship Fix . " Keep this handy cheat sheet as a guide when you next log on : Who : Your kid 's teacher Why friend ? : You hit it off at the school fair , so friending her could be the next logical step . The lowdown : Sharing on Facebook could become uncomfortable , especially if an issue arises at school . "  The teacher may feel it 's difficult to be objective about your child or that you 're asking for special treatment , " explains Bonior . Parenting.com : 30 + iPhone apps for kids Who : The weekend babysitter Why friend ? : She 's sweet with your kids and lives down the block , so what 's the harm ? The lowdown : It 's fine to poke around online before you hire -- many potential employers do this -- but decline her friend request . "  You 're bound to see a post or photo that makes you cringe , and it could ruin your relationship , " says Bonior . Who : The moms in your kid 's class Why friend ? : It seems like a good idea to meet new people and keep tabs on your kids . The lowdown : This one 's a yes , but be selective . Pick  and accept  only the moms you 're already friendly with . You 're not going to bond with the whole parent body online and should n't risk annoying potential future playdates with your posts . Parenting.com : Is media violence damaging to children Who : Your family pediatrician Why friend ? : Between sick visits , vaccines and earaches , you 're in her office every month ! The lowdown : Are n't those exams enough sharing ? Facebook is n't the avenue for medical communication , and unless you go out for drinks regularly with your kid 's doctor , she simply should n't be a part of your social life -- period . Parenting.com : Do you ever experience "  Facebook Envy ? " Who : An old boyfriend Why friend ? : He was a hoot in high school ! He 's still kind of cute ! It 's only Facebook , right ? The lowdown : If either of you is married , then no . The posts or pictures could hurt your partner 's feelings . "  Many people have a hidden agenda for finding and friending an ex , so be honest about why you 're reaching out , " says Bonior . Parenting.com : How to handle awkward mom moments Plus : Facebook 's privacy controls have been revamped . Here 's the takeaway : • A new icon links directly to privacy settings , so it 's faster to use than the current drop-down arrow near the home tab . • A Request Removal tool allows you to ask whoever uploaded unauthorized photos of you to delete them . • Notices can alert you if content you want to hide from your timeline might still appear in news feeds . • Facebook apps now have to make two requests to access your info and post to your account . Get 2 FREE YEARS of Parenting magazine - Subscribe Now !! Copyright 2011 The Parenting Group . All rights reserved . Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .	A parent 's Facebook newsfeed is a relations minefield School politics can make friending teachers uncomfortable Family doctors should not be a part of your social life
CNN  In 1982 , songwriter San Bao fell in love with musical theater -- then an alien art form in China -- when he saw a videotaped version of CATS , which became the longest running musical in Broadway history . Fast forward three decades , and San Bao , who has enjoyed a successful career writing pop songs and helming music production at the Beijing Olympics , wants to make home-grown musicals to rival some of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's biggest hits . "  This is what I want -- a real musical with Chinese characteristics , " he told CNN . San Bao has made seven musicals since 2005 and his latest "  Nie Xiaoqian and Ning Caichen " -- currently on tour in China -- draws on a collection of supernatural tales written during the early Qing Dynasty . Underwritten by government funding , none of his musicals has yet made a profit , let alone smashed box-office records -- although a 2005 production called "  Butterflies " made it to South Korean stages in a 2008 tour . "  It takes time for people to appreciate this art form , " said San Bao . "  Ten years ago , nobody in China would spend money buying a movie ticket , but now ? People do n't talk about what movies they watched but about which ones they missed . " READ MORE : Shanghai Culture Plaza : Building Asia 's Broadway Rave reviews Some Broadway shows have captivated Chinese audiences . French revolution epic "  Les Miserables " was a hit when it debuted in Shanghai in 2002 . More recently , a Chinese-language version of "  Mamma Mia ! " that toured in August 2011 grossed 20 million yuan  $ 3.2 million  in less than a month and according to the China Daily , a 2013 production of "  The Phantom of the Opera " sold out five months before its premiere . But high ticket prices mean these shows reach a limited audience , and it 's typically only the most accessible Broadway hits that resonate with a Chinese audience , says Zhou Yinchen , the head of the Folk Music and Musical Research Center at Peking University 's Academy of Arts . " ` Mamma Mia ! ' is entertaining , that 's why Chinese accept it , " she says . "  Of course there are other Broadway musicals but it 's only those with the highest entertainment value work in China , " she adds . Nonetheless , the rave reviews audiences have given to these shows make musical producers like San Bao confident that combining Broadway showmanship with Chinese plot lines will one day result in a sure-fire hit . Cartoon character As well as China 's imperial past , San Bao has also made shows about a Chinese cartoon character similar to Tintin , and the Chinese Communist Party 's Long March -- a 6,000 mile journey that helped cement Mao Zedong 's stature as a great leader . San Bao says one of the biggest challenges he faces is the dearth of all-round performers . Few Chinese actors and actresses have equally strong singing and dancing skills that musical theater requires , he said . And while China does offer some undergraduate courses in musical theater , these departments are relatively new and the level of expertise is not deep . Xu Luyang , a classical music critic , also says that musical productions often ca n't afford the high pay necessary to attract top talent . "  The musical industry is China is still immature , " he said . Rather than continuing to rely on the government 's largesse , San Bao says he is looking for investors to fund his next project and hopes that will give him freer creative rein . "  The reason why I produce musicals and will keep doing it is because I like it very much . " READ MORE : ` Spin ' : Chinese musicals take center stage Serena Dong reported from Beijing , Katie Hunt wrote from Hong Kong .	China has no musical theater tradition , although musicals like "  Mamma Mia ! " have been big hits San Bao wants to combine Broadway showmanship with Chinese plot lines He 's produced seven musicals since 2005 and his latest is on tour
CNN  -- Brace yourselves , "  Big Bang Theory " fans : Production on the CBS comedy has been put on pause . Warner Bros. . Television , which shares a parent company with CNN , has confirmed that because of "  ongoing contract negotiations , " production on "  The Big Bang Theory 's " eighth season has been postponed . It was originally scheduled to begin on Wednesday . In March , CBS renewed "  The Big Bang Theory , " which has been viewers ' No. 1 comedy since the 2010-2011 season , for three more years . But according to The Hollywood Reporter , which first reported on the production holdup , stars Jim Parsons , Kaley Cuoco , Johnny Galecki , Kunal Nayyar and Simon Helberg have yet to reach a new contract deal with WBTV . THR has heard that Cuoco , Galecki and Parsons are seeking a sizable pay increase that would take them from $ 325,000 per episode to up to $ 1 million per episode , in addition to having a piece of backend profits . Helberg and Nayyar are also said to be negotiating for a pay raise , while stars Mayim Bialik and Melissa Rauch reportedly landed a pay hike last September . It is n't known how long the production delay will last , but CBS has already scheduled the comedy to return on September 22 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Contract negotiations have postponed production on "  The Big Bang Theory " WBTV did n't specify how long the delay would last CBS has "  The Big Bang Theory " scheduled to return on September 22
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A German cruise liner said Tuesday it plans to fly its passengers over the Gulf of Aden , instead of sailing them through , out of fear of pirate attacks in the region . U.S. Navy image of pirates operating off coast of Somalia in October this year . Hapag-Lloyd Cruises said all 246 passengers and most of the crew aboard the MS Columbus , currently at the start of an around-the-world cruise , will disembark at an undisclosed port , then fly to Dubai to continue their journey . The company called the move a precautionary measure . Pirate attacks in the waters off Somalia have shot up this year , with pirates staging increasingly bolder attacks on ever-bigger targets . So far this year , pirates have attacked almost 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and successfully hijacked nearly 40 , according to the International Maritime Bureau . Freight and cargo ships , cruise liners , and private yachts have all come under attack . In many hijackings , pirates take the crew and passengers hostage while they demand a ransom . The problem has forced companies like Hapag-Lloyd , that use the Gulf of Aden , to make new plans , including stepping up security or changing their routes . One shipping company announced last month it would bypass the region altogether , sailing instead around the Cape of Good Hope and adding thousands of kilometers to its voyages . Read more about how to solve the pirate problem here . Hapag-Lloyd said a general travel warning for the area , issued by the German Foreign Ministry , played a part in the decision . But the company also said it had asked the German government for naval protection and the request was turned down . Representatives of Hapag-Lloyd and the German Defense Ministry could not immediately be reached for further comment . The passengers on board the Columbus began the first leg of their world cruise November 28 in Genoa , Italy and are due in Dubai on December 17 , according to Hapag-Lloyd 's Web site . Further stops include Singapore , Bali , Indonesia and Sydney , Australia . Hapag-Lloyd said that after the passengers and most of the crew disembark , the Columbus will sail through the Gulf of Aden with a skeleton staff . The passengers will stay in a five-star hotel in Dubai for three days until the Columbus arrives to take them back onboard , the company said . Both the crew and passengers approve of the safety measure , Hapag-Lloyd said . The U.S. State Department and British Foreign Office advise those traveling near the Somali coast to use extreme caution because of the recent pirate attacks . Last week , the Australian government issued a similar warning about travel to the region . The advice also urged Australian ships "  to apply a robust and layered protective security regime " when traveling through the area . -- CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Passengers will fly to Dubai to continue their journey Hapag-Lloyd : Involves 246 passengers , most of crew aboard MS Columbus Prompted by travel warning for the area issued by German Foreign Ministry United States , UK advise those traveling near Somali coast to use extreme caution
Mental Floss  -- In honor of Father 's Day , let 's take a look at some dads who gave famous people a giant gift : their names . You know Dale Earnhardt Sr. and Ken Griffey Sr. , but here are some lesser-known seniors behind a slew of celebrity juniors . 1 . Martin Luther King Sr. probably did n't know his name would become so famous when he changed it . The civil rights icon 's father was born Michael King in 1899 , but after he became a successful minister in the 1930s , he changed his name to Martin Luther King . When Dad changed his name to honor Martin Luther , so did his 5-year-old son Michael King Jr. . Like his son , King Sr. was a tireless civil rights advocate ; he even led the Atlanta branch of the NAACP . Mental Floss : 7 lost time capsules 2 . Harry Connick Sr. has been known to tickle the ivories and belt out a tune or two in New Orleans ' nightclubs , but his main claim to fame is his legal prowess . From 1973 to 2003 , Harry Connick Sr. served as the District Attorney of Orleans Parish , a tenure that earned him enshrinement in the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame . 3 . William F. Buckley Sr. was a lawyer and prominent oil developer in Texas . Buckley was active in the oil business in Mexico during the early 20th century , and at one point in 1921 he even found himself expelled from the country as the result of his lobbying to ease restrictions on American ownership of oil wells . 4 . Mel Kiper Sr. never heard an NFL team call his name on draft day . Instead , the father of the NFL 's pre-eminent draft guru worked a vending machine route , sold real estate , and coached college and high school baseball until his death in 1988 . A 1992 Sports Illustrated profile of his son noted that Mel Sr. played a key role in helping get Mel Kiper Enterprises off the ground by helping his son track down subscribers and advertisers for his early NFL draft newsletters . Mental Floss : 11 famous roommates from the world of sports 5 . Cuba Gooding Sr. may have an Oscar-winning son , but he knows a thing or two about showbiz himself . Cuba Sr. sang in the Motown group The Main Ingredient , including lead vocals on the band 's hit songs "  Everybody Plays the Fool " and "  Just Do n't Want to Be Lonely . " 6 . Freddie Prinze was born Frederick Karl Pruetzel , but he changed his name to Freddie Prinze when his comedy career started to take off . Freddie Prinze Jr. fans might know know that his dad was a pretty successful comic , who made appearances on "  The Tonight Show " and "  The Jack Paar Show " . He 's probably best remembered for co-starring in the NBC sitcom "  Chico and the Man " for four seasons in the mid-1970s . 7 . Al Gore Sr. set a pretty good example for his son when it came to politics . The future vice president 's father served as the congressman for Tennessee 's 4th district from 1939 until 1953 . He then spent 18 years in the Senate . Given his son 's famous concerns about the climate , it 's surprising that Al Sr. worked as a lawyer for a petroleum company and later became chairman of Island Creek Coal Company following the end of his political career . Mental Floss : 22 great photos found in presidential libraries 8 . Sammy Davis Sr. had a lot in common with his candy man son . Sammy Sr. was a successful dancer and vaudeville entertainer along with his wife , Elvera Sanchez , during the 1920s . When the pair split up in 1929 , Sammy Sr. took his son on the road as part of a new dance act , and the young future Rat Pack member spent the rest of his life in show business . Mental Floss : Original flavors of 9 popular candies 9 . Larry Mullen Sr. was surely proud of his son 's success as the drummer for the up-and-coming band U2 during the early 1980s , but his boy 's growing fame led to some sticky situations . The Irish revenue service apparently had trouble distinguishing the two men , so Dad kept getting hefty tax bills that were meant for his rock-star son . The drummer decided to clear up any confusion by permanently adding the ` Jr. " to his stage name . 10 . Kurt Vonnegut Sr. did n't write much satirical science fiction , but he had a knack for designing buildings . As an architect working in Indiana during the mid-20th century , Vonnegut drew up plans for a number of Art Deco-inflected Indiana Bell offices and Hook 's Drug Stores shops . 11 . Robert Downey Sr. has n't appeared in any blockbusters like Iron Man , but he 's enjoyed a long career as an actor , writer , and filmmaker . In 1972 he wrote and directed the cult film "  Greaser 's Palace " , and he had a small role in William Friedkin 's 1985 neo-noir "  To Live and Die in L.A. " Mental Floss : 7 stolen movie props	Some famous folks who are junior had some famous fathers Cuba Gooding Sr. sang in the Motown group The Main Ingredient Robert Downey Sr. wrote and directed the cult film "  Greaser 's Palace " William F. Buckley Sr. was a lawyer and prominent oil developer in Texas
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistani teenage activist shot in the head by the Taliban for demanding an education has left her beloved country for specialized medical treatment in Britain . The Taliban 's attempted assassination last week of Malala Yousufzai , 14 , has sparked outrage inside Pakistan and around the world , transforming the young blogger into an international symbol of defiance against the radical Islamist group that continues to wield influence in parts of Pakistan . After Tuesday 's attack , Malala was treated immediately by Pakistani doctors who later removed a bullet lodged in her neck . She was airlifted Monday to a hospital in Birmingham , England , that treats the country 's war casualties . There she will be treated by neurosurgery specialists . Her recovery could take months , doctors said . Authorities in Pakistan said they are moving forward with their investigation into the attack . The country 's interior minister , Rehman Malik , offered a $ 1 million bounty Monday for Pakistani Taliban spokesman Ehsanullah Ehsan . Most Pakistanis consider the Taliban murderous ideologues , and the young girl 's willingness to risk her life to attend school -- despite the Taliban 's opposition to education for girls -- has struck a nerve . Read a profile of Malala Yousufzai One of the largest rallies supporting Malala took place Sunday in Karachi , Pakistan 's largest city , where men , women and their children held signs that said , "  Shame on you , Taliban . " Others held signs condemning terrorism . Massive posters and billboards said , "  Malala , our prayers are with you . " At another rally in the capital of Islamabad , protesters held candles and prayed for the girl 's recovery . iReport : Your views on girls ' education Malala began gaining international attention in 2009 as the Taliban gained a foothold in her home region of Swat , a Taliban-heavy valley in northwest Pakistan near the border with Afghanistan . Malala 's father operated one of the few schools that defied the Taliban by keeping its doors open to girls . At 11 years old , Malala started writing a blog for the BBC about what it was like to try to get an education under the constant threat of death by Islamist extremists . Her touching diary earned her both national and international praise . "  I had a terrible dream yesterday with military helicopters and the Taleban , " she wrote . "  I have had such dreams since the launch of the military operation in Swat . My mother made me breakfast and I went off to school . I was afraid going to school because the Taleban had issued an edict banning all girls from attending schools . " Millions of children face Malala 's fight for an education Now , Malala 's supporters are demanding the government thoroughly investigate who stopped a van carrying Malala and her classmates , as they returned from school in the Swat Valley last Tuesday . Gunmen jumped inside the van and ordered students to point out Malala . Horrified , they did . The men began shooting , hitting Malala in the head and neck . Two other girls were also wounded . In recent days , as Malala breathed with the help of a ventilator in Pakistani medical facilities , the Taliban trumpeted its responsibility for the shooting . They vowed that if she survives , they 'll come after her again , and next time finish her . ' I am Malala ' Malala 's story of defiance and survival has triggered an online flurry of petitions and support pages rallying for Malala and her fight for girls ' education . An online "  I Am Malala " petition , signed by celebrities and leaders , is demanding that girls get better access to education . The petition will be presented to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Another online petition telling authorities to arrest Malala 's attackers and end ties between the government and extremists had more than 10,000 signatures by mid-day Monday . "  All our law enforcers , intelligence agencies are hunting all those who were involved . I have got some other names which I would not like to mention on record because it may damage the investigation . But let me  as  sure my Pakistani nation , and the entire world , that we will get them very soon , " Interior Minister Malik told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He said the attack plan was hatched in Afghanistan , and vowed to hold those responsible to account "  very soon . " Attack galvanises anti-Taliban feeling "  Four people came from there . ... One of the guys , we have identified and  a  few of his associates have been arrested . One of -- the fiancee of one of the terrorists has been detained , and all possible leads which we have developed ... we are following it , " the minister said , adding that the government has provided security to Malala 's family and to two girls who were wounded in the same attack . The name "  Malala " has been trending on Twitter and has mobilized a large following on Facebook . She also has attracted the attention of international leaders , including former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , who wrote in a CNN commentary that the attack on Malala highlights the plight of "  61 million young children like Malala who will not go to school today or any other day . " And , last week , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton mentioned Malala 's bravery at a gathering of Girl Scouts in Washington . She said the attack on the teen should inspire support for other young women around the world who "  struggle against tradition and culture and even outright hostility , " to lay claim to their rights . Even Madonna shouted Malala 's name at a Los Angeles concert last week to the wild applause of fans and dedicated her hit "  Human Nature " to the girl . In Pakistan , young girls are wearing "  I am Malala " T-shirts to show their solidarity with the teen activist . Attack on teen blogger consumes Pakistan Malala is expected to be hospitalized for "  weeks if not months , " said David Rosser , executive medical director of University Hospitals Birmingham . Rosser declined to discuss details of Malala 's condition , but said the decision to fly her to the United Kingdom from Pakistan was a sign that her medical team hopes she will pull through . "  They would n't be going through all this , if there was n't a good hope of recovery , " he said . When Malala was rushed to a hospital in the northwestern city of Peshawar after she was shot , doctors tried to reduce swelling in her brain and removed the bullet in her neck . She was later transferred to a military hospital in Rawalpindi outside Islamabad . At Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , she will need to have the damaged bones in her skull repaired or replaced as well as intensive neurological rehabilitation , the Pakistani military said Monday . Malala 's family has been kept up on every step of her treatment , officials say . On Amanpour : The Malalas you 'll never meet "  Malala will now receive specialist medical care in an NHS hospital , " said British Foreign Secretary William Hague , referring to the country 's National Health Service . "  Our thoughts remain with Malala and her family at this difficult time . " ' I have the right ' Malala spoke to CNN last year about her blog and her brave assertion that girls should go to school . "  I have the right of education , " she said . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " Opinion : One girl 's courage in the face of Taliban cowardice Her writing earned her Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize and encouraged young people to take a stand against the Taliban -- and to not hide in their bedrooms . But the instability of the region was highlighted late Sunday in an attack by scores of militants on a police outpost that killed six officers , police said . On her blog , Malala often wrote about her life in Swat Valley , a hotbed of militant activity . The valley once attracted tourists to Pakistan 's only ski resort , as well as visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . But that was before militants -- their faces covered -- unleashed a wave of violence in 2003 . They demanded veils for women , beards for men and a ban on music and television . They allowed boys ' schools to operate but closed those for girls . Learn more about how you can help at CNN Impact Your World CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Interior Minister offers $ 1 million bounty for Pakistani Taliban spokesman Teen blogger arrives in Britain for treatment Malala Yousufzai has galvanized worldwide support for girls ' education Malala was shot by Taliban gunmen who were enraged that she wanted an education
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Longtime Hollywood publicist Ronni Chasen was gunned down on Sunset Boulevard early Tuesday , just minutes after she left a star-studded party to celebrate the premiere of the movie "  Burlesque , " police said . "  We were all on such a high , " songwriter Diane Warren said . "  And then she left -- I 'm guessing about 10 minutes before I did . What on earth ? What happened ? Why ? " Chasen , 64 , died when "  multiple shots " were fired into her Mercedes seconds after she drove past the posh Beverly Hills Hotel on her way home , according to Beverly Hill Police Sgt. Lincoln Hoshino . Police found her car crashed into a light pole after responding to a report of gunfire heard near the intersection of Sunset and Whittier Drive at 12:20 a.m.  3:20 a.m. ET  , Police Sgt. Robert Maycott said . Chasen died later at Cedars-Sinai Hospital , according to Lt. Fred Corral , a spokesman for the Los Angeles County coroner . Detectives searched Chasen 's West Los Angeles home and her public relations firm for clues Tuesday , but Hoshino called it "  a wide open investigation . " They have no suspects or motive for the attack , he said . Warren , who was Chasen 's celebrity client , called the killing senseless . "  They did n't steal anything , " she said . "  Her purse was still there . " Chasen had been on the red carpet at Grauman 's Chinese Theatre walking with Warren as she and "  Burlesque " star Cher were interviewed about the music in the film . Warren , who contributed a song to the movie 's soundtrack , said Chasen also went with her to the after-party at Hollywood 's W Hotel . "  I am devastated beyond belief , " Warren said . "  I ca n't believe this . I ca n't believe this . " Michael Levine , head of Levine Communications Office , called Chasen a "  beloved , iconic figure . " Levine , who said he has known Chasen for 25 years , has started a reward fund with a goal of raising $ 25,000 by next week . "  We must do everything possible to assist the Beverly Hills police in solving this horrific crime , " Levine said . "  Ronni gave the utmost for her clients and this industry . " Hollywood celebrity public relations is "  like a small family , " said Edward Lozzi , who operates a small Beverly Hills firm . Chasen was a "  class act " and "  the ultimate professional , " Lozzi said . Chasen was "  so good promoting great films , " and had special talent for creating pre-Oscar buzz for her acting clients , publicist Steve Jaffe said . CNN 's Denise Quan and David Daniel contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We were all on such a high " before the shooting , her client says "  Multiple shots " were fired into Ronni Chasen 's Mercedes Police have no suspects or motive in the publicist 's killing Publicists start a reward fund for information about the killing
Mashable  -- The new-this-year-yet-somehow-already-ubiquitous Facebook Like button has been around just long enough to generate some interesting numbers relating to Facebook users and web traffic . The button , which launched in April at f8 , Facebook 's developer conference , is now present on roughly 2 million sites around the web , from sports sites to news organizations and many other kinds of publishers . A media analytics lead on Facebook 's Developer Network Insights team crunched some numbers and found that Facebook Likes not only generate interesting data about the "  likers "  a.k.a. Facebook users who are also active on your website  themselves ; this data also speaks volumes about clickthrough rates , time on-site and other engagement metrics . Stats about people On average , a Facebook user who "  likes " your content has more than double the number of friends than does a typical Facebook user . This could mean the user is more "  social " or more influential ; on the other hand , it could mean the user is an attention-seeking narcissist . While it 's fatuous to read too much into that statistic , the number does show that the average "  liker " is more active from a social-web standpoint . An even more interesting stat about the likers is that they click on five times more links to external sites than the typical Facebook user . If clickthroughs are what you 're looking for from your social media strategy , this is good news . Here 's a stat just for news sites : The average Facebook user who "  likes " content on a news website is 34 -- that 's about 2 decades younger than the average newspaper subscriber . We 've known for some time that the future of journalism and social media are , at this point , inextricably linked ; this stat provides a little hard evidence for that conclusion . Stats about traffic Most website owners are aware that Twitter refers a ton of traffic . It 's meant to be a content-referral network , so link-sharing and clickthroughs are a given in many cases . The Facebook "  Like " button , however , might be bringing Facebook closer to competing with Twitter in the area of referral traffic , though . Since the button launched and was integrated on millions of sites , many publishers are reporting large increases in traffic specifically due to this kind of social plugin . ABC News reported a 190 percent increase ; Gawker 's traffic shot up by 200 percent ; Sporting News said their site traffic was up by a shocking 500 percent ; and NBA.com said that Facebook had become their second-largest referral source . Facebook relays messages from publishers saying that these users "  are more engaged and stay longer when their real identity and real friends are driving the experience through social plugins . " As an example , NHL.com reported that pages per user was up by 92 percent , time on-site was up by 85 percent , video-viewing increased by 86 percent more videos and overall visits went up by 36 percent . Clearly , Facebook is only part of social media referral traffic , but it 's becoming a larger part as the network grows and users become accustomed to interacting with third-party and external content from within the comfort of their social graph . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook like button is now present on roughly 2 million sites around the web User who "  likes " your content has more than double the friends than a typical user Button bringing Facebook closer to competing with Twitter in the area of referral traffic
CNN  -- The Torkham border crossing in Pakistan was opened for NATO supply convoy traffic Sunday morning , authorities told CNN . Trucks are free to pass once they have cleared customs , said Amjad Ali , a constable for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . Pakistan closed the main land route for NATO supplies crossing from Pakistan to Afghanistan after U.S. helicopter strikes across the border killed two Pakistani soldiers . A report from a NATO and Pakistan assessment team concluded that soldiers fired warning shots to let them know of their presence , but the helicopter crews assumed they were insurgents and fired the shots . While the main route has been closed , at least seven attacks on convoys carrying supplies for NATO forces in Afghanistan have taken place in Pakistan . The convoys are generally operated by contracted Pakistani firms , using Pakistani trucks and drivers . Since October 1 , at least six people have been killed in attacks on supply vehicles . The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for the most recent attack , which took place Saturday in Pakistan 's western Baluchistan province . Assailants attacked 28 oil tankers with a machine gun and rockets , said Meeran Bukhsh , a police official in the Bolan district , said . Police said the tankers caught fire , and two people were injured . The attack was carried out by the Pakistani Taliban 's special squad on U.S. assets in Pakistan -- particularly fuel trucks for NATO , Shakir Khan , the militants ' spokesman said Saturday . The special squad was purportedly founded in response to increased U.S. drone strikes . "  We are very proud of the performance of this squad as they have been able to successfully target NATO convoys all over Pakistan , " Khan said . A second supply route through Chaman in western Pakistan was open during the Torkham closure , but the Pakistani Taliban has threatened violence on any route used for NATO purposes . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	A border crossing was closed after U.S. helicopter strikes across the border killed two Pakistani soldiers The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for numerous convoy attacks Such convoys are generally operated by Pakistani firms , using local trucks and drivers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Former NFL star Darren Sharper faces two rape charges in Los Angeles , police said Saturday . Sharper , 38 , was arrested Friday afternoon by the Los Angeles Police Department 's sexual assault section of its robbery-homicide unit , according to LAPD spokeswoman Sally Madera . The Miami Beach , Florida , resident has been "  linked to two sexual assaults in west Los Angeles " that allegedly happened in October 2013 and this month , an LAPD news release said . Madera said the charges concern California Penal Code 261  A   30  . The code section involves a rape "  where a person is prevented from resisting by any intoxicating or anesthetic substance , or any controlled substance , and this condition was known , or reasonably should have been known by the accused . " Sharper was freed from jail after posting a $ 200,000 bond just before midnight Friday , Madera said . He must appear before a judge on February 14 for arraignment , according to county jail records . Sharper also is being investigated for a sexual assault that allegedly happened in New Orleans on September 24 , New Orleans police spokeswoman Remi Braden told CNN on Saturday . "  As with every case alleging sexual assault , information gathered is extremely sensitive and the top priority of the detectives is to protect the person who filed the complaint , " Braden said . "  Because this is an ongoing criminal investigation , we can not provide additional information at this time . " Sharper , a defensive back , became an analyst for the NFL Network after injuries forced an end to his 14-year playing career . The network suspended Sharper without pay in the wake of the arrest , a spokesman told CNN on Saturday . Sharper did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Sharper 's pro football career began as a second-round draft choice by the Green Bay Packers in 1997 . After eight seasons with the Packers , including a loss to Denver in Super Bowl XXXII , he moved to the Minnesota Vikings for four years . He signed as a free agent with the New Orleans Saints in 2009 , which led to a Super Bowl ring that first season . Injuries hampered his second year with the Saints , which led to his retirement in 2011 . Sharper was chosen for the Pro Bowl five times . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Jason Durand contributed to this report .	NEW : NFL Network suspends Sharper without pay from analyst job Assaults allegedly happened in October 2013 and this month , police say New Orleans police say they are also investigating Sharper for sexual assault Sharper was freed from jail after posting $ 200,000 bond Friday
CNN  -- Football Commissioner Roger Goodell upheld suspensions for four current and former New Orleans Saints players accused of taking part in a three-year "  bounty " program , but he reduced the terms for two former team members , the NFL announced Tuesday . Former Saints defensive lineman Scott Fujita 's three-game suspension was cut to one game , while the eight-game penalty given to Anthony Hargrove was cut to seven . But the two who remain with the Saints -- Will Smith and Jonathan Vilma -- saw no change to their suspensions , the league announced . NFL officials have concluded all four helped lead a program that offered bonuses to Saints players who inflicted injuries on opponents over a three-year period . Goodell found the program "  represented conduct detrimental to the league and professional football . " "  Our investigation disclosed nearly two dozen players who either contributed to , or received money from , the pool operated by the Saints ' defense . The four disciplined players either were involved in specific bounties on an opposing player , contributed substantially to the bounty program , engaged in payments that violated League rules or were untruthful when the program was initially investigated , " Goodell said . Louisiana police : No state laws broken in New Orleans Saints wiretapping case The NFL already has penalized the Saints and members of its coaching staff of the program , which operated from 2009-2011 . The NFL Players Association , the player 's union , said it would "  thoroughly " review Goodell 's decision "  and review all options to protect our players ' rights with vigilance . " "  For more than six months , the NFL has ignored the facts , abused the process outlined in our collective bargaining agreement and failed to produce evidence that the players intended to injure anyone , ever . The only evidence that exists is the League 's gross violation of fair due process , transparency and impartiality during this process . " But in letters to the players , parts of which were released by the NFL , Goodell wrote that he believes all four deserved suspensions . Vilma , a Saints defensive captain , drew the longest suspension of the four . He was ordered to sit out a full season and is currently on the Saints ' injured reserve list . In a letter announcing his decision , Goodell said he 's convinced Vilma pledged $ 10,000 to any teammate who could hurt then-Minnesota Vikings quarterback Brett Favre "  to an extent that he would not be able to continue playing " in the 2009 National Conference playoffs . "  I recognize that you and some of your teammates have denied that you made such a pledge or claim not to recall your doing so , but I am persuaded , based on the entirety of the record before me , that you did so , " Goodell wrote . "  And I find that such a pledge or any similar incentive is conduct detrimental . " Goodell said Smith , who has been on the field for the Saints this season , acknowledged that he approved of the program but denied "  that anyone intended to inflict injury on any opposing player . " NFL commissioner Goodell announces anti-bounty steps "  Even in the face of repeated appeals to ` crank up the John Deere tractor and cart the guy off , ' you and others now claim that the objective was instead merely to ` knock the wind out ' of your opponents , requiring them to leave the game for only a play or two , " he wrote . "  From the standpoint of player safety , fair competition and the integrity of the game , the issues with which I am concerned today , this kind of after-the-fact explanation is little more than wordplay that , in my judgment as Commissioner , offers no basis on which to excuse conduct that does not belong in professional football . " As for Fujita , now with the Cleveland Browns , Goodell said he had no evidence that the player had contributed to the bounty pool , but knew about it and did n't speak out against it . "  Your failure to act contributed to allowing this program to remain in place not only during the 2009 season , but for two additional seasons after that , " Goodeel wrote . Meanwhile , Hargrove is now a free agent and will be credited with the five regular-season games he has missed so far -- leaving him to sit out two games once he 's signed to another team . Goodell wrote that Hargrove tried to mislead investigators and block the NFL probe into the Saints and made several statements that were "  not credible " during a mid-September meeting . Saints general manager said he did not eavesdrop CNN 's David Close contributed to this report .	NFL commissioner hits four over "  conduct detrimental to the league " Nearly two dozen players took part in the Saints ' "  bounty " program , Goodell says The players ' union criticized the NFL and says it 's reviewing the decision Two of the players have left the Saints
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- President Rene Preval said Wednesday that in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake that hit Haiti , he has heard reports of death tolls ranging from 30,000 to 100,000 -- but he said the true toll is not yet known . "  Let 's say that it 's too early to give a number , " he told CNN 's Sanjay Gupta at the airport in Port-au-Prince . Preval made his comments after touring the damage . "  You have to see it to believe it , " he said . "  Lots of houses destroyed , hospitals , schools , personal homes -- a lot of people in the street , dead . " Nearly 24 hours after the earthquake , injured people remain on the street . "  We do n't have the capacity to bring them to the hospital , " Preval said . A priority is to clean up the streets , which are clogged with abandoned cars and collapsed buildings , so that rescue workers can do their work , he said . Preval said he himself had not been spared . "  I can not live in the palace ; I can not live in my own house , " he said . "  The two collapsed . " He added that he did not know where he was going to sleep Wednesday night , but was not worried . "  I have plenty of time to look for a bed , " he said late in the afternoon . "  But now I am working on how to rescue the people . Sleeping is not the problem . " He called on the international community to be generous . "  We need doctors , we need medicine , we need medical help in general , " he said . Preval said he was confident the capital of the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere would not erupt in violence . "  The people understand the situation , and they see that everybody is doing their best to help them , " he said . Asked what he wanted to tell the world , Preval said , "  I want to thank all the countries that have started to help us , " and then he went through a list that included the United States , France , Canada , Cuba , Venezuela , Argentina , Dominican Republic and Israel .	President Rene Preval says it is too early to know how many killed by quake He says priority is to clear the streets so aid vehicles can get through Preval says presidential mansion and his personal home are unlivable
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As well as their potential for creating effective therapies for debilitating diseases , embryonic stem cells could open the door to improved pharmaceutical drug testing , according to a leading British stem cell researcher . Embryonic stem cells seen pictured through a microscope viewfinder in a laboratory . Speaking at a recent meeting of the British Pharmacological Society in Brighton , UK , Christine Mummery described how using embryonic stem cells to create human heart cells could be a viable and scientifically exciting alternative to animal testing . Mummery , a Professor of Developmental Biology at Leiden University Medical Center in The Netherlands told CNN : "  It could save a lot of time and effort of taking the wrong drugs through , or it may allow drugs through which are lost at an early stage , because they affect the animal cells but do n't have an effect on human cells . "  It may also allow more and better drugs to come through the first tests or flag up safety issues at an earlier stage . " Drug development is an incredibly expensive and protracted process . Typically , it costs around $ 1 billion to bring a new drug to market and the whole process usually takes about ten years . Before new drugs can go forward for clinical trials , it 's necessary for the chemical compounds which make up a drug to undergo thousands of tests for toxicity before beginning trials on animals -- initially on rodents and then often on dogs . It 's here , at this ethically sensitive stage , that Professor Mummery believes stem cell research could transform drug development . "  Many drugs are designed to affect the heart deliberately , controlling beats and rates of contraction , " said Mummery , who specializes in converting embryonic stem cells into cardiac and vascular cells . But , as she points out , plenty of drugs designed to treat other complaints can also have negative side effects on the heart -- the painkiller Vioxx being a notable example . "  It 's really important for the pharmaceutical industry to have proper test systems to pick those sorts of things up , " she said . Merck & Co withdrew Vioxx in 2004 because of concerns over increased risk of stroke and heart attacks . Lawsuits filed against the company have cost them billions of dollars and many litigants still await their day in court . Stem cell based drug testing is already being promoted in the UK with the public/private initiative "  Stem Cells for Safer Medicine " which was set up in 2007 . It 's something Mummery hopes will be replicated in other countries and particularly in the U.S. under President-elect Obama who is a proponent of stem cell research . A 2007 sabbatical at the Harvard Stem Cell Institute in Cambridge , Massachusetts gave Mummery first-hand experience of the ethical debates that have engulfed stem cell research debates in the U.S. . "  I was shocked at the light years we are away from the way people think about embryonic stem cells in the States , " she said . "  It 's very mixed up with the abortion issue . It 's put into the same category . " Public funding , or the lack of it , under President George W. Bush has also stymied research . "  What 's happened in the U.S. is that people have become very frustrated and a lot of private initiatives -- like the Harvard Stem Cell Institute -- were started up to circumvent the lack of National Institutes of Health  NIH  funding . NIH researchers are either left behind or have a huge administrative burden , " Mummery said . "  You go into a lab in the States and they say ; ` this is our NIH lab , and this is our other lab ' . They have to buy one microscope to look at NIH lines and another to look at other lines . They have to administer all the stem cells separately . There are even dotted lines in a lab which you can and can not cross . It 's completely ridiculous , " she said . Drug company interest in stem cell drug testing was demonstrated in July 2008 , when GlaxoSmithKline entered into a $ 25 million-plus agreement with the Harvard Stem Cell Institute . Commenting on the deal , Professor Patrick Vallance , Head of Drug Discovery at GSK said : "  GSK believes stem cell science has great potential to aid the discovery of new medicines by improving the screening , identification and development of new compounds . " Drug testing is an emotive subject not least because of animal testing . So how have anti-vivisectionists greeted the news ? Chief Executive at the British Union for the Abolition of Vivisection  BUAV  , Michelle Thew told CNN : "  We have some concerns about the technology in general because it will still use animal cells and animals , but we are positive about things which may reduce the numbers of live animals in testing . " Clearly , the BUAV would like to do away with all animal testing altogether . Their obvious ethical objections , are backed up by questions about its efficacy . "  One of issues with drug development , " Thew said , "  is that animal testing is not very successful at getting drugs through the process because a lot of the tests are n't very predictive . They are also very expensive and time-consuming . " Even if stem cell drug testing does mark the beginning of the end for animal testing , the ethical vacuum is already being filled by another storm of controversy surrounding the use of embryonic stem cells . But , as Mummery points out , these objections will disappear should researchers from Japan and the U.S. continue to improve on early successes in creating stem cells from skin cells . Whatever the debate , the fact is at the moment , says Mummery , there are very few new drugs coming on to the market in the European Union . "  The drug companies are very nervous about the costs involved and the risks , " she said . "  If there was a reliable system to flag up issues they would be much more confident of taking drugs through to market . "	Leading UK stem cell expert calls for embryonic stem cells to be used to test drugs Using stem cells could reduce costs and flag up issues prior to clinical tests Hopes for better funding in U.S. boosted by support of President-elect Obama
CNN  -- You 're having lunch with a friend when all of a sudden she pulls a gift out of her purse . "  Here ! " she says , gleefully , pushing the brightly-wrapped present in your direction . "  Merry Christmas ! " You plaster a smile on your face as your brain searches for the moment when the two of you went from see-each other-once-a-month friends to BFFs . Are n't the holidays stressful enough without having to buy gifts for people you hardly talk to ? We 've all been in a similar situation , whether it 's a surprise White Elephant party or a co-worker 's overzealous gift-giving spree . Honesty is often the best policy -- that gift is so NOT in the mail -- so we asked our etiquette experts for the best way to respond without lying through our teeth . Jodi Newbern , author of "  Regifting Revival : A Guide to Reusing Gifts Graciously " This probably happens to almost everyone , every year .  The same goes for people that break the "  no gifts " rule , and give you something anyway . That 's why it 's always a good idea to have a few generic "  spares " as back-up . Even better if they are already wrapped or in a gift bag ready to give ! Of course , that is one of the main reasons why I am a big fan of the "  Regift Closet . " Otherwise , unless the gift giver expects a gift -- and would n't that kind of defy the real reason for giving a gift in the first place ? -- there is nothing wrong with just being very thankful . Let the gift giver feel good about giving you a gift without getting something back .  After all , there is always their birthday to reciprocate ! Steven Petrow , author of "  Steven Petrow 's Complete Gay & Lesbian Manners " It bears saying directly : Giving a gift is a voluntary action . Just because someone gifts you does n't mean you need to reciprocate . Ok , so do we all feel better now ? Maybe not and here 's why : When you get an unexpected trinket all wrapped up for the holidays , how can you not feel 1  cheap , 2  dumb , or 3  unprepared ? I certainly used to before I learned to "  be prepared " -- as the Boy Scouts like to say . Over the course of the year I 've learned to stock the pantry with some bottles of wine  red and white  , beeswax candles , a jar or two of gourmet jams and chutneys , and a gift box or two of artisan chocolates . Generic enough -- but useful for a wide range of friends and colleagues ; we just have to be careful not to give the wine to anyone in AA or the chocolates to a diabetic . If , however , you 're caught truly empty-handed , say as genuinely as you can : "  You know , I 'm so far behind on my holiday chores . I 'll get it to you next week . " And then , please do ! Another good option -- and an option that does good -- is to plan to make a contribution to a favorite charity . If surprised by the unexpected gift , explain that you 've made a contribution in their name to said non-profit . Just be sure to follow up within the week up with your donation and let the agency know that it 's in honor of so and so and would they please acknowledge your gift to them . Anna Getty , author of "  I 'm Dreaming of a Green Christmas " I usually try to be honest and say , "  Wow , I totally forgot . I am so sorry I spaced but want to make it up to you somehow . How about dinner on me soon ? " I 'm often met with a laugh and do n't worry about it . Peggy Post , great-granddaughter-in-law of Emily Post If you arrive at a party where there 's a White Elephant gift exchange that you did n't know about , do n't partake in the game . You can just say something like , "  Oh , I did n't get the message , I 'm really sorry . " If everyone is giving a gift to the party host and you do n't have one , send a thank-you gift afterward instead . Or if someone gives you a gift and you do n't have one to give to them , say something like , "  You really should n't have . " Then be sure to graciously accept the gift and do n't let your embarrassment overshadow the moment . Sherri Athay , author of "  Present Perfect : Unforgettable Gifts for Every Occasion " First , thank the giver for the gift . Graciously express your pleasure -- even your genuine surprise -- at such a thoughtful gesture . The worst thing you can do is make the giver feel he or she has made you uncomfortable . Follow up with a sincere thank you note . If you feel so inclined , reciprocate with a gift at the next appropriate opportunity . By doing so , however , you could be entering into a long-term gift relationship -- be sure you 're ready for such a commitment . From our readers Share your missing gift dilemma advice , and it could end up here later today . Cometmom : As a teacher I am often the recipient of many thoughtful gifts and I can not possibly reciprocate . An idea for the many grateful parents giving their children 's teachers gifts -- consider just a simple note to express your thankfulness . Erinissuper : I know if i buy a gift for someone it 's because I think they would appreciate that specific item and I 'd rather not receieve a last minute gift with no thought put into it from that person because they felt like they had to reciprocate . Reddyh : Instead of exchanging gifts , next year you all go out for an inexpensive lunch or dinner ... or have a potluck in the lunchroom at work . Jabbes : I keep a few food , restaurant or gas gift cards on hand for these incidents , especially during the holidays . I even enjoy getting them from other people and they come in handy after the holidays .	Author Jodi Newbern : Always a good idea to have a few generic spares as back-up Do n't let your embarrassment overshadow the moment , Peggy Post says Author Anna Getty says to apologize and offer to make it up to them with dinner
CNN  -- Dan Kruse started to feel weak one day while hanging out with his friends in a park . The next day , the eighth-grader woke up completely jaundiced -- the whites of his eyes were yellow -- and he urinated blood . Dan Kruse , now 23 , had food poisoning from E. coli bacteria as a teenager . Deeply concerned , his mother took him to the doctor , who told him to go to the hospital immediately . Doctors determined he had a severe form of food poisoning that made his kidneys shut down in a condition known as hemolytic uremic syndrome , caused by the bacteria E. coli . A priest gave him last rites , and doctors said he would most likely spend the rest of his life on kidney dialysis . "  I did n't go to the bathroom at all for seven to nine days because of my kidneys shutting down , " said Kruse , now a Web developer in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . "  I definitely almost died . " But with the help of an experimental treatment involving medicine "  like a fine grain sand " that he ate six times a day , Kruse began to improve , and made a full recovery without dialysis . Food poisoning from strains of E. coli is less common in the United States than salmonella , a bacteria that has caused more than 1,000 infections in a recent outbreak since April , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Tomatoes have been implicated in this outbreak , but many other foods , such as raw meat and poultry , can spread salmonella and other kinds of bacteria . Food borne illnesses result in more than 300,000 hospitalizations in the United States every year , according to the CDC . About 76 million cases of food borne disease occur annually in the United States , the CDC said . Salmonella and E. coli present themselves in such similar ways that doctors ca n't tell which is which without testing a stool sample . Learn more about the differences between salmonella and E. coli " Both kinds of bacteria can lead to infections involving diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramps and sometimes a low-grade fever . In most cases , an infected person will recover within a week without medicine simply by staying hydrated , doctors said . People who experience voluminous , bloody and persistent diarrhea should seek medical attention , and may need antibiotics , said Dr. Jennifer Christie , gastroenterologist and assistant professor of medicine at Emory University . When should you go to the hospital ? When you 're not able to tolerate fluids , vomiting so much that you ca n't keep anything down , or have profuse watery diarrhea , said Dr. Iris Reyes , associate professor of emergency medicine at the University of Pennsylvania . A racing heart along with diarrhea and vomiting indicates dehydration , she said . People with compounding medical problems such as cardiac conditions or diabetes should also seek medical attention , doctors said . In some cases , especially among small children , the elderly , and people with compromised immune systems , the infection may become more severe and lead to long-term complications . Salmonella can lead to a condition called Reiter 's syndrome that involves joint pain , eye irritation and painful urination . Chronic arthritis may result , regardless of whether a person takes antibiotics . A common strand of E. coli , often called E. coli 0157 , can lead to hemolytic uremic syndrome , which makes bacterial toxins go into the bloodstream and destroy red blood cells . This can result in kidney failure as a result of damaged cells clogging tiny blood vessels , according to MayoClinic.com . That strain of E. coli is distinct from enterotoxigenic E. coli , which causes traveler 's diarrhea . People traveling to developing countries of Latin America , Africa , the Middle East , and Asia are at particular risk for traveler 's diarrhea , but it usually resolves in a few days and is rarely life-threatening . Symptoms of food borne bacterial infections are also similar to those of some viruses , though bloody diarrhea is sometimes a telltale sign of bacteria . To prevent these infections , medical professionals emphasize the importance of washing your hands after handling raw meat , poultry , and uncooked eggs . You should also wash your hands after using the bathroom , touching pets or coming into contact with a person who has a bacterial infection . Read more tips about food safety " While it is always a good idea to wash produce , a rinse does n't always get rid of bacteria . In fact , you would have to scrub a vegetable for several minutes with antibacterial soap to kill the invisible offenders , Reyes said . "  In the operating room , surgeons scrub for at least several minutes to make sure there 's no bacteria on their skin , " she said . Food is the same way -- it would take a long time to actually make sure that no bacteria remains . The best solution is to just stay away from any foods , like tomatoes , that have been reported to be contaminated . You may be tempted to eat that piece of salami of indeterminate age sitting in your refrigerator . But if you do take a bite and it just does n't taste right , Reyes has some advice for you : Stop eating . This may sound like a no-brainer , but Reyes said it 's not unusual for people to contract food borne illnesses this way . "  Make sure your food looks good and tastes good before you eat it , " she said . Cooking at high temperatures also kills bacteria , but people do not typically cook tomatoes and other produce , Reyes said . Avoid anything containing raw eggs , such as Hollandaise sauce , Caesar salad dressing , and undercooked French toast , Christie said . Food that has been sitting out for hours at picnics or buffets may also be contaminated , Reyes said . Hot food should typically be eaten hot , and meat should never cool below 140 F before reheating . Below 140 F , bacteria thrive and multiply , regardless of the time that the food has been sitting out . Similarly , cold foods like shrimp cocktail will go bad if allowed to warm . "  You want to avoid a situation when your bacteria find your food just as appealing as you do , " she said . Kruse said he avoids alfalfa sprouts , which have been associated with E. coli outbreaks , but still eats meat . "  I love meat , I 'm a meat eater . It was a fluke , " he said . "  The doctors told me that the body will fight it off better " since he had the infection as a teenager .	There are about 76 million cases of food borne illnesses in the U.S. each year Symptoms include diarrhea , vomiting , abdominal cramps and a low-grade fever Salmonella and E. coli infections present similar symptoms initially Washing hands after handling raw food is key to prevention
CNN  -- Cuba recently eased restrictions on car imports and acquisitions in the country , doing away with a law that made icons of its old American Pontiacs and Chevys . Though there have been some reports that new cars are so far prohibitively expensive for most locals , some fear the easing of the law spells the beginning of the end for these vehicular stalwarts . We asked iReporters to send in images of the country 's beautiful vintage U.S. cars -- have a look at some of the best in the gallery above and send in your own .	Cuba 's new law makes buying a new car easier But it could lead to the demise of its famous classic models
