Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Gen. David Petraeus , the outgoing top commander of the NATO forces in Afghanistan , formally transferred authority Monday to incoming commander Marine Corps Gen. John Allen . Several senior Afghan and NATO officials , including U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen , attended the change-of-command ceremony in Kabul . "  Throughout , we will keep our eyes on the horizon -- the future of Afghanistan , " Allen told the audience , " a nation of free people at peace , governed under its constitution , pursuing economic enterprise and development , in a secure and stable environment free from the extremism and terrorism that has plagued this wonderful country and its people for more than a generation . In the end -- together we will prevail . " He inherits a force that is coming under renewed attack just as NATO prepares to begin the first phase of handing over provincial security to Afghan security forces . On Monday , three service members with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force were killed in a blast in eastern Afghanistan . Their deaths bring to 34 the number of international troops who have died in Afghanistan in July . . Since the start of this year , 314 coalition soldiers have died in the country . For his part , Petraeus plans to retire from the Army at the end of August and assume the CIA director 's job September 6 . "  I wanted this job , " Petraeus , 58 , said at his Senate confirmation hearing . "  I am taking off the uniform I have worn for 37 years to do this the right way . " Dubbed King David for turning around what seemed like a losing battle as top U.S. commander in Iraq before he went to Afghanistan , Petraeus is considered a top general in his era , with Esquire magazine naming him one of the most influential people of the 21st century . He took over in Afghanistan on July 4 last year unexpectedly after a Rolling Stone magazine article prompted the resignation of Gen. Stanley McChrystal . "  We 've jokingly said that I went to the White House for the monthly National Security Council meeting on Afghanistan and Pakistan with President Obama , and came out with a new job , " Petraeus said . "  And that 's not far from the truth . " The U.S. military is losing the architect of modern-day counterinsurgency operations . Petraeus wrote his doctorate dissertation on the lessons America learned in Vietnam . Later , he devised the Army/Marine field manual , challenging the military to think differently about how it relates to the civilian population in dealing with a bloody insurgency . This week , ahead of his departure , Petraeus assessed the results of his strategy in Afghanistan . "  What we have done is implement the so-called NATO comprehensive approach , a civil-military campaign ... that does indeed embody many of the principles of the counterinsurgency field manual that we developed back in 2006 , and which we employed in Iraq in the surge of 2007-2008 , " he said in an interview with NATO-TV . "  I think generally , it has borne fruit . " He said it has been a difficult journey , rife with setbacks , but coalition forces have halted the momentum of the Taliban in much of the country and reversed the insurgent hold in restive Helmand province . Petraeus ' experience in working with the CIA on counterinsurgency efforts in the field was cited as a reason for his nomination as the spy agency 's director . CNN 's David Ariosto , Moni Basu and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Allen : "  In the end -- together we will prevail " Three service members die in an attack in eastern Afghanistan Gen. David Petraeus is retiring from the military to take over the CIA Petraeus was the top U.S. commander in Iraq and later led NATO forces in Afghanistan
CNN  -- Watch out ! Lock up your loved ones ! Another bloated , over-produced , high-concept monstrosity has escaped from the labs at Dreamworks Animation , and it 's out to devour your kids . Susan , aka "  Ginormica , " has to save the world in "  Monsters vs. Aliens . " But do n't be too alarmed . "  Monsters vs. Aliens " is relatively harmless -- a toothless satire with a knee-jerk feminist theme and a sorry excuse for a plot . That sounds harsh , I know . Who does n't want to see a 50-foot woman careening through San Francisco on skates that turn out to be automobiles -- the ultimate demolition roller derby ? But think about that , just for a second . Roller skates work because they have fixed wheels . Try it with motorcars and you wo n't get very far . Is that too picky ? Perhaps , but you would n't find Pixar playing so fast and loose with the laws of physics , and that kind of inattention to detail is typical of the lackadaisical storytelling here and in other Dreamworks animated features .  The talent pool for this one includes the directors of "  Shrek 2 " and "  Shark Tale " and the writers of "  Kung Fu Panda " and "  The Rocker , " incidentally .  High concepts , top-notch voice talent and scattershot pop cultural references are no compensation for a coherent script . The XXXL lady in question -- dubbed "  Ginormica " by her U.S. military guards -- starts out plain and petite Susan Murphy  voiced by Reese Witherspoon  , until a meteorite hits her just minutes before she 's supposed to tie the knot with unctuous chauvinist Derek  Paul Rudd  . Her rapid growth spurt saves her from that particular fate worse than death , even if at first glance her new roommates do n't look like much of an improvement . There 's Dr. Cockroach  Hugh Laurie  , a mad scientist who semi-advertently mutated with a bug ; B.O.B.  Seth Rogen  an amorphous blue jelly-like blob who gets on just fine without a brain ; Missing Link  Will Arnett  , a gung-ho amphibian who 's all mouth ; and a giant dust mite called Insectosaurus who is n't voiced by anyone because he does n't have anything to say . Sci-fi fans will have fun counting off the references to myriad classics -- "  Close Encounters of the Third Kind , " "  Invaders from Mars , " "  The Fly , " "  The Creature from the Black Lagoon , " "  The Blob , " "  Mothra " and "  Attack of the 50-Foot Woman , " for starters -- and noting a few clever bits and pieces  Kiefer Sutherland , as General W.R. Monger , riffs on George C. Scott in "  Dr. Strangelove "  . The trouble is , once the introductions are over , the filmmakers can only launch their desperately limp plot : The White House turns to these monstrous superheroes to save the planet from evil Gallaxhar  Rainn Wilson  , a squidlike creature with four eyes and twice as many legs , and a one-eyed tin robot to do his dirty work for him . Ginormica gets a kick-butt finale , and is a much stronger character -- in any number of ways -- than the movie 's president .  In a genuinely witty casting touch he 's voiced by Stephen Colbert . That may be good politics or at least a sound marketing decision from the studio 's perspective -- it 's been awhile since a family animated feature produced a genuinely strong female character  unless you count "  Coraline , " which was way too scary for my family  -- but Susan 's self-esteem is an awfully long time coming . iReport.com : What do you think of ` Monsters vs. Aliens ' ? Bizarrely -- and maybe it 's just my imagination -- Gallaxhar bears a passing resemblance to President Obama . I wonder ... would that make Susan/Ginormica a surrogate for Sarah Palin or Hillary Clinton ? Visually , too , "  Monsters vs Aliens " is undistinguished , although its shortcomings may be disguised if you seek out the 3-D version . Funny how 3-D movies tend to produce two-dimensional characters , with "  Coraline " again the exception to the rule . Jocular and unpretentiously trashy , "  Monsters vs. Aliens " should be a lot of fun -- and it is , in places . But the truth is it 's as hung up on itself as Susan 's preening fiance . Hand on heart , I had a better time at "  Space Chimps . " "  Monsters vs. Aliens " runs 94 minutes and is rated PG . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Monsters vs. Aliens " about Earth-born "  monsters " taking on megalomaniacal alien Film 's main character is almost 50-foot woman voiced by Reese Witherspoon "  Monsters " has great talent but no script to speak of , says Tom Charity
CNN  -- It 's not a phrase that usually gets said out loud , but you have to feel sorry for Cristiano Ronaldo . The Real Madrid player has just finished the season of his life , winning Spain 's La Liga while vanquishing the club 's hated Catalan foes Barcelona . He scored more goals than he ever has before too , 46 in the league to be precise , and 60 overall . Yet even though Madrid finished nine points clear of second place , it is Barca 's Lionel Messi that still gets all the attention . "  Some people say I 'm better , other people say it 's him , but at the end of the day , they 're going to decide who is the best player , " Ronaldo told CNN in an exclusive interview before this weekend 's Champions League final between Bayern Munich and Chelsea at Munich 's Allianz Arena . "  At the moment ... I think it is me , " he laughs . "  Sometimes  the comparisons with Messi  makes me tired ... for him too because they compare us together all the time . Messi breaks Barcelona 's all-time scoring record "  You can not compare a Ferrari with a Porsche because it 's a different engine . You can not compare them . He does the best things for Barcelona , I do the best things for Madrid . "  I think we push each other sometimes in the competition , this is why the competition is so high . This is why Madrid and Barcelona are the best teams in the world because everyone pushes each other , not just me and Messi but other players . " Good cop/bad cop Perhaps Ronaldo is right . The world needs the "  good cop/bad cop " routine of Messi and Ronaldo to bring the best out of both them . It might be the reason why neither has set the world alight on the international stage . But while Messi is hailed as a secular saint , Ronaldo is derided for his self-confidence , some would say over-confidence . How does he cope with the vitriol he provokes in opposition fans ? "  Sometimes , you have to put on a mask . You can not smile every time for all the people . It 's impossible , I can not do that , " he says . "  This is not my type of personality . And people really do n't know me . And I do it for that because I do n't want every person to know me , just close friends ... you know , my friends , teammates . These people know me very well . Other people , to be honest , I really do n't care about that . " Still , such has been Madrid 's dominance in the league that Ronaldo is entitled to feel , if not exactly sycophantic praise , then at least recognition of his and his team 's achievements . "  My high point  in my career  is to win the title here in Madrid , La Liga , " he explains . Clasico win gives Real the edge over rivals "  It  was my first time , so I was so happy because it 's my best moment here in Madrid , the most important trophy . In terms of individual , it was great for me , the goals that I scored , to break my own record ... to do 100 points in the Spanish league which is a record too . It 's phenomenal . "  For me this is the most difficult league in the world . To compete with Barcelona , as everyone knows is very complicated and we beat them . Nine points ahead ... so it was an amazing year . " In Barca 's shadow ? Barcelona . It is the shadow that follows not just Ronaldo , but also Real coach Jose Mourinho , who has also had a remarkable season in Spain . You could argue it is a shadow that follows the city of Madrid around too . "  The points speak for themselves , " Ronaldo replies when asked about the rivalry . "  Nine points separated Madrid and Barcelona ; it 's a lot here in Spain . We played better than them this year , I 'm sure about that . I remember we went there one month ago and we won 2-1 ... nobody can do that , it 's very difficult so we deserve to win the league . We are better than them at the moment , but we have to respect them because they are a great team too . " Now there has never been a better time for Real Madrid to break the spell of Barcelona . With coach Pep Guardiola gone and questions being raised about the age of the Barca squad , Ronaldo believes that Madrid could go on to do something special , with the "  Special One " at the helm . Drained Guardiola quits Barca "  As a person  Jose Mourinho 's  a humble guy ... he 's very simple . We joke all the time , with funny stories all the time . It 's great . In terms of coaching , he 's completely different . He 's so serious , so professional . " For Ronaldo , Mourinho has proven himself to be the best coach in the world . "  This is why he wins the titles that he won . Because for me , not just because I work with him , but he 's the best because of what he does : the tactics , everything around the players , the motivation ... and you know , the titles speak for themselves . He won in every country that he 's passed , so I think that 's great . I think nobody ... two or three coaches do that in their lives , so we have to appreciate that . " The worst day Yet the season has not been without its disappointments . It may well have delivered the greatest single triumph in Ronaldo 's career so far , but it also delivered its nadir -- losing to Bayern on penalties in the Champions League semifinals . Ronaldo missed a spot-kick during the shootout as Real 's wait for a record-extending 10th European title spilled into its second decade . "  To be honest , it was one of the worst days in my career so far , " he admits . Ronaldo , Real Madrid suffer heartache "  It 's always tough when you lose something , when you lose on penalties . But I 'm not really worried about that because if I did n't score the two goals most of the players are n't going to shoot the penalties , so I have to appreciate what I did in the Champions League , what I did for the club . " The dream Madrid-Barcelona final did n't happen . Instead we have a final that no one could predict . On the one hand a Bayern Munich side that unexpectedly fought back to knock out Madrid . On the other hand a Chelsea side that shocked Barcelona , the world , and one suspects , even themselves . Who does Ronaldo think will win ? "  Most people think that Bayern is going to win easily . I do n't think so , " he says , perhaps remembering the battles he had with Chelsea while playing for Manchester United in the English Premier League . "  Do n't forget that Chelsea beat Barcelona , which is very , very tough . It will be an interesting game . I do n't know which team is going to win . I 'm not going to bet on anything because Chelsea is very strong . They defend well , they have a good counterattack . Bayern is a fantastic team too , so it will be a good game . " In 12 months ' time he will hope to realign the order of things and play in the 2013 Champions League final . For now he 'll have to make do with being the best player in the best league with the best manager in the world . Should you feel sorry for Cristiano Ronaldo ? So far everything seems to be going just fine . To celebrate the release of the documentary Castrol EDGE Presents Ronaldo Tested To The Limit for free on iTunes , fans were given the chance to challenge the player live through Facebook in a new test #RonaldoLIVE To see if Ronaldo had the strength to perform against his fans see www.youtube.com/castroledge	Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo talks to CNN 's Pedro Pinto He has won the Spanish title , scoring 46 goals , a record for him Ronaldo says that he believes he is better than Lionel Messi He believes Jose Mourinho is the best coach in the world
CNN  -- The seven-hour flight from the Netherlands to Michigan had been uneventful . Passengers bided time watching movies or trying to catch shut eye . But as Northwest Flight 253 made its final approach to Detroit on Christmas , the actions of one man put at risk the lives of nearly 300 passengers on the jetliner -- and the quick thinking of another helped prevent disaster . Jasper Schuringa , a Dutch filmmaker , appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " for a second time Tuesday night , recounting how he and others subdued an al Qaeda-linked suspect from detonating explosives that the man had attached to his underwear . That suspect , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , is now charged with attempting to destroy an aircraft in a plot that the militant group , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has claimed responsibility for . A senior administration official said late Tuesday that new information suggests the 23-year-old Nigerian man 's plot may indeed have had ties to the group . "  First , I thought it just might be a crazy guy to actually carry a firecracker onto the airplane , " Schuringa said Tuesday night . "  It came as quite a shock when I heard he had ties to al Qaeda . " From Detroit , Schuringa had a connecting flight before his final destination : a vacation with friends in Miami , Florida . As the plane neared Detroit , Schuringa said , he heard what sounded like a firecracker going off . "  First , it was just ` bang , ' " he said . "  And you 're trying to look around , like where 's this bang coming from . " Immediately afterward , someone screamed "  Fire ! " Schuringa said he noticed a man on the left side of the aisle , sitting still while on fire . "  A normal person would stand up , and he was n't standing up , " he said . "  So then I knew , this guy is trying to do something . " Schuringa said he jumped over the passenger next to him , reached across the aisle and lunged for the suspect , now identified as AbdulMutallab . View timeline of bombing suspect "  He was getting on fire . And he was still holding the device , the bomb , " Schuringa said . "  And he was still holding it in his hands . And I had to , like , rip the bomb out of his hands . " Schuringa said the man just stared at him , but did not let go of whatever he was holding onto . In an earlier appearance on "  Larry King Live , " Schuringa described how he yanked the object from the man , stamped out the fire with his hands and tossed it . With the help of crew members and other passengers , the man was then taken to the front of the plane , handcuffed and stripped to make sure he was n't carrying anything else . Through it all , the man appeared dazed . "  He was staring into nothing , " Schuringa said . Investigators now say AbdulMutallab was allegedly carrying PETN , or pentaerythritol tetranitrate -- enough of it to blow a hole in the aircraft . But the device he used failed to detonate fully , instead setting off the fire , authorities said . Part of the explosive device was sewn into the suspect 's underwear . FBI agents recovered what appear to be the remnants of a syringe near the seat . Because the syringe was destroyed , investigators are having trouble determining the accelerant the suspect tried to use to light the explosive . "  When I was interrogated by the FBI , I was trying to think what I was actually holding , because it was very thick , " Schuringa said . "  It 's just like everything just happened in the blink of an eye . But it 's quite scary to hold a bomb in your hands . Not something you do every day . " Among the passengers on the Friday flight were Wisconsin native Richelle Keepman and her family . They were returning from Ethiopia with two children they had adopted . On "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday , she called Schuringa a hero . "  We 're just so thankful that you did what you did and the other passengers who helped , because your bravery saved us , " she said . Schuringa said his action was just a knee-jerk reaction . "  There 's so much going on in your mind , you 're not afraid , " he said . "  You just do n't think and just jump . " Keepman said the security at Amsterdam 's Schiphol airport was nothing like what she is used to in the United States . "  We walked through and did not have to take our shoes off , " she said . "  Also , my mother had a water bottle in her bag that she 'd completely forgotten about . And it went right through and we did n't realize it until we were on the plane . " Keepman said she has n't had time to relive the experience as she introduces the adopted children to life in America . "  With the children being home and they 're seeing snow for the first time and just so many new things , our focus right now is just on the fact that we 're here and we 're able to live these moments with them , " she said . However , she remembers one odd detail . Amid the commotion , a man about 10 seats in front of Keepman was capturing it all with a camcorder . "  It was definitely a little out of the ordinary , " she said . "  I mean , I do n't know why he was standing up and we were supposed to be seated and he was filming it . " A person familiar with the investigation told CNN that investigators have pored through tapes that several people shot during the incident . But none has provided anything useful to the investigation , because each was captured after the fire began or has an obstructed view . Schuringa said he too tries not to think too much about the day . "  Like Richelle , I think we 're all happy we 're still alive and living for another day , " he said . "  Of course , for everybody it 's quite a big shock that a person like that can try to take out our lives . And that 's just unimaginable . "	Jasper Schuringa subdued man accused of trying to blow up plane Schuringa says he knew something was wrong when man was sitting still while on fire Investigators : Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab may have ties to al Qaeda terror group
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Georgia military contractor tricked law enforcement agencies into buying faulty stun grenades , ultimately leaving three FBI agents injured , federal prosecutors announced Monday . "  Flash-bang " grenades were relabeled and sold to police after the Navy deemed them faulty , an indictment says . Pyrotechnic Specialties Inc. is accused of relabeling and selling "  flash-bang " grenades that the U.S. military rejected after its personnel were injured . The company also mixed defective grenades with others that had been fixed "  to camouflage the defective devices from receiving personnel " at the FBI , the indictment says . Last week 's indictment alleges that company officials bribed a federal official and paid for a visit to a strip club . The officials are accused of conspiracy , money laundering , mail fraud and defrauding the government . Watch how the grenades work " The company , known as PSI , did not immediately respond to calls for comment . The indictment names three company officials -- CEO David J. Karlson , sales representative F. Brad Swann and production manager Daniel Ramone -- as taking part in the conspiracy . The indictment does not say whether they still hold those titles . PSI had a multimillion-dollar contract with the Defense Department to provide stun or "  flash-bang " grenades , referred to as "  MK141 diversionary charges " in the indictment . From 1996 to 2007 , the Navy awarded three contracts to PSI for the MK141 , according to the indictment . The devices are designed to produce a bright flash and loud bang , disorienting their targets . They 're considered nonlethal weapons , though they can be dangerous . The indictment alleges , "  On or about March 2003 , a flaw in the original Navy design of the MK141 diversionary charge became apparent . " A plastic piece would sometimes crack , which "  could result in a hazardous situation to those in close proximity . " "  Improper detonation could , and did , cause serious injuries to personnel using the device , " according to the indictment . The indictment says that the Department of Defense issued a "  stop work order " on the devices , and PSI "  developed a procedure to correct the defect " that cost about $ 3.72 per unit . PSI officials later engaged in a scheme to sell the defective devices by claiming that they had met the department 's standards , the indictment alleges . The defendants sold and attempted to sell the devices "  to the Department of Defense and to federal law enforcement agencies , as well as to state and local law enforcement agencies , " the indictment says . At one point , some of them prematurely detonated , "  causing serious injuries " to three FBI agents who were on a SWAT team investigating a kidnapping , the indictment says , adding that the interior of their government vehicle was damaged . "  To further implement the scheme and artifice to defraud , the defendants provided gratuities and additional compensation to a Department of Defense employee , " the indictment adds . The devices were sold to more than a dozen FBI offices between 2003 and 2004 , as well as to the San Rafael Police Department in San Rafael , California , and the Orange County Sheriff/Coroner 's Department in Santa Ana , California , the indictment says . The Department of Defense said it could not comment because the case is under investigation . "  Our understanding is that the Naval Criminal Investigative Service is supporting the FBI in this investigation , " Lt. Geraldine Carey of Marine Corps Systems Command said in a written statement . Carey added that it is "  against DOD policy to discuss matters under investigation prior to the requested official or government agency receiving a formal report . " According to the company 's Web site , PSI supports "  the U.S. and many foreign military services with custom compositions , pellets and devices . " Automotive airbag products are atop the list of commercial products it manufactures , according to the Web site . The company employs 160 people at its manufacturing facility near Byron , Georgia , the Web site says . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Scott Zamost and Abbie Boudreau contributed to this report .	Indictment accuses Georgia company of relabeling stun grenades Devices sold to at least 12 FBI offices ; Defense Department declines comment 3 company officials charged with money laundering , defrauding the government Indictment : FBI agents injured when stun grenades detonated prematurely
CNN  -- Donna Summer died of lung cancer , but the singer was n't a smoker , and the cancer was n't related to smoking , her family 's representative said Friday . Summer 's family issued the announcement in the wake of how "  various reports currently surfacing about the cause of Ms. Summer 's death are not accurate , " representative Brian Edward said . "  Obviously , numerous factors can be attributed to the cause of cancer in general , but any details regarding the diagnosis and subsequent treatment of Ms. Summer 's case remain between her family and team of doctors , " Edwards said in a statement . Five-time Grammy winner Summer , 63 , known as the "  queen of disco " during the 1970s , died Thursday at age 63 . Summer : A diva who defined the disco movement Much like the expressive era that her music defined , Summer danced her way through the 1970s with extraordinary success , posting successive hits that electrified dance floors and prompted her coronation as America 's disco queen . But her own life was marked by the highs and lows of the ballads that she energetically sang , and even at the height of her popularity , she once took steps toward suicide -- only to be stopped by the interruption of hotel maids . She overcame the negative dimensions of relentless public attention , and her legacy as a genre-leading vocalist endures decades later among music enthusiasts , even resulting in an appearance a few years ago on "  American Idol . " Summer died surrounded by her family in Florida . Overheard on CNN : This ` last dance ' goes out to Donna Summer Said her family in a statement Thursday : "  Early this morning , we lost Donna Summer Sudano , a woman of many gifts , the greatest being her faith . While we grieve her passing , we are at peace celebrating her extraordinary life and her continued legacy . " Summer , who was born in Boston and whose father was a butcher and mother a schoolteacher , sang from the moment she learned to talk , and her debut performance came in church at age 10 when the scheduled singer did n't show and the pastor asked Donna to step in . Summer later recalled that the church performance left worshipers in tears . While she is iconic in the disco genre , her Grammy wins were also in the R&B , rock , inspirational and dance categories . "  Her talent was a true gift to the music industry , " said Neil Portnow , president and CEO of the Recording Academy . At the height of her career , she and Casablanca Records created a sex symbol persona for her , and in an October 1977 cover story for Ebony , she remarked about her other nicknames : Queen of Love and Symbol of Eros . "  Well , you have to get people 's attention some kind of way , " Summer told the magazine , "  but I 'm not just sex , sex , sex . I would never want to be a one-dimensional person like that . "  I can sing songs like ` Love to Love You , Baby , ' but I can also sing ballads , light opera , things from musical comedies , church hymns -- all kinds of things . Plus I can write , act and think . " Listen to a playlist of Donna Summer 's greatest hits Summer added that she did n't "  want to be known for just one thing . " In a 2003 interview with CNN , she said the initial absence of a manager led her to do provocative photo shoots . Her public image as a sex symbol and diva conflicted with her religious upbringing , she said . Her grandfather was a minister and her father a church deacon . "  Yes , it was a big complex and the image was sort of created around me , " Summer said . "  I was sort of there , but not consciously there . And I did n't have anybody sort of on my side at that point , fighting for me , except for me , being in the middle . And then people would say , you know , ` Lay down here and do this . ' And you know , whatever , " Summer said . Her big break came when she was a teenager and auditioned in New York for a European version of "  Hair . " She landed a role and went to Europe . When she achieved success by her mid-20s , she was n't able to handle it well . "  It was tough , " Summer said . "  I think success is always a surprise , you know . " She eventually suffered depression and found herself in an abusive relationship . "  If people are in abusive relationships , I think they need to get out of them or at least get help , " Summer said . She lived in fear during that relationship , she said . "  Thank God this person was from Europe , so they were deported . And then I was able to sort of be free , but I was afraid for years , " she said . Her hits included "  Hot Stuff , " "  Bad Girls " and "  She Works Hard for the Money . " Summer rose to fame the mid-1970s , thanks to "  Love to Love You Baby . " The song , with Summer 's whispered vocals and orgasmic groans supported by heavily synthesized backing tracks , fueled the decade 's disco mania and hit No. 2 in 1976 . Summer followed the song with such hits as "  I Feel Love , " "  Last Dance " and a disco version of the Richard Harris hit "  MacArthur Park , " which outdid Harris ' version by hitting No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart . It was Summer 's first of four chart-toppers . But with her 1979 album "  Bad Girls , " Summer broke out of the disco mold as the genre , stimulated by the success of the Bee Gees ' "  Saturday Night Fever " soundtrack , was feeling a backlash . "  Bad Girls " demonstrated Summer 's vocal and stylistic range and produced two No. 1 hits , "  Hot Stuff " and "  Bad Girls , " as well as a Top 10 ballad , "  Dim All the Lights . " However , Summer had some trouble adjusting to the changing times . Her next album , "  The Wanderer , " went for more of a rock feel . It produced a Top 10 hit in the title track but fared relatively poorly on the charts -- especially disappointing after the success of "  Bad Girls , " a double album that spent five weeks at No. 1 . It was n't until 1983 's "  She Works Hard for the Money , " which became a ubiquitous video as well as a big radio hit , that Summer 's fame approached its late - '70s zenith . CNN 's Denise Quan and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Donna Summer died of lung cancer , her family says But she was n't a smoker , and the cancer was n't related to smoking Her family issues a statement to correct inaccurate reports about the cause of her death Summer , America 's "  queen of disco , " died Thursday at age 63
She would n't build a prison . But the world 's most famous female architect , Zaha Hadid , says she 's willing to work in countries which have faced criticisms over their human rights records . The 62-year-old Iraqi-born Briton made the comments during an exclusive interview with CNN -- to appear in full Friday . Hadid , the first woman to receive the Pritzker Prize in 2004 -- regarded as the Nobel of architecture -- designed Beijing 's Galaxy Soho shopping center and Heydar Aliyev cultural center in Azerbaijan . Is she concerned about the human rights credentials of the countries -- Hadid is responsible for 950 projects in 44 countries -- she works in ? "  As an architect , if you can in any way alleviate an oppressive situation , or elevate a culture , then I think that you should , " Hadid , who has been commissioned to build Japan 's 2020 Olympic Stadium and recently opened London 's Serpentine Sackler gallery , told CNN . "  It 's different if someone asks you to build a prison -- I would n't do it . But if I 'm doing a museum or a library , I think that 's different , " added Hadid , whose latest project is designing a superyacht . "  I think that you ca n't isolate nations because somebody does n't approve . And if that is the case , then they should n't have diplomatic relationships with them . " And the conditions of the construction workers ? "  It 's not your responsibility really . I think different nations should take care of their workforce . "  As an architect , if you are involved in every layer then honestly you do n't do anything . I 'm not saying I should n't be thinking about it , but I think it 's a job for the politicians , for the media , for the locals , to deal with it . " For the full interview , see CNN on November 1 .	Architect Zaha Hadid says politicians should take care of their work force Believes architecture can "  alleviate an oppressive situation " Full article to appear on CNN.com tomorrow
CNN  -- The ugly specter of anti-Semitism in football has raised its face again after a man was arrested at an English Premier League game . Police confirmed that a 57-year-old man was arrested and charged on "  suspicion of a racially aggravated offense " at Sunday 's match between Tottenham Hotspur and Southampton . Tottenham 's fanbase has a large Jewish contingent , and they originally called themselves "  Yid Army " in response to anti-Semitic abuse from rival supporters , but the offense did not relate to the "  Y-word . " The club has often experienced abuse by its London rivals but this incident was unusual given the lack of animosity between Tottenham and Southampton . The latest incident involved anti-Semitic abuse and the man , who was sitting in the visitors ' section at Tottenham 's White Hart Lane , was reported by two Southampton supporters to police . A statement from the London Metropolitan Police read : "  During the Tottenham vs. Southampton match at White Hart Lane on March 23 , officers in the stadium received a complaint regarding the behavior of a man sat in an area reserved for away supporters . "  The complaint was made by two people sat in the same area of the stadium . "  Officers arrested the man , aged 57 , on suspicion of a racially aggravated offense under section five of the Public Order Act . "  He was taken into custody and subsequently bailed until May 19 , pending further investigation . " Tottenham regards itself as being proactive in its fight against racism and told CNN in a statement that "  anti-Semitism in any form is wholly unacceptable and we support all efforts to kick it out of the game . " Last year the English Football Association had warned football fans that they would face criminal prosecution if they continued to chant the Y-word , which has been deemed anti-Semitic even as a segment of Tottenham fans claim they 're using the word in defiance of anti-Semitism . Earlier this month , charges were dropped against three Spurs fans who were accused of using the word "  yid " while at a Tottenham game . The Community Security Trust , which monitors incidents of anti-Semitism in the United Kingdom , has been outspoken in its fight against the problem . "  In recent years anti-Semitism in football has been an increasingly important issue , " a spokesman told CNN . "  CST and other Jewish organizations have worked closely with the FA and Kick it Out to try and deal with the problem and we will keep doing so . "  Racism should have no place in football and that includes anti-Semitism . " A spokesman for Southampton told CNN : "  As the Metropolitan Police have confirmed , this is an ongoing investigation and as such we are unable to comment at this time . " The incident comes weeks after former West Bromwich Albion striker Nicolas Anelka was fined Â # 80,000  $ 130,000  by the English Football Association after making the "  quenelle " gesture during a match in December . Anelka , who has since left the club , was widely criticized for the gesture -- -- which involves pointing a straightened arm downwards while touching the shoulder of that arm with the other hand -- after scoring against West Ham . The gesture , which he said was dedicated to his comedian friend Dieudonne M'Bala M'Bala -- who uses it as part of his act -- is believed by some to be a Nazi salute in reverse and has been linked with anti-Semitism in Anelka 's homeland , France . An Independent Regulatory Commission was asked to consider if the gesture was "  abusive and/or indecent and/or insulting and/or improper , " and "  included a reference to ethnic origin and/or race and/or religion or belief . " Both charges were proved , said the commission , but it added it did not believe Anelka to be anti-Semitic .	Fan arrested for anti-Semitic abuse at Tottenham 's game against Southampton Man , 57 , charged on suspicion of a racially aggravated offense He was reported to police by visiting Southampton supporters Scheduled to appear in court on May 19 pending further investigations
CNN  -- Harry Redknapp is hoping to perform another Premier League rescue act after being confirmed as the new manager of bottom club Queens Park Rangers on Saturday . The 65-year-old , who kept both Portsmouth and Tottenham in the English top flight , has replaced Mark Hughes . The Welshman was fired on Friday after 11 months in charge , having failed to win a league match this season . Redknapp , who was interested in becoming coach of the Ukrainian national team , was at Old Trafford on Saturday for Rangers ' game against Manchester United . Winless QPR sack Hughes Redknapp has been out of work since being sacked by Tottenham five months ago , having taken the London club to fourth in the Premier League but missing out on another Champions League campaign after Chelsea 's Munich triumph in May . "  I 'm delighted to be back in the managerial hot-seat at QPR , " said Redknapp , who won the English FA Cup with Portsmouth in 2008 after returning the club following a controversial move to neighboring Southampton , who were relegated in 2005 . "  When I spoke to the shareholders and they told me about their plans I knew this was too good an opportunity to turn down . "  There 's no doubt there 's a lot of ability in the squad , but for one reason or another things have n't gone as well as everyone expected since the start of the season . "  I ca n't wait to get to work and get the results necessary to kickstart our season . " Redknapp was named Premier League manager of the year for 2009-10 after taking Spurs to Champions League qualification for the first time , and he guided the team to the quarterfinals in Europe the following season . He had taken over with the club bottom of the Premier League in October 2008 with just two points from eight games , but guided Spurs to eighth place . The former West Ham manager was favorite to take over as England boss when Fabio Capello quit in February this year , but -- although he was cleared in a high-profile tax court case -- missed out to Roy Hodgson and was then sacked after a poor finish to the season . "  Harry was our number one target , the unanimous choice of the board and we 're delighted we 've been able to attract him to the club , " QPR chairman Tony Fernandes said . "  He has a proven track record in the Premier League and has all the characteristics we were looking for to get us out of the current situation we find ourselves in . "  His man-management skills are second to none and we are confident he is the right man to lead us away from the bottom of the table . " Redknapp said on Friday he had been "  close " to filling Ukraine 's vacant coaching role . "  It was a job which excited me . We met the people and they were fantastic , " he said . "  It was exciting and something I 'd never done in my life and something I was really up for . "  But when Mark left the job it changed everything . Yesterday , I was almost on my way to Ukraine . But when I got the phone call it changed everything around . "	Harry Redknapp replaces Mark Hughes as Queens Park Rangers manager Hughes was sacked on Friday with the club bottom of the Premier League Redknapp was fired by QPR 's London rivals Tottenham at the end of last season He traveled to Old Trafford on Saturday to watch QPR at Manchester United
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- In Ireland it took years to weed out the details of systemic sexual abuse of children by Catholic clergy . In Australia , Prime Minister Julia Gillard has put no time limit on what will be the most wide-ranging inquiry into child sex abuse in the nation 's history -- one that will not be confined to the Catholic Church . As she announced the establishment of a Royal Commission into institutional responses to instances and allegations of child sex abuse , Gillard said the inquiry would not target any one church but would encompass all religious institutions , state institutions , schools and not-for-profit groups like scouts and sports clubs . "  There have been too many revelations of adults who have averted their eyes from this evil , " she said . The evil of which she speaks is said by the mother of one victim to be endemic . Pat Feenan 's son , Daniel , is now 36 years old . "  Every morning he opens his eyes , he walks with that pain , " she told CNN . Daniel was an 11-year-old altar boy at St Patrick 's Church in Maitland in the Hunter Valley , north of Sydney , when the abuse began at the hands of Father James Patrick Fletcher , who died in prison after being found guilty of child abuse -- including that of Daniel . The family were devout Catholics when Fletcher was assigned to the parish and to the Feenan family , who opened their home to him . Soon after , the grooming began , and in time , the family says , so did the abuse . According to court evidence , throughout Daniel 's high school years Fletcher forced him into violent oral and anal sex , often in open spaces and always under threat . Fletcher would tell Daniel their "  special time " together should be kept secret lest Fletcher hurt one of Daniel 's brothers . The abuse ended when Daniel was 17 . Seven years later he went to the police . Though he was later contrite , the archbishop of the diocese tipped off the abuser , moving him to another parish , according to a police investigation . "  I am ready and willing to help the Royal Commission in any way I can , " Pat Feenan told CNN . "  And so is my courageous son . He 's brave . He was the first in the Maitland Archdiocese who had to testify in court . My Daniel had to go through the pain of the inquisition and the media and the reporting of the horrible details . "  He knows he has played a part in this , and he knows I fought really hard for this Royal Commission and for justice . He feels vindicated , " she added . Vindication is not something the Royal Commission can deliver Chrissy and Anthony Foster of Victoria . "  Our girls were assaulted at school by the local Catholic priest , " Anthony Foster told CNN . "  They were five years old and up , raped multiple times over many years . It went on for several years -- we think about five years with Emma and with Katie probably about three or four years , " he said . When Emma was 14 , parish priest Kevin O'Donnell , now deceased , was convicted of the sexual assault of 13 others . During his trial , testimony was offered that he had abused consistently from 1946 until he was brought before the courts . When Emma heard news of his conviction , she began to harm herself , the family says . "  We saw her with blood pouring out of her wrists , " said Foster , "  taking heroin to dull the pain . " When she was 26 , Emma killed herself . Katie 's story is equally tragic . When she 14 , her parents found a suicide note she had written along with her diary in which she had detailed how O'Donnell had abused her . The Fosters were alarmed when they saw their daughter had begun to binge drink . A year later , just before her 16th birthday , tragedy struck . "  She was at a friend 's house , " Foster told CNN . "  She was drunk , crossed the road and was hit by a car . She has severe brain injuries , " he said . "  She has pre-accident memory . But she ca n't run her life . She has a five-minute window on life , " added Foster . Katie and Emma Foster 's abuser is buried in the Catholic Church crypt at Melbourne Cemetery . Prime Minister Gillard insists the inquiry -- with the power to compel witnesses , offer indemnities and seize documents -- is not aimed at the Catholic Church . "  This is a Royal Commission which will be looking across religious organizations as well as state-based care and the not-for-profit sector . It is not targeted at any one section or religion , " she said . However , the only religious leader Gillard consulted after she decided on the Royal Commission was the Catholic Archbishop , Cardinal George Pell . A divisive figure , Cardinal Pell defended himself and his church against claims last week of systemic cover-ups by the church hierarchy . As calls for a national inquiry grew louder in the wake of explosive claims by a senior police officer that the church was complicit in the crimes by moving offending priests and destroying crucial evidence to stymie prosecutions , Cardinal Pell said the Catholic Church was being disproportionately targeted . "  We have to answer up for what we 've done , " Cardinal Pell told his congregation on the weekend . "  But any suggestion that we are the only culprit or only community producing culprits is entirely misleading , " he preached . But others disagree . "  This is really an inquiry into the Catholic Church and the cover-up , " Foster told CNN . "  It 's all the revelations of abuse in the church that brought this to a head . We know there is other sexual abuse , but this has come about because of rampant sexual abuse by Catholic Church clergy , " he said . For Pat Feenan and her son Daniel , the Royal Commission is most certainly about the sins of the Catholic Church and what he sees as the lack of compassion shown to its victims . "  We went through the whole trial with no support from the church , " she told CNN . "  The priests supported Fletcher , to see how he was , to pray with him . We were in the same courthouse , and no one came near us . The church community were not encouraged to be mindful of the victim . There were prayers for the priests and not for the victim . That 's not fair , " she said . As for the police officer who blew the whistle on both fellow officers and the church for covering up the abuse , the announcement represents an opportunity . "  Now we 're going to start listening to the victims and start listening to their families , " said Detective Chief Inspector Peter Fox . "  And we 're going to start doing something about the problem . The big problem is denial , when you 're not prepared to sit down and actually start to acknowledge that there 's a problem and look at ways of fixing it , " he said . Gillard said her government will consult with victims ' support groups , religious organizations and state and territory governments to determine the Royal Commission 's terms of reference .	Australia to investigate institutional responses to allegations of child sex abuse Country 's Catholic Church facing claims of systemic cover-ups by church hierarchy Senior police officer : Church complicit by moving offending priests , destroying evidence Prime Minister Julia Gillard says the inquiry will not be limited to the Catholic Church
CNN  A New Jersey auction house has removed items from its April 17 event after an uproar from the public . The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps . A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition , a Facebook page , and mediation by "  Star Trek " actor George Takei has resulted in Rago Arts and Auction Center agreeing to pull the items from the sale . "  There is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items that are a legacy of man 's inhumanity to man . It extends beyond what is legal . It is something auction houses , galleries and dealers are faced with regularly , " the auction house said . "  We hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue . " Takei , who with his family spent time in one of the camps , thanked people for working to stop the sale . According to a comment on the Facebook page "  Japanese American History : NOT for Sale , " he was working on the issue while on a trip to Australia . "  It took a few calls today here in the wee hours , and I 'll be issuing a formal statement later , but we can all celebrate a bit today at this news , " he wrote . The auction house said 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed . During World War II , about 117,000 people of Japanese descent were forced to live in 10 internment camps . The government called them relocation centers . Many of the people who lived there and their descendants had another phrase for the facilities . They call them concentration camps . Two-thirds of the people who were ordered there were native born U.S. citizens , according to the National Archives . CNN affiliate KGO reported the items were given to historian Allen Eaton , who opposed internment camps . The items were inherited from the historian 's estate . Miriam Tucker , a partner with the auction house , said it had hoped the items would go to someone who cared about their historical meaning . "  For us , there could be no better resolution than for a suitable museum , foundation or members of the Japanese-American community with the means to preserve this collection to come forward and secure it for education , display and research , " she said . KGO reported the people it talked to would like items returned to family members if possible and any other artifacts put in an exhibition . "  This was a gift and let the gift come full circle , " said Judy Hamaguchi with the San Francisco Chapter of the Japanese American Citizens League . She was referring to a letter the organization sent to the auction house . "  It should be returned as a gift . " The lots have been packed away for now , said auction house partner David Rago in an email . "  Once the dust settles from this auction weekend  1,200 lots in three days  we will work with a small group of people from the Japanese-American community who have identified themselves through this process as generous , informed , voices of reason , " he wrote . He said a suitable institution is the best possible home and the auction house will work with the current owner to find the right place . The seller -- known in the auction business as the consignor -- has never been in a position where the items could be donated , Rago said . "  But the consignor , who has been a sensitive and dedicated custodian of this collection for over 35 years , has agreed this evening to work with Rago Auctions to secure appropriate placement of Eaton 's life work , " he added .	The items were originally given to a historian who opposed the camps , CNN affiliate reports Auctioneer hoped they would be bought by museum or someone who would donate them for historical appreciation Japanese-Americans were furious about items from family members , others being sold
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Pakistan government minister has personally offered a $ 100,000 reward for anyone who kills the man who made the anti-Islam movie that is drawing ire throughout the Muslim world . Railway Minister Ghulam Ahmad Bilour announced the bounty at a news conference Saturday , but he made clear to CNN he was speaking for himself and not as a government representative . Asked whether he was concerned about committing or condoning a crime as a government official , Bilour said , "  I am a Muslim first , then a government representative . " Opinion : Pakistanis can debunk myths about Islam peacefully He said he invited the Taliban and al Qaeda to carry out the assassination . Sen. Zahid Khan , a spokesman for Bilour 's political party , said the minister 's action is not representative of the Awami National Party . "  We believe in nonviolence . How could we make such announcements ? " Khan said . "  Our party has been fighting against militancy and extremism for years . How could we invite Taliban and al Qaeda to kill someone ? Taliban and al Qaeda are our enemies who have killed our loved ones . " "  We have lots of concerns over the statement of our colleague , " he added . The leftist Awami National Party is a coalition partner in the federal government led by President 's Asif Ali Zardari 's Pakistan People 's Party . The ANP is a ruling party in northwestern province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . Photos : Anti-U.S. demonstrations worldwide Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf condemns the bounty issued by Bilour , his spokesman said Sunday . Shafqat Jalil said the prime minister will take up the issue with the head of the Awami National Party . Bilour did not mention the filmmaker by name , but he was likely referring to Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , the man who U.S. officials say is behind the privately produced film . Nakoula and his family have already left their California home and gone into hiding amid the worldwide storm of protest , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department announced . Actress in anti-Islamic film files lawsuit against filmmaker CNN 's Reza Sayah and journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistan 's prime minister condemns the bounty , his spokesman says Pakistan 's railway minister is personally offering a $ 100,000 reward for filmmaker 's death His party is concerned about the comments , saying "  we believe in nonviolence " The filmmaker has already gone into hiding amid worldwide protests
CNN  -- While lying on a thin mattress a few months ago , nursing the symptoms of dengue fever , I watched a huntsman spider leap off of the wall of my wooden shack and onto a hapless cockroach , which the spider dragged away and devoured . I was serving as a Peace Corps volunteer in the rural eastern part of the Dominican Republic . But the spider 's ambush -- which gave new meaning to the word "  insecticide " -- brought me back to another remote corner of the globe , Afghanistan , where I had served in my other beloved corps : the Marine Corps . Ambushes -- by Taliban insurgents rather than hairy spiders -- were regular occurrences in southern Afghanistan . As a Marine officer , I made two deployments there , the second of which was spent testing , distributing , and fine-tuning equipment designed to foil the remote-control bombs the Taliban used to ambush us . Then , in 2011 , my active service ended , I turned in my rifle and I joined the Peace Corps , where I spent two years building composting latrines in Dominican communities that lacked access to basic sanitation . I completed my service this month and returned to the United States  I got over the dengue fever just fine  . When you join the Marine Corps or the Peace Corps , much less both , you often have some explaining to do . So , on this Memorial Day , permit me to reflect here on the reasons people serve and to describe some of the common threads between these two special American institutions . You might be surprised to hear that the goals of the Marines and the Peace Corps , and the ideals of the volunteers who join them , overlap . You might also be surprised to learn that the Peace Corps has its own legacy of sacrifice , with more of its volunteers killed on the job than Central Intelligence Agency officers . Marines operate as a team , in a strictly defined hierarchy . Peace Corps service is largely an individual effort , and volunteers can go for months without being heard from by staff . Peace Corps training includes learning to teach kids simple science experiments . Marine Corps training includes learning the proper technique for choking someone to death . The essence of the Peace Corps mission is to promote understanding between American volunteers and the people they serve . The Marine Corps mission is to win our nation 's battles . But to say the two organizations are opposites would be erroneous . The book that inspired President John F. Kennedy to launch the Peace Corps was the 1958 novel called "  The Ugly American . " I was actually assigned to read it by the Marine Corps , since its practical advice on quelling insurgencies was correctly deemed relevant to the counterinsurgency wars we were now fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan . I saw Marines approach problems in Afghanistan as though they were characters in that novel -- or Peace Corps volunteers . Rolando , a young infantryman in our area of responsibility , won over local farmers by spontaneously shedding his equipment and helping them dig irrigation ditches one day while on patrol . Rolando , who 'd taught himself Pashto using an MP3 player , chatted amiably with the local men he encountered . The respect he showed them helped to win their support in our fight against the Taliban . While nation-building under fire certainly is n't a Peace Corps mission , I saw enterprising Peace Corps volunteers make a deep impact on the communities where they were invited to serve . Dory was assigned to work on a waste-management project in a Dominican migrant farm worker community . It soon became apparent to her that this project would fail . Rather than move to a different community or continue slaving on a doomed effort , she identified a more serious problem that she would n't have seen if she had n't gotten to know this community in the first place . Numerous locally born kids were refused access to education because of their Haitian descent , denied a basic right that they were legally owed . Dory learned to help people negotiate a discriminatory government bureaucracy , ultimately winning documentation for dozens of community members and helping them achieve access to public high schools and a shot at a better living . The Marines and Peace Corps volunteers with whom I served demonstrated more ingenuity , perseverance , and guts than any other group of people I 've known . They also possessed a surplus of something that is vanishing from many other parts of American life : humility . Countless Marines I know had put off careers in business , finance and law to play small , almost anonymous parts in tedious and dangerous places . Sometimes the greatest personal achievement was looking out for fellow Marines by training them extra hard or jolting them from their sense of complacency in the final weeks of a deployment . Those sorts of achievements do n't always make for sexy copy on a resume , but they are the achievements that can be savored the longest because they resulted in lives saved . Similarly , many of the Peace Corps volunteers I served with gave up good jobs -- as engineers , teachers , IT professionals -- to leave home for a couple of years and find the enduring fulfillment that comes from leaving your comfort zone and improving the lives of strangers you have grown to know better than your neighbors back home . While nothing compares to the risks our servicemen and women take in combat , the Peace Corps is n't exactly a walk to the local playground . Since its inception in 1961 , the Peace Corps has lost at least 287 volunteers to disease , road accidents , crime , and other hazards in their host countries . That 's more than twice the number of fallen CIA officers , whose sacrifices are properly commemorated by stars etched into Memorial Wall inside their headquarters . Kennedy , shortly after taking office , spoke of an "  immense reservoir " of American men and women "  anxious to sacrifice their energies and time and toil to the cause of world peace and human progress . " To see many of the best people from that reservoir -- the ones who stopped dreaming of their potential to serve and took real action -- take a look at those volunteers in the Marines and the Peace Corps . I really believe you can find the best of AmericaÂ ´ s youth serving in each of these organizations . And neither organization squanders that resource . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Aurigemma .	Will Aurigemma joined Peace Corps after his active service in Marines ended He found the two organizations have much in common despite clear differences Peace Corps volunteers take risks to serve U.S. and help struggling people , he says
Beijing  CNN  -- Seventy-two people are missing after three Chinese fishing boats sank in the South China Sea amid stormy weather caused by a typhoon , state media reported . Two of the vessels foundered Sunday afternoon as they battled gales about 330 kilometers from the Chinese island of Hainan , the state-run news agency Xinhua reported . The third one sank Monday morning , it said . As of Tuesday morning , rescuers had retrieved 16 survivors , the state-run China News Service reported , citing the Hainan government . Rescue operations have been hampered by strong gales and rough seas . A total of five fishing boats with 171 crew aboard had been caught in the storm , the Hainan Maritime Search and Rescue Center said , according to Xinhua . The two other vessels managed to survive the harsh conditions . All three boats that sank were from the southern Chinese province of Guangdong . President Xi Jinping urged local authorities to do their utmost to find the missing or stranded and minimize casualties , " state media reported . Xi also ordered the armed forces and central government departments to help in the rescue effort . The storm , Typhoon Wutip , made landfall in central Vietnam late Monday . Authorities there relocated tens of thousands of people from areas at risk as the storm approached . 22 dead after boat capsizes near Indonesia 38 dead after Philippines boat collision CNN 's CY Xu in Beijing and Elizabeth Joseph in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	NEW : Sixteen people have been rescued as of Tuesday morning , state media report Three boats from Guangdong province foundered after being caught in a storm Typhoon Wutip made landfall on Vietnam 's central coast late Monday
A U.N. official called Wednesday for stronger international efforts to keep sectarian tensions in Syria from spilling into neighboring Lebanon . "  The situation in Lebanon has become more precarious and the need for continued international support to the government and the Lebanese Armed Forces increasingly important , " Jeffrey Feltman , U.N. under-secretary general for political affairs , told the United Nations Security Council during its monthly meeting on the Middle East . "  Tensions over domestic and security concerns remain high throughout the country and are easily exacerbated by developments in Syria , " he said . What you need to know about Syria today Feltman urged a clampdown on arms smuggling across the Syrian-Lebanese border , which he said posed a risk to both countries . Syria 's violence has been spilling into Lebanon since May , when a group of Shiite pilgrims was kidnapped in Syria . A series of gun battles , riots and angry protests that month left at least 11 people dead . Feltman cited the recent spate of kidnappings in Lebanon and Syria by people loyal to the Sunni-dominated rebels and by others aligned with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , an Alawite Muslim with strong Shiite support . Will Asma al-Assad take a stand or stand by her man ? "  In his report to the General Assembly , the secretary-general strongly , strongly condemned kidnapping and retaliatory hostage taking in Syria and Lebanon , and called for an immediate release of all those detained without due process and in violation of their human rights , " Feltman said , referring to Ban Ki-moon . As Feltman spoke in New York , sniper fire more than 5,000 miles away rattled Lebanon 's divided city of Tripoli for a third consecutive day . The bloodshed in Syria has aggravated decades-old animosities between residents of rival areas of Tripoli : the Bab-al-Tibbaneh neighborhood dominated by Sunnis , and the adjacent Jabal Mohsen neighborhood , which is dominated by Alawites . This week , gun battles in Tripoli have left at least seven people dead and dozens wounded , Lebanese state-run media reported . Both sides said children playing with BB guns initiated the violence , which somehow escalated into shooting by adult residents armed with guns loaded with real bullets . In response , the Lebanese army has intervened , seeking to impose order by force . Syria 's neighbors : What 's at stake ? The violence has raised fears that factional rivalries could erupt into warfare in a country where power is constitutionally balanced among Shiites , Sunnis and Christians . Syrian troops were deployed in Lebanon between 1976 and 2005 , primarily in the north . They were initially called in to help stop a brewing civil war but maintained their significant presence -- which once numbered 40,000 -- long afterward . Many fear Syria 's civil war could threaten the political balance in Lebanon -- one that has managed to prevail since the end of Lebanon 's 15-year civil war in 1990 . Obama warns Syria not to cross ` red line '	"  The situation in Lebanon has become more precarious , " Jeffrey Feltman says He urges a clampdown on arms smuggling across the Syrian-Lebanese border Kidnappings have to stop , he says
CNN  In just two years , Bonita went from full-time work to a part of the new underclass of unemployed . The longer it 's been since she was forced to leave her job with the Boston Housing Authority , the harder it gets to return to the ranks of the employed . Even though the 46-year-old mother of five has an accounting certificate and a mind for numbers , prospective employers "  do n't so much as look at me because of my age or because of my work gap , " she says , referring to the period of time she 's been unemployed . "  It 's always like , ` OK , thank you , we 'll call you within two weeks . ' Then three weeks go by . And when you call them , they say , ` Oh , did n't you get a letter ? We 've found a more suitable candidate . ' " Two years after his release from prison , Travis was still struggling to find full-time , stable employment . He put out applications , but his phone did n't ring . The odd jobs , like cleaning cooking equipment for restaurants , helped , but after months of relying on his family for support with little to contribute in return , he felt like a bum . "  I wanted to be one of the people who get up and go to work every day without breaking the law and have a quality of life , " he told Monica Potts in a story she wrote for the American Prospect . Yet with no other options in sight , he turned for a time to what he knew to be a reliable source of income -- selling drugs in his West Baltimore neighborhood -- before finding help . The stories of Bonita and Travis stories are n't outliers -- more and more Americans are finding themselves relegated to the margins of the economy , despite their best efforts to escape that fate . It breeds hardship and hopelessness , and it also violates a basic tenet of our social contract when temporary setbacks become permanent obstacles . The numbers reflect the extent of that permanence ; the longer you 've been out of work , the harder it is to find it again . That 's a troubling reality because for most Americans , the path to success is n't straightforward ; it 's punctuated with obstacles and pitfalls . To the immigrant in search of a fresh start , the entrepreneur in pursuit of a new business venture , or the countless families striving for a better tomorrow , it 's the promise of a second chance that animates the American Dream . Many of the Sooners , forty-niners and other pioneers who built our country were running from failures back east . On Tuesday , President Obama will give his State of the Union address . One key issue he should address is the problem of long-term unemployment . While the unemployment rate has improved , there are many Americans who have fallen off the radar . To restore an economy capable of reaching its potential and renew our claim to be a nation that encourages its citizens to pursue their aspirations , we have to stop defining people by their failures . We need to rebuild the "  second-chance " economy . As Bonita found out , in today 's economy being unemployed now often makes you unemployable . One-third of the 10.5 million people who are currently jobless qualify as "  long-term unemployed , " meaning they have been out of work for longer than six months . And in most parts of the country , discrimination against them is perfectly legal : just take a look at the map below . With three unemployed workers for every job opening , employers can be selective . In startling research , Rand Ghayad , a labor economist at Northeastern University , found that prospective employers consistently threw out resumes of applicants with a recent stint of unemployment in favor of applicants with consistent work histories -- even applicants with less education or no relevant work experience . It should be unsurprising , then , that Brookings estimates that in any given month , only 11 % of the long-term unemployed will have attained steady , full-time employment a year later . And being consigned to the "  long-term unemployed " category is more likely to result from bad timing than lack of talent . The single-greatest factor determining whether someone will bear the mark of "  long-term unemployed " is what the unemployment rate was when he lost his job . Workers may invest years in their education and acquiring the skills that make them successful at their jobs -- only to be rejected because of factors beyond their control . Not only can this create a scarring effect that can permanently diminish their earning potential , it also results in a tremendous loss of human capital at a time when the economy is still struggling to recover . While discrimination against the long-term unemployed is permissible under the law , for individuals with a criminal conviction , it 's often mandatory . A groundbreaking report by the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers recently documented over 45,000 legal barriers faced by those with a criminal record -- in employment , housing , student financial aid , access to a business license or a driver 's license , or even the right to vote . Though targeted restrictions in the interest of public safety are needed , many others -- such as New York state 's prohibition against employment as a bingo caller -- are simply arbitrary and punitive . The impact of these barriers is massive and disproportionately affects communities of color  that 's partly because , as you can see below , communities of color have a much higher chance of going to prison than their white counterparts  . Since 1980 , the number of incarcerated Americans has more than tripled -- reaching the highest rate in the world -- and one out of every 34 Americans is either behind bars , on probation , or on parole , many for non-violent drug offenses . The striking breakdown between the types of crimes is below . In all , according to the National Employment Law Project , at least 65 million Americans , totaling more than one in four adults , have a criminal record , that subjects them to these mandatory "  collateral consequences "  such as being unable to get a driver 's license or to qualify for student financial assistance  on top of their formal sentence . These policies keep ex-offenders on the outside of their families and communities , as well as of the economy and democracy . And , in the era of big data , the past does n't stay there . Instead , past missteps and misfortunes will linger in permanent and public view . With the click of a button , information from employment histories and civil and criminal records to credit reports and foreclosures can be summoned and used to deny access to employment , housing , or the public assistance needed just to put food on the table . This data -- often full of inaccuracies -- will leave scars on millions of people , in many cases inflicted by automated processes that another human being never touches . What can be done ? To start delivering on the promise of a second-chance economy , policy efforts must focus on four key principles : -- Employers must stop discriminating against applicants without a job That means removing employment status as a requirement in job postings and making sure human resources representatives are n't discarding the resumes of unemployed applicants on sight . Some states have passed laws prohibiting discrimination against the unemployed . And in December 2013 , a House bill was introduced that offered tax incentives to employers of the long-term unemployed . Though the bill was ultimately unsuccessful , laws alone are n't the answer because they 're so difficult to enforce and monitor . Beyond legislation , the government could fund programs that build partnerships between corporations , local community colleges or workforce development organizations to align training of the currently unemployed with the jobs most needed within the company . It could also prioritize the long term unemployed in its own hiring practices . -- Entering the criminal justice system should n't be a one-way street out of the economy Through "  ban the box " laws  in other words , prohibiting the use of boxes applicants must check to indicate they 're unemployed  , states and cities across the country are already limiting the impact of past incarceration on employment prospects . States could strengthen these efforts by both reducing first-time incarceration and taking a more holistic approach to reentry that connects ex-offenders with the basic tools they need to get jobs and manage money . For starters , states should provide each individual leaving a correctional facility with a state-issued ID -- a prerequisite to employment , opening a bank account , and accessing a range of other services and opportunities . -- Give people who have encountered adversity the financial tools they need to start over Everyone needs a safe , affordable place to store and transfer money . New York is working with major financial service providers to remove barriers to bank accounts imposed by ChexSystems , a database that banks use to estimate risk posed by potential customers . The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs estimates that this and similar databases have prevented more than 825,000 residents in New York City alone from opening an account , often as a result of isolated mistakes , like overdrafts , rather than the fraud it was intended to detect . -- Big Data should n't be a tool for economic exclusion In an era of increasingly automated decision-making , we need to both ensure the privacy of those interacting with data systems , and strengthen the integrity of those systems . We can start by following this set of guidelines laid out by a high-profile coalition of civil rights groups . Among them -- give individuals control over how a corporation can gather data from them ; allow people to ensure that the data used to make decisions about them is accurate . We 've all heard about the "  right to be forgotten " ruling in Europe . Although it raises important concerns about the freedom of information , the response to that ruling shows that all of us -- and particularly those with blemishes on their record -- need a chance to make a fresh start . These are just a few examples of how we can begin to replace our policies and practices that double down on disadvantage with ones that restore second chances . A real second-chance economy will not only benefit those who are shut out of economic citizenship , but will also restore the dynamism and growth to our economy that will create jobs for everyone who wants to work .	In President Obama 's State of the Union address , he should look at solutions for the jobless The longer people have been out of work , the harder it is to find a job We must have policy that stops discrimination against the long-term unemployed
CNN  -- North Korean supreme leader Kim Jong Un married 23-year-old Ri Sol Ju in 2009 , according to a South Korean lawmaker on Thursday . The curiosity over Kim 's wife started several weeks ago when North Korean state television and news agencies showed video footages and pictures of an unidentified woman attending official events by Kim 's side . The name of the mystery woman was only announced Wednesday as Ri Sol Ju by North Korean state television . Details about her remained unknown until Jung Chung-Rai , a South Korean lawmaker from Democratic United Party , attended a closed-door intelligence session by National Intelligence Service  NIS  , which is equivalent to the CIA in the U.S. "  Ri attended Geumsung 's Second Middle School before going to China to study singing , " Jung said . "  She previously visited South Korea as a member of North Korea 's cheering squad for Asian Athletics Championships in 2005 , " he said . North Korea 's cult of personality surrounds Kim Whether the couple has a three-year-old child as some Korean media reported earlier has not been confirmed by the intelligence service , Jung added . There had been two prevailing theories circulating about the woman , who made her first appearance accompanying Kim Jong Un in his father 's funeral in 2011 . Some identified her as Hyon Song-wol , a popular singer who is a member in a musical group that sang "  horse-like lady " . South Korean media previously speculated that Hyon previously dated Kim and eventually married a military officer . It was rumored that Kim later forced the couple to split in order to restart his relationship with Hyon , and they now have a three-year-old son together . Others identified the woman as Ri So Ju , a singer in the Unhasu Orchestra , a group said to be favored by Kim Jong Un , and has made several overseas performances . It was speculated that Ri hails from an elite family , with her father working as a professor and her mother as an obstetrician . Nevertheless , not much is known about Kim 's wife , in the reclusive country known for its impenetrability from the outside world . What Kim 's ` mystery woman ' says about North Korea The announcement is part of a trend of greater openness under the recent leadership of Kim , according to Choi Jong Kun , associate professor at Yonsei University in South Korea . Kim became the third generation of his family to head North Korea , following the death of his father , Kim Jong Il , in December . He is the youngest son of Kim Jong Il and thought to be in his late twenties . His father had ruled North Korea for 17 years after inheriting power from the country 's founding father , Kim Il Sung . The wives and mistresses of the leaders were often shrouded in mystery . "  Since he got his power , this guy has been pretty different than his father in terms of handling the media , " said Choi . "  To me , revealing his wife 's identity is no surprise , " he added , given the country 's recent track record of making information available about major state events . Choi cited North Korea 's reporting of its rocket launch failure in April as an example . The term "  failure " was used in the official press release , which Choi said was the first time North Korea admitted failure . He added that the announcement came four hours after the launch attempt , which Choi considered "  real-time " for North Korea . Choi also pointed out the military reshuffling earlier this month was reported overnight . Not only does this demonstrate greater openness , but also that Kim has a "  strong power base " and does not need to bury such news , he said . He attributed the more open approach to Kim 's education in Switzerland . "  I expect that next week Kim will announce a son , " Choi joked . Shooting hoops for peace in North Korea	North Korea 's leader Kim Jong Un confirmed by state media to be married to woman named Ri Sol Ju Details about Ri Sol Ju remain unavailable , leading to rampant speculation in South Korean media Marriage announcement part of trend of greater openness under Kim Jong Un , according to experts
CNN  -- A Muslim activist group has launched a new ad campaign to reclaim a word they say has been abused and distorted by Muslim extremists and by anti-Muslim groups . The MyJihad ad campaign is using print ads and social media to educate the public about what they say is the true meaning of the word "  jihad . " The Merriam Webster dictionary defines the term as "  1 : a holy war waged on behalf of Islam as a religious duty ; also : a personal struggle in devotion to Islam especially involving spiritual discipline " and "  2 : a crusade for a principle or belief . " But some religious activists dispute the emphasis on "  holy war . " They say the word is often misunderstood and has been co-opted and "  misapplied " by radical Muslims who use it to justify terrorist acts and by anti-Muslim groups who use the word to foment fear in non-Muslims . "  The word ` jihad ' literally means struggle , struggle for a good cause , " said Nihad Awad , national executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations . "  It is a concept , a noble concept , within Islam that emphasizes a personal struggle within yourself to be a better person , a better husband , better wife , better worker , better neighbor , " he explained . "  It is not aggression , and it does not mean to commit harm against other people . If people commit harm against innocent people , it will be in violation of the spirit of Islam and a violation of the concept of jihad . " Lawyers seek to limit New York police surveillance of Muslims The campaign is the brainchild of Ahmed Rehab , an activist who is also the executive director of CAIR in Chicago . He launched the effort in December with a small group of activists . They began running ads on 25 city buses in Chicago and later expanded to buses in San Francisco . The ads began running at four metro stations in Washington in late January . They depict Muslims and non-Muslims sharing how they define their personal struggles . One shows a white Jewish man and a black Muslim man standing side by side , with the slogan " #MyJihad is to build bridges across the aisle . " Another shows a young female photographer wearing a headscarf and holding a camera . The slogan reads " #MyJihad is to capture the truth even when it 's unpopular . " Rehab said the donor-funded campaign is about making sure Muslim children can grow up in a world where they 're judged on their own merits and not according to radical stereotypes . Controversial ` Defeat Jihad ' ad in NYC subways ? "  I do n't wake up in the morning looking for my Kalashnikov or AK-47 , " he said , highlighting one such stereotype . The group has also taken its campaign to social media , asking supporters to post on their Facebook pages and use #MyJihad on Twitter to share their personal struggles . Rehab said they have received tens of thousands of encouraging tweets , Facebook messages , letters and e-mails . The campaign has also attracted skeptics , especially online . A user with the Twitter handle @Shaqton wrote : "  Al-Qaeda : #MyJihad is carrying ` earth-shattering , shocking and terrifying ' attacks against ` heart of the land of non-belief ' -- U.S. and Europe . " Another user , with the handle @PeterTownsend7 , wrote : "  Claiming that critics read the Quran ` out of context ' is another way of saying that you wish it did not say what it plainly does #myjihad . " Awad said the organizers of the campaign should expect to face resistance to their message but believes they will be successful in starting a conversation about this important tenet of Islam . Faith groups launch campaign to counter controversial ` Defeat Jihad ' ad "  It 's an uphill battle , because you are trying to dismantle preconceived ideas about the concept of jihad , because traditionally people have seen stereotypes and they have seen actions by some Muslims , and the majority of Muslims did not step in to say , ` No , this is our faith , and we are going to claim it , ' " he said . "  It is going to be an uphill battle , because you are trying to undo accumulation of misperception and mispractice -- misperception by non-Muslims and mispractice by some Muslims , and I think it 's important for us to take this initiative . " The group hopes to place ads in more cities in the United States and around the world and to expand to other media such as radio and television . "  The message is global . The goal is anti-radicalization , " Rehab said .	Muslim group wants to reclaim true meaning of the word "  jihad " Jihad "  does not mean to commit harm against other people , " group says Activists plan to add TV , radio to social media and public transportation campaigns
COCHISE COUNTY , Arizona  CNN  -- It was supposed to be 14 feet high and topped with razor wire . It was also supposed to send a message to Washington that if the government would n't seal off the southern border , volunteers could . Almost two years later , the reality is a five-strand barbed-wire barrier that ranchers dismiss as a mere cattle fence . The fence to help stop illegal immigration was the dream of Chris Simcox , the founder and president of the Minuteman Defense Corps . The group has chapters throughout the country , with Minuteman members from as far away as New Hampshire making the trip down to Arizona to participate in citizens ' border patrols . They are doing a job Simcox says the federal government is not doing well enough . Simcox , who participated in border patrols as recently as October , has said , "  If elected officials will not lead , then it 's up to the citizens . " Volunteers say they heeded Simcox 's call because they believe illegal immigration is a grave threat to the security of the United States . They say that they are patriots hoping to make a difference and that they want to help make the United States safe in the wake of the terrorist attacks of 9/11 . "  Here we were , grandparents , and we were willing to go down to the border and do something our government would n't do , " explained Sandy Doty , a former member of the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps . Watch how fence has not met volunteers ' expectations " On the Minuteman Web site and in e-mails to members , Simcox asked for donations while making big promises , including a vow to build a fence along the border . It was not just any fence ; it was to be 2,000 miles of state-of-the-art fencing at a cost of $ 55 million . Simcox described it as "  our high-tech , double-layered gauntlet of deterrent . " The fence was described on the Minuteman Web site as 14 feet high , with security cameras and sensors , topped with razor wire and flanked by ditches to stop vehicles . Simcox referred to it as an "  Israeli-style " fence , similar to the barrier Israel has erected to keep Palestinians from crossing from the West Bank . Many Minuteman state and national leaders said that the fence proposal was a complete surprise to them . "  All of a sudden we hear , ` We are going to build a fence if the government does n't build it ! ' We all looked at each other and said , ` What ! ' " said David Jones , a former Minuteman member . Donations started flowing in . One man actually mortgaged his home and contributed more than $ 100,000 . And on Memorial Day of last year , there was a groundbreaking ceremony on John Ladd 's Arizona ranch . But what the Minutemen were building was not a tall , Israeli-style fence . Former member Bob Wright said , "  It was n't until they actually started the ceremony that it became clear . It was gon na be a cow fence ! " It was a five-strand barbed wire fence that would keep Ladd 's cattle in and keep Mexican cattle out . Ladd said he is happy with the fence . But some Minuteman leaders were stunned . In their first-ever interview , these former Simcox lieutenants told CNN they believed that the groundbreaking was a ploy by Simcox to raise even more money . As a group , these leaders started to question Simcox about how donations were being spent . They wanted to him to provide specifics as to how much money was being raised and how it was being used . "  To this day , we still do n't know how much the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps has raised . We do n't have a clue , not a clue , " Wright said . They said they wanted to know why the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps was not spending money to help volunteers patrol the borders . "  We needed equipment , and we were not getting equipment , " Jones said . They demanded that Simcox meet them in person to address their concerns and answer their questions . They say he refused to meet with them and subsequently fired them . Simcox now says that he never promised to build the high-tech security fence on Ladd 's ranch . And he insists the barbed-wire fence really does protect the country . As the Minutemen strung their wire on Ladd 's property , another Arizona border rancher , Richard Hodges , agreed to allow Simcox to build nearly a mile of that Israeli-style fence on his land . That was 10 months ago . CNN visited Hodges ' ranch a few weeks ago and found an as-yet-unfinished , tall , wire-mesh fence . There is no razor wire , no trenches , no cameras , which were to be the fancy facial-recognition type . In a news release , Simcox claimed an Alabama company was going to provide those cameras , but the company told CNN it has made no deal to provide cameras and has n't heard from the Minutemen in 18 months . And what happened to all the money donated to the Minuteman Civil Defense Corps is in question . Simcox posted his group 's most recent tax filing and an independent audit on the Minuteman Web site . In the audit , the largest expense listed , by far , is for "  professional services , " with no further details given . Meanwhile , Simcox continues to solicit donations to build a fence . But , lately , it sounds as though he is lowering expectations , saying the fence is really just a symbol , a way to prod the government into building a real barrier . CNN asked Simcox for responses to all of the allegations made by the former insiders . He replied that all of the allegations , as well as CNN 's investigation , are "  a witch hunt " and "  part of a smear campaign . " Simcox declined several CNN requests for an interview . Paul Newman , the board supervisor of Cochise County , Arizona , where Simcox has been building his barbed wire fences , said Simcox 's plan for a border fence was a pipe dream from the very beginning . He explained that because the border is a patchwork of public and private land , a private fence builder could never get permission to build on all of it . Not only would there be wide gaps all along a fence built by the Minutemen , but in October 2006 , President Bush signed into law an authorization for nearly 700 miles of federal fence along the Mexico border . E-mail to a friend	Minuteman founder promised to build Israeli-style border barrier Reality is five-strand , barbed-wire fence that rancher say keeps Mexican cows out Former Minuteman members say they were fired after questioning fence plan Arizona county official says building private border fence not possible
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- In Pakistan 's combustible Swat Valley , some girls refuse to wear uniforms so they can make it to school without being harmed . Shiza Shahid , left , a 20-year-old Stanford University student , is helping to teach young girls in Pakistan . Other girls hide textbooks in their shawls to escape harassment . School-age girls are among the victims in the fierce fighting between government soldiers and Taliban militants in the Swat Valley . The Pakistani government said it has flushed much of the Taliban out of the area , but some fighting persists . Many girls remain banned from schools . Dozens of their schools have been bombed , and militants have burned books . A new program has taken 26 girls out of the battle-scarred region to Islamabad for a 10-day retreat , where they can learn in safer surroundings . A group of college students of Pakistani background is helping the girls . Among them are Shiza Shahid , 20 , from California 's Stanford University , who organized the program called Shajar-e-llm , or Tree of Knowledge . Shahid said she was moved to help after hearing about how the girls struggled to get an education . "  I think we were so angry , upset and emotional that we decided we have to do something , " she said . Watch as Shahid says she had to act to help the girls " Though well-intentioned , the program sometimes seems disorganized . "  We need support . We need unfortunately more organization , more of the bureaucratic nitty-gritty that you do n't want to do , but you have to , " Shahid said . "  We are young , and that does come with the burden as not being equally trusted or seen as capable . " Nonetheless , the group has ambitions for a boys ' learning retreat as well . The lessons are simple enough -- confidence-building exercises , critical-thinking lessons -- all framed in the context of Islamic values . The girls -- ages 11 to 14 -- spoke about their dreams . One wants to meet a poet ; another wants to learn calligraphy . Another wants to grow up to lead Pakistan . "  I want to become president and rule this country in a good way , " said 12-year-old Malila . One day during the retreat , the girls were taught a song about freedom of speech . As a guitarist strummed , the girls sang that God gives everyone the right to free speech and no one can take it away . Free speech seemed to end with the song , however . The girls could not risk talking about Taliban harassment , because the militants ' version of Islamic law lingers . Such Islamic law , or shariah , also keeps females from going to school or going outside without their husbands . The United Nations estimates that 375,000 Swat Valley residents fled their homes during fighting that started in April . In all , 2.5 million Pakistanis were displaced in what was said to be one of the largest human migrations in recent history . Many residents have returned to their homes , but peace has not been completely restored to the region . And soon , the girls at the learning retreat will return home to the Swat Valley as well . Organizers said they hope the girls will carry a new love for education . "  There were tears and there were tough moments , " said Madihah Akhter , a volunteer with the program . "  But the girls surprised me . They were really resilient . They were beyond their years . "	Schoolgirls victims of fighting between Pakistani soldiers and Taliban in Swat Valley A retreat in Islamabad gives 26 girls a safe haven to learn A student from Stanford University is helping lead the retreat
CNN  -- You 've heard that classic mixology before : "  Bond went into the lobby bar to gather his thoughts and ordered a vodka martini , explaining to the barman the best way to achieve the effect of vermouth without diluting the vodka too much . Ice in the shaker , add a slurp of vermouth , pour out the vermouth , add the vodka , shake well , strain into a chilled glass , add a slice of lemon peel , no pith . " Immortalized on the big screen and in Ian Fleming 's 14 James Bond books , practically everyone knows the British superspy and his drink of choice . But this drink -- this Bond -- was written not by Fleming , but by author and screenwriter William Boyd . He was asked by Fleming 's estate to write a new Bond novel ; "  Solo " hit shelves this month . In "  Solo , " Boyd took a retro approach , choosing to set his story in 1969 at the height of the Cold War . While there are plenty of cocktails , fast cars and alluring women , Boyd says he wanted to take Bond back to his roots . In Boyd 's version of Bond , there are no gadgets , no gimmickry , no flying cars and no villain with dreams of world domination . In the novel , Bond has just turned 45 , and is now a veteran of MI6 . He 's sent to a West African nation in the middle of a bloody civil war . His mission : quash the rebels and covertly help the established regime . While there , Bond is forced to go "  solo " on a dangerous , self-appointed mission of revenge . This Bond is still stylish , dresses impeccably , drives a Jensen Interceptor II , even knows how to whip up his own salad dressing  the recipe is included in the novel 's only footnote  but Boyd 's version is realistic , gritty and close to the original Fleming . We spoke to Boyd about his take on the iconic character . Fast facts : William Boyd Age : 61 Early life : Boyd was born in Accra , Ghana . He grew up there and in Nigeria . For fans of : James Bond , spy novels , literary thrillers . What else he has written : 20 best-selling novels and 15 films including "  Any Human Heart , " "  A Good Man in Africa " and "  Waiting for Sunrise . " Special honors : He was named a commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2005 . Fun fact : Boyd has worked on films with three actors who portrayed James Bond : Sean Connery , Pierce Brosnan and Daniel Craig . Five questions for William Boyd CNN : How were you approached to write a new James Bond novel ? Boyd : It just came out of the blue . It 's not something you 're even aware you 're being considered for or discussed . I just got a call from my literary agent one day saying stand by for this : Would you be interested in writing a new James Bond novel ? I thought about it and said almost immediately , yes , please . Then the process gets a bit more involved . You have to meet the Fleming family and I had questions for them and they had questions for me . There was a kind of interview and after that I officially got the job . It 's something that just came right out of left field and took me completely by surprise . It was a treat . I took it very seriously but I had great fun . It was a wonderful thing to be asked to do . CNN : Was there any difficulty in taking on an iconic character like Bond ? Boyd : For some people there might be , but I had written two spy novels so I was very familiar with the demands of the genre . I 've written a film about Charlie Chaplin . I wrote a six-hour miniseries about Hitler . So taking on a book about James Bond , somebody that 's present in the minds of millions of other people , did n't seem as strange to me as it might have been to other writers . It was a challenge but it was a highly intriguing one . So I approached it very much in that spirit . I was also given a very free hand by the Fleming family . If they had wanted me to write to a formula or a pastiche of Ian Fleming I would n't have done it . They really let me write in my own voice , invent my own storyline with a very hands-off , benign approach . So it was n't a daunting prospect , more an enticing one . Shaken and stirred on the slopes : The greatest Bond scene ever made ? CNN : You 've written about Ian Fleming before , so were you already a fan of his ? Boyd : It was more of a curiosity . I became quite curious about Fleming as a certain sort of Englishman . He was a close acquaintance of Evelyn Waugh , a writer who I 've read every word he 's written . I 'm equally curious about Waugh but the two men did n't like each other at all . I began to wonder why this should be and started to investigate Fleming 's personality and his particular nature , which I think in some ways is very English . I think he wanted to die , which is what 's so odd . He was a misanthrope and maybe depressive . He was only 56 when he eventually died but he was in a hurry to get to the grave as he said himself . So I was very intrigued by him as a sort of case study . In many ways he seemed rather similar to Evelyn Waugh and it was odd that the two did n't like each other at all . So the Fleming curiosity was certainly there , I had put him in as a character in my novel , "  Any Human Heart . " I do n't know if the Fleming family was aware of this , but I was certainly clued up about their famous ancestor . CNN : Why did you choose to set the novel in 1969 and largely in Africa ? Boyd : I wanted very much to set the novel in the era of Bond . The novels appeared between 1953 and 1964 and if Fleming had looked after himself a bit better he could have conceivably written a novel in 1969 . So it 's very much that world that Bond the character would know and it 's also a world of no mobile phones , the Cold War is raging , there 's no Internet , computers are fairly elementary , it 's classic spying . I very much wanted to exploit all those echoes and illusions and textures . I thought I would take him to Africa , because I said to the Fleming family when I met them that I wanted to write a very realistic Bond novel , a real spy novel about a real human being , a real spy on a real mission . So I thought about my own background , my own upbringing . I 'd been living in Nigeria in the late 1960s when the Nigerian civil war was on and it had a profound effect on me . I thought I 'll send Bond off to a nasty little war in Africa . You ca n't get more down and dirty and gritty than that . So I paralleled the events of the novel pretty closely on the events of the Nigerian civil war . But in the interests of making Bond real and making his mission real , I did n't want to write anything with too much gimmickry or gadgetry involved , or fantastical plots or organizations wanting to take over the world . I wanted it to be a highly realistic novel . CNN : Is there another character from literature you would like to take on ? Boyd : When I come across a character I 'm intrigued by , I often write a short story about this character . I fictionalize aspects of their life . I wrote a short story about Brahms , for example , because I 'm a great lover of his music . I wrote a short story about Chekov for the same reason . In my novel , "  Any Human Heart , " I was able to have my fictional character bump into all sorts of real people who either intrigue , infuriate or fascinate me . I guess I 'm quite curious about Ernest Hemingway as a character . I 'm not a great admirer of his novels but I 'm very curious about him as an individual . So it might be quite stimulating to revisit Hemingway through the filter of fiction and see what I make of him the way I 've been able to do with these other characters . I 'm currently writing a miniseries about Lawrence of Arabia , another deeply complex , strange man but because it 's a drama I 'm able to move away from the restrictions of documentary fact and present my imagined portrait of T.E. Lawrence , which is a very fascinating prospect . So Hemingway , I keep reading every book that comes out about him . There 's obviously something about him in the same way as Fleming that intrigued me . So watch this space , maybe it will happen . 10 hotels featured in James Bond movies	Before his death , Ian Fleming wrote 14 books about iconic British spy James Bond British author William Boyd was chosen by Fleming 's estate to write a new Bond novel Boyd chose a retro setting in his version of 007 : Africa , 1969 Boyd 's James Bond book , "  Solo , " debuted in October
CNN  -- Walmart has leapfrogged Royal Dutch Shell as the world 's largest company , topping the Fortune magazine Global 500 ranking . The U.S. retail giant has returned to the top spot with $ 476 billion revenue , up 1.5 % compared to last year , after missing out to Shell for two years . The Fortune Global 500 ranks world 's largest companies based on revenue . Here 's what the list reveals : U.S. keeps top spot -- for now With 128 companies , the U.S. remains the most represented country , at least "  for now , " Fortune said . Four American companies dropped off the list this year , while China gained six new representatives . China now has 95 companies in the top 500 . The top ranks are diverse , with seven countries are represented within the top 10 . Three of the companies from China while two are from the U.S. . There are also companies from the Netherlands , UK , Switzerland , Germany and Japan . Chinese newcomers dominate Seven of the 23 newly-listed Fortune 500 companies are Chinese . The China Development Bank is the highest-ranking newcomer , coming in at number 122 . According to the bank , it supported the government 's economic policies with more than $ 160 billion in loans . Pacific Construction Group was the highest-ranking private company , leap-frogging into number 166 spot . Russian sanctions impact limited Two Russian corporations debuted on the Global 500 , bringing the total number of the country 's companies on the list to eight . Russian VTB Bank , the country 's second largest banking group , and the power networks company Russian Grids made their first appearance in the Global 500 , despite Western sanctions imposed on the country following Russia 's seizure of Crimea . Gazprom , Russia 's state-owned energy giant , has improved its standing within the top 20 . It has climbed from 21 to 17 , despite being at the center of the Ukraine crisis . Gazprom signed a huge gas deal with China in May , securing an estimated $ 456 billion over the 30-year term . The gender gap Judging by the number of women heading the world 's largest companies , the gender gap is larger on the global stage than it is in the U.S. Only 17 of the Global 500 companies have a female CEOs , compared to 24 in the U.S.-only Fortune 500 ranking . Last year , only 12 women made it into the elite club of Global 500 CEOs . The climbers Four companies within the top 20 have jumped four ranks up compared to last year . Russia 's Gazprom climbed from 21 to 17 . Apple jumped from 19 to 15 despite disappointing sales in 2013 . Meanwhile , billionaire investor Warren Buffett saw his Berkshire Hathaway move from 18 to 14 , and French insurance giant Axa jumped from 20 to 16 . Read more : Will Russia 's friendship with China work ? Read more : What China 's Xi Jinping wants from Europe	The Fortune magazine 's Global 500 list ranks world 's largest companies based on revenue Seven Chinese companies are newly included in the list , bringing the total of Chinese corporations to 95 Four American companies dropped off the list this year , but the U.S. still leads with
Washington  CNN  -- The national trauma inflicted by the massacre of 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School prompted an emotional and fierce debate on gun control , but the drive this spring for stricter limits led by President Barack Obama fell short in Washington . By summer , the issue had mostly faded on the political stage . It was replaced by troubling disclosures around national security leaks and U.S. surveillance , violent political turmoil in Egypt , alleged chemical weapons use in Syria , and another looming federal budget showdown . Then , an armed , 34-year-old former veteran shattered the late summer calm on Monday when he shot up the Washington Navy Yard , killing 12 people before , he , too , died . Headlines blared , first responders acted heroically , accounts of harrowing escape and sudden death filled the airwaves yet again in the United States . Another mass shooting , said the president , another test of the national psyche . And , yes , a new call for tougher gun control . "  When will enough be enough ? " Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , said Americas are "  becoming far too familiar with senseless , tragic violence " and "  these repeated incidents demand our attention . " "  Congress needs to act , " Rep. Mike Thompson said . But if the jolt delivered by the Newtown massacre last December in a first grade classroom could n't serve as a catalyst in Congress for more extensive background checks than why would this latest incident move the debate beyond rhetoric ? Initial indications are it wo n't even though a dozen people were slaughtered in the shadow of the Capitol . Sen. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , is still seeking the five votes needed to pass the expanded background check measure that failed last spring . But he told CNN 's Dana Bash he did n't believe the shooting will impact legislation . But the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence argued the Navy Yard shooting was one more example of the failure of Washington to address the issue . "  While it is too early to know what policies might have prevented this latest tragedy , we do know that policies that present a real opportunity to save lives sit stalled in Congress , policies that could prevent many of the dozens of deaths that result every day from gun violence , " Dan Gross , the group 's president , said in a statement Monday . Did Obama strike the wrong tone on Monday ? A more restrained response Obama , who wiped away tears on the day of Newtown , briefly nodded Monday to the seemingly growing trend of such tragedies . "  So we are confronting yet another mass shooting , " he said . "  And today , it happened on a military installation in our nation 's capital . " Asked about the difference in his public reaction , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday the president was "  horrified " by the Navy Yard killings . "  While it is a sad truth we in America seem to experience these mass shootings with all too much frequency , they are always horrifying , " Carney said , adding that Newtown presented its own particular horror because most of the victims were so young . Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , pointed to the Senate background check proposal , but stopped short of re-introducing the legislation . Rep. Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 Democrat in the House , believes the Navy Yard shooting will revive the debate , but argued outside groups opposed to any new restrictions make it unlikely that Congress will enact any new laws . "  If the past is prologue that prologue is not very helpful , " Hoyer told reporters on Tuesday . Mark Kelly , husband of former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , released a statement offering support to the victims ' families , but did not make any calls for legislative action . However , he made sure to mention the context of the latest killings , saying they workers at the Navy Yard were not killed overseas but in "  a mass shooting here at home . " Giffords was severely wounded in a 2011 mass shooting that left six dead and 12 others injured Dave Kopel , an adjunct professor at the University of Denver 's law school , said he doubts the latest shooting will fire up Washington the same way Newtown did . Until December , Obama had largely stayed away from gun control , so his decision to lay out a series of proposals for the first time certainly fueled the post-Newtown debate , Kopel noted . "  But you can only do that once , " he said . Opinion : Gun control is not the answer A potential opening Sen. Richard Blumenthal -- D , Connecticut -- said he believes the Navy Yard shooting makes a case for a stronger push on mental health . The shooter , Aaron Alexis , had recently made contact with two Veterans Administration hospitals for apparent psychological issues and had exhibited signs of mental problems , CNN has learned . His father said he suffered from post traumatic stress after working in 9/11 rescue efforts . "  Let us make mental health initiative a centerpiece of this renewal and reinvigoration of our effort to stop gun violence . Let us combine it with background checks and other commonsense measures , " Blumenthal said on the Senate floor . Manchin agreed a mental health component could help nudge gun violence legislation forward . "  I 'll support anything I can to rehabilitate people but also making sure people who are not rehabilitated should not be able to -- because of their past and their record -- not be able to purchase a gun , " he told reporters Tuesday on Capitol Hill . Rev. Kenneth Blanchard , a Christian pastor and gun rights activist , encouraged a societal change on mental health issues rather than a "  microwave change " through gun control . "  We failed him somewhere . Everybody around him failed . Nobody wants to put the finger on ourselves , but it 's us . We 're our own worst enemies , " he said . Audit : Big problems with Navy program that screens contractors Other factors at play The powerful National Rifle Association has not weighed in on the latest shooting , but the organization tends to wait a short period of time after an incident before commenting . It 's entirely plausible that the tone of the debate remains less-than-fiery as the country still processes the events that took place Monday . But there may also be an elephant in the room . Last week , two state senators in Colorado were booted out of office after voting in favor of the state 's new gun control laws . The Navy Yard shooting represents the first national test of whether the recalls might have an impact on how Washington lawmakers react to the gun control , especially with the entire House and a third of the Senate facing reelection next year . "  The recalls  suggest to a lot of swing elected officials , who maybe do n't have deep convictions one way or the other on the gun issue , that banning arms as some sort of symbolic reaction to a crime by a mentally ill evildoer is not as politically popular , " said Kopel , who also works as a research director of the Independence Institute , a conservative think tank in Colorado . The most recent polling , however , indicates just over half of Americans nationwide think gun control laws should be stricter . According to a CBS/New York Times Poll from early June , 51 % of Americans favor stricter regulations , while 47 % prefer laws are kept as they are or become less strict . Numbers in favor of tighter gun laws have dropped since the days following the Sandy Hook shooting . Mark Glaze , director of the Michael Bloomberg-backed group Mayors Against Illegal Guns , thinks the Navy Yard shooting will have an impact on the larger debate , even if the effects are n't immediate . "  It is the Chinese water torture of a series of mass shootings that are happening more rapidly and are growing more deadly , " he said . His group will hold a previously scheduled rally Thursday on Capitol Hill , with protests specifically aimed at senators who voted against the background check proposal . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	The immediate reaction to the Navy Yard shooting seems more restrained than after Newtown While some lawmakers are still calling on Congress to do something , other say action is doubtful Some argue mental health may be the next legislative path Others say Navy Yard adds to growing sense mass shootings are growing worse and more frequent
CNN  There is no evidence that anyone at the NFL saw or possessed a video showing Ray Rice punching his then-fiancée until it was made public , but the league should have known it needed to dig deeper into the incident , an external investigative report released Thursday concludes . The report wraps up an inquiry by former FBI Director Robert Mueller into how the NFL initially investigated the then-Baltimore Ravens running back 's attack on Janay Palmer last February at the Revel Casino Hotel in Atlantic City . "  We concluded there was substantial information about the incident -- even without the in-elevator video -- indicating the need for a more thorough investigation , " Mueller said in his report . "  The NFL should have done more with the information it had , and should have taken additional steps to obtain all available information about the February 15 incident . " The NFL asked for Mueller 's report in September after a public outcry over NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell 's handling of Rice 's discipline . "  While this investigation has now concluded , our focus on the underlying issues and our commitment to positive change remain as strong as ever , " Goodell said in a written statement . "  We have all learned a great deal in the past months and expect to be judged by how we lead going forward on issues of domestic violence and sexual assault . " Here are some things we learned through the report : No evidence of video at NFL office In September , The Associated Press reported that a law enforcement official told one of its reporters that the source mailed a copy of a video from a surveillance camera inside an elevator at the now closed Revel casino showing Rice knocking out Palmer to a league executive in April . The report said a woman called from a league phone number to acknowledge receipt of the video . The report says more than 200 league employees were interviewed and found no evidence that happened . Among the employees questioned were the women whose ID badges indicated they were in the NFL office on April 9 . All 188 said they made no phone call . "  Each denied having seen the in-elevator video or even hearing a rumor that an in-elevator video of the Rice incident had been received by the league before it appeared on  celebrity news website  TMZ on September 8 , " investigators said . Also questioned were people in the mailroom , and no one there could remember a package sent to Jeff Miller , the league 's senior vice president of security . Multiple emails from high-level NFL executives indicate they had not seen the video before it was posted on TMZ , the report says . Ray Rice 's attorney had copy of video on April 1 The prosecutor 's office in Atlantic County wanted to wait until after a grand jury heard the case in late March before releasing the video to Michael Diamondstein , Rice 's attorney . Diamondstein had asked for a copy from the casino on February 20 . He was told by the casino 's lawyer that police said not to turn over any evidence while an investigation was ongoing . Later Diamondstein was referred to the prosecutor . Rice was indicted on March 27 on a third-degree aggravated assault charge . His lawyer received a copy of the video from the casino on April 1 and from the prosecutor days later as part of the process of discovery . The report says Diamondstein chatted about the video with Ravens President Richard Cass and the lawyer said it was "  terrible . " The two disagree precisely when the call took place and how much of what was on the video was discussed . Diamondstein told investigators that if the league had asked for a copy of the video , he would have provided it . That was one of the league 's missteps identified in the report . Others included not contacting police officers who investigated the incident , not attempting to get videos from the casino or the prosecutors , and not following up with the Ravens to see if the team had information the league did not . "  Had the league undertaken a more substantial investigation , it may have gathered available information about the incident , possibly including the in-elevator video prior to its public release , " the report says . Atlantic City Police called NFL in March A private investigator who was working the case for the NFL had been in touch with the Atlantic City Police Department trying to get the arrest report and other documents . He was told twice the police would n't provide the information . He asked a supervisor in the records division , Ava Davenport , if he could get reports if he filed an Open Public Records Act request . She said everything in it would be redacted . On March 28 , the day after Rice 's indictment , someone using Davenport 's work phone called the NFL office and spoke to an operator for 59 seconds . Police declined to discuss the nature of the call and the operator could n't remember what was discussed . The call was n't transferred , records showed . The incident was viewed live A security officer at the casino watched Rice strike Palmer twice as it happened on a surveillance monitor . That employee called another security officer to the elevator . When a supervisor arrived Palmer could n't remember what had happened . Two DVD copies of surveillance video were given to police that morning . The in-house copy of video was viewable by security workers for several days before access was restricted . One employee told Mueller 's team as many as 40 people had access to the room where the video could be watched . Mueller calls investigation independent Several media reports had called into question Mueller as lead investigator because his law firm has done work for the NFL . But Mueller writes he has never provided legal services to the league nor has any of his team . Mueller said he joined the WilmerHale firm in March 2014 , years after the firm helped the league negotiate with two media groups . In the past four years , the firm has only provided advice on immigration issues . "  Placing these relationships in context , I am quite confident that the ties described above have in no way influenced the conduct of this investigation , " he says . Recommendations Mueller says : "  Our findings demonstrate the weaknesses inherent in the league 's longstanding practice of deferring to the criminal justice system with respect to the investigation of facts and the imposition of discipline under the Personal Conduct Policy . Discipline should be imposed on the basis of the specific nature of the player 's conduct , not solely or necessarily on the disposition of a criminal case . " He recommend the NFL establish an investigative team for domestic violence and sexual assault cases , that the league expand its security department with a special counsel and other personnel , and clarify policies that assured teams the league shared information . "  Investigations of domestic violence cases present unique challenges , " the report says .	Report says league might have seen in-elevator video if it had done better investigation Rice 's lawyer was given copies of the damning video in April , told Ravens about it Former FBI director calls for new special NFL team to investigate assault cases
CNN  As the snow falls , so do records for extreme weather . In Boston on Monday -- with 62.5 inches of snowfall since January 15 -- the record for most snow in a 30-day period has already been broken . The previous record was set in 1978 . With the third storm in as many weeks , how long will it be before the new record will be surpassed ? "  I know that it 's frustrating right now , particularly with the amount of snow , and it 's frustrating to all of us , " said Boston Mayor Marty Walsh . "  This is snow like we 've never seen before in the past . " Boston is in the cross hairs again , and winter storm warnings are in place across large portions of the Northeast , including Massachusetts , New York , Connecticut , Rhode Island , Vermont , New Hampshire and Maine . The National Weather Service forecasts 12 to 16 inches of snow by the time the storm ends Tuesday . For upstate New York , the numbers are 8 to 14 inches . After the storm , cold air will funnel in , followed by yet another snow event for Thursday and Friday . Authorities say the problem is not the storm itself , but that it comes right after two previous ones . Three straight Mondays , three straight snowstorms . To put it in perspective : Only nine days into February , the amount of snowfall makes this year the fifth-snowiest recorded February . Schools in parts of the Northeast , including Boston , will be closed Monday and Tuesday . Boston 's mayor said students have n't had a full week of school in three weeks . He issued another snow emergency and parking ban Sunday in anticipation of all the new snow . Cars left on city streets were being ticketed and towed to make room for snowplows . The Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority , known as the T , suspended all rail services starting at 7 p.m. ET Monday . No rail service is scheduled for Tuesday . Walsh urged Bostonians to stay indoors until the worst is over . "  These storms that we 're getting are unprecedented , " he said . "  We 've never seen this type of snow in the city of Boston at any other time in the history of our city . " Track the storm The storm was snarling air traffic again . FlightAware.com showed more than 700 flights within , into and out of the United States canceled for Sunday , on top of the more than 1,900 flights canceled as of Monday at 2:25 p.m. ET . Boston Logan International Airport remained open , but most flights are canceled , Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker said Monday . The big issue for the state , he said , is not the current snowfall but the accumulation of snow over the past two weeks . "  It 's only been 14 days , and we 've gotten 70 to 80 inches of snow around the commonwealth , " Baker said . "  This is pretty much unprecedented . " Later , he told reporters that he had signed an emergency declaration for the state , which should help with access to equipment . "  If I 've learned one thing over the course of the past two weeks , it 's  that  Mother Nature makes the rules , " Baker said . One Boston resident used the hashtag #getmeoutofhere to describe his feelings of being in the city during the storm . The two other storms that hit the Northeast in the past two weeks closed airports , canceled classes and created mountains of snow along cleared roadways . "  It 's kind of depressing sometimes , " Jesus Cora of Nashua , New Hampshire , told CNN affiliate WMUR . "  It 's really depressing , you know ? " Boston University freshman Cameron Barkan shared the same sentiment . "  I 'm tired of it , " said Barkan , who has missed three days of class because of the storms . "  I usually like snow , but this is just a little much . " Boston has also set a record for the snowiest seven-day period , with over 40 inches , the National Weather Service said last week . The city is way past its average annual snowfall of 47 inches . The string of storms is taking a toll on city coffers , too . "  We 've gone through our $ 18 million budget for snow removal , " Walsh said . The weather forced big Massachusetts trials to be delayed . The murder trial of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez has been pushed back to Wednesday , and jury selection in the trial of Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was similarly delayed . CNN meteorologists Monica Garrett and Dave Hennen contributed to this report . CNN 's Faith Karimi , Susanna Capelouto , Josh Levs , Kevin Conlon and Kristina Sgueglia also contributed to this report .	"  Mother Nature makes the rules , " says Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker Boston Logan airport is open , but most flights have been canceled Schools will close Monday and Tuesday in some areas , including Boston
Washington  CNN  -- Hoping to eliminate a problem before it spreads rather than fighting an outbreak once it 's discovered , the USDA announced Wednesday a new tracing method it hopes will protect consumers from eating contaminated meat and poultry . The new strategy changes how meat and poultry processors and the U.S. Department of Agriculture trace E. coli contaminated food in the U.S. food chain . According to the USDA , if food safety inspectors find E. coli during routine sampling , they will now move quickly to identify the supplier and target removing the tainted product from store shelves . CNN.com Health library : What is E. coli ? Additionally , new regulations require meat and poultry processors , farmers and retail establishments to have recall plans in place , notify federal officials within 24 hours if a contaminated product is found and requires better documentation of how they controlled the hazardous meat . According to data on the Centers for Disease Control 's website , multistate outbreaks of foodborne illnesses are reported about four to six times a year on average in the United States . Currently , officials are fighting an outbreak of salmonella from contaminated tuna that has been reported in 24 states and Washington . According to the CDC , 258 people have been infected nationwide . Yellowfin tuna tied to salmonella outbreak The FDA says better tracing will help government officials collaboratively find contamination sources before outbreaks start . According to the CDC , around 48 million people , or one in six Americans get sick , 128,000 are hospitalized and 3,000 die each year from foodborne diseases .	USDA announces a new tracing method for contaminated meat , poultry The goal is to eliminate an outbreak rather than try to contain it Meat and poultry processors , farmers , retailers have new recall regulations
Eating and cooking one 's way through a country is one of the best ways to understand and enjoy a culture . The raw ingredients , finished dishes and smells , tastes and traditions in between meld into unforgettable sensory experiences . Tour operators are offering an increasing number of trips that cater to their guests ' desire to taste -- and cook -- their way through a destination . These newer excursions go far beyond familiar gastronomic pilgrimages to Tuscany . Hungry globetrotters are keen to visit goat-cheese producers in Iceland , with the likes of food writer and chef Jody Eddy ; sample street food in Vietnam on a trip with Artisans of Leisure ; or press their own olive oil in Egypt during a journey with Backpacker Concierge . Our list highlights some of the very best culinary tours around , all of which prove that travel has never tasted so good . Artisans of Leisure , Vietnam After the S-shape curve of the country from north to south , Artisans of Leisure 's private , custom Vietnam for Foodies tours take in cultural and gustatory attractions along the way . Trips start in Hanoi , where guests explore the city 's famed markets , colonial architecture , historical sites and French-influenced restaurants . Next they hop on a traditional junk for a sail across Halong Bay , whose waters teem with prawns , oysters , squid and snapper that are staples of the local cuisine . Visits to the former imperial city of Hue , a vegetarian Buddhist monastery and the herb farms around Hoi An follow  participants pick lemongrass , basil and cilantro and use them to make fresh spring rolls  . Departures : A taste of ancient Greek food The final stop , in Ho Chi Minh City  formerly Saigon  , includes chef-led cooking classes and a street-food tour -- and boundless opportunities for trying snacks such as banh mi  sandwiches  , pho  spicy noodle soup  , goi du du  green papaya salad  and banh xeo  rice pancakes with pork and shrimp  . Eleven-day trips by appointment , from $ 6,810 ; 800-214-8144 . Austin-Lehman Adventures , Athens and the Cyclades Travelers who envision Greece as a never-ending series of secluded beaches , ancient ruins and whitewashed fishing villages wo n't be disappointed here . The weeklong itinerary manages to fold in all the ca n't - miss sights : the Parthenon in Athens , the sparkling shores of Santorini , the cerulean lagoons of Antiparos and the ever-photogenic sugar-cube buildings of Mykonos . But it also provides an in-depth appreciation for the food and flavors of the region . Guests make visits to groves and farms where they can sample honey , olive oil , feta and graviera  a sheep 's - milk cheese  . Departures : Top ` how to ' vacations They also take cooking classes -- sometimes in the island homes of local chefs -- and learn to prepare local dishes such as revythada  slow-cooked chickpea stew  , domatokeftedes  tomato fritters  and tsipoura  fresh-caught sea bream  . eight-day trips  May-October departures  , from $ 5,298 ; 800-575-1540 . Backpacker Concierge , Egypt Daydreams of an Egyptian holiday usually include lots of stock imagery : the soaring pyramids and Great Sphinx at Giza ; the riotous , colorful crowds of the market stalls at Cairo 's Khan al Khalili . But until recently most travelers have n't wondered much about the flavors of this desert country -- a situation Backpacker Concierge aims to change with its new bespoke culinary excursions there . Departures : World 's top tasting menus While guests on the tours can see all the quintessential Egyptian sights , they also partake in some truly unusual gastronomic experiences , including touring the country 's little-known northern wineries ; learning to make Egyptian specialties such as mahshy  stuffed zucchini and cabbage leaves  and duqqa  roasted ground hazelnuts and spices  in a chef 's home kitchen ; and , in the remote village of Siwa , pressing olive oil and making date honey by hand . Seven-day trips by appointment , from $ 1,700 ; 248-507-4666 . Caribbean Culinary Tours , Jamaica Though they are one of the closest holiday destinations for North Americans , the Caribbean islands are home to a singularly vivid and eclectic cuisine . And while many island nations here have their own particular culinary traditions , perhaps none is as distinctive as Jamaica 's -- a blend of African , European and Asian influences that gave birth to such signature preparations as jerk-spiced meat and fish , ackee and saltfish , curried goat and festival  deep-fried bread balls  . Departures : American chocolate tours It takes an islander to help visitors properly navigate this gastronomic landscape , and Dominican-born chef Freda Gore does just that by leading her Caribbean Culinary Tours cooking seminars , guiding trips to roadside farmers ' stalls , restaurants and rum distilleries and -- in between -- allowing for downtime for sunning , snorkeling and cocktails . April 12-18 , from $ 2,999 ; 615-609-5421 . Epitourean , Lima and Machu Picchu , Peru A Peruvian tasting tour capped off by a trek to the most dazzling UNESCO World Heritage site on the South American continent ? A traveler would need to be scared of heights -- or ceviche -- to pass it up . Epitourean 's itinerary provides an array of food-related experiences , including cooking classes -- which teach the finer points of wild-boar carapulcra  stew  and morada  shredded chicken with purple potato and aji amarillo  -- and trips to markets , pisco taverns in Lima and street-food stalls in Cusco . In between gastronomic adventures , however , there is plenty of time to visit historic cathedrals , museums and Incan ruins , the most spectacular of which is , of course , the ancient high-altitude site of Machu Picchu , the figurative and literal peak of the tour . Ten-day trips by appointment , from $ 3,690 ; 800-390-3292 . Jody Eddy , Iceland Food writer and chef Jody Eddy , whose cooking resume includes stints at Jean-Georges and Tabla in New York , teamed with Icelandic chef Kjartan Gislason to put together this new culinary adventure for August . Trip participants will enjoy Iceland 's breathtaking natural landscapes , soaking in mountain-ringed geothermal pools , hiking alongside thundering waterfalls and sailing to remote north-coast islands . Departures : Most bikeable wine regions In between , they will visit with growers and producers of distinctly Icelandic products such as smoked arctic char , skyr  a tangy local yogurt  , sweet rye bread , reindeer carpaccio and liqueurs made with rhubarb , birch and caraway . Guests will also get demonstrations from and take meals with some of the country 's most celebrated chefs , including Gunnar Karl Gislason , whose Reykjavik restaurant Dill  dillrestaurant.is  set the bar for modern Icelandic cuisine . August 16-23 , from $ 3,900 . TripFeast , Thailand Many travelers know Thailand as a street-food paradise , and rightly so . One could easily spend months trolling Bangkok 's wok-wielding vendors and snacking on oyster omelets , spicy noodles and barbecued squid . With its Gourmet Thailand tour , however , TripFeast brings guests far beyond the street carts . The Bangkok-based itinerary is built around classes at some of the country 's best cooking schools , where refined dishes such as pla goong  spicy prawn salad with Thai herbs  are learned . Guests explore the famous Damnoen Saduak Floating Market and take trips to mussel farms , fishing villages and even a tropical-climate winery along the western edge of the Bay of Bangkok . Visits to Buddhist temples , tuk tuk rides and a night tour of Bangkok 's vibrant Chinatown are also on the itinerary . Eight-day trips  March and November departures  , from $ 2,075 ; 347-380-6959 .	Pick lemongrass , basil and cilantro and use them to make fresh spring rolls in Vietnam Learn to make Greek dishes such as revythada and domatokeftedes in a Greek chef 's island home Enjoy a glass of wine in Egypt 's little-known northern wineries
CNN  -- Getting an introduction to Tiger - a 176 pound  80 kilogram  Tibetan mastiff kept on the roof space of a cramped five-story village house in Hong Kong 's New Territories -- is a complicated process . The first step is to stand as far away from his cage as is humanly possible ; on just 600 square feet of roof space -- and with Tiger a barking , growling , slavering ball of caged fury - nowhere is really quite far enough away . The next step is for his owners to check that all doors are secured and that no one the dog does n't know is wandering around . One of his owners then enters his cage , slips his chain off the hook bolted into the wall and wraps it tightly three times around his hand . Outside the cage , Tiger undergoes a personality change . Now happily around his owners , he 's a placid , bearlike , drooling ball of household pet . Just do n't pat him if you do n't know him . The current vogue for Tibetan mastiffs in mainland China -- where the nouveau riche have reportedly paid as much as US$ 750,000 for prize-winning specimens -- has reached Hong Kong , though keeping big dogs in a city where the average flat size is just 484 square feet  45 square meters  presents a dangerous challenge . Tiger 's owners , who did not want to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue , know only too well how much trouble a Tibetan mastiff can cause . A pack animal by instinct , and traditionally bred by Tibetan tribesmen to protect flocks against large wild predators such as wolves and snow leopards , the breed can be hostile to those it considers a threat to its family . "  We used to keep Tiger in the house and he was fine with everyone , " his owner told CNN . "  But one day , the front door was left open , he got out and attacked a neighbor . The breed ` locks on ' when they bite and this guy had to have 20 stitches . "  Fortunately for us , the neighbor understood about dogs and was quite reasonable about the whole thing , but it cost us $ HK2 ,000  $ 257 in U.S.  in fines , " he said . Hong Kong-based vet and animal behaviorist Dr. Cynthia Smillie said Tibetan mastiffs , apart from being ill-suited to Hong Kong 's muggy tropical climate , are temperamentally a poor fit in this densely-populated city where a high level of socialization is demanded of people let alone big dog breeds . She said of the two Tibetan mastiff she had dealt with , one had already been put down after attacking a man and hospitalizing him for several weeks . "  It 's a very unsuitable dog for your average pet owner regardless of whether it 's in Hong Kong or anywhere else -- you need to have a lot of experience to handle these dogs appropriately , " said Smillie . "  They come from the Himalayas and because they have n't been bred in the West for a long period of time , they are still regarded as a primitive breed . So many of their instincts are hard-wired -- they have that deeply protective guarding instinct and they 're very wary of strangers . "  Unless they 're very well socialized as young dogs , they have the potential to be protective in situations that are not threatening . They can be quite reactive to perceived threats although they 're very gentle with their own families and even with children . " Demand for the breed in Hong Kong -- often fueled by celebrity owners such as rock star Paul Wong formerly of the Canto rock group Beyond - has fueled a thriving , and sometimes illicit , business in mainland China . While Hong Kong , as a non-rabies zone , has stringent import restrictions on pets , requiring at least four months quarantine for dogs and cats imported from mainland China , it 's not difficult to find pet shop owners in nearby Shenzhen that can deliver a Tibetan Mastiff to the front door of a Hong Kong apartment within two weeks . "  Do n't worry about taking the dog over yourself , " said a pet shop owner in Shenzhen 's Nanshan District , a high-end strip of pet shops punctuated by the occasional wine cellar , an accurate pitch to the tastes of China 's status-conscious middle class . "  We can put it into the animal hospital next door for two weeks so that you know it 's healthy and then our people will take it over the border for you . "  The couriers have a ` special relationship ' with the border authorities so it 's no problem . Depending on the color you want , a Tibetan mastiff costs about 17,000 RMB  $ 2,900  and I 'll have to check on the delivery . "  Just to give you a rough idea , a small dog costs about 700 Renminbi to deliver and the price goes up depending on its size . " 700 Renminbi is about $ 113 U.S. dollars . Asked if he gets a lot of orders from Hong Kong , he produces a manila folder with a sheaf of some dozen or more orders from the special administrative region . "  Actually , pets in Shenzhen are so cheap that a lot of people make good money selling the dogs again in Hong Kong . It 's a good business for them . " Fiona Woodhouse , the deputy director of welfare at Hong Kong 's Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , says puppy smuggling -- often feeding the demand for status symbol dogs - represents a real threat to Hong Kong 's high standards of public health . "  We are very concerned about this , " she said . "  If you go to pet markets in China , people will offer to get the dog to Hong Kong for you , but in a lot of our advertising we ask pet buyers not to do that because it 's a serious risk . "  Firstly , you do n't know how the animal has been kept or bred and there 's a welfare issue for the mother and the puppies . Secondly , there 's a disease risk with normal dog diseases such as parvovirus and distemper . But thirdly , and more importantly for the whole of Hong Kong , there 's the risk of rabies . "  Hong Kong is rabies-free ; we 've got very good quarantine system and vaccination system but obviously smuggling puts that at real risk , " she said . She says demand for status dog breeds in Hong Kong comes in waves and normally follows the release of Hollywood films and popular television shows . "  We might get a lot of huskies after a film like ` Below Zero ' , chihuahuas after all the ` Beverly Hills Chihuahua ' films , dalmations after ' 101 Dalmations . ' So we do get cycles , but they tend to be driven by popular culture rather than pure status over who 's got the most expensive dog , " she added . Ultimately , the problem of space in Hong Kong has driven home the reality of keeping inappropriate dogs in a highly urban environment . Woodhouse says the SPCA is seeing fewer instances of people keeping three Great Danes in 400 square foot flat . "  I ca n't say we do n't get that anymore , but it 's less of a problem than we used to see , " she said . "  Way back in the early '90s when pet keeping was becoming popular -- and a lot of the animals were imported from overseas into Hong Kong -- you 'd see the scenario where people would turn up with two St. Bernard puppies saying they could n't afford the vet bills . "  I 'd tell them ` Look , if you ca n't afford the vet bills , how are you going to afford to feed them ? Because I can tell you , the bills you 'll see today will be nothing next to what you 'll have to pay in food in three months ' time ' . "	Popularity of Tibetan mastiff reaches Hong Kong Dogs are ill-suited to Hong Kong 's muggy tropical climate and high density city Demand for status dog breeds in Hong Kong comes in waves
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  At least 15 people , including two members of Parliament and a deputy mayor , were killed Friday when militants attacked a hotel frequented by government officials in the heart of Somalia 's capital , police said . The bloodshed began when a car packed with explosives blew up near the main gate of the high-profile Central Hotel , which is a few miles from Somalia 's presidential palace , Mogadishu police Capt. Hassan Abdi told CNN . The explosion was followed by heavy gunfire between the attackers and hotel guards , witnesses said . Then came a second blast -- a suicide bombing carried out by a woman near a mosque inside the hotel -- as other attackers shot their way in , Abdi said . "  I saw ... several people burned by the flames of the explosions lying on the blood-filled ground inside the hotel , " said Mustaf Mohamed , who runs a small shop nearby . Government ministers , members of Parliament , army officers and other officials often go to the Central Hotel . Deputy Prime Minister Mohamed Omar Arte was among those inside at the time of the attack , having just attended traditional Friday prayers there . He suffered minor injuries but survived , according to state media , as did Transportation Minister Ali Jama Jangeli . But other prominent politicians did not make it . They include Parliament members Hajji Gafe and Ali Omar , as well as Mohamed Aden Guled , Mogadishu 's deputy mayor , Abdi said . In addition to the dead , 20 others were wounded in the attack . Al-Shabaab , an Islamist extremist group blamed for terrorist acts in Somalia and beyond over the years , claimed responsibility , Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab , a spokesman , said on militant-run Andulus radio . Villa Somalia , the East African country 's equivalent of the U.S. White House , sharply condemned what it called "  today 's outrage . " The presidential palace tweeted , citing President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud , " #AlShabaab are un-Islamic and anti-democracy . " Since emerging in the mid-2000s , Al-Shabaab has been intent on taking control of Somalia , one of the world 's poorest countries , with a gross domestic product per person that ranks 226th out of 228 countries . Its militants have repeatedly targeted Somali officials , soldiers and institutions in the East African nation . The group 's focus has broadened , especially since then-leader Ahmed Godane announced in 2012 that his followers "  will march with  al Qaeda  as loyal soldiers . " What is Al-Shabaab , and what does it want ? The following year , Al-Shabaab carried out its most high-profile operation yet at the upscale Westgate Mall in Nairobi , Kenya . Shoppers were gunned down , held hostage and tortured . Four days later , the siege ended with as many as 67 dead and parts of the mall destroyed . Al-Shabaab has never forgotten its home base of Somalia . The Somali government , helped by allies including the United States and African Union , has managed to strike significant blows against the group , including a 2014 U.S. operation that killed Godane . But Al-Shabaab has continued its campaign of violence in attacks such as a suicide blast last month on a Somali army convoy in Mogadishu , the bombing of a bus carrying Kenyan teachers in Galkayo , Somalia , and an attack on an African Union military base . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta .	Al-Shabaab was behind the attack , a spokesman for the group says Deputy prime minister suffered minor injuries ; 2 parliamentarians died Police say the attack involved a car bombing , suicide blast and gunfire
After helping the Brooklyn Nets to relocate from New Jersey to his hometown borough this season , Jay-Z announced Friday that he will be selling his stake in the pro basketball team . Earlier this month , the rapper and entrepreneur launched Roc Nation Sports , a joint-venture sports management agency with Creative Arts Agency . National Basketball Association rules stipulate that agents ca n't both represent professional athletes and have a stake in a team . For Jay-Z to move forward as an agent , he had to relinquish control of the sports franchise . Jay-Z , whose real name is Shawn Carter , explained his departure in the following statement : "  Being a member of the Nets organization surpassed some of my greatest ambitions . It was never about an investment ; it was about the NETS and Brooklyn . My job as an owner is over but as a fan it has just begun . I 'm a Brooklyn Net forever . It 's been an honor to work with Mikhail Prokhorov , Dmitry Razumov , Christophe Charlier , ONEXIM Sports and Entertainment , Brett Yormark and all the wonderful people involved in making the Nets first class . My sincerest thanks goes to Bruce Ratner , who first introduced the idea of moving the Nets to Brooklyn . A thank you and deepest appreciation goes to the fans . You are the lifeblood of any team . " The statement continued : "  The Nets have made their mark on the NBA and as they enter a new era , Roc Nation does as well ; as we embark on Roc Nation Sports . Our newest endeavor is committed to building the brands of professional athletes as we have done for some of today 's top music artists . For Roc Nation Sports to function at its full potential , NBA rules stipulate that I relinquish my ownership in the Brooklyn Nets . It was a tough decision but as I stated earlier , it 's not about ownership . Congratulations to The Nets on a great season and making the playoffs ! I will always be a Brooklyn Net . " Roc Nation Sports signed New York Yankees all-star second baseman Robinson Cano as its first client .	Jay-Z is selling his stake in the Brooklyn Nets Earlier this month , he launched a sports management agency "  I will always be a Brooklyn Net , " he said in a statement
CNN  -- Following a fall movie season filled with tales of gritty survival and the resilience of the human spirit , now comes family dysfunction and corruption . Between Thanksgiving and New Year 's Day , the cineplex will boast a selection that zeroes in on greed  "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  and con artists  "  American Hustle "  , plus families lost  "  Out of the Furnace "  , found  "  Philomena "  , comically troubled  "  August : Osage County "  and created from operating systems  "  Her "  . What a merry season , right ? Here are the 10 movies that we ca n't wait to dig in to over the next six weeks -- for a more comprehensive guide to titles to watch for , check out the holiday movie guide above . 1 . "  Philomena "  November 27 What it 's about : Judi Dench stars as an older Irish woman who teams up with journalist Martin Sixsmith  Steve Coogan  to find the son she had out of wedlock 50 years earlier . It 's based on the true story of Philomena Lee , who , as a pregnant teenager in the '50s , was left at a convent where she was forced to give up her child for adoption .  If you want to catch up on the story behind the film , Martin Sixsmith chronicled the journey in the 2009 book , "  The Lost Child of Philomena Lee . " Who it stars : Directed by Stephen Frears , "  Philomena " also stars Michelle Fairley , Mare Winningham and Sophie Kennedy Clark , who portrays the younger version of Philomena . The buzz : Critics and audiences fell in love with this movie when it screened at the Venice Film Festival . "  Philomena " is n't without its flaws -- some have complained that the script can veer toward righteousness -- but they 're easy to overlook with Dench and Coogan  who also co-wrote the script  anchoring the touching drama . 2 . "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom "  November 29 , limited What it 's about : Based on the autobiography of Nelson Mandela , this biopic from Justin Chadwick promises to introduce moviegoers to the man who became a legendary leader . Obviously , that 's a huge promise that inevitably will go unfulfilled -- after all , this is the long and influential scope of Mandela 's life we 're talking about . Still , Chadwick , with a screenplay from William Nicholson , retraces Mandela 's rise from boyhood to revolutionary leader to international icon . Who it stars : Idris Elba  Mandela  , Naomie Harris  Winnie Mandela  , Tony Kgoroge and Terry Pheto . The buzz : With such a valuable story at stake , Idris Elba 's performance is being closely watched as a potential contender this awards season . And while early reviews have been mixed , everyone 's agreed that Elba shines as Mandela . 3 . "  Out of the Furnace "  December 6 What it 's about : The story of a desperate man seeking justice for his family has been told with success earlier this year -- see Hugh Jackman 's "  Prisoners " -- but Scott Cooper 's "  Out of the Furnace " is taking a different approach . This crime thriller centers on brothers Russell and Rodney Blaze . The former is a blue-collar steel mill worker who spends his nights caring for their terminally ill father . The other brother , Rodney , is an Iraqi war vet who literally loses himself in an infamous crime ring . When police fail to locate Rodney , Russell takes the search for his missing family into his own hands . Who it stars : Christian Bale  Russell Blaze  ; Casey Affleck  Rodney Blaze  ; Zoe Saldana ; Woody Harrelson ; Sam Shepard and Forest Whitaker . The buzz : "  Out of the Furnace " has two draws right off the bat . There 's the return of Scott Cooper as a writer/director following his massive 2009 success with "  Crazy Heart . " And then there 's the crazy strong line-up in the cast that left the Hollywood Reporter calling the drama solidly well-acted . 4 . "  The Hobbit : Desolation of Smaug "  December 13 What it 's about : If you really need to know what "  Desolation of Smaug " is about , start with J.R.R. Tolkien 's "  The Hobbit , " as that 's the basis for Peter Jackson 's trilogy . But Jackson has taken some liberties with translating Tolkien 's children 's classic to the big screen . As hobbit Bilbo Baggins joins 13 dwarves on their mission to reclaim their land from the vile dragon Smaug , the crew encounter mythical obstacles as well as a character of Jackson 's own imagination , Evangeline Lilly 's elf Tauriel . Who it stars : Martin Freeman  Bilbo Baggins  ; Ian McKellen ; Richard Armitage ; Orlando Bloom ; and Benedict Cumberbatch as the voice of Smaug . The buzz : The first installment of "  The Hobbit " franchise , 2012 's "  The Hobbit : An Unexpected Journey , " was criticized for both its unconventional film speed and its meandering pace . This time around , trailers have emphasized the greater stakes and action at play in "  Desolation of Smaug " -- and whenever Cumberbatch is the villain , you know you 're in for a fun time . 5 . "  her "  December 18 , limited What it 's about : A modern but sincere love story , "  her " follows a lonely , heartbroken writer named Theodore who finds love 2.0 with an operating system . Set in a futuristic Los Angeles , the OS is a female personal assistant named Samantha who can put Siri to shame . Who it stars : Joaquin Phoenix  Theodore  ; Scarlett Johansson  Samantha  ; Amy Adams ; Chris Pratt ; Rooney Mara ; Olivia Wilde ; and Portia Doubleday . The buzz : With director Spike Jonze at the helm , "  her " made an ostentatious splash on the film festival circuit this year , setting it up for lots of attention in its limited release . The story raises so many questions about social engagement and matters of the heart in the digital age , and it does n't hurt that Phoenix , Johansson and Adams turn in strong performances as well . 6 . "  American Hustle "  December 18 What it 's about : Pulling inspiration from the FBI 's Abscam operation of the late 1970s , "  American Hustle " is a glorious pairing of criminals and the law in an effort to suss out corrupt politicians . The story centers on con artist Irving Rosenfeld and his partner Sydney Prosser as they 're forced to work with FBI agent Richie DiMaso to pull off the sting . Who it stars : A cast does n't get much better than this : Bradley Cooper  Richie DiMaso  ; Christian Bale  Irving Rosenfeld  ; Amy Adams  Sydney Prosser  ; Jeremy Renner  politician Carmine Polito  ; and Jennifer Lawrence  Irving 's wife Rosalyn  all star . The buzz : With so many marquee names -- some of whom are reteaming with director David O. Russell after winning over audiences with 2012 's "  Silver Linings Playbook " -- "  American Hustle " looks to be all but a slam-dunk with audiences and critics . 7 . "  Inside Llewyn Davis "  December 20 What it 's about : In the folk scene of Greenwich Village in 1961 , a musician by the name of Llewyn Davis is struggling to make something of his career . Formerly of a folk music duo , Davis is attempting to craft solo stardom while relying on the kindness of friends to help keep a roof over his head . He 's talented , yes , but not at all likeable , as the audience learns while following Davis from one couch to the next . Who it stars : Oscar Issac  Llewyn Davis  ; John Goodman ; Garrett Hedlund ; Justin Timberlake ; and Carey Mulligan . The buzz : Ethan and Joel Coen wrote and directed this humorous drama , and T-Bone Burnett executive produced the soundtrack . Like "  O Brother Where Art Thou ? , " the music from "  Inside Llewyn Davis " is as integral to the project as the performances . 8 . "  Saving Mr. Banks "  December 20 What it 's about : Before 1964 's "  Mary Poppins " became a classic , a battle was waged between the character 's creator , P. L. Travers , and the man who promised his daughters he 'd turn the mystical nanny into a movie , Walt Disney . "  Saving Mr. Banks " recounts Disney 's persistent wooing of Travers and the behind the scenes give-and-take that led to "  Mary Poppins " being made . Who it stars : Tom Hanks  Walt Disney  ; Emma Thompson  P. L. Travers  ; Colin Farrell ; Paul Giamatti and Bradley Whitford . The buzz : Directed by John Lee Hancock , critics have praised Disney for not turning "  Saving Mr. Banks " into a self-admiring love letter -- a feat owed in great amounts to the performances of Hanks and Thompson . 9 . "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  December 25 What it 's about : In the 1990s , penny stockbroker Jordan Belfort was living a life of extreme decadence won from his fraudulent scheming -- that is , until his house of cards began to crumble and resulted in his arrest . Belfort 's swindling , already captured in his memoir "  The Wolf of Wall Street , " is making the leap to the big screen with Leonardo DiCaprio as the "  wolf " himself . Who it stars : Directed by Martin Scorsese , "  The Wolf of Wall Street " also stars Jonah Hill ; Margot Robbie ; P.J. Byrne and Jon Favreau . The buzz : The movie 's release recently had a close call when it looked like it was going to drop off the 2013 calendar altogether ; thankfully , Paramount is still going to make the cut with the December 25 release date . The combination of Scorsese and DiCaprio is n't always a sure thing -- remember "  Shutter Island " ? -- but we 're placing our bets with this delicious look at the perils of excess . 10 . "  August : Osage County "  December 25 What it 's about : The story here originated with Tracy Letts ' award-winning 2007 stage production , which has been transformed for the screen with John Wells at the helm . "  August : Osage County " reunites the three daughters of the Oklahoma-based Weston family , grounded by cancer-stricken matriarch Violet , after a painful loss . What results is a darkly funny examination of the ties that bind . Who it stars : This cast is virtual awards-season catnip , packed with the likes of Meryl Streep  Violet  , Julia Roberts , Margo Martindale , Juliette Lewis , Benedict Cumberbatch , Julianne Nicholson , Ewan McGregor and Sam Shepard , among others . The buzz : Early reviews from film festivals suggest that "  August : Osage County " has n't rid an ounce of its theatricality as it moved from stage to screen , and Meryl Streep in particular goes big with her role . Yet subtle and compelling performances from supporting cast , mixed with the story 's juicy , humorous drama , should nonetheless make it a draw .	The holiday movie season zeroes in on family , greed and corruption Anticipated films range from biopics to musical dramas Celebrated directors like Spike Jonze , the Coen Brothers and Scott Cooper release new films
CNN  -- Roger Federer finally clinched his first Paris Masters crown Sunday after a straight-sets victory over Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . The world number four took just one hour and 26 minutes to record a 6-1 7-6 win and collect his 18th Masters Series trophy . Federer has 16 grand slam titles to his name , including the French Open in 2009 , but had never previously made the final of the hard-court tournament in Paris . And the 30-year-old made light work of the opening set , saving two early break points before racing into a 5-0 lead , eventually wrapping it up in just half an hour . But the second set was a far closer affair as Tsonga forced his way back into the match and took it to a tie break . But Federer snuffed out any hope of a deciding set with an emphatic 7-3 win to move into second place on the all-time Masters Series titles list with 18 , one behind Rafael Nadal . "  I 'm just really ecstatic to have played so well this week from start to finish , " Federer told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  Basically from first ball struck against  Adrian  Mannarino all the way until the very end here . I could n't be more happy . "  I have had many attempts trying to win Paris Bercy , and for some reason , I was n't able to win it earlier . But this one obviously feels great and it 's a special victory . " It was Federer 's 69th career title from 99 finals and he will now take a 12-match winning streak into the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London later this month following his victory in his home event in Basel . "  I have played well for a few months now . Maybe I did n't win the U.S. Open , but we all know I was one point away from making the finals and then who knows ? " he said after becoming the first man to compete in the finals of all nine Masters Series events . "  But Novak was able to come back in that great match against me at the Open . And before that I think I had some really good moments , where I actually did play very well , such as Wimbledon and the French Open where I think more was possible , too . "  I have had some really tough losses this year , but I kept believing that still the year was n't over , I can still finish this year on a high , which that proves to be the case . Now I still have a massive highlight coming up in a week 's time . " Tsonga will move to a career-high sixth in the world rankings on Monday but he rued not being able to take advantage of the two break points he had during the opening game of the final . "  If I had played better at the start it would have changed things . The key of the match was there , " said the 26-year-old , who beat Federer in the Wimbledon quarterfinals this year and then at the Montreal Masters before losing to the Swiss at Flushing Meadows . "  Every time we play each other it 's similar . If I am able to fight back at the start , then I play well . But if I lose the first set like I did today , then it becomes more difficult for me . "	Roger Federer defeats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to clinch his first Paris Masters title World number four beats Frenchman Tsonga 6-1 7-6 to seal 69th career victory Federer has now won 18 Masters Series titles , one less than world No. 2 Rafael Nadal
CNN  -- Did you have a Franz Ferdinand moment when you first heard about Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 crashing in eastern Ukraine ? I am talking about the Austrian Archduke Franz Ferdinand , whose assassination 100 years ago sparked World War I . The reaction from some politicians and hacks suggested they were having such a moment , after the MH17 crash -- hinting that the world would never be the same . The Malaysian Boeing 777 , en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur , crashed in the Donetsk region of war torn eastern Ukraine , in an area controlled by anti-government forces , known as "  pro-Russian separatists " in the West . Even before any details of the crash were confirmed , Russia found itself in the dock , accused of being responsible for the deaths of 298 people on board that plane , including citizens of the Netherlands , Malaysia , Australia and the Philippines . The most amazing part of this whole dramatic saga came when Russian President Vladimir Putin held a "  scheduled , " as we were assured , phone conversation with U.S. President Barack Obama , which , as fate would have it , actually took place when the wreckage of flight MH17 was still burning on the ground in a field not far from the town of Shahtersk . Talk about coincidences , eh ? According to Kremlin and White House statements on the call , Obama and Putin discussed the crisis on the ground in Ukraine , sanctions and ways to find a diplomatic solution before Putin noted reports that a Malaysian plane had crashed . Details of the two leaders ' exchange regarding the crash have not been revealed but it would seem safe to assume that Putin would have tried to assure his American counterpart that Russia had nothing to do with the downing of the airliner . Obama probably pretended to believe him but kept an open mind about it , especially as his stern-faced national security advisers -- of whom there are plenty these days -- were likely telling him that everything pointed to Russia playing some part in this tragedy . Naturally , the moment the plane hit the ground , the Ukrainian government pointed the finger of blame at Moscow , accusing it of arming the rebels in the east and providing all sorts of backup . Handily , a recording of a supposed phone conversation between two "  Russian officers , " one in eastern Ukraine and the other in Russia , was produced , intended to prove that they were discussing the downing of the plane . But , in all honesty , it would be tough for the Ukrainian government and its allies to explain how this rag tag army -- and yes , it is a rag tag army , whatever some people claim -- could have managed to bring down a plane flying at an altitude of 33,000 feet . Some talking heads on the box have been saying that as the separatists have already brought down a number of Ukrainian aircraft they could have shot down flight MH17 . There 's only one problem though : all the previous aircraft were flying at much lower altitudes , some actually as low as a few hundred yards from the ground , while flight MH17 was way out of reach of all the shoulder-held antiaircraft missiles that the anti-government forces have in their possession . So to bring down a passenger plane at such altitude a much more sophisticated system would have been needed , not to mention personnel on the ground with the specific training required to operate it . Nevertheless , Putin will have a very tough time convincing the world that Russia had nothing to do with the downing of flight MH17 . Because on the face of it the circumstantial evidence is against him . You know , Crimea becoming part of Russia and "  pro-Russian separatists " waging a war with government troops in the east with Moscow 's backing . So in the Kremlin they are obviously getting ready for some serious turbulence , if you pardon the expression , hoping to tough it out -- especially as the situation at the moment remains unclear , with both the Russian military and the Pentagon providing conflicting reports of what "  might " have happened . Mind you , the Kremlin has already come up with one brilliant move , saying last night it would refuse to accept the two black boxes from flight MH17 that have been recovered by the anti-government fighters at the place of the crash . In theory that denies Kiev the opportunity to claim that Russia is "  tampering " with the evidence ... although Ukraine claimed Friday that Russia held the recording devices nonetheless . The one thing that will most definitely change after the downing of flight MH17 is that the civil war raging in Ukraine that had somehow been forgotten by the outside world will now -- with the death of nearly 300 foreign citizens -- get an international dimension . And maybe , just maybe , all the key players will now make a serious effort to try to stop the bloodshed there . And the Franz Ferdinand moment will just be a moment and nothing else .	Russia is in the dock over MH17 , despite few confirmed facts , says Alexander Nekrassov Nekrassov says Ukraine has blamed Moscow for the crash , accusing it of arming rebels But he says it would be tough for Kiev to argue how a "  rag tag army " could bring down a plane The tragedy will hopefully focus international attention on ending the Ukraine bloodshed , he says
A winter storm swept through much of the Northeast Monday , creating slick roads , snarling air travel and stranding thousands of fans trying to head home after the Super Bowl . Slushy , wet snow is falling in New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania . Some areas could get 10 inches of snow or more . "  The Northeast faces a triple threat this week , " said Dave Hennen , CNN 's senior meteorologist . "  Monday 's storm is just a preview of things to come . Expect another round of winter weather Tuesday , and perhaps a bigger storm over the weekend into early next week . " The storm had dumped six inches of snow in New York City by midday Monday , Hennen said . With temperatures dipping below freezing Monday night , that could lead to an icy glaze on city streets and sidewalks , he said . The situation is so bad in New Jersey that Gov. Chris Christie has declared a state of emergency . "  Today 's winter storm is expected to produce heavy snow and travel hazards throughout the state , affecting tonight 's evening commute , " the governor said in a statement . He urged people to remain off the roads so that first responders and public safety officials could respond to any emergency situations . At a news conference Monday afternoon , New York Mayor Bill de Blasio also urged people to stay off the streets . "  Things are going to be messy today , " de Blasio said . "  Snow is coming down faster than we can plow it ... we have a very aggressive plowing operation going on , but the snow is coming down very rapidly . " He said the Big Apple is buckling down and preparing aggressively for the three storms expected this week . There has been one weather-related death in New York . An elderly man was hit by a backhoe pushing snow in front of his Brooklyn home Monday , New York police officials said . The 73-year-old victim was rushed to hospital where he later died , police said . A winter warning is also in effect for Philadelphia , according to the National Weather Service . Boston is under a winter storm watch Tuesday night through Wednesday afternoon . Brutal weather impacts air travel The wintry weather grounded air travel just a day after the Super Bowl brought people from across the country to the Northeast . By 5 p.m. ET Monday , more than 1,900 flights had been canceled within , into or out of the United States , according to FlightAware.com , an online site that tracks flight data . More than 6,000 flights were delayed . The majority of those cancellations have come from LaGuardia , Newark Liberty International , and Philadelphia International airports . "  Monday morning is one of the busiest times for air travel -- business travelers pack flights as they start the week , " Daniel Baker , FlightAware 's chief executive officer , wrote via e-mail . "  With tens of thousands of Super Bowl fans planning to return home on Monday , there 's not a lot of available seats to accommodate everyone who was displaced in the wave of canceled flights this morning . " Newark , John F. Kennedy International and LaGuardia airports are preparing cots and pillows for travelers who may need them overnight , according to Cheryl Albiez , spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , which operates all three airports . Francois Emond , of Alma , Quebec , arrived at Newark airport at 6 a.m. Monday to find his flight home had been canceled . Wearing a Seahawks championship hat and an ear-to-ear smile , he told CNN affiliate WABC that he did n't care about the cancellation or the weather in light of Seattle 's victory . "  The night will be very short , " Emond said . "  When you win a Super Bowl for the first time , the night is very , very short . " He planned to spend an extra night at his hotel in New York . Hotel operators in the city said they are bracing for a lot of last-minute bookings as guests come back from airports . Many hotels report that guests are extending their stays . This is the second wintry blast this year for the Northeast . Last month , extreme cold , strong winds and snow pummeled communities from New York to Massachusetts to Maine . And it 's not just the Northeast bracing for winter weather . In the Midwest , an ice storm and significant snow are expected to hit cities such as Oklahoma City , Kansas City , St. Louis , Chicago and Detroit between Monday and Wednesday . "  The month of January was the third-snowiest for Chicago , " said CNN meteorologist Hennen , adding the area was deluged with 33.7 inches of snow . "  If you go back the last 50 days , it 's literally snowed every other day in Chicago . " The weather is living up to Punxsutawney Phil 's predictions . The famed groundhog in Pennsylvania saw his shadow Sunday , on Groundhog Day . If you believe him , that means six more weeks of wintry weather .	More than 1,900 flights have been canceled New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie declares state of emergency Brooklyn man killed in snowplow accident Midwest is also bracing for more ice and snow
South Korean forensics officials say they are sure the body found in a plum orchard last month is Yoo Byung Eun , a billionaire fugitive who was wanted in connection to the fatal Sewol ferry crash that claimed nearly 300 lives . But the country 's forensics service said there was no way to determine the cause of death of Yoo , 73 , because of the decomposed state of the body . Officials said that fingerprint , dental and DNA evidence confirmed his identity . According to various tests conducted , Yoo was not poisoned or suffocated . They found no trace of poison or alcohol , said Lee Han-Young , head of the Central Legal Medical Center . There were no signs of external force that may have caused death , he added . Yoo had been wanted by South Korean authorities , as prosecutors believed he and his sons controlled the shipping company that operated the Sewol ferry that sank on April 16 . Yoo 's representatives denied this allegation . His supporters claimed that Yoo had been made into a scapegoat for the ferry tragedy . The sinking killed 294 people on board , including hundreds of high school students who were on a field trip . More than 100 days after the incident , divers are still searching for bodies . Ten people remain missing . Yoo was a religious figure of the Evangelical Baptist Church , which was founded by his father-in-law . A spokesman for the group confirmed Yoo 's death on Friday . It was still unclear when Yoo died . South Korean authorities had been under scrutiny for their inability to find the elusive billionaire despite a massive manhunt , involving 8,000 officers , in the weeks following the incident . Suggestions that police bungled the investigation prompted officers to hold Friday 's press conference . The identification process took 40 days , after the body was found on June 12 . Korean authorities performed two autopsies and the test results matched , Lee said . Yoo 's body can now be turned over to his family , but the whereabouts of most of his children are not known . Yoo 's wife , Kwon Yun-Ja , is under arrest in South Korea .	South Korean forensics : Body found in June is Yoo Byung Eun Authorities : Yoo 's cause of death can not be determined Yoo was wanted by prosecutors in connection to Sewol ferry crash Two autopsies performed and results matched , says official
CNN  -- West Ham United will ban fans for life if they are found to have aired anti-Semitic chants during their English Premier League clash with Tottenham Hotspur on Sunday . The English Football Association  FA  has confirmed they have launched an investigation into chants from the stands during the match at White Hart Lane . Tottenham have strong links with London 's Jewish community and it is alleged West Ham 's supporters sang songs about Adolf Hitler and referred to an incident last week which saw several Spurs fans stabbed in Rome . West Ham confirmed two of their fans had been cautioned by police for "  racially aggravated gesturing " on their official website . "  One of those fans has since been identified as a season ticket holder and has , this afternoon , been sent a letter containing a banning order from the club , " they said . "  Any other individuals identified can expect a similar swift and robust response . " It is the latest racism storm to engulf England 's top flight , after recent high-profile cases involving Chelsea captain John Terry , who was banned for racially abusing an opponent . Last week Chelsea 's complaint of racist language towards one of their players from Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg was dismissed by the FA due to a lack of evidence . A statement on the FA 's website read : "  The FA Governance Department has this morning contacted both clubs and will continue to make enquiries into the matter in the coming days . "  We note the statement issued by West Ham United FC and encourage clubs to identify and ban for life any individuals involved in incidents of abusive chanting . "  There is no place for anti-Semitism or any form of discrimination in football . The FA is committed to working with the clubs , Leagues , fans groups , the police , CPS and community stakeholders to play our part in addressing this unacceptable behavior . " West Ham 's Israeli midfielder Yossi Benayoun took to micro-blogging site Twitter to express his dismay at the chanting . He wrote : "  I have a great relationship with the West Ham United supporters , from my first spell at the club and again now I am back on loan here , this why I was very disappointed to hear some of the songs yesterday and it was embarrassing . "  But we need to remember that it was made by a minority group of fans and I 'm sure the FA together with West Ham United football club will do everything to find and punish them . " Ahead of Tottenham 's Europa League clash with Lazio in Rome last week , a group of their supporters were attacked while drinking in a bar in the city center . During the match Lazio 's fans were alleged to have sung anti-Semitic songs , prompting Tottenham coach Andre Villas-Boas to call on European football 's governing body UEFA to act . Lazio were fined $ 50,000 in October over racist chanting towards a trio of Tottenham players who are black . The FA called on UEFA to sanction Serbia after another Tottenham player , Danny Rose , was reported to have been subjected to monkey chants while on duty with England 's under-21 team . Tottenham 's close association with the Jewish community has led to some of their fans to identifying themselves as "  Yids " , a term which at different times throughout history has been used by Jews and also to abuse them . A portion of the Spurs ' support have attempted to "  reclaim " the word , using terms like "  Yiddo " and calling themselves the "  Yid Army . " Peter Herbert , chairman of the Society of Black Lawyers , who referred Chelsea 's complaint over Clattenburg to the police , said they were prepared to do the same for this incident . He told CNN : "  We 're in discussions with the Metropolitan Police , I understand the FA have already reported it which they should do with such incidents . "  There has to be zero tolerance , if these people can be identified they should be prosecuted and banned from football . "  We 've been in conversation with the Met Police this morning and we 're waiting for a few more complaints to come in from the Jewish community and we 'll make the formal complaint that this should be investigated as a racial incident . " West Ham vowed to track down and ban any more of their supporters who were at fault during Sunday 's match . "  West Ham United are in contact with Tottenham Hotspur to assist them with their investigation into the conduct of a small number of supporters and alleged inappropriate chanting during yesterday 's match at White Hart Lane , " a statement read . "  The majority of West Ham supporters went there and supported their team in the proper fashion . They were let down by a tiny minority . "  West Ham United will take the strongest possible action against any of their supporters , including enforcing life bans from the club , that are found guilty of behavior which is categorically not condoned by West Ham United . "	West Ham United vow life bans for any fans found guilty of inappropriate chanting Away supporters alleged to have aimed anti-Semitic chants at Tottenham fans English Football Association confirm they are to launch an investigation West Ham ban one season ticket holder after he was cautioned by police
CNN  -- Is your daughter a tomboy ? Your son not especially into football ? Does your daughter excel at math ? Your son a skilled artist ? Or does your daughter switch roles , relatively easily , from skinning her knees on a soccer field to worrying about what to wear to a party ? Or does your son , like mine , come home sweaty and bruised from lacrosse practice only to sing gorgeously in the shower as a member of his high school a cappella group ? If your answers are yes -- and probably most parents recognize some elements of these traits in their children -- you can breathe a bit easier today . That is , at least , if you happen to live in Wood County , West Virginia . That 's because recently , under a legal challenge by the American Civil Liberties Union and its local affiliates , the Wood County Board of Education agreed to abandon for two school years its program of separating boys and girls into single-sex classes . The ACLU had filed a lawsuit on behalf of a mother and her daughters who claimed the sex segregation was a form of sex discrimination against girls . This little-noted legal settlement gives all of us -- parents , teachers , administrators , and kids themselves -- something to think about : Are single-sex classes really an effective way to educate our children ? Historically , of course , single-sex schools -- especially private schools and colleges -- were the norm . But since the dawn of the 20th century , both educators and parents have seen them as historic anachronisms , especially for boys . Single-sex schools for girls may have challenged stereotypes , but single-sex schools for boys reproduced them , fostering what David Riesman and Christopher Jencks , in their monumental midcentury study , "  The Academic Revolution , " called "  male arrogance . " Today , single-sex schools may provide some benefits , though these tend to be benefits that accompany the economic privilege of the families that can afford them .  That is , single sex private schools tend to also be schools for the elite .  But single-sex classes , in otherwise coeducational public schools , are entirely misguided . In recent years , single-sex classes in public schools have become increasingly popular as a low-cost remedy for two issues that plague our country 's public school system : the efforts to encourage girls ' ambitions in traditionally "  masculine " arenas such as science , technology , engineering and math , and to address the "  boy crisis " in schools , the chronic underachievement of boys , especially in traditionally "  feminine " subjects such as English . It 's a popular theory . After Title IX regulations changed in 2006 , more than 1,000 public schools segregated at least some of their classes by sex , a 2010 Feminist Majority report said . The National Association for Single Sex Public Education states a lower number â $ " it says 500 U.S. public schools "  offered single-sex educational opportunities " for the 2011-12 school year . Regardless , the theory is wrong . In fact , single-sex classes might do more harm than good . To be sure , there is some anecdotal evidence that some students prefer single-sex classes  though they tend not to "  prefer " to take calculus and we still insist they do  . And especially in inner-city communities , single-sex "  academies " have gained popularity because of their brilliant combination of rigid discipline , uniforms and powerful sense of community and school spirit . But , according to Pedro Noguera , an education expert , there is no research that shows the "  single-sex " part of the equation has any independent effect on student performance . Instead , evidence points decidedly in the other direction . Single-sex classes reinforce harmful stereotypes about boys and girls . A 2011 article in the journal Science concluded that "  sex-segregated education is deeply misguided , and often justified by weak , cherry-picked , or misconstrued scientific claims rather than by valid scientific evidence . There is no well-designed research showing that single-sex education improves students ' academic performance , but there is evidence that sex segregation increases gender stereotyping and legitimizes institutional sexism . " The article 's authors , all researchers , were also members of the nonprofit American Council for CoEducational Schooling . These efforts are often based on the flawed notions of a few educational consultants , such as Dr. Leonard Sax . He 's the founder of the National Association for Single Sex Public Education , which is now more innocuously titled the National Association for Choice in Education as if to obscure its actual mission . Under these theories , school districts have experimented with different curricula , seating arrangements , pedagogical styles and even room temperature , 72 degrees for girls and 68 degrees for boys . According to a brief filed by the ACLU in 2010 , boys in one Louisiana school read "  Where the Red Fern Grows " while girls read "  The Witch of Blackbird Pond " because "  boys like ` hunting ' and ` dogs , ' but girls prefer ` love stories . ' " "  Girls tend to look on the teacher as an ally , " the association 's website explains . "  Given a little encouragement , they will welcome the teacher 's help . A girl-friendly classroom is a safe , comfortable , welcoming place . Forget hard plastic chairs : put in a sofa and some comfortable beanbags . " In the case of Van Devender Middle School , the school in Wood County , West Virginia , the ACLU said the principal defended the layout of the boys ' class -- students seated side-by-side , bright lighting because "  when they look at each other in the eye , it becomes more of a confrontational type of thing . " Girls had dimmer mood lighting , and they would , "  sit around tables , where they can make eye contact , where they can make relationships , and that sort of thing . " The ACLU said the mother who challenged the single-sex class arrangement was furious that one of her daughters was constantly told to sit still -- despite the fact that she had attention deficit disorder and the boys in the adjacent classroom had opportunities galore to move around . Another girl with poor vision struggled to read in the dimmer light . A third was prohibited from taking notes during a presentation because her teacher said that girls learn better through auditory , not visual , input . I assume that most of the parents of girls find such stereotypes deeply insulting . But I 'd hope that parents of boys find them equally insulting -- that boys are only capable of learning in a Spartan setting , more like boot camp than school . What 's the recommendations for boys -- that classes be experienced as unsafe , that we seat them in uncomfortable chairs , bark at them and make them read "  If " and "  Invictus ? " We know that boys and girls are as different from each other as they are from every other child . Parents with larger families often see this better than parents who have one boy and one girl and observe categorical differences between the two , assuming that such differences are somehow biologically hard-wired . Good social science is different from good parenting , and requires a sample size greater than two . If you have , say , six kids , you 'll describe one or two of your boys as "  more quiet , a bit shyer " than the others , or a girl as "  the tomboy " who "  loves to play sports . " Imagine what would happen to those "  nonconformists " in a single sex class that is entirely oriented to the rough and tumble boys or the quiet girly-girls . Fortunately , the tide is turning . As the evidence mounts that single-sex classrooms confuse the norm with the normative , teaching to stereotypes rather than children , parents are challenging every effort as both discriminatory and harmful to their children . In the past year , the number of single-sex options in public schools dropped for the first time in more than a decade . Several schools -- including some in Boston ; Pittsburgh ; Madison , Wisconsin ; and Durham , North Carolina -- have dropped existing or planned single-sex classes after ACLU involvement . Our nation 's schools serve us best when they teach our children as individuals , with remarkably diverse personalities and learning styles . All our children -- boys and girls -- deserve no less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Kimmel .	Michael Kimmel : Are single-sex classes an effective way to educate our children ? Kimmel : No , single-sex classes in public schools might do more harm than good He says single-sex classes reinforce gender stereotypes about boys and girls Kimmel : Some would also argue that sex segregation is a form of sex discrimination
Los Angeles  CNN  Gov. Jerry Brown unveiled an emergency $ 1 billion spending plan Thursday to tackle the state 's historic drought . A staggering 11 trillion gallons are needed for California to recover from the emergency . Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de León said the legislation will include two bills that will speed up contracting funds to "  manage the drought and strengthen our infrastructure . " According to the California State Water Resources Control Board , the package will specifically accelerate $ 128 million from the governor 's budget to provide direct assistance to workers and affected communities . Proposition 1 funding , which enacted the Water Quality , Supply , and Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2014 , will funnel $ 272 million into safe drinking water efforts and maintenance of water recycling infrastructure . Some $ 660 million from Prop 1 will also be accelerated for flood protection in urban and rural areas . As part of the changes , Brown said additional measures will crack down on water inefficiency as California enters the fourth year of a worsening-water crisis . "  This unprecedented drought continues with no signs yet of letting up , " said Brown . "  But we have a lot of good policies coming . " To exacerbate matters , weather conditions are continuing to diminish natural resources . The Sierra Nevada snowpack , which Californians rely on heavily during the summer for their water needs , is at a near record low . The March snowpack measurement came in at 0.9 inches of water content in the snow , just 5 % of the March 3 historical average for the measurement site . The overall water content for the Northern Sierra snowpack came in at 4.4 inches , just 16 % of average for the date . Central and southern Sierra readings were 5.5 inches  20 % of average  and 5 inches  22 % of average  respectively . Only in 1991 has the water content of the snow been lower . "  The drought is n't letting up , so we ca n't let up either , " Assembly Speaker Toni Atkins said . "  This legislation will deliver relief to Californians harmed by the drought and help us manage the significant problems the drought continues to cause . Since our skies are still clear , our job is too . And making sure we meet emergency needs , prepare for short term problems and advance longer-term projects are an important part of that effort . " Brown anticipates his emergency package to move into action immediately . He has recently created a Drought Task Force to expedite the legislation .	Gov. Jerry Brown : "  This unprecedented drought continues with no signs yet of letting up " Snowpack in the Sierra Nevada mountains is alarmingly low as summer looms
Beijing  CNN  -- "  Does this mean I must now carry my passport everyday ? " my wife Ana wondered aloud with a mix of bemusement and exasperation . She was reacting to news reports that Beijing had started a 100-day campaign to "  clean out " expatriates illegally living or working in the Chinese capital . Until the end of August the Beijing Public Security Bureau has decreed that all resident foreigners are expected to show their passports for "  spot checks " of visas and resident permits . Hinting at stern measures for violators , a campaign poster features an image of a giant fist . Police have conducted a sweep of communities where expatriates frequently congregate , like the university belt and the Sanlitun district of the city , which boasts an eclectic array of shops , restaurants and bars . But finding violators may not be easy . There are almost 200,000 foreign residents in Beijing on short-term or long-term visas , according to the Beijing Morning Post , which quotes police sources . Mood darkens amid crackdown on ` illegal foreigners ' The campaign has enlisted the help of the Chinese public , who can call a telephone hotline to report "  suspicious foreigners . " Violators will be fined , detained or even deported . However , the crackdown has made the expat community in Beijing uneasy , with many wondering why the authorities have decided to take action now . China watchers wonder whether this is simply a preemptive measure to ensure security and stability months before the Communist Party hold its once-a-decade leadership transition later this year . A similar sweep was conducted several months before Beijing hosted the 2008 Summer Olympics . Others see the high profile campaign as yet another hint of the xenophobic tendencies in the "  Middle Kingdom . " Days before the police campaign commenced , shocking videos purportedly showing a British national sexually abusing a Chinese woman went viral on cyberspace . It prompted an avalanche of angry posts on social-networking sites . Soon after the campaign was announced , Chinese TV anchor Yang Rui poured gasoline onto the fire when he posted scornful comments on his microblog calling for the expulsion of "  foreign scum . " Some observers say China has good reason to go after law-breaking foreigners . "  The crackdown makes sense in the light of the large number of illegal migrants that have made it into China , some of whom may have been involved in illegal or violent activities , " said David Zweig , a professor at Hong Kong University 's Department of Science and Technology . But he said foreigners should be treated fairly and equally , according to law . Crucially , the crackdown seems to be popular with many ordinary Chinese . "  Of course we should send home those foreigners who have entered illegally , just as we Chinese wo n't be allowed in other countries without legal documents , " one Beijing resident told CNN . "  To be a strong nation , you need not just a good economy but also strong diplomatic policies , " said another . "  That shows a nation 's self-respect and dignity . " Another resident was more blunt : "  China as a big nation should get tougher . We 've been too soft for too long . " As China 's economic and military might grow , the people 's pride and nationalistic feelings rise . There 's nothing wrong with promoting patriotism , experts say , but they warn against chauvinism . "  The Chinese have to be careful about underlying chauvinism which can lead them to behave inappropriately towards foreigners in the country , and in their foreign policy , " said Zweig . During the last century , China experienced how nationalism led to xenophobia during the Boxer Rebellion in the early 1900s -- when groups of peasants banded together to rid the country of foreign influences -- and the Cultural Revolution  1966-76  , when Mao Zedong attempted to reassert revolutionary values in China by purging what he described as bourgeois influences . No one wants to experience xenophobia . I have seen how ugly it can be . Like most foreigners who lived in China in the 1970s , I saw a closed , xenophobic society riddled with ingrained racial stereotypes . Foreigners in Beijing were virtually quarantined . While we enjoyed special privileges , such as access to special "  friendship stores " , train compartments , hospital wards and beach resorts , we were cut off from spontaneous contact with ordinary people . Diplomats and journalists were segregated in gated "  foreigners ' compounds " , which we use to call foreign ghettos . Local residents resented such special treatment . They often targeted foreigners with scorn and disdain . Foreigners were disparagingly referred "  waiguo guizi "  foreign devils  . Although infrequent , I do remember an anti-foreign backlash that led to occasional altercations and even rioting . To be sure , China has changed significantly since Deng Xiaoping launched his market reform and open-door policies in 1978 . Over the years it has gradually integrated into the global village through diplomacy , trade , tourism , academic exchanges and the media . But some expatriates in Beijing still detect anti-foreign tendencies . "  I find it difficult to understand why resentment is aimed at foreigners in general rather than at those who break the law or behave badly , regardless of nationality , " said one . "  There is definitely an issue of Chinese having stereotypical views on foreigners , and a very clear us-versus-them attitude , " said another . Neither person wished to be identified . China scholars believe many Chinese still harbor racist tendencies and lack the open-minded tradition of self-reflection when they feel or express such views . "  This lack of self-reflection , " Zweig opined , "  allows for anti-foreignism to lurk under the surface . " That partly explains why , in its long and checkered history , China has capriciously swung from a sentimental love-affair with things foreign to angry rejection -- and back again . Is xenophobia rearing its head again ? "  This is not xenophobia , " a recent China Daily editorial stated . "  It is people 's desire to live in a civilized society . Our government is under an obligation to make sure citizens live in a law-abiding country . The ongoing action against illegal immigration in no way compromises our hospitality to foreign guests . " That is the kind of reassurance that expatriates in China badly need .	Beijing started campaign to "  clean out " expatriates illegally living or working in Chinese capital There are almost 200,000 foreign residents in Beijing on short-term or long-term visas Chinese citizens an call a telephone hotline to report "  suspicious foreigners " Analysts wonder whether this is a measure to ensure stability before leadership change
CNN  -- A recent Oral Roberts University graduate was the only one of five people en route to a Christian youth conference to survive a plane crash in southeastern Kansas , officials said Saturday . The twin-engine Cessna 401 went down Friday afternoon about nine miles west of Chanute , the Kansas Highway Patrol said on their website . The small aircraft landed in a field and skidded about 200 feet before hitting a treeline . A spokesman for the National Transportation Safety Board on Saturday said the pilot had been in contact with air traffic controllers , but there was no distress call . "  There was an altitude change and that was the last transmission , " said spokesman Peter Knudson . The aircraft caught fire after the crash . Texas-based Teen Mania Ministries said the eight-seat plane , manufactured in 1991 , was headed for the Acquire the Fire conference in Council Bluffs , Iowa . It had taken off from an airport near Tulsa , Oklahoma , said Elizabeth Cory , a Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman . Oral Roberts University is based in Tulsa . Killed were the pilot Luke F. Sheets , 23 , of Ephraim , Wisconsin ; Austin G. Anderson , 27 ; Stephen J. Luth , 22 , of Muscatine , Iowa . All three were recent Oral Roberts graduates . Garrett V. Coble , 29 , of Tulsa , a former instructor in the College of Business and a participant in mission trips , was also killed . Anderson , of Ringwood , Oklahoma , survived the crash , but died of his injuries early Saturday . He had served two tours of duty with the U.S. Marine Corps in Iraq . Hannah Luce , 22 , daughter of Oral Roberts trustee and Teen Mania founder Ron Luce , was hospitalized in Kansas City , Missouri . The Garden Valley , Texas , resident was in serious but stable condition , with burns on 28 % of her body , according to Teen Mania . "  Please pray for all of the families that lost loved ones and for Hannah in the hospital . Pray for God 's peace to be with all of them and pray for Hannah 's healing , " Oral Roberts President Mark Rutland said on the university 's Facebook page . Anderson and Luth recently had been hired onto the marketing staff of Teen Mania Ministries , a youth ministry organization . "  We are so saddened by what has happened and ask for all those who have been touched by this ministry in some way to rally around the families of all involved in the crash , especially the four young men who passed away . Please lift them up in prayer , and ask for the Holy Spirit to surround them with God 's love and peace , " Ron Luce said in a statement . "  They all had a heart for this generation , and were passionately pursuing God 's call on their lives . " Investigators have not yet identified any witnesses , Knudson told CNN . He did not have information on weather conditions at the time of the incident . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	The pilot did not make a distress call , an NTSB official says Aircraft en route from Oklahoma to Iowa crashes in Kansas Four people on board are killed , one seriously injured The plane landed on a field , skidded and hit trees , Kansas authorities say
A high-profile murder case involving one of America 's most well-known political families took a dramatic turn Wednesday when a judge ordered a new trial for Michael Skakel , the nephew of Robert and Ethel Kennedy . Skakel , who has spent more than a decade behind bars , is accused of killing 15-year-old neighbor Martha Moxley with a golf club in 1975 . Twenty-seven years after her death , he was convicted and sentenced to 20 years to life in prison . For years , Skakel fought unsuccessfully for his conviction to be overturned . But a Connecticut judge gave Skakel , 53 , a chance for a fresh start Wednesday , ruling that the defense during his 2002 trial had been inadequate . State 's Attorney John Smriga said prosecutors plan to appeal , but are still reviewing the judge 's decision . Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , who has long maintained his cousin 's innocence , described the judge 's order as a "  blessed event . " "  I think everybody who knows Michael 's overjoyed with it , " Kennedy told CNN 's "  AC360 . " Martha Moxley 's mother said the judge 's ruling does nothing to change her mind . "  There 's not a way they can erase what was said during the first trial . ... I have not given up and I do believe Michael Skakel killed my daughter , " Dorthy Moxley told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  If there is a new trial , I will be there . " Judge : Defense ` constitutionally deficient ' In a lengthy opinion Wednesday , Connecticut Appellate Judge Thomas Bishop ruled that defense attorney Michael "  Mickey " Sherman 's representation of Skakel was "  constitutionally deficient . " "  The defense of a serious felony prosecution requires attention to detail , an energetic investigation and a coherent plan of defense  capably  executed , " Bishop wrote in his decision . "  Trial counsel 's failures in each of these areas of representation were significant and , ultimately , fatal to a constitutionally adequate defense . " Skakel 's new attorneys had argued that Sherman failed to adequately represent him in court . Sherman said Wednesday that he was happy for his former client . "  I 've always believed in Michael 's innocence , " Sherman told CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin called the judge 's order a "  shocking development , " saying the case "  was brilliantly litigated by the prosecutors . " Moxley said she disagreed with the judge 's assessment . "  Mickey Sherman did a wonderful job at that trial , " she said . "  I was nervous the entire time . " What 's next ? Hours after the judge 's order , Skakel remained behind bars at the MacDougall-Walker Correctional Institution in Suffield , Connecticut , according to prison records . The judge 's ruling raises a number of questions : What 's next in the high-profile case ? Will Skakel be released on bail ? And will prosecutors push forward with a new trial , nearly four decades after the alleged slaying ? In his decision , Bishop wrote that Skakel 's conviction would be set aside , ruling that a new trial should be the next step in the case . "  A defendant 's constitutional right to adequate representation can not be overshadowed by the inconvenience and financial and emotional cost of a new trial , " he said . But so many years after Moxley 's death , that may be easier said than done . "  Now it is going to be very difficult to try him again , so that 's why the prosecutors , I think , are going to do everything in their power to get this conviction reinstated without having to go back to court , " Toobin said . Brutal killing in an affluent community Moxley 's body was found after a night of partying with Skakel , his older brother Tommy and other teenagers in an affluent gated community in Greenwich , Connecticut . Authorities said she was bludgeoned and stabbed to death by a broken golf club found near her body . For more than two decades , the case languished . A series of books on the high-profile crime renewed interest , leading to new tips and a new suspect in January 2000 : Michael Skakel , who was 15 at the time of the killing . He turned himself into police after an arrest warrant was issued , all the while proclaiming his innocence . Kennedy told CNN on Wednesday that five witnesses saw Skakel 11 miles away at the time of Moxley 's death . "  He has an airtight alibi , " Kennedy said , "  but unfortunately , he was very poorly represented . "	Victim 's mother : "  I have not given up " A judge orders a new trial , ruling Skakel 's defense was "  constitutionally deficient " Robert F. Kennedy Jr. : "  Everybody who knows Michael 's overjoyed " Prosecutors say they will appeal the judge 's ruling
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Seen from the perspective of 2012 , the stunning Broadway revival of "  Death of a Salesman " offers a powerful reminder that economic policy and family values go hand-in-hand . Although many current politicians like to separate these two issues , the economic foundation of the family is central to its long-term health . In this classic play by Arthur Miller , premiered in 1949 to mesmerized audiences that had lived through the Great Depression , the protagonist is salesman Willy Loman , who is mentally broken down from his constant travel and struggle to make ends meet . "  A small man can be just as exhausted as a great man , " says Loman 's wife , Linda . Loman 's son Biff is unable to find a job and fulfill his father 's hopes . Biff and his brother , Happy , are worried about their father 's mental health , which is rapidly deteriorating . When Willy tries to find a job where he can stay in town to take better care of himself and his family , he ends up losing his job . The story disintegrates from there , culminating with Willy tragically committing suicide with the hope that Biff will use the life insurance money to start his own business . Too often , politicians ignore the kinds of strains that economic problems cause for families . As the historian Matt Lassiter argued in an essay in "  Rightward Bound , " a book I co-edited , the rhetoric about family values is rooted in conservative politics in the 1970s when political activists on the right and popular culture blamed sexuality and feminism , rather than unemployment and inflation , for problems at home . The rhetoric from the 1970s has stuck . Many conservative Republicans such as former U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum still define "  family values " as having to do with matters of popular culture , abortion or sexuality . When the Republican primaries were still being actively contested , it was common to hear pundits argue that Mitt Romney represented the "  economic conservative " in the contest and Santorum was the champion of "  family values . " Indeed Republicans often attack Democrats as having little interest in family values while many Democrats shy away from too much talk about the family for fear of looking as if they are trying to appease the right . But as Willy Loman 's story makes clear , family values are as much about economics as culture . Today , we 're living with economic problems that have a direct correlation on our ability to nurture strong families . The first and most obvious is job growth . The current sluggish recovery has left more than 8 % of the work force without jobs , and millions of other Americans feeling that their futures are not secure . When the men and women who run households do n't feel that their jobs are stable , or they do n't have jobs , tensions quickly mount over basic issues such as paying the rent or mortgage and buying food . According to a Rasmussen poll in 2011 , 67 % of Americans said that the economy was causing strains on their family . The second economic source of instability comes from taking care of the old . Many Americans are struggling to deal with the generational squeeze of taking care of their younger children while helping their elderly parents as well . These pressures are greatly affected by the health of Social Security and Medicare , two programs that play a vital role for middle-class families . While these policies are often discussed as programs for the "  elderly , " they have always been conceived as programs to help working families by providing them some relief from the basic costs faced by older members of their families . In coming years , there will be a very big debate over the costs of these programs and the need for reform . It will be essential that policymakers in both parties do what is necessary to protect and strengthen the programs . The third source of economic strain on the family comes from health care . Health insurance premiums and out-of-pocket costs have been a continually rising burden on family income that few people talk about . If President Barack Obama 's health care reform stands , then it will be essential that policymakers figure out how to make it successful . Central will be the need for the states to set up strong and functional health exchange systems and to make sure that the regulatory provisions in the bill are containing costs . If the program is deemed unconstitutional , policymakers in both parties need to go back to the drawing board to figure out how to improve the system . Finally , there is education . Families are been run ragged by the challenges of higher education . The costs continue to rise even as income stagnates . Millions of Americans feel that the costs of higher education make college degrees impossible to earn . In this economy , a college education is vital to economic success . Public policy most keep the interest rates on student loans at a reasonable level to make sure that families are not crushed by the pressures to finance college costs . The federal government must also make sure that states are financially healthy enough to support state colleges and universities . Americans who are in their 20s and 30s struggling to pay off massive college loans are at a major disadvantage when it comes to setting up their own households . This is one area where Obama and Mitt Romney seem to be in agreement , with both parties promising that they wo n't allow the rates on student loans to increase on July 1 . During the 1930s , President Franklin Roosevelt always understood that family security could only result from economic security . This was a central theme of his presidency . As Roosevelt said upon signing Social Security in 1935 : "  We have tried to frame a law which will give some measure of protection to the average citizen and to his family against the loss of a job and against poverty-ridden old age . " But over the past few decades , we 've lost sight of Roosevelt 's words . It 's time to rethink the notion of family values and remember , as the story of Willy Loman reminds us , that a strong family starts with a strong economy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Too often family values are viewed as separate from economics He says ` Death of a Salesman ' shows how families can be undermined by money woes Some politicians argue that family values are about sexuality and pop culture , Zelizer says He says government must preserve programs that support families
Editor 's note : Lindsay Branham is communications coordinator for Food for the Hungry , an international Christian relief and development organization . She has lived in the region for more than a year . The names of the children in this article have been changed to protect them . Lindsay Branham says armed groups are conscripting children as soliders in the Congo . CNN  -- The border was hauntingly empty . No military , drenched in green , patrolling . No AKs slung over shoulders . No Swahili floating through the air . Just the pitter-patter of rain falling to the ground and turning the dirt road into a river . To the right some secondary school students huddled beneath an overhang . From a village close to Rutshuru in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , they had fled an attack by a rebel group . The men with guns marched the boys outside and ordered them to file into a line . "  We were so scared , " said Jean , "  we ran into the bush . " Adamant that they did not want to fight , that they did not want to become soldiers , Jean explained how they had to hide themselves in the forest to escape being abducted . Many of their friends , though , were taken . See Branham 's view of the turmoil " Melchisedek is a secondary school teacher in a village close to Rutshuru , an area heavily dominated by clashes between the Congolese government forces and the CNDP . He said that twice armed groups came to his school to abduct children . "  They look through the windows and count the boys , " he said . Boys . Abducted to be soldiers . The current war in the eastern Democratic Republic of Congo is marked by the use of child soldiers . These young boys are abducted from their schools and homes and forced to hold a weapon and use it against their own government . In Nakivale , a sprawling refugee settlement holding more than 30,000 people in Uganda , up to 600 new Congolese refugees are arriving daily . Bombarded with hunger , disease and lack of basic essentials , people are suffering . One man , Bahati , his frame thinned , stood weakly . He said he is throwing up and having diarrhea nearly every five minutes . He says sometimes there is blood in his excrement . His face pale , he asked for medicine . Watch Branham discuss child soldiers " I asked a group of men if they had anything to do in the camp -- no , they said . Then I asked what they did in Congo for a living . "  Cultivator , " "  mason , " "  teacher . " One by one they listed their roles as father , provider and protector with pride . Today they have been stripped of their livelihoods , of their way to take care of their families . Today they fear they may never get to go back home to the lives they once led . Melchisedek 's face was set passionately against the backdrop of U.N. relief agency-tarped tents as he told me more about how children are used as weapons in Congo . He said the rebels give the boys three days of training , which includes an ideological indoctrination . The boys are then thrown onto the front lines . If they turn back in fear , they are shot from behind . I asked if the boys are scared . "  Of course , " Melchisedek said . In a place so rife with conflict -- more than a decade of war has blanketed the eastern part of the country , surging on and off in intensity -- the toll has multiplied . At least 250,000 people have been displaced in the last few weeks , adding to the almost 1 million already displaced Congolese . Jean and his friends pleaded with me for help . They are in their last year of secondary school and want to complete the year to receive their diplomas . They 've worked their entire lives for this . And in the span of a few days , it has been destroyed . Jean said they have n't eaten in days . While hiding in the forest from the rebels , they survived off fruit they could pick from trees . Now in Busanza , Uganda , just feet from the Congo border at Kitagoma , they depend on the kindness of their Ugandan neighbors . But Jean still gripped his stomach with his hands and clenched his face in pain to convey the urgency of his hunger . Melchisedek said that as he fled with his wife and four children , the Congolese army fled with them . Who is left to protect now ? Melchisedek explained that as fighting became worse , gunshots flying through the air , bombs exploding , he got separated from his two youngest children -- 2 and 4 years old . As he had to decide whether to continue running with the rest of his family and maybe live , or turn back and maybe die , he made an excruciatingly difficult choice . He kept running . At the Ishasha border crossing , Melchisedek said they had to swim through a river to cross over into Uganda since it was impossible to use the guarded border . He described how they had to hold their children above their heads as they pushed through the quickly moving water . They made it into Uganda . But his two youngest are still somewhere in Congo . He cast his eyes down , whispering , "  I do n't know where they are . " I saw pain in the eyes of the Congolese who were gracious enough to share their stories with me . I also saw enormous courage . Thrown into circumstances I can barely fathom , their dignity remains . I am overcome by humanity . The best and the worst . I am horrified children are still being abducted to fight -- their childhoods stripped from them and a life of violence forced upon them . I am humbled by the mothers I met , who continue to give their lives for the sake of their children . One Congolese refugee woman , Espe , who fled the war last week while nine months ' pregnant , gave birth this week . Espe named her daughter Tantine , which she says means "  ca n't fear the war . " Those words : ca n't fear the war . An indescribable resolve has named that child . Today I hear the voices of the refugees -- their stories wrapped like falling rain around me . And I see the empty border again . How many more Jeans , Melchisedeks and Espes are still behind the borders ? How many will survive ? I ask these questions not really wanting answers . The relief and development organization I work with , Food for the Hungry , conducted an assessment this week with these very refugees to determine a way to respond . I am convinced : The Congolese are waiting for peace . But they should n't have to wait for assistance . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lindsay Branham .	Aid worker Lindsay Branham : Congolese conflict is stealing dreams and childhoods Young are being forced to give up study and become soldiers , she says Branham : Families are being torn apart and forced from their homes
CNN  -- As Iran 's relations with the Western world seem to be thawing following a historic U.S. agreement over its nuclear production , sport is also doing its part to bring Tehran in from the cold . AC Milan , the world 's most successful soccer club in terms of trophies won , sent a team stacked full of its former stars to take part in a charity match against counterparts from Persepolis FC . Thursday 's game , watched by 65,000 fans in Persepolis ' Azadi Stadium , was won 3-1 by the seven-time European champion . But as Iran 's nuclear deal will help lift some of the economic sanctions that have hurt its growth , this exhibition has bigger meaning for Persepolis and the development of Iranian football . It is part of a collaboration that began at the end of last year when Persepolis president Mohammad Rouyanian visited Italy to meet with Milan chief executive and V.P. Adriano Galliani . Milan 's website reports that the "  Rossoneri "  "  black and reds "  will be sharing knowledge of the club 's successful youth academy with Persepolis -- which is Iran 's most successful team and one of the most popular in Asia . "  Mohammad Rouyanian expressed his admiration for the way that the club and its proprietor made Milan the most decorated in the world , " the website said . "  The desire to create and develop a form of collaboration between the two clubs came naturally . "  Collaboration is already underway that will see the Milan Academy help to export and replicate the Milan Model with Persepolis , which celebrates its 50-year anniversary this year . " Legendary defender Paolo Maldini headed a star-studded Milan lineup at the 100,000-capacity Azadi Stadium for a match that marked the last Persepolis appearance for former Iran captain Mehdi Mahdavikia . Mahdavikia , 36 , retired this year following a distinguished career in which he appeared at two World Cups -- representing his country 111 times in all -- and spent eight seasons with German club Hamburg . The Milan team also included another of Italy 's defensive greats , Franco Baresi , and his fellow World Cup winner Gennaro Gattuso . Its goals came from Daniele Massaro -- part of Italy 's 1982 World Cup-winning squad -- Christian Lantignotti and Stefano Eranio , while Alireza Emamifar scored for Persepolis . "  Thank you to @acmilan glorie for coming to Iran and putting a smile on the Iranian AC Milan fans : " one supporter wrote on Twitter .	Iranian soccer fans welcome AC Milan to Tehran for charity match against Persepolis The game is part of a collaboration between the two clubs , giants in Europe and Asia Persepolis hoping to learn from Milan 's highly-regarded youth academy Milan 's team of former stars beat their counterparts 3-1 in front of 65,000 crowd
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate Intelligence Committee will receive a classified document Thursday that seeks to justify the administration 's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks , chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said . "  I am pleased that the president has agreed to provide the Intelligence Committee with access to the OLC  Office of Legal Counsel  opinion regarding the use of lethal force in counterterrorism operations , " the California Democrat said in a statement Wednesday . "  It is critical for the committee 's oversight function to fully understand the legal basis for all intelligence and counterterrorism operations . " The announcement came shortly after an administration official said President Barack Obama had yielded to demands that he turn over to Congress the classified Justice Department legal advice that seeks to justify the policy . "  Today , as part of the president 's ongoing commitment to consult with Congress on national security matters , the president directed the Department of Justice to provide the Congressional intelligence committees access to classified Office of Legal Counsel advice related to the subject of the Department of Justice white paper , " an administration official said Wednesday . The 16-page white paper -- titled "  Lawfulness of a Lethal Operation Directed Against a U.S. Citizen who is a Senior Operational Leader of Al Qaida or an Associated Force " -- is a policy paper rather than an official legal document . That policy paper was sent to key congressional committees last year but became public just this week . The president , the official said , was turning over the legal opinion related to the policy because he believes the scrutiny and debate is healthy . The Senate Intelligence Committee is expected to receive the document the same day Obama 's pick for CIA director , John Brennan , faces a confirmation hearing . Brennan 's hearing Thursday comes amid complaints from senators , including several Democrats , about secrecy surrounding the drone policy . Amnesty International also weighed in on the debate , saying Congress should grill Brennan on his claim that the Obama administration 's drone strikes are "  conducted in full compliance with the law . " Iran says it has footage from downed U.S. drone "  Furthermore , Congress should immediately hold public hearings with independent experts to examine the administration 's legal reasoning and ensure that the administration is following the ` rule book ' for the use of lethal force that already exists : international human rights law and , in the very narrow circumstances to which it applies , international humanitarian law , " the group said . In a 2012 speech at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington , Brennan asserted that the drone strikes are legal under the Authorization for Use of Military Force resolution passed by Congress after the 9/11 attacks . In addition , "  There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for this purpose or that prohibits us from using lethal force against our enemies outside of an active battlefield , at least when the country involved consents or is unable or unwilling to take action against the threat , " Brennan said at the time . This does not appear to be the view of Ben Emmerson , United Nations special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights , who announced plans in October to investigate U.S. drone attacks and the extent to which they cause civilian casualties . Opinion : John Brennan , Obama 's counterterrorist The drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies has been one of Brennan 's biggest legacies in the four years he was the president 's principal adviser on terrorism . According to a count by the public policy group New America Foundation , at least 28 of al Qaeda 's leading members have been killed in drone strikes , including the U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki , who played an operational role in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Al-Awlaki 's teenage son died in a separate strike . On Wednesday , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee said the attack that killed al-Awlaki was justified . "  This is somebody who had said that he did n't want his U.S. citizenship anymore , " Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , told MSNBC 's "  Andrea Mitchell Reports . " He said al-Awlaki had officially joined al Qaeda , and al Qaeda had declared war on the United States . " "  The legal basis of this goes back many , many years when U.S. citizens would go and fight for foreign nations that were engaging in combat with the United States , " Rogers said . "  So what they were saying is , once you 've made that choice , you no longer get the protections that you would . I mean , if you join the enemy overseas , you join the enemy overseas . And we 're going to fight the enemy overseas . " In his speech at the Wilson Center , Brennan said drone strikes are "  ethical " because of "  the unprecedented ability of remotely piloted aircraft to precisely target a military objective while minimizing collateral damage ; one could argue that never before has there been a weapon that allows us to distinguish more effectively between an al Qaeda terrorist and innocent civilians . " And Obama himself defended it in an appearance last October on "  The Daily Show . " "  There are times where there are bad folks somewhere on the other side of the world , and you 've got to make a call and it 's not optimal , " he said . "  And sometimes you 've got to make some tough calls . But you can do so in a way that 's consistent with international law and with American law . " Opinion : Bring drones out of the shadows	A Senate committee will get a classified document Thursday The drone program has been shrouded in secrecy and has been criticized by senators Also Thursday , a confirmation hearing will take place for CIA director nominee John Brennan Policy group : 28 senior al Qaeda members have been killed in drone strikes , including a U.S. citizen
The air many of us breathe poses serious health risks , the World Health Organization says . On Thursday , it added cancer to the list . Air pollution is a now officially a carcinogen , and there are no caveats about the new classification . "  We know that it is causing cancer in humans , " said spokesman Kurt Straif . In 2010 , lung cancer resulting from air pollution took the lives of 223,000 people worldwide . As pollution levels climb , so will the rate of cancer , the WHO said . And there is only one way to stop it : Clean up the air . "  We ca n't treat ourselves out of this cancer problem , " said Chris Wild , who heads the WHO 's cancer research wing , the International Agency for Research on Cancer . Cleaner air would also have other health benefits . Air pollution increases the risk of bladder cancer , the IARC said . It has been known for a while that it contributes to heart disease and respiratory ailments . The problem is global , but people in developing countries with large populations and booming manufacturing sectors with few pollution controls are said to be particularly at risk . "  The predominant sources of outdoor air pollution are transportation , stationary power generation , industrial and agricultural emissions , and residential heating and cooking , " the IARC said . Outdoor dust can also contribute to cancer . The agency decided upon the official classification of outdoor air pollution as carcinogenic after reviewing the latest scientific writings and coming to the conclusion that the evidence was ample . The classification is an important step , said Dr. Christopher Wild , director of the IARC . "  There are effective ways to reduce air pollution and , given the scale of the exposure affecting people worldwide , this report should send a strong signal to the international community to take action without further delay . " The IARC called air pollution the most widespread environmental carcinogen and the worst .	"  We know that it is causing cancer in humans , " scientist says Air pollution is now officially a carcinogenic , the World Health Organization says It is the world 's most widespread environmental cancer causing agent Others diseases aggravated by pollution are heart disease and respiratory ailments
CNN  -- The storm system that plowed through the South left scenes of destruction described as "  surreal " and "  sickening " by those who saw them . Authorities were working to reach those trapped ; some states are facing a long and arduous recovery . Here 's a look at the latest confirmed death toll as provided by state authorities as well as reports from some of the worst-hit areas . OFFICIAL STATE DEATH TOLLS FOR APRIL 27-28 TORNADOES Alabama - 238 Tennessee - 34 Mississippi - 33 Georgia - 15 Virginia - 5 Arkansas - 1 TOTAL - 326 Source : State officials ALABAMA The death toll from the severe weather in Alabama has claimed the lives of at least 238 people , according to state emergency officials . The state Emergency Management Agency reported 18 additional deaths in Marion County , bringing the total number of deaths there to 21 . Sheriff Kevin Williams told CNN Friday afternoon that 35 people had died in the county , with the additional deaths not yet included in the official state total . The state listed 20 people as missing in Marion County . Tuscaloosa city officials reported 45 deaths as of Friday afternoon , but later revised that to 39 because of a counting error . That change was not immediately reflected in the state 's total . Almost 1,000 people were treated for injuries in the city and 446 people were unaccounted for , although not necessarily missing . President Barack Obama and the first family toured Tuscaloosa on Friday . Obama met with Gov. Robert Bentley and families affected by the storms and promised expedited emergency assistance to the devastated region . "  We 're going to do everything we can to help these communities rebuild , " he told reporters . Medical personnel treated more than 1,700 injured people . Thirty-one of the state 's 67 counties were affected by the tornadoes and storms . Bentley declared a statewide state of emergency and mobilized approximately 2,000 Alabama National Guardsmen to provide emergency assistance . Obama signed Alabama 's Emergency Declaration and ordered federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts . -- Tuscaloosa : Mayor Walter Maddox described a surreal scene as the twister plowed through : "  There were parts of the city I literally did n't recognize , " he told CNN 's Eliot Spitzer . "  We have hundreds of homes and businesses destroyed , and hundreds more damaged . -- Birmingham : Severe damage was reported in Birmingham 's western suburbs ; Hueytown , Concord and Pleasant Grove saw "  catastrophic damage , " said Hueytown Police Chief Chuck Hagler . "  I do n't think you understand the scale of the devastation , " he said . -- Hackleburg : Almost 30 people died in this town in northwest Alabama , according to the sheriff . Schools , businesses and homes were destroyed . -- Cullman : What was thought to be a tornado damaged a hospital , ripped the roof off the courthouse and pummeled a number of residences , authorities said . One person was killed in Hanceville when a tree fell on a car . Counties reporting deaths , according to state authorities : Bibb -- 1 Calhoun -- 9 Cullman -- 2 DeKalb -- 32 Elmore -- 6 Fayette -- 4 Franklin -- 27 Hale -- 4 Jackson -- 8 Jefferson -- 19 Lawrence -- 14 Limestone -- 4 Madison -- 7 Marion -- 21 Marshall -- 5 St. Clair -- 13 Tallapoosa -- 3 Tuscaloosa -- 45 Walker -- 14 TENNESSEE Tennessee emergency officials reported 34 deaths and 107 injuries . Serious flooding was reported in areas of western Tennessee , and more than 130,000 were without power . -- Chattanooga : A 41-year-old woman was killed when a tree fell on her mobile home , according to WDEF . Her husband and son told investigators they were taking shelter in a closet when she walked over to a window and was crushed when the tree fell . In Chickamauga Lake , north of Chattanooga , no one was injured when a funnel cloud smashed into the Camp Columbus RV park , destroying several vehicles . Resident John Tripp told CNN affiliate WTVC that he saw the massive tornado form , taking up water as it crossed the lake , before it smashed into the campground . -- Apison : Eight deaths were reported in this community east of Chattanooga . Twenty-eight people were taken to hospitals . GEORGIA The death toll in Georgia stands at 15 , officials said Friday . Gov. Nathan Deal has declared a state of emergency in 16 counties . The state reported 115 injuries . The state has concluded search operations , is conducting preliminary damage estimates and has done aerial surveys . -- Catoosa County : Eight deaths occurred here , according to the Georgia Emergency Management Agency . Three were confirmed in the town of Ringgold , according to the Catoosa County Coroner . The town in northwest Georgia has been hit particularly hard , with some buildings entirely demolished , Major Gary Sisk said . In Ringgold , the storm appeared to pick and choose its targets . Some homes were left virtually unscathed , or perhaps had minor roof damage . Others had no roof at all . Still more homes were simply gone , vanished into a pile of rubble . "  It just looks like confetti , " emergency management spokeswoman Lisa Janak said Friday , adding 300 homes were lost in the county . -- Dade County : Two people were confirmed dead in Trenton , according to Georgia 's Emergency Management Agency . -- Spalding County : The sheriff 's department confirmed two fatalities . State officials said numerous homes were severely damaged . -- Lamar County : The state confirmed two deaths . -- Rabun County : One death . MISSISSIPPI The death toll from severe weather in Mississippi has risen to 34 , according to state emergency officials . More than 150 injuries were reported . One of the 33 deaths was on Tuesday . Another was a firefighter who died Friday after collapsing while clearing storm debris . President Obama signed a disaster declaration for Clarke , Greene , Hinds , Jasper , Kemper , Lafayette and Monroe counties , making individuals living there eligible for federal funds . Damage was reported in 50 counties and the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said . Damage assessments were still ongoing , but as of Friday afternoon damage was reported to 1,572 homes . Of those , 551 were deemed destroyed or having suffered major damage . -- Monroe County : At least 14 people were killed in the town of Smithville . Fourteen people there were still missing Friday afternoon . -- McComb : A falling tree killed a 3-year-old girl who was asleep in her bed in the southwest Mississippi town , according to CNN affiliate WLBT in Jackson . -- Kemper County : Three deaths were confirmed in the western Mississippi county , MEMA said . VIRGINIA The death toll from severe weather in Virginia was revised downward from eight to five , according to state emergency officials . Severe storms struck the counties of Goochland , Halifax , Shenandoah and Washington , among others . Four fatalities in Washington County and one in Halifax County have been confirmed , according to the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . MISSISSIPPI The death toll from severe weather in Mississippi has gone up to 33 , according to state emergency officials . More than 150 injuries were reported . One of the 33 deaths was on Tuesday . Damage was reported in 50 counties and the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians , the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency said . Damage assessments were still ongoing . -- Monroe County : At least 13 people were killed in the town of Smithville . -- McComb : A falling tree killed a 3-year-old girl who was asleep in her bed in the southwest Mississippi town , according to CNN affiliate WLBT in Jackson . -- Kemper County : Three deaths were confirmed in the western Mississippi county , MEMA said . VIRGINIA The death toll from severe weather in Virginia was revised downward from eight to five , according to state emergency officials . Severe storms struck the counties of Goochland , Halifax , Shenandoah and Washington , among others . Four fatalities in Washington County and one in Halifax County have been confirmed , according to the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . VIRGINIA The death toll from severe weather in Virginia was revised downward from eight to five , according to state emergency officials . Severe storms struck the counties of Goochland , Halifax , Shenandoah and Washington , among others . Four fatalities in Washington County and one in Halifax County have been confirmed , according to the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry and CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	More than 1,700 people were reported injured in Alabama alone Serious flooding was reported in areas of western Tennessee Falling tree killed a 3-year-old girl who was asleep in her bed in McComb , Mississippi
Bellefonte , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A jury convicted former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky on 45 of 48 counts related to sexual abuse of boys over a 15-year period , ending a painful chapter for victims and the Penn State community . Jurors delivered the verdict around 10 p.m. Friday after deliberating for 21 hours . There were convictions related to all 10 sexual abuse victims , with the three not-guilty verdicts applying to three different individuals . Sandusky stood slightly hunched , looking down with his hand in his pocket but showing no visible emotion as the guilty verdicts were read out in court . His wife , Dottie , blinked back tears . Reaction to the Sandusky verdict Judge John Cleland revoked Sandusky 's bail and ordered his arrest . Sandusky left the courthouse in handcuffs , headed for a police car destined for the Centre County jail . When asked if he had anything to say to the victims , the 68-year-old remained silent as he ducked into the back seat of the car . "  The Sandusky family is very disappointed by the verdict of the jury , but we respect their verdict , " defense lawyer Joe Amendola told reporters gathered outside . Jeering crowds occasionally interrupted his comments . At the same time , Amendola pointed to a "  tidal wave of public opinion " against his client as one of several factors that led him to believe this outcome was n't surprising . "  It was the expected outcome because of the overwhelming evidence against Jerry Sandusky , " he said . Pennsylvania Attorney General Linda Kelly , expressed satisfaction in the jury 's decision to hold the ex-coach accountable . She was especially thankful for the victims who testified , in some cases many years after they were abused . "  It was incredibly difficult for some of them to unearth long buried memories of  what  they had suffered , " Kelly said . "  This trial was not something that they sought , but rather something that forced them to face the demons of their past . " Victim No. 6 : Violation and vindication Back inside the courtroom , the young man identified in court documents as Victim 6 was in tears as he hugged prosecutors . Sandusky should be sentenced in about 90 days , the judge said . Amendola indicated "  we have some appeals we will pursue , " though he did not elaborate . The case has gripped the nation since last fall , when it led to the dismissal of legendary coach Joe Paterno and one of America 's highest-paid university president , Graham Spanier . The family of Paterno , who died in January , issued a statement Friday after the verdict . "  Although we understand the task of healing is just beginning , today 's verdict is an important milestone , " the statement said . "  The community owes a measure of gratitude to the jurors for their diligent service . Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the victims and their families . " The university , meanwhile , said it had "  tremendous respect for the men who came forward to tell their stories publicly . " "  No verdict can undo the pain and suffering caused by Mr. Sandusky , but we do hope this judgment helps the victims and their families along their path to healing , " Penn State said in a statement . Penn State said it will invite the victims to participate in a program to facilitate resolution . "  The university wants to provide a forum where the university can privately , expeditiously and fairly address the victims ' concerns and compensate them for claims relating to the University . " During closing arguments , prosecutors described the ex-Nittany Lions defensive coordinator as a pedophile who preyed on victims using a charity he founded for troubled children , repeatedly abusing young boys in his care . His defense sought to poke holes in the prosecution 's case throughout the trial , such as pointing to inconsistencies in the testimony of Mike McQueary , a former graduate assistant who testified that he witnessed Sandusky apparently sodomizing a boy in a university shower . Amendola reminded jurors of the lack of physical evidence in the case , accusing the alleged victims of conspiring for financial gain , while also blaming the media for what he described as biased coverage . iReport : Share your reaction Lead prosecutor Joseph McGettigan rebuffed those arguments , telling jurors that "  the commonwealth has overwhelming evidence against Mr. Sandusky . " In a bombshell announcement Thursday evening , Matt Sandusky -- one of Jerry Sandusky 's six adopted children -- said through his attorney that he was sexually abused by the former coach , adding that he had been prepared to testify against him . Legal analysts say the accusation could bring additional charges , including incest charges , against the former coach . The broader scandal has also brought charges against vice president Gary Schultz and former Athletic Director Tim Curley for perjury and failing to report the abuse . After a week of testimony , during which time witnesses graphically described sexual encounters with Sandusky that they said occurred during their boyhoods , jurors made their decision without ever having heard from Sandusky on the witness stand . What Sandusky has said about child rape allegations On Tuesday , Sandusky 's wife told jurors that she could remember at least six of her husband 's accusers staying overnight at their house , but that she never witnessed sexual abuse . All you need to know about allegations , how case unraveled Eight young men testified , often in disturbingly graphic detail , of how Sandusky forced them to engage in sexual acts in various places , including showers in the Penn State coaches ' locker room , hotel rooms and the basement of his home . One told jurors that Sandusky -- whom he met , like many of the accusers , through The Second Mile foundation that the ex-coach founded -- had threatened him if he told others about the abuse . Another said Sandusky warned him that he might send him home from a trip to Texas , where they 'd gone to watch a Penn State bowl game . The defense challenged the accusers ' timetable , questioned the various allegations and called multiple character witness to defend Sandusky 's stellar reputation in the community . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal Though Friday night 's verdict prompted cheers outside the courtroom , inside , the mother of Victim 6 did not claim victory . "  Nobody wins . We 've all lost , " she said before hugging her son . CNN 's Elisa Roupenian , Susan Candiotti , Ross Levitt , Jason Carroll , Dana Garrett and Laura Dolan and In Session 's Michael Christian and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Penn State : "  No verdict can undo the pain and suffering caused by Mr. Sandusky " Sandusky 's lawyer calls the outcome "  expected ... because of the overwhelming evidence " The ex - coach is guilty on 45 of 48 counts for sexually abusing boys over 15-years He says he is not guilty , admitting to showering with boys but not abusing them
CNN  -- Longtime ABC News personality Barbara Walters will retire from TV journalism in 2014 , ABC reported late Sunday , closing a chapter on one of the most storied careers in broadcast journalism history . She is expected to make the announcement Monday on "  The View , " a daytime talker she created in 1997 . Walters , 83 , will remain executive producer of that show . "  I am very happy with my decision and look forward to a wonderful and special year ahead both on ` The View ' and with ABC News , " she said . "  I created ` The View ' and am delighted it will last beyond my leaving it . " Rumors of Walters ' retirement surfaced in March . But she soon squashed them , saying on "  The View " that "  if and when I might have an announcement to make , I will do it on this program . " Walters had a health scare in January when she suffered a cut on her forehead after falling on a stair while visiting the British ambassador 's residence in Washington . She underwent surgery to repair a heart valve three years ago . "  There 's only one Barbara Walters , " said ABC News President Ben Sherwood . "  And we look forward to making her final year on television as remarkable , path-breaking and news-making as Barbara herself . " Walters ' national broadcast career began in 1961 as a reporter , writer and panel member on NBC 's "  Today " show . She was promoted to co-host in 1974 , but she was hired away by ABC in 1976 . At ABC , she began "  The Barbara Walters Specials " and "  10 Most Fascinating People , " which has become a regular year-end program . Walters has interviewed every U.S. president and first lady since Richard and Pat Nixon . Starting in 1984 , she spent two decades as co-host and correspondent for ABC 's news magazine show "  20/20 . " She still reports on occasion . Walters was born in Boston and has one daughter . She is expected to retire in the summer of 2014 . "  I do not want to appear on another program or climb another mountain , " Walters said . "  I want instead to sit on a sunny field and admire the very gifted women â $ " and OK , some men , too â $ " who will be taking my place . " Walters says she regrets trying to help Syrian aide CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : She is set to announce her departure from TV journalism Walters , 83 , had a health scare in January She began her career on NBC 's "  Today " in 1961 "  There 's only one Barbara Walters , " says ABC News President Ben Sherwood
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian election authorities officially registered Prime Minister Vladimir Putin Monday as a candidate for president in next year 's election , they announced on their website . Putin will represent his United Russia party , the Central Election Commission said . The move is the latest step toward Putin 's reclaiming the presidency after switching to the prime minister 's office because of a law barring him from serving more than two consecutive terms as president . Russia 's third-richest man , the billionaire New Jersey Nets owner Mikhail Prokhorov , announced this month that he will run against Putin for president . Many ordinary Russians suspect the Kremlin put Prokhorov up to it to give the impression the contest is fair . Last week , Putin brushed off widespread criticism that the December 4 parliamentary elections in Russia were falsified . He said their results "  reflect the actual line-up of forces in the country , as well as the fact that the ruling force -- the United Russia party -- has lost certain positions . " Tens of thousands turned out to protest the election results that returned Putin 's United Russia party to power , but with a smaller majority . Police estimated crowds in Moscow on December 10 at 25,000 , while organizers said the total was 40,000 , the state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . Either figure would make the protests the largest in the Russian capital in 20 years . Claiming the results of parliamentary elections were rigged , protesters chanted "  Putin out . " They also braved freezing temperatures in other Russian cities to demonstrate against what they said was vote fraud . Putin said in his question-and-answer session that protesters were positioning themselves for the presidential vote in March . "  It is obvious to me that the attacks on the latest election are secondary ; their primary goal is the next election , the Russian presidential election , " Putin said December 15 . The Organization for Security and Cooperation said in a preliminary report that some political parties had been prevented from running and the vote was "  slanted in favor of the ruling party . " Its election-observer mission detailed alleged attempts to stuff ballot boxes , manipulate voter lists and harass election monitors . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also said the United States had "  serious concerns " about the election and called for a "  full investigation " of apparent irregularities .	Putin is angling to return to the office he used to hold Historic numbers of Russians demonstrated against election results this month They claim the results were falsified , but Putin denies it Billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov says he will run against Putin
CNN  -- He 's brash , bold and has the skills to back it up . 19-year-old phenom Bryce Harper is less than a month into his baseball career with the Washington Nationals , and he 's already making his presence felt in the nation 's capital . With high-profile magazine covers and international baseball experience already on his resume , the Nationals are looking to Harper to be one of their building blocks as they try to put Washington baseball on the map . Even though he 's only batting .227 , he 's hit two home runs and has displayed a rocket for an arm . "  He seems to have been born to be this baseball player , " said Thom Loverro , a columnist for the Washington Examiner and a radio show host on ESPN 980 in Washington . "  He takes the game so seriously when he 's on the field . " Harper 's attention to detail and approach to the game even has baseball icons taking notice . "  Bryce obviously has the skills to play in the big leagues , " said baseball Hall of Famer Cal Ripken Jr. , "  But I am amazed with his poise and his patience at the plate . And I love his aggressiveness on the base paths . He is going to be a good all-around player . " Former Washington Senators slugger Frank Howard says he 's seen enough already . "  You might suppress that young talent for a week , a month , maybe two months , " he said . "  He can beat you five ways . Bat contact , bat power , glove , arm strength and running speed . " Harper , a Las Vegas native , has always shown talent beyond his years . When he was 12 he was playing in out-of-state tournaments and once went 12-for-12 with 11 homers . When kids his age were playing high school baseball he was playing in tournaments around the world . Now , while most of the top players his age are playing college ball or working their way through the minors , he is already in the major leagues . Playing in the majors has n't curtailed the 6-foot-3-inch , 210-pound Harper 's confidence . Barely a week into his big league career , Harper was hit in the back by Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Cole Hamels in a nationally televised game . Harper said nothing and jogged to first base . He ended up stealing home . "  I liked the way he handled the whole situation , " said Ripken "  He downplayed getting hit but you could see in his eyes that he was determined to pay back the Phillies where it matters most ... by doing something in the game . In this case it was stealing home . " SI : Bryce Harper photo gallery Bold plays like that and winning baseball have n't been a big part of Washington baseball history . The Nationals have never finished with a winning record since moving from Montreal  they were formerly the Expos  in 2005 . Poor play and embarrassing moments were the norm . In one game then-first baseman Adam Dunn and third baseman Ryan Zimmerman trotted out on the field wearing a Nationals jersey that had been misspelled and read "  Natinals . " The Nationals are actually the third incarnation of baseball in Washington . The original Washington Senators were there from 1901-1960 , before leaving for Minnesota and becoming the Twins . Baseball gave the city another Senators franchise in 1961 and that team left for Texas in 1971 to become the Rangers . Washington has n't seen a World Series since 1933 . This generation of Washington baseball fans are looking ahead and like their team . "  Who has n't suffered from growing pains ? " asked Brendan Hurley , a native of the Washington area and a season ticket holder . "  The best way to ensure they do n't become a punch line again is to win , " he said . So far they are winning . They open an interleague series tonight against the Baltimore Orioles , who play less than an hour up Interstate 95 from Washington . They are just a half-game out of first place in the National League East , and , to give the series more life than Washington-area baseball fans are used to , the Orioles are also surprisingly in first place after years as American League East doormats . Harper has been preparing for this stage all his life . He not only has honed his skills on the field but off the field as well . "  He respects the history of the game , " said Loverro . "  When he 's on the field he plays the game and knows the game like he 's a 10-year veteran ... and that 's pretty amazing for a 19-year-old kid . " Harper idolizes old-school baseball players , and he 's been compared to all-time great Willie Mays , who also debuted at 19 . When Harper joined a softball game being played by the Washington Monument , it evoked memories of a young Mays playing stickball on the streets of New York in the 1950 's . Casual softball games , YouTube clips and magazine covers will only go so far in the major leagues though . "  The American people love winners , " Howard said , "  If you win you 're gon na draw . If you do n't win , you 're gon na struggle putting fannies in the seats . "	Bryce Harper is less than a month into his baseball career with the Washington Nationals The Nationals are banking on the 19-year-old to put Washington baseball on the map Most top players Harper 's age play for college or the minors , he 's already in the majors A baseball history buff , Harper idolizes baseball legends ; he 's been compared to Willie Mays
Boston  CNN  -- A Harvard University student charged with making bomb threats that led school officials to delay some final exams , including his , was released Wednesday with bail set at $ 100,000 . Eldo Kim , 20 , of Cambridge , allegedly e-mailed bomb threats at about 8:30 a.m. Monday to offices associated with Harvard , including the Harvard University Police Department and the Harvard Crimson , the student-run daily newspaper . He made his first appearance in U.S. District Court in South Boston on Wednesday and was told he could only return to the Harvard campus with an escort once to retrieve his belongings . Kim was led into court in handcuffs and wearing a pair of dark sweatpants with "  Harvard " written in large letters down the left leg and a gray T-shirt . He was very quiet during proceedings . After each question from the judge , he answered "  Yes , your honor . " Kim , who has a public defender , was released to his sister , who lives in the Boston area , and uncle . According to the five-page criminal complaint filed against Kim , the subject line in each of the messages sent Monday read "  bombs placed around campus " and cited "  shrapnel bombs " in four buildings on the school 's main campus in Cambridge . "  2/4 . guess correctly . be quick or they will go off soon , " the messages said , according to the complaint . The Harvard police called in the FBI ; the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ; the Secret Service ; the Cambridge Police Department and the Boston Police Department along with numerous other first responders , including the Cambridge Fire Department . The buildings were evacuated and swept by bomb technicians and hazardous materials officers , and access to Harvard Yard was restricted to students with Harvard IDs , according to the Harvard Gazette , the school 's official news website . Shortly before 3 p.m. Monday , long after Kim 's exam had been canceled for the day , officials concluded that the threats were a hoax and reopened the buildings . "  Those who missed their exams due to the evacuation should be in touch with administrators about a makeup date or other arrangement , " the Gazette said . The e-mail messages had been sent through a service called Guerrilla Mail , which creates temporary and anonymous e-mail messages , according to the complaint . And the person had used a product called TOR , which assigns an anonymous Internet protocol address that can be used to hide the identity of the sender , it added . But the sender failed to do that , according to the complaint . "  Harvard University was able to determine that , in the several hours leading up to the receipt of the e-mail messages described above , Eldo Kim accessed TOR using Harvard 's wireless network , " it said . The Crimson identified Kim as a sophomore . An FBI agent and an officer with the Harvard University Police Department interviewed Kim Monday night at his campus residence , where he "  stated that he authored the bomb threat e-mails " and said he had acted alone , the complaint says . "  According to Kim , he was motivated by a desire to avoid a final exam scheduled to be held on  Monday  , " the complaint said . He is to appear Wednesday in U.S. District Court before District of Massachusetts Chief Judge Judith G. Dein . In a statement , school officials said they were "  saddened by the details alleged in the criminal complaint " but had no further comment . If convicted , the student could face a maximum of five years in prison , three years of suspended release , and a $ 250,000 fine . On Wednesday , Kim waived his right to a probable cause hearing , surrendered his U.S. passport and was ordered to stay in Massachusetts . After his court appearance , he hurried past reporters without commenting .	A Harvard sophomore is accused of sending phony e-mail threats to avoid final exam Eldo Kim , 20 , allegedly e-mailed the threats before his exam was to begin Judge ordered him to stay away from campus except one trip to retrieve belongings He appeared in court wearing T-shirt and sweatpants
CNN  -- Known by many as Africa 's "  father of technology , " software pioneer Herman Chinery-Hesse has been spawning innovations for two decades , helping to break down tech barriers between the continent and the rest of the world . The Ghanaian innovator and visionary founded SOFTtribe in 1991 , one of the largest and most successful software companies in West Africa that has been creating computer solutions for businesses in the continent . More recently , Chinery-Hesse who is often described as ' "  Africa 's Bill Gates , " embarked on a mission to spark an entrepreneurial revolution in Africa by bringing e-commerce to the most remote corners of the continent . His latest creations range from virtual shopping malls and electronic ticketing to digital insurance and security . Here , CNN highlights some of the best innovations Chinery-Hesse and his teams have created over the years . Shop Africa 53 : A subsidiary of Black Star Line , the company Chinery-Hesse create in 2007 , Shop Africa 53 is a virtual shopping mall for African products and services that enables merchants to sell their goods on the internet and accept payments on a mobile phone . The website , which Chinery-Hesse describes as an African Amazon/PayPal type of service , allows shoppers anywhere in the world to look for African products and buy directly from local merchants -- from art , clothes and jewelry to food products , cookware and appliances . Read also : Web savvy Africans fuel growth in online shopping Chinery-Hesse says enthusiastically that the marketplace can give poor African craftspeople access to global markets . "  What 's going to happen next is that we 're going to augment it with the fact of the poor people in the villages being able to do international trade , " he says . "  Some of which might grow into multi-billion dollar companies and so on within the next 20 years -- watch this space , Africa is it ! " Keba-Ekong ! : This re-usable plastic card , whose name translates to "  bring it again , " is similar to the Oyster card , a form of electronic ticketing widely used in London , England for public transport . But more than just a travel card , Keba-Ekong ! is an all-purpose , pay-as-you-go system that is also used for several other purchases , including concert and cinema tickets , inside and outside Ghana . "  If you 're going to watch a concert today in Ghana you 'll probably receive one of those cards as your ticket -- when you get to the gate there 's a scanner , peep it goes , wait , checking , you can go in , " says Chinery-Hesse . Read also : Tech whiz brings gift of computers to Ghana 's children "  We have orders for concerts outside Ghana and the same thing happens -- we just deliver the cards to them and on the day of the event we go onto our server and we setup the whole concert , number of seats ... and they can start selling tickets six months in advance and they make their money , their counting is transparent for everybody . " Quickie : For "  Quickie , " Black Star Line collaborated with an insurance company to launch instant , on-demand cover through the use of scratch cards and mobile phone networks . Just like Keba-Ekong ! , Quickie uses the potential of the cloud to offer smart solutions tailored for the Ghanaian market . The product is designed to accommodate the needs of those who are not keen to pay large sums for insurance once a year , says Chinery-Hesse . "  Quickie " users can activate their cover by sending an SMS with the unique code that appears on the card that they 've purchased from vendors of telecom products . "  You scratch the card , you look at your registration number , you stick it in to our server , you 're insured and the rest is history , " says Chinery-Hesse . Akatua : Akatua was one of the first software to be developed by SOFTTribe some two decades ago . Today , the cloud-based product , which has been taken on by many major companies operating in Ghana , claims to be the most efficient , payroll solution in the country . Find out more : Underwater cables bring faster internet to West Africa It is designed to simplify a series of complex payroll issues such as staff salaries , and maintenance of taxes as well as managing deductions and back pay . Hei-Julor !!! : Chinery-Hesse 's latest technological solution aims to use the potential of the cloud to offer what is claimed to be superior protection against armed robberies . Dubbed "  Hagelo , " which translates to "  Hey , you thief " the service incorporates scratch cards and crowd sourcing through an internet and mobile phone based application . A monthly $ 10 scratch card allows users to indicate to BSL 's server that their house is under attack . Then , a protection system mechanism is deployed to make sure the thief is caught . "  Within 2 minutes the whole neighborhood will be awake , the police are on their way , a security company is on their way , the radio stations are announcing -LSB- this house is under attack -RSB- , " says Chinery-Hesse . "  The security people we 're working with predict -- this big sign board that 's in the starter pack says : ` This crib is protected by Hagelo alert systems , do n't even bother , you will run like a wet rat ' -- and they say that sign board will put the fear of God into most thieves . " Teo Kermeliotis contributed to this report .	Herman Chinery-Hesse is a successful Ghanaian innovator and technology pioneer He 's the founder of one of Ghana 's biggest software companies He 's embarked on a mission to spark an entrepreneurial revolution in Africa His latest creations include virtual shopping malls , electronic ticketing and digital insurance
CNN  -- Boston was strong . Too strong for the St. Louis Cardinals . The Red Sox , defeated the Cardinals 6-1 on Wednesday to win their eighth World Series title and cap a wicked good worst-to-first season that delighted a city dealing with the aftermath of the deadly bombings at its signature marathon in April . Shane Victorino drove in four runs with a bases-loaded double in the third and an RBI single in the fourth as Boston took the Series four games to two . Series MVP David Ortiz , walked four times -- three times intentionally -- and scored two runs for the Red Sox . A resurgent John Lackey pitched six strong innings before fading in the seventh and leaving with the bases loaded with a 6-1 lead . But reliever Junichi Tazawa got out Allen Craig to blunt the Cardinals ' comeback attempt . In April at a remembrance ceremony for the victims of the bombing , it was Ortiz , known as Big Papi , who fired up the crowd . "  This jersey , that we wear today , it does n't say ` Red Sox . ' It says ` Boston , ' " Ortiz said , standing on the infield as the crowd cheered officers who were on the field . "  We want to thank you Mayor  Tom  Menino , Gov.  Deval  Patrick , the whole police department , for the great job that they did this past week . This is our f *** ing city . And nobody 's going to dictate our freedom . Stay strong , " he said , echoing the newly minted "  Boston Strong " motto . The Red Sox became only the second team in major league history to finish last in their division in one season and win the World Series the next year . In 1991 , two worst-to-first teams met in the World Series with the Minnesota Twins edging the Atlanta Braves in seven games . It 's the club 's third World Series title in the last 10 seasons -- albeit the first that they 've celebrated on their home field since 1918 .	Shane Victorino drove in four runs for Boston in Game 6 Red Sox win eighth World Series title , beating Cardinals In 2012 , they were last in their division First title clinched at home since 1918 , third in last 10 seasons
CNN  -- Dressed in eye-catching red costumes , a high-spirited troupe of barefoot acrobats storms across a dusty yard in the heart of Lusaka , Zambia 's capital , their grinning faces painted with bright colors . Using an elaborate mix of flips , kicks and twists , the skilful performers sing and whistle as they dance their way onto a makeshift stage , while the pounding beats of skin drums and cheerful clapping summon scores of excited children from nearby neighborhoods towards the spectacle . They 're all part of the Barefeet Theatre , an uplifting project that 's aiming to transform the lives of street children and orphans in Zambia by using performing arts as a way of engaging youths who have suffered through poverty , drug use or other traumatic issues . Read also : Brass band keeps youngsters from gang life Throughout the year , the group puts together a series of outreach events and workshops to help vulnerable kids participate in creative activities , such as theater , art , dance , music and storytelling . Organizers say they are all designed to help children express themselves , gain valuable information and ultimately prevent them from living on the streets . "  We engage the children with arts and theater to encourage their creativity and stimulate their curiosity , " says Adam McGuigan , who founded Barefeet Theatre in 2006 . "  We help holistically to their development and we see our interventions as crucial to any child 's development -- as important as schooling , as accommodation or food . " Accidental beginnings Back in the mid-2000s , McGuigan , a young artist hailing from the north of Ireland , left Europe to pursue his dream of taking a one-man street show to Africa . He embarked on his mission in South Africa , where he spent six months before heading north . But one month into his stay in Zimbabwe he was mugged and without most of his belongings , McGuigan had to get to the nearest Irish embassy , which was in Lusaka . And that 's when everything changed . "  When I got here I had nothing planned , but I happened to come across a guy who was working with street kids in a center called Fountain of Hope in Lusaka , " recalls McGuigan . "  So I came to do some workshops with these kids and it was absolutely incredible -- the energy , the passion , the enthusiasm and the talent that these kids had was just so infectious . "  At the same time I met a group of older guys who used to stay on the streets and were living at the center , and were also artists . So we were interested in how we could collaborate and work with these children . So it started very modestly and organically with just a few workshops and blossomed from there . " Read this : From the streets to break beats From those initial sessions , Barefeet has grown into a group working with thousands of children , typically aged from seven to 20 , in five cities across Zambia . The charity occupies its own office space , has a paid staff of more than a dozen people and receives funding from UNICEF . The group 's members , many of whom used to live on the streets themselves , run a series of artistic modules focused on issues affecting vulnerable kids , from physical and emotional abuse to HIV/AIDS and other major problems . As part of their training , the children also have to work together to stage performances for their communities , using the skills and information they gained during the workshop sessions . "  That 's when you can instil all the information and internalize it , " says McGuigan . "  And then it 's more lasting . " The group 's performances culminate in its annual Youth Arts Festival , a vibrant 10-day event at the end of August where children from across Zambia meet up to sing , dance and perform in front of enthusiastic onlookers . Held in various locations in Lusaka , the popular get-together includes a colorful carnival procession as well as an array of performances and art exhibitions that give children a platform to showcase their talents while highlighting the dangers of life on the streets . ' I thought that 's the end of my life ' In Zambia , loss of parents , poverty and family breakdown have pushed thousands of children onto the streets . According to UNICEF data , there are 1.2 million orphans under the age of 15 in the country , 800,000 of whom are affected by HIV and AIDS . In many cases , children take to the streets to try to earn money for school fees or supplement their family income . Exposed to cruel living conditions , many start begging and stealing while others resort to drug use . "  Once you get sucked into that life , it is quite hard to disengage yourself , " says McGuigan . "  Once you 're full time in the street , you 're open to a whole world of abuse -- sexual , physical , psychological , " he adds . "  It 's survival ; it 's really going from day to day trying to get food , trying to get enough money for drugs . " Read this : Bamboo bikes put Zambian business on right track As former street children themselves , many of Barefeet 's performers are well aware of the neglect and abuse suffered by many of their beneficiaries . "  I was born in a family of five , of which I was the last born , " says Barefeet facilitator Chembe Mwanza , one of the group 's success stories . "  My mother died when I was three months old so my dad had to marry another wife , which became my step mother . " Mwanza 's step mother disowned him when he was only eight , forcing him to run away to Lusaka and fend for himself . "  I got stranded , I never knew where to start from , " says Mwanza , whose drumming now accompanies the group 's energetic performances . "  I was left alone , I never knew anyone -- I just felt so lost , I thought that 's the end of my life . " It all changed when Mwanza was 14 and saw the Barefeet crew for the first time . "  They were just making different scowls , and they just have different energies and their stories , " he remembers . "  They were advocating for children that live on the street . It gave me confidence so I can stand . " ` Life-changing effects of art ' For most children living on the streets , entertainment is a rarity . That 's why the Barefeet troupe regularly pops up unannounced in low-income areas , attracting at-risk youth with their dancing , singing and drumming . The performers say the troupe sees itself as a conduit for providing help . Any child in need can be connected with other NGOs or local professionals able to provide care . The genius is that none of the group 's activities looks like serious work so children are more likely to play along without realizing they are being offered help . Looking ahead , McGuigan says the group 's dream is to turn its festival into a global hub where youth can come to perform and collaborate with Zambian artists , as well as share skills and experiences about issues affecting children in different parts of the world . "  We want our festival in the heart of Africa to be a hub for other young advocates and artists across the world who can come here and see whether they can be inspired by the life-changing effects of art in our country , " says McGuigan .	Barefeet Theatre uses performing arts to engage with street children in Zambia The group puts together events and art workshops to help kids participate in creative activities The group 's performances culminate in its annual 10-day Youth Arts Festival
CNN  -- "  Django Unchained " actress Daniele Watts and her boyfriend have been charged with one count each of lewd conduct , a spokesman said Tuesday . If found guilty , both Watts and her boyfriend , Brian James Lucas , could face a maximum of six months in jail and a $ 1,000 fine , according to Frank Mateljan , spokesman for the Los Angeles City Attorney 's Office . The charges stem from an incident last month outside CBS Studio Center in Studio City , California . Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department received calls that the couple was having sex in a parked car . The African-American actress and her white boyfriend accused police of racism for questioning them in what they said was only a public display of affection . Watts , a native of Atlanta , made her feature film debut in 2012 as Coco in the Oscar-nominated "  Django Unchained . " Opinion : ` Django Unchained ' actress was out of line CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	The charges stem from an incident last month outside CBS Studio Center Officers received calls that the couple was having sex in a parked car The African-American actress and her white boyfriend accused police of racism
CNN  -- Two of the world 's top golfers have backed the R & A 's decision to embrace technology by allowing spectators to bring mobile phones into this week 's British Open . The R & A , golf 's rulemakers outside of the United States and Mexico and organizers of the sport 's oldest major , have relented on a ban on phones which had been in place since 2006 . World No. 3 Lee Westwood , searching for his first triumph in one of golf 's four majors in front of his home fans , says the ban was unrealistic in the modern age . "  We live in times when the mobile phone is a key tool in business affairs so I think we might deter people from attending if there is a ban , " the 39-year-old , who has over 450,000 followers on Twitter , said in quotes released to CNN ahead of the 141st British Open . "  Obviously you do n't want them ringing when you are about to take a shot , but in general golf followers tend to be mindful of a player 's needs . " Australia 's Adam Scott has also backed the R & A 's decision , but warned that fans will need to use their phones responsibly . "  Cell phones or smart phones are a part of life these days , " said the world No. 13 ahead of the tournament at The Royal Lytham and St. Annes Golf Club on England 's west coast . "  I do n't have a problem with it . I just hope all spectators at the Open are considerate towards the players and put them on silent . " R & A head of communications Malcolm Booth explained how mobile phone use will only be allowed in specific zones , and that the move is part of the British Open welcoming new technology . "  It 's absolutely something we 're embracing , " Booth told CNN . "  We 're not naÃ ¯ ve or blind to the potential issues it could cause or the challenges which come with this policy . "  But we 're excited our spectators will have access to more information than they 've ever had on a golf course before . That can only heighten the experience of the Open championship . " The subject of mobile phone use during golf tournaments was raised after both four-time major winner Phil Mickelson and 2012 Masters champion Bubba Watson complained of spectators taking pictures during June 's Memorial Tournament . Despite the complaints from high-profile players , PGA Tour commissioner Tim Finchem outlined how no ban on phones at events would be implemented . Booth is hoping new technology designed for the British Open , which was won by Northern Ireland 's Darren Clarke in 2011 , will enhance the spectator experience . "  New for this year we have an ipad application , " added Booth . "  Allowing our spectators to have handheld devices on the golf course allows them to have up-to-the-minute scores . "  There is a new course guide we have for this year which uses GPS technology to show spectators and people who are n't at the event exactly where different groups are on the golf course . " "  We 're also going to have live coverage available in the UK through our apps , which is an exciting development . " The first round of the British Open tees off on Thursday , with the champion being crowned on Sunday .	Some of golf 's best players back decision to allow mobile phones back into the British Open The tournament banned mobiles from the course in 2006 but have relented this year World No. 3 Lee Westwood agrees with the move saying phones are key for business
CNN  More than 300 suspects have been arrested in South Africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners that have forced thousands to flee , the government said Sunday . "  We once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent , " the government said . "  No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops . " Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban . The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans , including a 14-year-old boy , authorities said . Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs . The government praised law enforcement agencies for stopping further bloodshed in Durban . "  We believe that their commitment to duty has prevented injuries and even deaths that could have happened if they security forces had not acted , " it said . The xenophobic sentiment is certainly not representative of all South Africans . "  There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans who are disgusted with the attacks not only because they are foreign , or African , but because they are fellow human beings , " said Gift of the Givers charity , which is helping those seeking refuge . The charity said last week that about 8,500 people had fled to refugee centers or police stations because of the violence . South Africa 's government implored citizens to remember the country 's history of overcoming challenges with the support of African neighbors . "  During the Apartheid many South Africans fled persecution and death at the hands of the Apartheid government , " it said in its statement . "  Africa opened its doors and became a home away from home for many South Africans . " President Jacob Zuma has canceled a trip to Indonesia and visited displaced foreign nationals in Chatsworth to express his support , the government said . The Gift of the Givers charity assured immigrants that it has a facility in Johannesburg to help those who might need shelter there . "  We have tents and all essential supplies on standby but pray that sanity prevails and this does not become necessary , " it said . In the past , Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions . In 2008 , scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg . Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances . In that attack , police arrested more than 200 people for various crimes including rape , murder , robbery and theft . CNN 's Larry Register contributed to this report .	South Africa is battling xenophobic violence after some said foreigners are taking jobs away A 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners
CNN  Children of the 1990s , brace yourselves : One of the decade 's most popular boy bands may reunite for Sunday night 's "  Saturday Night Live " 40th anniversary special . Showrunners have not officially confirmed that * NSYNC will appear on the star-studded three-hour special . But the boy band 's official Twitter account dropped a strong hint on Saturday using the hashtag #SNL40 : "  Together again ... Gee , it 's good to be together again . " If true , "  Bye Bye Bye " crooners Lance Bass , JC Chasez , Joey Fatone , Chris Kirkpatrick and Justin Timberlake would join an all-star lineup that includes Paul McCartney , Kanye West , Taylor Swift and rival 1990s boy band Backstreet Boys . Timberlake announced his involvement in the show earlier this week in an Instagram showing a "  writing session " with SNL alum and "  Tonight Show " host Jimmy Fallon . * NSYNC bandmate Chris Kirkpatrick also indicated on Twitter on Saturday that he was en route to New York while lamenting that the airline "  left our bags with tux for tomorrows event . " The bandmates last shared the stage in 2013 when Timberlake received the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award at the MTV Video Music Awards . 40 reasons why ` Saturday Night Live ' is still awesome at 40	"  Together again ... Gee , it 's good to be together again , " * NSYNC Twitter account says , with hashtag #SNL40 Star-studded three-hour special on Sunday will celebrate 40 years of "  Saturday Night Live "
CNN  -- A federal court ruled Thursday that a Montana bride accused of pushing her new husband off a cliff to his death will be released from custody as she awaits her trial . It is not clear at this time how much money Jordan Linn Graham will have to post to be released on bond or what conditions her bond will require . An order imposing conditions of her release will be filed separately . Graham has not yet been released from custody . "  Because the government concedes that Graham does not pose a risk of flight , and has not met its burden of proving by clear and convincing evidence that no condition or combination of conditions will reasonably assure the safety of the community , the court concludes that Graham must be released , " reads the order from Judge Jeremiah Lynch . Graham appeared in the U.S. District Court of Montana in Missoula , Montana , on Wednesday for her detention hearing on a charge that she pushed her husband , Cody L. Johnson , off a cliff in July on a hiking trail in Glacier National Park . The case is being heard in federal court because the park is under federal jurisdiction . Graham is facing a second-degree murder charge ; if she is convicted , she could be sentenced to life in prison . The couple had been married for a little more than a week when Johnson fell to his death . The affidavit supporting Graham 's murder charge states that she told police she decided to travel with Johnson to the hiking trail the evening of July 7 and an argument ensued . "  Graham stated their argument intensified . At one point in time during their arguing , Graham turned and began to walk away . She stated Johnson grabbed her by the arm , " reads the affidavit . Graham said she then turned around and removed his hand . "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff , " reads the affidavit . Johnson 's body was found several days later . The affidavit also states that Graham texted a friend the same night her husband died , saying in the message that she was going to talk to Johnson about having "  second thoughts . " Graham texted , "  Oh well , I am about to talk to him . " Her friend responded , "  I 'll pray for you guys . " Graham then replied , "  Dead serious , if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened , " according to a court document filed in the case . CNN 's Kyung Lah and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	Jordan Linn Graham , accused of pushing her husband off cliff , to get bond Prosecution concedes she is not a flight risk , federal judge notes in ruling Prosecutors say Graham pushed Cody Johnson off cliff during fight in July
CNN  -- Luis Suarez has promised never to bite a player again after the Uruguayan issued an apology to Italy 's Giorgio Chiellini . In a carefully worded statement on his official Facebook page , Suarez , who has been hit by a four-month ban by world governing body FIFA for biting the Italian , said he "  deeply regretted what occurred . " The statement added : "  I apologize to Giorgio Chiellini and the entire football family . "  I vow to the public that there will never again be another incident . " The Liverpool star 's punishment , which also includes a nine-match international ban , prohibits him from football-related activities , meaning he will be prevented from training with his teammates until late October . Suarez 's statement on Facebook continued to insist that the bite resulted from a "  collision " with Chiellini . The Italian defender accepted the apology via Twitter saying the incident was "  all forgotten " before repeating his call for FIFA to reduce Suarez 's suspension . In his defence to FIFA , Suarez reportedly said he had lost his balance and had fallen on "  top of his opponent . " In a Fifa disciplinary committee document , the Uruguayan explained : "  At that moment , I hit my face against the player , leaving a small bruise on my cheek and a strong pain in my teeth . "  In no way did it happen the way you have described , as a bite or intent to bite . " Given the bite on Chiellini was the third such offense of Suarez 's career , FIFA took an altogether dimmer view of the incident , handing down a tough punishment to the 27-year-old foward . When playing with Dutch club Ajax in 2007 , Suarez was suspended for seven games for biting an opponent , while he was hit with a 10-match sanction for an identical offense while playing for Liverpool in April 2013 . He also courted controversy in 2011 , when he was handed an eight-match ban for racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . Following previous indiscretions , Suarez has enjoyed the backing of his club Liverpool . Suarez has been heavily linked with a move away from Liverpool and , with the 27-year-old set to miss the first nine games of the Premier League season , it remains to be seen whether the Anfield team will continue to stand by its man .	Luis Suarez apologizes to Giorgio Chiellini Uruguayan says "  deeply regrets what occurred ' Suarez vows "  there will never again be another incident " FIFA has banned Liverpool and Uruguay forward for four months
CNN  -- It was almost a "  Full House " when Dave Coulier got married in Montana . The actor , who played Uncle Joey on that series , wed longtime girlfriend Melissa Bring on Wednesday , People magazine reported . Thanks to Instagram , we know that "  Full House " stars Candace Cameron Bure , Bob Saget , John Stamos and Andrea Barber were present for the nuptials , as was the show 's creator , Jeff Franklin . Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen were not present . Candid snaps show the friends hanging out , with one photo catching John Stamos inexplicably carrying a large wooden bench . Coulier and Bring announced their engagement in June , and Coulier told Us Weekly magazine that "  Melissa has been my best friend since I met her nine years ago . " "  I feel like the luckiest man on the planet , " said the actor , who also does stand-up and voice-over work . "  I get to marry my best friend , and she does n't mind that I have a really bad gas problem . "	Coulier wed girlfriend Melissa Bring The pair married in Montana Several of his costars were in attendance
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Dogs bred for the fighting pit have only one thing in their future : death . Fighting dogs may die in the ring or at the hands of their owners . If they are confiscated in a bust , they are almost always euthanized , experts say . Of the 1.4 million dogs euthanized at shelters last year , roughly half were pit bull types , Merritt Clifton says . Thursday is the deadline for owners to retrieve any of the 50 remaining pit bulls seized in April from the Virginia property of suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick , who is accused of using them in vicious dogfights . A federal judge is expected to issue a court order to euthanize the animals . Officials and animal rights advocates agree that the dogs must lose this last battle for their lives because of their brutal training and risks to people and other animals . "  They 're just not in any situation where they can be adopted , " said Dr. Lauren Adams , a veterinarian with Emory Animal Hospital in Decatur , Georgia . "  They can snap at any point . " Of the 1.4 million dogs euthanized at shelters last year , roughly half were pit bull types , according to the latest data from Merritt Clifton , editor of Animal People . The pit bull is not a breed but a type that includes American Pit Bull Terriers , American Staffordshire Terriers , Staffordshire Bull Terriers , and pit bull mixes , according to the Pit Bull Rescue Central Web site . Clifton and other experts estimate anywhere from 25 to 50 percent of pit bulls euthanized at shelters were fighting dogs . "  Those dogs have been bred for aggression . You can breed for certain physical traits , but you can also breed for behavioral characteristics , " said Wayne Pacelle , president of the Humane Society of the United States . Dogs that lose the fights often are abandoned at shelters , but not all of them make it that far . Owners sometimes kill the dogs that do n't win . Court documents from the Vick case say "  the losing dog was sometimes put to death by drowning , strangulation , hanging , gun shot , electrocution or some other method . " Learn about the dark world of dogfighting " If the dogs do make it to shelters , they are usually euthanized quickly . Keeping them alive puts a burden on shelters , which can be held legally responsible if anything goes wrong , and puts the other animals at risk . Watch why some say euthanasia is the only option for fighting dogs -- viewer discretion advised " "  It 's very difficult to deprogram that behavior once it is instilled , " Pacelle said . "  Even if you can do it to some degree , all it takes is one lapse in the animal 's behaviors to kill another animal or exhibit some other type of aggression . " Additionally , shelters face the threat of theft . In the United States , there are an estimated 40,000 people who are considered professional dogfighters and another 100,000 amateur "  streetfighters , " according to John Goodwin , an expert on animal fighting with HSUS . Those involved compete for prizes as high as $ 100,000 , and confiscated pit bulls are extremely valuable . Inside the overpopulated shelters , where it 's survival of the most adoptable , shelters focus their limited resources on the dogs that stand a better chance of finding a home . The stigma associated with pit bull types has victimized the "  good " pit bulls , Pacelle said . In some shelters , as many as 60 percent of dogs are pit bull mixes . More than 90 percent of pit bulls in shelters -- fighters or not -- end up euthanized , said Clifton , who has been researching animal shelters for more than three decades . In the early 1900s , pit bulls were characterized as "  nanny dogs " because they were used by families to baby-sit their children . "  By the end of the century , they were these horrible , aggressive , fighting dog machines , and that 's very unfortunate , " said Ed Boks , general manager of Los Angeles Animal Services in California . The secondary fighting market has contributed to over breeding of pit bulls , Clifton said . The market creates a place where people can sell dogs as disposable commodities -- like pigs or chickens -- at much lower prices than would be invested in a pet , he said . These disposable dogs are designed to fight until they can fight no more . "  It was back in the '70s , '80s and '90s when people discovered just how loving these animals are -- so loving that they would fight to the death to please their owners , " Boks said . Considering the risk the fighting dogs pose to shelters , potential owners and other animals , "  they just do n't have a chance , " Clifton said . "  You can compare it to what happens with exotic cats and people who keep tigers in their backyard . It 's not the tiger 's fault , but you are still on the menu . They are victims , but you do have to treat them as animals that belong in maximum security . " E-mail to a friend	Dogs that survive the fighting pit are almost always euthanized 50 remaining pit bulls seized from Michael Vick 's property could be euthanized Roughly half of all dogs euthanized at shelters are pit bulls or pit bull mixes Pit bulls can be good pets if bought as puppies and raised properly
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The former Israeli soldier who posted photos of herself on Facebook posing in front of blindfolded Palestinians waved off criticism of her actions , arguing that her behavior was no different than that of news outlets . "  This was just a military  service  experience , " Eden Abergil said in an interview on Tuesday with Israeli Army Radio . "  The media does the same thing . " Abergil , the former soldier identified online as "  Eden from Ashdod , " is seen smiling sitting on a blast barrier next to a blindfolded man . In another picture she is sitting in front of three blindfolded Palestinians , one with his hands tied in front of him . "  I ask the media -- when you take pictures of handcuffed prisoners for TV , do you ask for their permission ? Do these Arab men agree to it ? I really do not understand what is wrong . "  I have already apologized to the people who were actually hurt by me . This picture was without any political saying , just a thing of military  service  experience and no more . " Abergil was interviewed on Ilana Dayan 's Nachon Lehaboker show . The photos have since been taken down from her Facebook site , but Israeli media reports the photos were labeled "  IDF -- best time of my life . " The photos have been slammed by Israelis and Palestinians . In another interview on Dayan 's show , a Channel 2 Army commentator , Roni Daniel , expressed anger over Abergil 's attitude . "  I deeply regret that she does n't even understand what is wrong with this . I regret that the commanders did not see this  when it happened  . It is unfitting , wrong and unethical , " Daniel said . "  These photos are disgraceful ; in no way does the IDF condone this behavior , " said Israel Defense Forces spokesman Capt. Barak Raz in a written statement . "  In matters of information security aside , we are talking about a serious violation of the IDF ethical code , and I imagine that if she was on active duty today she would no doubt be court martialed . " Raz said Abergil left the military a year ago , but , "  nevertheless her commanders have been informed . " However , because Abergil has left the IDF it is not clear if the military will be able to take any action against her . Jawad Amawi , director of legal affairs for the Palestinian government 's prisoners ministry , told CNN , "  She did this act while she was in military service , so in retrospect the Israeli occupation is responsible for her acts . This is a breach of international law , clearly a breach of human rights . " Amawi said his department will try to take legal action against the former soldier . Israeli media reported one of the comments posted by a friend of Abergil said , "  That looks really sexy for you . " The photo shows Abergil smiling in front of blindfolded prisoners . She posted this response : "  I wonder if he is on Facebook too -- I 'll have to tag him in the photo , " an apparent reference to one of the prisoners in the photo .	"  Eden from Ashdod " says she has apologized to those she hurt She said the pictures had no political message One commentator regrets that she does n't understand what she did wrong
Mental Floss  -- Most people know that condoms prevent the spread of HIV and sexually transmitted diseases  STDs  . Unusual campaigns to promote condom use are being launched in places where condoms are less popular . But in many parts of the world , condoms are n't very popular . Here are five novel campaigns launched by nonprofit organizations and condom companies to encourage wider use . 1 . A ring tone to remember In India , people stigmatize condoms and refuse to wear them because they believe only prostitutes must use prophylactics . Leave it to one of the world 's richest men to find a solution -- the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation donated money for a national condom ring tone . An a cappella group sings "  Condom , Condom " -- in the style of doo-wop like the contagious pop song "  Barbara Ann " -- when one receives a phone call . Despite its bubblegum sound , officials hope that the people who have the condom ring tone appear smart and responsible . Since the ring tone 's August launch , more than 60,000 people downloaded it . Yvonne MacPherson , country director of the BBC World Service Trust  which the Gates foundation funded  , sums it up best when she said to The Associated Press : "  A ring tone is a very public thing . It 's a way to show you are a condom user and you do n't have any issues with it . " Right , nothing attracts the amorous attention like announcing loudly that you have a condom . 2 . Perks you right up Ethiopians claim they hate condoms because the smell of latex sickens them . To combat the odor , DKT International , a United Sates nonprofit , created coffee condoms . These dark brown condoms allegedly  I 'm not testing the products  taste and smell like the favorite coffee of Ethiopia -- the macchiato , an espresso with cream and sugar . One college student claimed the smell reminded him of the beauty of Ethiopian women  it 's not clear if that 's a compliment  . These condoms bolster national identity because Ethiopians claim to have invented coffee . DKT International also created flavored and scented condoms for Indonesia  durian fruit  and China  sweet corn  . Mental Floss : 4 fruits we 're dying to try 3 . Condom trees In western Australia , the rate of HIV infection is the highest in the nation . When public health nurses were looking for an effective way to distribute condoms , someone suggested trees . Young people in the countryside hang out under trees , so the shady spots are the perfect places for nurses to hang condom-filled canisters . Over 3,000 condoms are taken each month . Residents said grabbing condoms from trees was convenient and private . Additionally , officials in Australia piloted programs where Aboriginal teens sold packets of condoms and kept half of the proceeds . Officials tout these programs as a success because STD rates have fallen , yet nurses wonder how they will convince people that they should n't have multiple partners . Maybe a monogamy tree is in the Outback 's future . Mental Floss : 8 smooches that  sort of  shook the world 4 . Scare tactics Perhaps some safe sex programs skirt the issue -- unprotected sex causes HIV , which leads to AIDS and often death . It 's not surprising that a condom company would resort to scare tactics . The Tulipan Company launched its "  Be Careful " ads in Argentina . Showing skeletons positioned in flagrante delicto , these ads make no bones about how important it is to wear a condom while engaging in coitus . No word if the skeleton ads have had the desired impact , though the graphic skeletons appear more popular than recent Trojan ads , which depict men as swine . Mental Floss : Strange gravestones 5 . Spray-on protection Since his teens , Jan Vinzenz Krause struggled to find a condom that fit correctly . He thought the pursuit of the perfect prophylactic was hopeless -- until he went to the carwash . Inspired by the spray-on soap and wax , the German Krause developed a spray-on latex condom , which he claims always fits perfectly and feels natural . However , many men find the design off-putting ; the spray-on condom comes in a hard phallic case . Men slide themselves into the cylinder and layer on the latex , providing full coverage . The Jolly Joe , as Krause dubbed it , frightened many men during the testing phase -- they only put the case on their fingers .  Spray on gloves anyone ? Others felt the loud hissing was n't sexy and the latex takes too long to dry -- three minutes . Krause explains to Time , "  It needs to be ready in five to ten seconds . " So for now , Krause is waiting for a quicker-drying latex . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Unusual campaigns are aimed at promoting condom use and fighting AIDS German develops spray-on condom named "  Jolly Joe " that dries in 3 minutes Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation pays for India 's "  condom ring tone " Australia promotes safe sex by hanging thousands of condoms in trees
CNN  -- Unbeaten American Floyd Mayweather Jr claims he will knock out WBO welterweight world champion Manny Pacquiao when the two boxing giants lock horns next year . Speaking on HBO TV 's Joe Buck chat show , the 32-year-old Mayweather -- who has an unblemished record from 40 fights -- said : "  Pacquiao 's a good fighter but I 've been around the sport a long time and I 've dominated boxing for around 15 years now . "  Nobody has defeated me yet so we 'll have to see . The thing is , I do n't want the fans to be really shocked by what will happen when we do happen to meet up -- because it 's not going to be anything new for them . " "  The things is , Manny has been knocked out before and he 's taken losses . I 'll be victorious . " Filipino Pacquiao will come into the fight following a remarkable 12 months which has seen him defeat de la Hoya , Ricky Hatton and Miguel Cotto . Meanwhile , Mayweather has fought only once in two years , a unanimous points victory over Juan Manuel Marquez in las Vegas . Although definitive plans for the mega-money contest are yet to be confirmed , a date of March 13 is widely rumored to be agreed , with three possible venues in the running to stage the contest . The two fighters are regarded as the best pound-for-pound boxers in the world right now and the fight is expected to generate record levels of interest , easily surpassing the previous record of $ 18.4 m for gate receipts , which was generated for Mayweather 's bout with Oscar De La Hoya in 2007 . Two NFL stadiums are reported to be bidding to host the fight . Cowboy Stadium in Arlington , Texas , home of the Dallas Cowboys , is competing with the Superdome in New Orleans , as well as the MGM Grand in Las Vegas . The two stadiums could accommodate up to 100,000 spectators , while the MGM Grand seats about 16,000 .	Floyd Mayweather Jr claims he will knock out WBO welterweight world champion Manny Pacquiao The pair are scheduled to meet next March with the venue still to be decided 32-year-old American Mayweather remains unbeaten after 40 professional fights
A well known leader of an anti-government "  sovereign citizens " group was indicted Tuesday in Montgomery , Alabama , for tax crimes , the Justice Department announced . A 10-count indictment charges James Timothy Turner with conspiracy to defraud the United States , attempting to pay taxes with fictitious financial instruments , attempting to obstruct the Internal Revenue Service , failure to file federal tax returns and giving false testimony in a bankruptcy proceeding . The government says Turner , the self-proclaimed president of a sovereign-citizens group called Republic for the united States of America , was arrested Tuesday and had a brief court appearance . Turner will remain in jail pending a Monday detention hearing , according to a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Middle District of Alabama . According to the indictment , Turner allegedly tried to pay his 2008 taxes with a $ 300 million fake bond and assisted others trying to pay taxes with up to $ 100 billion dollars in fraudulent bonds . Prosecutors also said Turner gave seminars teaching others how to defraud the IRS and to file retaliatory liens against government officials . Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center said Turner 's sovereign citizens group rejects the authority of the government and its ability to enforce laws and collect taxes . Potok said that in late 2010 the group sent letters to governors in all 50 states calling on them to step down . The taxes charges brought against Turner carry a maximum of 164 years in prison as well as large financial penalties if he is convicted . CNN was not able to identify a lawyer representing Turner .	The defendant heads a group that calls itself the Republic for the united States of America Authorities describe it as a "  soverign citizens " group The group rejects the authority of the government and paying taxes Turner is facing a 10-count indictment for alleged tax crimes
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Draconian laws , brutal attacks against bloggers and politically motivated surveillance are among the biggest threats to Internet freedom emerging in the last two years , according to a new report from free speech advocates , Freedom House . "  Freedom on the Net 2012 : A Global Assessment of Internet and Digital Media , " looked at barriers to access , limits on content , and violations of user rights in 47 countries across the globe . Estonia was rated as having the greatest degree of Internet freedom , while Iran , Cuba and China were viewed as the most restrictive . While social media was key in the uprising in Egypt , censorship there continues apace , says Freedom House , a U.S.-based independent watchdog organization . Although online activism is increasing , the report said authoritarian regimes were employing a wider and increasingly sophisticated arsenal of countermeasures . Read more : The full report According to Freedom House , China has the world 's largest population of Internet users , yet the authorities operate the most sophisticated system of censorship . Its "  great firewall " has become notorious for literally shutting down Internet "  chatter " it views as sensitive . Earlier this year , censors blocked related search terms to prevent the public from obtaining news on prominent human rights activist Chen Guangcheng , who caused a diplomatic storm when he escaped house arrest to seek refuge in the U.S. Embassy in Beijing . Read more : News on blind activist 's escape Major web portals and social networking sites , though not state-owned , have had to comply with strict government censorship rules -- or risk being shut down . After launching a campaign to clean up "  rampant online rumors , " Chinese authorities in March ordered the country 's leading micro-blogging sites -- including Sina Weibo -- to disable their comment function for three days . In China , bloggers are also required to register their real names -- though it 's not clear how many have complied with the rules . "  It 's a typical response by officials and quite a successful strategy in making it extremely difficult to spread information beyond some small circles of activists , " Jeremy Goldkorn , a leading commentator on China 's social media , told CNN at the time . Freedom House claims Beijing 's influence as an "  incubator for sophisticated restrictions " has not gone unnoticed , with governments such as Belarus , Uzbekistan , and Iran using China as a model for their own Internet controls . Unrest across the Middle East prompted increased censorship , arrests , and violence against bloggers as authoritarian regimes look to quell calls for reform . Social media was widely accepted to have played a key role in popular uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia . Fearing a similar "  revolution " in Saudi Arabia , the authorities there took immediate steps to respond to what they regarded as a national security threat . According to the Freedom House report , the Saudi government has issued warnings banning protests -- even using the BlackBerry multi-media message service  MMS  to discourage protesters from participating in demonstrations . They say the authorities have detained and intimidated hundreds of online political activists and online commentators , blocked and filtered sensitive political , religious or pornographic content from entering the Saudi Internet , and even recruited supporters online to campaign against calls for protests . Egypt 's "  revolution , " which ended the three-decade rule of Hosni Mubarak , was widely known as the Facebook or Twitter revolution because of the way activists used social media to spread their message , despite government countermeasures such as arresting dissidents , periodically blocking Internet access and restricting cellular networks . Read More : The faces of Egypt 's ` Revolution 2.0 ' However , the reports says Mubarak-era censorship has continued in Egypt under the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  SCAF  , which took control until the election of Mohamed Morsy as president in June . Mobile phones , the Internet , and social media remained under vigorous surveillance , bandwidth speeds were throttled during specific events , while SCAF-affiliated commentators manipulated online discussions . According to Freedom House , activists and bloggers have been intimidated , beaten , or tried in military courts for "  insulting the military power " or "  disturbing social peace . " After taking office in June , President Morsy pledged to work to free Egyptians subjected to unjust detention . That month , Egyptian newspaper Al-Masry Al-Youm reported that he had ordered the formation of a panel of Interior Ministry , Public Prosecution , and military judiciary officials to consider the cases of civilians detained by the military . But this week 's report warns the future direction of Internet freedom in Egypt remains uncertain despite Morsy 's election . Freedom House also highlighted countries seen as vulnerable to increased restrictions on freedom of speech . In Pakistan , the report noted that successive military and civilian governments have exerted greater control over Internet use , often citing national security or religious reasons for doing so . On several occasions the authorities have blocked access to services such as YouTube , Flickr , Facebook and various blogs -- often under pressure from religious groups . Another country on this watch list is Russia , where the report says Internet-inspired anti-government protests last year have prompted a desire on the part of the Kremlin to tighten up on its controls . "  The findings clearly show that threats to Internet freedom are becoming more diverse , " said Sanja Kelly , project director for Freedom on the Net at Freedom House . "  As authoritarian rulers see that blocked websites and high-profile arrests draw local and international condemnation , they are turning to murkier -- but no less dangerous -- methods for controlling online conversations . "	Report looks at barriers to access , limits on content in 47 countries across the globe Authoritarian regimes increasing restrictions as online activism increases China has largest number of Internet users and most sophisticated controls Many countries fear social media-led revolutions seen in Egypt , Tunisia
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Ross Lovegrove is widely regarded as one of the most important and innovative contemporary industrial designers . Ross Lovegrove with a model of the capsule to be built on Moritz Craffonara 's private mountain in Italy . And he does n't disappoint on the innovation front with his latest project . Lovegrove -- famous for his tactile and fluid sensual forms -- has teamed up with a private client who dreams of sleeping under the stars atop his private mountain in the Alps . With money seemingly no object , Lovegrove has designed what he calls an " alpine capsule , " to fulfill the wishes of restaurateur and club owner Moritz Craffonara , who has lived in the Badia region of Italy for more than 40 years . The capsule bed will be mirrored on the outside but transparent on the inside to take advantage of a 360 degree view of the breathtaking landscape . Lovegrove describes the capsule bed as an "  incredible ethereal space . You lie on this irregular shaped bed , maybe you can play classical music or something that is going to stimulate your senses and then you are going to marvel at this 360 degree view around you , I could n't think of a better way to wake up in the morning , " he tells CNN . The bed will be built within a couple of years according to the designer , who hopes that it will attract people from all over the world . See some of Ross Lovegrove 's designs . " Placing a seemingly incongruous space-age pod on a mountain top in the middle of the Alps is something Lovegrove has no qualms about doing . He said : "  In areas like this where they predominantly build from wood and you see the very old buildings , they are very beautiful , they work in total harmony with their environment and I 'm not looking to interfere with that at all . It 's worse for me to design a hybrid type of structure that is trying to tastefully fit in . " For him , the capsule is part of what he calls "  a new nature , " -- a man-made situation "  that brings in the positive aspects of man 's material and technological potential . " "  I 'm interested in developing an aesthetic for the 21st century which comes from the intelligent use of resources , materials and structures , " he says . Away from his client work , one of Lovegrove 's projects is the "  Car on a Stick , " an electric bubble car that turns into an elevated streetlight at night . This style typifies Lovegrove 's methods of blending organic inspiration with a fresh approach to function , cutting-edge manufacturing technologies . In the early 1980s , he worked on the Sony Walkman and and the Apple iMac and over his long and varied career , has worked with a wide range of influential clients including Airbus Industries , Peugeot , Issey Miyake , Tag Heuer , Herman Miller . Above all , the common theme of Lovegrove 's design is the passion that imbues them .	Industrial designer Ross Lovegrove is known for his organic , flowing forms He is building a "  bed under the stars " in the Alps for his latest project Lovegrove 's work is held in design museums including New York 's MOMA
CNN  -- The Soviet-made Mi-8 helicopter turns slowly in the blue autumn sky . It appears to be at an altitude of 3,000-4 ,000 feet , circling above the province of Aleppo in northwestern Syria . Suddenly , there 's a streak of white and then an explosion -- as its engine bursts into flames . Off camera , there are yelps of joy . It is a rare success for the Free Syrian Army : a precious ground-to-air missile has found its target . Trailing black smoke , the helicopter makes a hard landing . It 's not known what happened to the crew . In the last week , the rebels claim to have shot down one plane and two helicopters in Aleppo province . CNN 's Arwa Damon went to the crash site of the plane Wednesday , and saw chunks of metal being carted off by locals . U.S. still weighing whether to arm Syrian rebels At least one of the pilots appears to have been found unconscious by the rebels after ejecting from the plane . Videos uploaded to YouTube appear to show the pilot with a bandaged head wound . It 's a sign that the rebels are beginning to use the weapons they 've seized from military bases to good effect , and are gradually beginning to challenge Bashar al-Assad government 's dominance of the skies . Damon reported Thursday : "  The FSA controls vast chunks of territory in Aleppo -LSB- province -RSB- . In a span of 24 hours they brought down a fighter jet and helicopter and took over a major base " in the province . "  What was striking driving through Aleppo , and we were not too far from the city itself , was seeing villages and towns that two months ago one could n't drive through , " Damon reported . "  They now have children playing in the streets and shops opening . " "  There are some Free Syria Army checkpoints , " Damon reported . "  This is significant ; you see where Assad forces might have been and were but are no longer . " Rebels who recently seized the base of the 46th Regiment some 15 miles  25 kilometers  west of Aleppo told Damon they had captured as many as 300 MANPADs  man-portable air-defense systems  , about half of which were in working condition . There is no way of confirming the number . Videos uploaded after the rebels overran the base showed at least 10 large crates of anti-air missiles , each of which would hold two MANPADs . Eliot Higgins , who tracks the Syrian conflict through dozens of YouTube channels on his blog Brown Moses , says that when the rebels capture "  a couple of dozen -LSB- MANPADs -RSB- it gets exciting ; 100 would be quite amazing " Rebels also showed off captured tanks and artillery pieces , as well as Chinese-made multiple rocket launchers , seized at the 46th Regiment base . As rebels appear to gain ground , Internet shuts down in Syria Free Syrian Army brigades are producing "  instructional videos " for handling and arming their newly acquired hardware . One video shows a rebel on a rocky hillside opening a large packing crate , assembling a SA-7 . Inside , there are two long olive-green tubes with Cyrillic lettering . Over the next three minutes , the rebel assembles the tube and points it skyward . It is just one of dozens of anti-air missiles or MANPADs that the rebels are thought to have seized . They are mainly Russian-made SAMs -- some manufactured before the young fighters were born . Videos uploaded to YouTube and evidence gathered on the ground suggest most of the MANPADs in rebel hands are SA-7s , which the Russians call Strela 2s . It is hardly state-of-the-art , having been developed in the 1960s . There have also been occasional sightings of more advanced SA-16s in rebel hands , which Higgins says has a much better targeting system than the SA-7 . But he notes that often these missile systems lack the all-important grip-stock or battery cooling unit , making them inoperable . Despite the rebels ' gradual acquisition of heavy weaponry , much of it is in poor shape and of a certain age . There is no sign that rebel units have been using more advanced anti-aircraft missiles such as the Stinger . The Washington Post reported this week that rebels had acquired some 40 shoulder-fired missile systems in recent weeks , and some had been supplied by Qatar . CNN has been unable to confirm that . But , in October , a diplomatic source told CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson that some rebel groups had a few Western-made anti-aircraft missiles under "  close control . " Even so , the government retains vast superiority in firepower . And opposition sources say it 's using that firepower in ever more indiscriminate ways . Syrian rebels down jet , take video of bloodied pilot Higgins notes from the hundreds of videos he has analyzed that "  rather than deploying all their most powerful weapons at once the air force appears to have escalated the air war . " He says "  L-39s -LSB- a Czech-made jet trainer that can also fly combat missions -RSB- and OFAB 100-120 bombs -LSB- Russian-made fragmentation munitions -RSB- appeared after the battle for Aleppo began , and cluster munitions appeared after the Idlib highway was closed . " On Thursday , videos emerged from the city of Aleppo of an airstrike against a neighborhood in rebel hands . They showed the bodies of men , women and children , caked in white dust and blood , being pulled from piles of rubble by frantic rescuers . Above , the top floors of an apartment block have been sheared off , raining lumps of concrete on the street below . Opposition activists estimated at least 15 people were killed . Other videos uploaded by opposition activists this week show the town of Maarat al Numan , captured by rebels in October , enduring a fourth week of air-raids . The town sits on the main highway linking Damascus with the north , an important artery that is no longer under government control . Fawaz Gerges , Professor of Middle Eastern politics and international relations at the London School of Economics , tells CNN : "  I think the opposition is chipping away at the government 's position . I think the opposition strategy is a war of attrition to exhaust the government 's forces . " After spending several days among rebel fighters , Damon says that "  On the one hand there 's a certain sense of anger and frustration with the international community because they feel they have been abandoned . At the same time they have n't lost . They are making major progress and there is a sense of determination and belief that they can do this on their own . " Turkey , NATO scout locations for missile protection from Syria Arwa Damon reported from Syria and Tim Lister from Atlanta . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Ashley Fantz , Raja Razek , Yousuf Basil , Hamdi Alkhshali and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	Rebels make progress against Syrian air might Still , much of their weaponry is outdated They are producing instructional videos for use of military hardware
CNN  -- A New York man fatally stabbed three people , slashed at least five others , hit and killed one man with a car and hijacked two vehicles before being wrestled to the ground early Saturday while trying to break into the cab of a subway car , police said . Maksim Gelman , who is unemployed and known to authorities mostly as a graffiti artist , was arrested aboard a northbound train in Manhattan around 9 a.m. Saturday , about 28 hours after he allegedly began a spree that spanned three New York City boroughs , Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . "  It 's so horrendous and bizarre , " Kelly told reporters Saturday afternoon . "  We have no reason that we can give you as to why he did this . " Around 5 a.m. Friday , police say Gelman , 23 , got into a dispute with his mother at her home in the Sheepshead Bay section of Brooklyn . She had refused to let him take her 2004 gray Lexus . The suspect 's stepfather intervened and was stabbed 11 times , according to Kelly . The stepfather -- Aleksandr Kuznetsov , 54 -- died , while the mother alerted authorities after surviving unscathed . Police believe Gelman , having then taken the Lexus , fatally stabbed the mother of his ex-girlfriend 11 times in her Brooklyn home around 10:30 a.m. . The victim , 56-year-old Anna Bulchenko , lived there -- which was about a mile north of the earlier stabbing -- with her daughter . Around 4:15 p.m. , Gelman 's former girlfriend returned home , found her mother dead on the floor and called 911 three times , police said . Commissioner Kelly said all the calls , the last of which came in around 4:18 p.m. , were brief and that authorities had arrived on the scene around 4:20 p.m. . In that short period , Gelman -- presumably lurking somewhere in the apartment -- went after 20-year-old Yelena Bulchenko with a knife , Kelly said . Likely stabbing her first inside , the suspect allegedly chased his former girlfriend into the street and -- after kniving the jacket sleeve of a passerby trying to stop him -- killed her . "  There 's no indication on the  911  tapes that she was aware of him being present , " Kelly said . "  It seemed  a tremendously traumatic experience for her . " Gelman hopped back into his Lexus , and rear-ended a 1995 Pontiac Bonneville , according to police . He stabbed that car 's driver -- a 60-year-old man whom Gelman did not know -- in the shoulder and neck in a confrontation , ditched his Lexus and left the scene in the Pontiac . Police said they later found four kitchen knives inside the Lexus . As of Saturday afternoon , the Pontiac 's original driver was in stable condition at a local hospital recovering from three stab wounds to the chest , according to the commissioner . Around 4:25 p.m. , Gelman drove the Pontiac into a pedestrian about two miles away in the Midwood section of Brooklyn , Kelly said . The man , later identified as 60-year-old Steve Tannenbaum , died of his injuries . The suspect eventually abandoned the Pontiac , which was found in Brooklyn near a railroad line that Gelman was known to frequent as a graffiti artist . Shortly before 1 a.m. Saturday , according to Kelly , Gelman hopped into a cab in Brooklyn and stabbed its driver . That man is also in stable condition at a local hospital . The commissioner said Gelman then got out of the cab and confronted a couple , stabbing a 25-year-old man in the hands and taking his keys to a Nissan . That man , who Kelly said suffered only defensive wounds , was treated and released at a hospital . The Nissan was later found in the New York City borough of Queens , not far from a subway station . Around 8:30 a.m. Saturday , New York police got a phone tip that Gelman might have been riding on a southbound subway train in Manhattan . Another witness , who approached police at a subway stop , said Gelman knocked from her hands a newspaper that featured his picture and alleged exploits and said to her , "  Do you believe what they 're writing about me ? " Gelman crossed the tracks at a midtown Manhattan stop and jumped onto a northbound express train . The suspect stabbed another passenger -- a 40-year-old man , whom Gelman did n't appear to know -- in the head and neck sometime during his time onboard , Kelly said . That male subway passenger is also in stable condition . Eventually , the suspect worked his way to the front cab of the train . The commissioner said Gelman pounded on the cab 's door , yelling "  Police " -- apparently trying to get in , by claiming he was a police officer . He did not appear to know two transit police officers , later identified as Terrance Howell and Tamara Taylor , were inside the cab with the train 's operator . Soon after , the officers -- with aid from off-duty New York police Det. Marcelo Razzo and an unnamed civilian nearby -- wrestled Gelman to the ground . No one was hurt in that scuffle , during which a knife fell to the ground . Police also found Gelman had another , smaller , knife when they detained him . He also had what Kelly described as a "  significant amount of money . " "  This was a tremendous effort , " Kelly said , referring to the various law enforcement units and tools used to look for Gelman . Kelly said the suspect was mostly "  incoherent " after being arrested , besides a statement that "  she had to die . " The commissioner said he did not know if "  she " referred to Yelena Bulchenko , her mother or someone else . As of Saturday afternoon , Gelman had not yet been charged with any crime and was in a Manhattan police precinct . Kelly said Gelman had 10 previous arrests , mostly for drug charges and graffiti , plus one robbery charge . His most recent arrest came on January 26 , when he was accused of possessing crack . For roughly the past seven years , Gelman has been a naturalized U.S. citizen . He arrived in this country with his father and mother in 1992 from his native Ukraine . CNN 's Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspect tried to get into the front of a subway car , saying he was police New York 's top cop says Maksim Gelman , 23 , fatally stabbed 3 people Gelman allegedly hit and killed someone with a stolen car , stabbed five others Three victims are Gelman 's stepfather , ex-girlfriend and ex-girlfriend 's mother
CNN  -- Rihanna postponed a concert in Malaysia that was set for Friday night , according to the show 's promoter , following reports that she was allegedly assaulted by boyfriend Chris Brown . Rihanna was scheduled to play a concert in Malaysia on Friday . Promoter Pineapple Concerts announced Tuesday that it was notified by Rihanna 's agent at the William Morris Agency that she would not make the Malaysia date . "  In light of recent events involving Rihanna , the artist management will confirm within two weeks from now on a replacement date to be mutually agreed by Pineapple Concerts and the artist , " the company said . The promoter stressed that it was "  not a cancellation but a postponement " and told those who bought tickets to hold on to them for a rescheduled date . Watch the latest on the Brown-Rihanna incident " The concert , to be held in at Stadium Putra Bukit Jalil on the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur , is part of Rihanna 's "  Good Girl Gone Bad Tour , " which began last year . Malaysia 's conservative Islamic party protested against Rihanna last month , saying her show is too risque for the country . "  Rihanna 's image including her dressing is not suitable for our culture , " Kamaruzaman Mohamad of the Parti Islam Se-Malaysia  PAS  told Malaysia 's Star newspaper . "  Even if she wore a headscarf here , we know it is not her real self because she performs differently in other places , " he said . The government rejected the PAS demand that the show be canceled . Rihanna -- whose full name is Robyn Rihanna Fenty -- canceled her performance at Sunday night 's Grammy Awards as police were looking for Brown in connection with the alleged domestic violence incident . Brown , 19 , turned himself in Sunday night . He was arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats . Brown was later released on a $ 50,000 bond . He is scheduled to appear in court on March 5 . Police said Brown and a woman were in a vehicle near Hollywood 's Hancock Park early Sunday when they became involved in an argument . The woman "  suffered visible injuries and identified Brown as her attacker , " police said . While police did not identify Rihanna , 20 , as the alleged victim , sources close to the couple told CNN she was the woman involved in the incident . Brown 's lawyer has not responded to several requests for comment .	Rihanna was scheduled to play show in Malaysia Friday night Singer was reportedly involved in incident with boyfriend Chris Brown Rihanna 's Malaysia show had been protested by country 's conservatives
CNN  -- When I was a little girl , my parents would take me every year to see "  The Nutcracker . " I remember practically drooling in awe as the massive Christmas tree grew out of the stage until it towered over the audience , and hiding under my seat whenever that hideous , sword-wielding , gazillion-headed rat wobbled out onto the stage . Last year , I went to see it again , just for old times ' sake . The takeaway : The grown-ups in "  The Nutcracker 's " day knew how to throw a hell of a party . It was all so pretty and elegant . Gorgeously clad ladies and top-hatted gentlemen arrived and immediately descended upon the champagne ; they danced and gave toasts , and sumptuous platters of fruit and glasses of mulled wine were toted about by equally well-clad servants . The kids made themselves scarce and played together with quaint wooden toys . Ah , the good old days . As far as I can tell , there 's no reason why we ca n't have that sort of cultivated , old-timey holiday rituals and flourishes today as well . What follows is a short list of such pleasures , just in time for Christmas and New Year 's festivities . After all , if you ca n't be nostalgic during the holidays , when can you ? Let 's bring back ... 1 . Champagne glass towers A round pyramid of stacked coupe champagne glasses , in which champagne is poured into the top glass and trickles down to the lower tiers . Popular in the 1920s , such towers are gleaming monuments to pretty decadence . Can you think of a more spectacular way to ring in the New Year ? 2 . Winter picnics A sublime way to spend a snowy afternoon . Bundle up , fill your wicker picnic hamper with white wine  which you can chill just by sticking it in a snowbank  , a thermos of soup , and sandwiches . Bring along a cheerful red wool plaid blanket to sit on -- and do n't forget your dog , who will love rooting around in the snow while you nestle and dine . 3 . Brown-paper-and-twine-wrapped packages Fraulein Maria loved them in "  The Sound of Music , " and so do I . They are a democratic approach to gift-wrapping -- and terribly mysterious as well . There could be anything inside , from a diamond necklace to a slab of fish . 4 . Bonbons The perfect stocking stuffer for the glamorously indolent women in your life . While many types of candy today are described as "  bonbons , " the cream-in-the-middle chocolate version of this confection used to be the symbol of lazy chicness : A lady of leisure would supposedly lie in bed all day and eat bonbons . In the popular imagination , these ladies were , of course , invariably clad in marabou-fringed dressing gowns . 5 . Homely Christmas trees Lopsided ones with fat colored lights and homemade ornaments and popcorn strings . Matchy-matchy Martha Stewart trees with white lights and red plaid ribbons look constipated . 6 . Figgy pudding If the lyrics of "  We Wish You a Merry Christmas " are an accurate indicator , something about figgy pudding makes people quite bossy and demanding : Oh , bring us some figgy pudding and a good cup of cheer -- We wo n't go until we get some , so bring some right here . Well , if it 's that good , maybe we should bring it back . 7 . Punch bowls Punch bowls are the Lolitas of serving ware : Filled with pink party punch , they look dainty and sweet and innocent but portend all sorts of naughty behavior . They used to be the life of the party and deserve that honor once again . 8 . New Year 's Day parties A lovely , optimistic alternative to the typical New Year 's Eve parties -- which are so often well-intentioned but disappointing . Set up a lovely buffet and open your doors at noon . Those who are nursing hangovers can stroll in later in the afternoon . 9 . Skating parties Grab ten of your closest friends , a handful of brightly colored stocking caps , and head to a pretty frozen lake or outdoor skating rink . These once-popular diversions were often followed by a post-skating party supper as well . The 1966 edition of "  The New York Times Menu Cook Book " recommends this endearing menu : Hot Buttered Rum Old-Fashioned Vegetable Soup Crusty French Bread Mixed Green Salad Cranberry Cheese Cupcakes 10 . Bing Crosby His voice used to be synonymous with Christmas , thanks to his rendition of "  White Christmas " in the 1942 film "  Holiday Inn . " The nostalgic , comforting tenor of the song strongly resonated with war-weary Americans and overseas soldiers ; Crosby 's "  White Christmas " single eventually sold more than 50 million copies , making it one of the best-selling singles in the world , according to "  The Guinness Book of World Records . " Happily , you can find Crosby 's Christmas recordings with the wonderful Andrews Sisters on iTunes -- although I maintain that they still sound best on scratchy old records .	Writer believes there used to be more glamour to the holidays She suggests New Year 's Day parties and picnics in the snow Wants to bring back punchbowls and champagne pyramids
CNN  -- Actor John Ingle , who played patriarch Edward Quartermaine on ABC 's "  General Hospital , " has died at age 84 , ABC announced Monday . Ingle died at his California home on Sunday while fighting cancer , the network said in a news release . "  John Ingle achieved great joy from playing the role of Edward Quartermaine , " according to executive producer Frank Valentini . "  In our brief time working together , I have enjoyed getting to know a great man who embraced life , cherished what he did and , most of all , loved his family . " The actor last appeared in a September 11 episode of the long-running daytime soap opera . "  He was genuinely interested in people and everything that was going on ... . His dressing room door was always open , and many of us would find our way there to pick his brain and , in turn , he would lend an ear and offer his wisdom , " said longtime fellow cast member Leslie Charleson , who has played Dr. Monica Quartermaine on "  General Hospital . " "  Always the professional , after his first surgery he was worried about whether ` Edward ' would wear a cap . I for one , will miss that cap , because he wore it well . But above all I will miss him , and especially his wonderful smile . " Ingle taught drama for three decades before launching his acting career in 1985 , according to ABC . The network said his students included Albert Brooks , Nicolas Cage , Richard Dreyfuss , Joanna Gleason , Barbara Hershey , Swoosie Kurtz , Stefanie Powers , David Schwimmer and Jonathan Silverman . He joined "  General Hospital " in 1993 . He had appeared in movies such as "  Batman and Robin , " "  Death Becomes Her , " "  Robocop 2 " and "  Heathers , " and on TV shows including "  Days of Our Lives , " "  Beverly Hills , 90210 , " "  Cheers , " "  Dallas , " "  Doogie Howser , M.D. , " "  Night Court " and "  The Drew Carey Show . " On Sunday , Ingle died surrounded by his family , including five daughters , ABC said . His wife of 57 years , Grace-Lynne Martin , died in February . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	John Ingle was on the daytime soap opera for 19 years He dies at age 84 while battling cancer Ingle played patriarch Edward Quartermaine He also appeared in many other roles in movies and TV shows
Paris  CNN  -- When you 're in love in Paris , you show it with a lock . A combination lock , a bicycle lock or , most commonly , a simple padlock -- hundreds of them -- all inscribed with the names of lovers and clinging to the chain link railing of the Pont des Arts , the Bridge of Arts , the keys romantically tossed into the Seine flowing below . "  Without you , my life does n't make sense , " one of the locks reads in French . "  Walter and Tammy engaged , " another announces to the world in English . You might easily miss the modest pedestrian bridge with the shiny accessories in the tourist rush to find historic Pont Neuf or the ornate Pont Alexandre III , but I am taking it slow on my second visit to Paris . There are no museums on my itinerary and no mad scrambles to fit in all of the city 's famous sites . I 've already seen the Mona Lisa , been to the top of the Eiffel Tower , gazed down on Napoleon 's tomb and admired Notre Dame . This visit is for savoring Paris : walking to wherever fancy strikes , sitting in any park or café that looks inviting and eating as many baguettes , pastries and other delectable things as my budget  and figure  will allow . "  Sleepless Night " When I arrive , "  Purple Rain " is the talk of the town . It 's the first weekend of October , so the streets of Paris are extra crowded for the annual Nuit Blanche -- White Night or Sleepless Night -- when museums stay open until dawn and organizers promise "  surprising and unusual " art installations all over the city . One of them invites visitors to pick up a clear plastic umbrella and walk through a courtyard as rain machines and mauve lights make it look like they 've stepped into Prince 's hit song . I start each of my few days in Paris with champagne . It 's right there , chilling in an ice bucket in the corner of my hotel 's breakfast buffet every morning , not far from a pitcher of milk . Guests sip from their champagne flutes as casually as from their coffee cups as they fill up on cold cuts , cheeses and buttery croissants spread liberally with Nutella . An unexpected heat wave bathes Paris in summer light , so I take in the stunning views of the city from Sacre Coeur Basilica and go explore hilly , bohemian Montmartre . Who knew grapes grow in Paris ? They bask in the sun on a slope on Rue des Saules in Clos Montmartre , the city 's only vineyard . Not far away , you can feast on sea bass in butter sauce in Le Moulin de la Galette , a restaurant topped by a little 18th-century windmill -- one of only two that remain in the area . A poster quest I take alarmingly frequent boulangerie and patisserie breaks . The bakery near my hotel , just off the Champs Elysées , has baskets of warm crunchy-soft baguettes and display cases full of elaborate sweets that you ca n't ignore . My favorite : a raspberry pistachio gateau , with the tart ruby fruit nestled in sweet clouds of pale green cream in between layers of flaky puff pastry . Heaven . Haunted by a poster of the Le Monde des Chimères restaurant that I 've owned for years , I set out for Île Saint-Louis -- one of two islands in the Seine -- where the photo was taken . The restaurant now has a new name , Mon Vieil Ami , but I 'm not disappointed . The peaceful little island , with its boutique-lined center street , is a charmer , and food temptations are all around : "  lapin à la moutarde "  rabbit with mustard sauce  , "  chocolat noir " ice cream , "  rhubarbe " sorbet . Close calls at Place de l'Étoile For entertainment , I watch the crazy traffic around the Arc de Triomphe . There are no lanes and no traffic cops . Cars entering the circle have the right of way , and they roar into the giant roundabout as the other cars already in it  and going alarmingly fast  squeal to a stop , sometimes with just inches to spare . There are honks and angry hand gestures as vehicles of every imaginable size -- from tiny Smart cars to giant tour buses -- negotiate the circle with equal zeal . Want to exit the roundabout into one of the 12 avenues fanning out of it ? Just cut diagonally in front of all the other traffic . It 's both terrifying and fascinating to watch . When I ask the concierge at my hotel whether she drives around the arch , she smiles and shrugs her shoulders , "  Sure , you just do it . You just keep going ; otherwise the other cars will just " -- here she 's at a loss for words and mimes what looks like vehicles swerving wildly around her . Her colleague at the front desk then confesses that when her husband goes around the arch , "  I just close my eyes . " They tell me that when there is an accident at the Place de l'Étoile , the insurance companies of both drivers always split the bill 50/50 . It 's just too difficult to ever determine who is at fault . "  But there are no accidents , " one of the women insists . Cheese heaven For a traffic-free experience , I head to Rue Cler , a pedestrian market street not far from the Eiffel Tower where Julia Child used to shop . You can sit down for a meal or assemble a moveable feast at the fruit , produce and specialty food shops that dot the area . The fromagerie itself is worthy of the trip : There are hundreds of varieties of cheeses for sale , their collective aroma wafting out into the street . You could make it your mission to try one cheese each day of the year and still not go through them all . For now , my time is running out . I watch one more time as the Eiffel Tower sparkles like a champagne glass at night , with the hourly evening light show eliciting oohs , aahs and applause from the crowd on the Champ de Mars . Then I give in and buy a souvenir : a "  J'adore Paris " T-shirt . I will wear it often .	This Paris visit focuses on lots of walking , sitting and eating instead of rushing Montmartre has secret vineyard ; Île Saint-Louis is a charmer Watching the crazy traffic around the Arc de Triomphe can serve as excellent entertainment Assemble your own meal at the fruit , produce and specialty food shops on Rue Cler
CNN  -- After 20 years of mega-success together , country duo Brooks & Dunn say they are done . Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn have decided to call it quits as a country singing duo . In a statement on their Web site , the pair said they will tour one last time next year as a goodbye to fans -- and then call it a day . The decision to part was mutual , the duo said . "  If you hear rumors , do n't believe them , it 's just time , " the Web statement said . Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn were successful singer-songwriters in their own right when they joined forces and scored their first hit as a duo with their 1991 debut CD , "  Brand New Man . " Since then , they have released more than a dozen albums , had 20 No. 1 hits and won the Country Music Association 's Vocal Duo of the Year award every year from 1992 until 2006 -- with their streak broken just once in 2000 . The duo will release a compilation , " .1 's ... And Then Some , " on September 8 . "  The Last Rodeo " tour will begin in 2010 , but dates have not been announced .	The pair said they will tour one last time next year as a goodbye to fans Brooks & Dunn have released more than a dozen albums and had 20 No. 1 hits The duo will release a compilation on September 8
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A series of civil lawsuits against defense contractors KBR and its former parent company Halliburton claims the companies endangered the health of U.S. troops and contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan by unsafely burning massive amounts of garbage on U.S. bases . Burn pits produced thick black smoke and toxic fumes , according to plaintiff Richard Guilmette . Six lawsuits were filed Tuesday and three more are scheduled to be filed Wednesday in state courts on behalf of current and former military personnel , private contractors and families of men who allegedly died because of exposure to the fumes from the burning garbage . Attorneys for the plaintiffs also are seeking to file a class-action suit . The lawsuits are the first coordinated effort by plaintiffs to extract damages for the claimed health effects from the burn pits . The military has acknowledged the concerns but said its own test of the most notorious case , the Balad Air Force Base burn pit , found there is no prolonged health risk for those who were exposed for a year or less to the fumes . But the military 's report on the fumes also acknowledged it can not account for all the items burned in the Balad pit . At one point the open pit burned everything from plastics and food to medical waste , with jet fuel used as an accelerant at times . The lawsuits , filed Tuesday in Alabama , Georgia , Illinois , Minnesota , New York and North Carolina , seek damages "  in an amount sufficient to strip defendants of all of the revenue and profits " earned . KBR and Halliburton were paid millions of dollars to oversee the waste management for the military . One plaintiff , Richard Guilmette of Enterprise , Alabama , said he lived in a tent close to a burn pit while deployed by the Army to Kandahar , Afghanistan . Guilmette 's suit describes winds blowing "  the thick black smoke and toxic fumes from the burn pit " into the tent where he lived from March 2004 to March 2005 . The suit claims Guilmette suffered a series of health problems , from severe chest pain and diarrhea , to asthma , sleep apnea and debilitating migraine headaches . A lawsuit filed for Michael Moore of Hinesville , Georgia , claims the plaintiff was exposed to "  toxic fumes " while deployed to the Balad Air Force Base in Iraq in 2005 and 2006 . Moore lived "  less than 50 yards " from the burn pit , according to the suit . His suit claims he developed a chronic cough while there that woke him with coughing and choking . Ultimately he was evacuated and diagnosed with severe sleep apnea and breathing problems . According to the filing , Moore previously "  was in excellent health and physical shape , running six miles every day . " In all there are 70 plaintiffs who will file suits , according to lead attorney Elizabeth Burke . The lawsuits filed Tuesday and Wednesday represent 21 plaintiffs , with an addition 50 or so suits to still be filed , according to Burke . "  They sought profit in lieu of safety , " Burke said of the KBR and Halliburton . KBR had not reviewed the complaints and would not comment to CNN on the specific allegations . "  The general assertion , however , that KBR knowingly harmed soldiers or contractors is unfounded , " KBR said in a statement given to CNN . "  The safety and security of all employees and those the company serves remains KBR 's top priority . " A Halliburton spokeswoman told CNN the company had not been served with the suits and therefore could not comment on any of the allegations directly . However , spokeswoman Cathy Mann said if the allegations are in regard to KBR activities in Iraq and Afghanistan , then Halliburton believes it has been improperly named . "  We would expect Halliburton to be dismissed from the suits as Halliburton would have no responsibility , legal or otherwise , for the actions alleged . Further , it would be inappropriate for Halliburton to comment on the merits of a matter affecting only the interest of KBR , " Mann said in an e-mail to CNN .	6 lawsuits filed Tuesday ; 3 more are scheduled to be filed Wednesday Suits filed on behalf of veterans , contractors , their families Suits blame health problems , deaths on emissions from burn pits No long-term danger from smoke from Balad Air Force Base pit , military said in 2008
CNN  -- South America will support the joint Spain-Portugal bid to host the 2018 World Cup at next week 's vote , a top official at its football confederation revealed on Thursday . CONMEBOL will have three of 22 votes when world ruling body FIFA 's executive committee meets on Friday to elect which countries will stage the 2018 and 2022 tournaments . "  The 10 countries are agreed to give the vote to Spain , " its general secretary Eduardo Deluca told reporters after a meeting in Asuncion , Paraguay . England 's bid representative David Dein had visited Brazil and Paraguay earlier in the week meeting CONMEBOL president Nicolas Leoz as he sought South American support . The Paraguayan is one of the confederation 's three executive members along with Argentina 's Julio Grondona and Ricardo Terra Teixeira of Brazil . Deluca 's announcement follows claims by the head of the Spain-Portugal camp , Miguel Angel Lopez , that it had already secured eight votes . Lopez told the Bloomberg news agency on Monday that Spain 's Angel Maria Villar Lona would also vote for the joint bid along with five other executive committee members . The head of the Asian Football Confederation , who is from 2022 candidate Qatar , also said he would be supporting Spain-Portugal . "  Asia supports the Iberian bid . There 's an excellent relationship between Asian football and Spanish football , we have done a lot of projects together , but that does n't mean there has been a pact between us , " Mohamed Bin Hammam told Spanish newspaper Marca . "  It is something that happens between a lot of bids and it 's not at all illegal . Qatar is going to support Spain and Portugal and they will support us , but we 're not breaking any rules . " FIFA ruled that there had been no illegal collusion between rival bid camps earlier this month when it suspended two executive committee members for offering to sell their votes to undercover newspaper reporters . Nigeria 's Amos Adamu and Oceania president Reynald Temarii will both be excluded from the December 2 vote , reducing the number from 24 . The Oceania federation is meeting this weekend to see if it can find a way to get its vote reinstated , Australia 's Sydney Morning Herald reported on Thursday . Meanwhile , a Bloomberg report has cast doubt on the Iberian bid 's ability to finance the renovation of stadiums given Spain and Portugal 's economic problems . "  If building these stadiums means taking on more debt , I fear that they wo n't happen , " the chief economist at Spanish savings bank foundation Funcas said . Angel Laborda said both countries would be tightening their budgets , meaning local councils would struggle to find funds for stadium work . Spain-Portugal is bidding along with England , Russia and Belgium-Netherlands for 2018 , while Qatar , Australia , Japan , South Korea and the United States are vying for the rights to host in 2022 .	Spain-Portugal bid can expect to win three votes from South America next week CONMEBOL official says confederation will back the Iberian bid for 2018 World Cup Spain-Portugal camp claimed earlier this week that it had secured eight of the 22 votes Qatar , which is bidding for 2022 rights , has also pledged support to Iberian bid
CNN  -- Nicki Minaj is n't feeling welcomed at her old high school -- or at least that 's what she 's saying on Twitter . In a series of tweets posted on Thursday , the rapper implied that her former stomping grounds , New York 's Fiorello H. LaGuardia High , turned down her request to speak to the school 's students . "  I wanted to go back to my HS and speak to the students , but the new principal declined , " Minaj said . "  No need for me to inspire them , I guess . ... That school changed my life and I wanted to pay it forward to the students there now . I was really looking forward to it . " The "  Anaconda " rapper 's tweets suggest the school did n't give a reason for declining her appearance .  When asked directly whether she received an explanation , Minaj tweeted , "  not really . " LaGuardia High deferred all comment to the New York Department of Education , who explained that former graduates could return to the school unless it would interrupt the students ' learning . "  Of course alumni are welcome back to our campuses and we love to celebrate their success , providing it does not interrupt the educational process , " an official for the DOE said in a statement . "  Alumni visit all the time and address students . However , we do not allow reality TV to be filmed on school property . For documentaries , any visit to a public school must be educational in nature and can not intrude on instruction . " It is n't yet clear if Minaj 's appearance would have included reality TV cameras . Minaj 's reps have not responded to a request for comment . Minaj was n't the only one disappointed by the school 's response . The colorful rapper retweeted replies from disgruntled fans who took issue with the star 's lack of access . "  I 'm still in disbelief that the principal declined her visitation to motivate , " said a fan . "  Does she not know how much Nicki impacts this generation ? "	Nicki Minaj tweeted that her high school declined a speaking engagement The rapper said she wanted to return to her alma mater to motivate students The Department of Education said alumni are welcome unless it interrupts learning
Real Simple  -- If your dark under-eye circles are n't quite as adorable as a panda 's , you do n't have to grin and bear it . Try these  en  lightening strategies to minimize them . Your plan of attack depends on the color of your circles . Look straight into a mirror in natural light , then lower your chin slightly to expose the shadows under your eyes . This way , you 'll see clearly whether your circles are more blue or more brown . Blue circles The cause : Blue circles result from oxygenated blood pooled beneath the under-eye skin . Skin here is very thin and almost transparent , so blood shows through . This is more noticeable in the morning : When we 've been horizontal for a while , fluids accumulate and the veins expand to hold more blood . Real Simple : Long-lasting beauty solutions Blue circles may get worse with age . "  As we get older , we lose subcutaneous fat , which can mask blueness below the surface of the skin , " says dermatologist Joshua Zeichner , the director of cosmetic and clinical research at Mount Sinai Medical Center , in New York City . OTC treatments : There are a few options that work in different ways , though their effects last only a day at most . Topical creams with stimulating ingredients , like caffeine , can constrict blood vessels and temporarily boost circulation ; potent hydrators , such as hyaluronic acid , plump the area , pushing the skin up and away from the pooled blood . Real Simple : Expert tips on hair coloring Retinoic acid creams thicken the outer layer of the skin to conceal shadows . Another quick fix : products with stainless-steel rollerball-tip applicators . "  The cool metal causes vessels to constrict , " says New York City dermatologist Eric Schweiger . Real Simple : Simplify your beauty routine Professional treatments : A few other treatments approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for use on the rest of the face can effectively treat under-eye circles . One noninvasive solution is a cream with a prescription-strength retinoid . Blue circles can also be significantly diminished by a treatment called Thermage , which involves a high-tech handheld radio-frequency device . It is nonsurgical , requires no downtime , and is thought to increase the production of collagen , which builds up and tightens the skin . One session costs about $ 1,000 , and the results last three to five years . Zeichner treats dark circles by injecting a hyaluronic acid filler , such as JuvÃ © derm or Restylane , to plump the skin and hide blueness ; the injections can last a year or longer and cost $ 700 to $ 900 a pop . Real Simple : 7 skin and beauty problems , solved Brown circles The cause : Brown circles result from hyperpigmentation , triggered by chronic eye-rubbing , sun exposure , or genetics . They are most prevalent among Asian and African American skin tones . Real Simple : How to apply makeup well OTC treatments : Your best bet is daily use of a cream or serum spiked with a skin brightener , like soy or citrus , which can lighten circles over a period of four to six weeks . Avoid hydroquinone , a go-to lightener for sun spots and scars , as most dermatologists agree that it 's too heavy-duty for the eye area . Professional treatments : As with blue circles , there are treatments dermatologists use elsewhere on the face that can also lessen the look of brown circles . They respond well to low-concentration TCA  trichloroacetic acid  peels , which exfoliate . Real Simple : How to do a natural no makeup look Plan on spending about $ 100 a treatment , and you may need several over a couple of months . For enhanced results , there are lasers , like the Q-switched or Fraxel , which destroy pigment cells and even out skin tone with a beam of light energy . Most circles lighten after two or three $ 500 sessions . Real Simple : 6 sexy short hairstyles Preventive measures Reason No. 734 to wear sunscreen : It will keep circles from returning after treatment and can also stop them from developing in the first place . Sun protection prevents skin from both thinning prematurely  exposing blueness  and tanning  getting browner  . Real Simple : 10 ways to score big savings at the salon Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Bluish circles under your eyes can be due to oxygenated blood under the skin Brown under-eye circles may be caused by hyperpigmentation Sunscreen could be the key to banishing a panda-like visage
Atlanta  CNN  -- Former NBA guard Javaris Crittenton waived his first appearance before a judge Friday as he faces murder charges in the death of an Atlanta mother . He had arrived in Atlanta the previous night , extradited from California , where he was arrested . Only his attorney appeared before Magistrate Judge Maureen Malone on Friday . The 23-year-old former basketball player 's next court date is September 30 , Fulton County Sheriff 's Office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan said . He will remain in Fulton County Jail in the meantime . Crittenton is charged with homicide murder , felony murder and intent to commit aggravated murder , Flanagan said . He was arrested in late August at John Wayne Airport in Orange County , California , on a fugitive warrant . Atlanta investigators say Julian Jones , 22 , was killed in a drive-by shooting August 19 . The mother of four may not have been the target of the shooting , Atlanta police told CNN affiliate WSB . Police believe Crittenton may have been targeting a man who stole jewelry from him . Jones was walking with two men when she was shot , the affiliate reported . Police believe one of the men with her was the target , the affiliate reported . Crittenton , who played for Georgia Tech before going professional , was drafted by the Los Angeles Lakers in 2007 and then traded to the Memphis Grizzlies . He was picked up by the Washington Wizards in December 2008 , but he was suspended and later released by the NBA in 2010 after a gun-related incident involving teammate Gilbert Arenas .	Javaris Crittenton waives first appearance before a judge He is charged with murder in the death of a mother of four in Atlanta He starrred at Georgia Tech and was drafted by the L.A. Lakers
Kiev , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ukraine and Russia plan to approve a road map to improved trade relations on Tuesday , Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov said Sunday in a late-night interview on Ukraine 's national broadcaster , Inter TV . The announcement comes just hours after a European Union officer said the EU had halted work on a trade agreement with Ukraine , after Kiev failed to show "  clear commitment " to signing the deal . Stefan Fule , European commissioner for enlargement and European neighborhood policy , said earlier Sunday on Twitter that the words and deeds of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych and his government on the proposed pact were "  further & further apart . Their arguments have no grounds in reality . " Fule said he had told Ukrainian Deputy Prime Minister Serhiy Arbuzov in Brussels , Belgium , last week that further discussion on the agreement was conditional on a clear commitment by Kiev to sign the deal , but he had received no response . "  Work on hold , had no answer , " he tweeted . Last month , Kiev spurned the agreement in favor of closer economic ties with Moscow , and the prime minister 's Sunday night interview revealed new details about that relationship . Azarov said that in addition to the trade relations deal , he hoped an agreement could be reached Tuesday on gas commerce , which would hopefully provide a solution for Ukraine 's unprofitable gas transportation system . "  We hope to renew negotiations about the three-party consortium , which would include Europe as well , to provide transparent conditions for gas transit and gas transportation system management , " Azarov said . However , Azarov rejected claims that Ukraine is leaning toward joining Russia and other former Soviet republics in the Customs Union . "  These are speculations . None of the papers we have prepared are in any way related to the Customs Union , " he said . Ukraine 's recent diplomatic activity has sparked mass protests . Thousands of people have poured onto the streets of the capital , angered by the government 's U-turn away from integration with Europe . Setting up tents and barricades , they have stood their ground in Kiev 's Independence Square , known as the Maidan , paralyzing the center of the capital . On Sunday the protesters were addressed by U.S. Sen. John McCain , who has been critical of Ukrainian authorities ' use of force against demonstrators . "  People of Ukraine , this is your moment . This is about you , no one else . This is about the future you want for your country . This is about the future you deserve , " he said to loud cheers and chants of "  Thank you . " "  A future in Europe , a future of peace , with all of your neighbors . The free world is with you , America is with you , I am with you . " The senator visited Independence Square on Saturday , where he snapped pictures with his cell phone as he met with opposition leaders . He was accompanied on stage Sunday by Sen. Christopher Murphy , D-Connecticut . "  Ukraine will make Europe better and Europe will make Ukraine better , " McCain said . A pro-government rally was also being held Sunday . The anti-government demonstrations are the biggest since the Orange Revolution overturned the results of the eastern European country 's 2004 presidential election . East vs. West The EU had kept its offer on the table , and the bloc 's top diplomat , Catherine Ashton , on Thursday said Yanukovych had assured her Kiev intended to sign the deal after she met with him . A day earlier , Prime Minister Mykola Azarov told a government meeting Ukraine was still open to signing the European integration deal , if the European Union would agree to provide financial assistance to Ukraine of around 20 billion euros  $ 27.5 billion  . On Sunday however , an EU diplomat told CNN there was "  lack of clear commitment and timetable . " "  We have had no reply  on timetable  from the Ukrainian authorities and so there is no basis to continue work , " the diplomat added . Ukraine is split between pro-European regions in the west of the country and a more Russia-oriented east . Protesters say an EU agreement would open borders to trade and set the stage for modernization and inclusion . They accuse Yanukovych of preparing to take the country into a Moscow-led customs union . Moscow has leverage that may have affected Yanukovych 's decision last month to backpedal on the EU talks because Russia supplies Ukraine with natural gas . The EU is also pressuring Yanukovych to free his chief political opponent , Yulia Tymoshenko , who has languished in jail for two years after being convicted of abuse of power in 2011 . The EU and other critics decried the verdict as a sham . The Orange Revolution that swept Yanukovych from office in 2004 also brought the pro-Western Tymoshenko to power . At the rallies in Independence Square , protesters have carried her picture . Investigation Kiev 's handling of the protests has been met with stern responses from Western governments . In an overnight crackdown last week , police tore down barricades the protesters had set up . Before that , violence had broken out at a previous demonstration . Ukrainian prosecutors are investigating some top government officials over the beating of students at anti-government protests two weeks ago . The subjects of the criminal investigation include Ukrainian Deputy Secretary for National Security Vladimir Sivkovich , Kiev Police Chief Valery Koryak and Kiev Mayor Oleksandr Popov . A fourth person also is under investigation . The case will be put before a judge on Monday , who could order house arrest for those being investigated , said Valery Vilkova , spokeswoman for the general prosecutor . READ : Ukraine protests : 5 things you need to know CNN 's Mark Morgenstein contributed to this report	NEW : Ukraine 's PM says road map to improved Russia-Ukraine trade relations to be signed EU official says Kiev has failed to show "  clear commitment " "  Work on hold , " EU Commissioner Fule tweets "  America is with you , I am with you , " Sen. McCain tells demonstrators in Kiev
CNN  -- The opening ceremony of the 1998 Africa Cup of Nations was unforgettable -- not so much for the color and performers that enlivened Burkina Faso 's national stadium , more for the unexpected events that unfolded in front of the watching FIFA president . With Burkina Faso 's team side nicknamed the Stallions , Sepp Blatter watched a rag of horses dance across a naked pitch as an unfortunate local traipsed behind them , using his hands and a cardboard box to clear the dung falling on a surface that would be staging an international match just moments later . The scenario was one that could have endangered any player 's well-being but very little was made of it -- for this was a tournament where things have been , and always will be , a little different . In years gone by , a variety of bizarre incidents have often fed the western media 's desire to pour scorn on an ever improving tournament -- as accusations of witchcraft have overshadowed matches  see Nigeria vs. Senegal in 2000  , players have been sent off for assaulting medical staff and organizers have taken to painting bald turf green to make pitches look better on television . That is not to mention the wild defending , tackling and haircuts that have long decorated Africa 's biggest sporting event in years gone by nor , more seriously , the terrible gun attack on the Togo team bus that killed two delegation members in Angola two years ago . Somewhat unusually though , the 2012 finals will be remembered for all the right reasons -- namely , the fairytale triumph of unfancied Zambia in Gabon , a land where 18 members of the national team had died in a 1993 plane crash . World Cup motivation On Sunday , the line up for the next tournament will be complete once 15 teams successfully negotiate a variety of tense playoffs and join hosts South Africa in the finals . Premier League managers will again warm their larynges prior to their habitual howl about the event taking place in the middle of the European season -- but for once , the timing of the next tournament really is key . For the decision by the Confederation of African Football to move the Nations Cup to an odd-ending year means it will end its reign as the only continental championship to stage its final just four months before the World Cup . Given that the last Nations Cup to take place in an odd year pre-dated the 1966 World Cup , which Africa boycotted in protest at its meagre allocation of half a qualifying berth given they were required to face an Asian country in a playoff , the decision to move the biennial tournament is long overdue . The primary reason was of course to assist Africa 's teams at the World Cup , with a variety of players , coaches and conditioning experts having long opined that it is near impossible for international footballers to peak -- both physically and performance wise -- at two major tournaments so close together . Then there was the issue of how poor Nations Cup displays by World Cup bound sides could lead to the firing of coaches with just weeks to go before football 's greatest showpiece got underway , as has happened repeatedly down the years . However , Africa 's continuing failure to triumph at a World Cup lay at the heart of the decision , with the continent having never reached the semifinals -- gallingly failing to emulate Asia 's breakthrough when hosting in 2002 despite the last finals taking place on African soil . Yes , Cameroon , Senegal and Ghana may have all reached the last eight  in 1990 , 2002 and 2010 respectively  but a more revealing statistic is that no World Cup has ever found more than one African side in the knock-out stages . This is despite the African tally having gone up to two in 1982 , increased to three in 1994 before reaching today 's tally of five in 1998 -- while South Africa 's World Cup staging allowed for a record six African teams in 2010 . The South Africans will once again host in January , when the 29th Nations Cup will kick off just 11 months after the 28th . The restricted time limit - in a year when Africa 's road to the 2014 World Cup also began - has led to a heavily condensed qualifying campaign , with the usual league format replaced by two rounds of knock out playoffs . Full stadiums The draw has meant that one of two big West African sides will not qualify since Didier Drogba 's Ivory Coast , beaten finalists in February , are taking on the Senegal of Papiss Demba Cisse and Demba Ba , with the visitors taking a 4-2 lead to Dakar this weekend . Other absorbing ties include Cameroon 's home clash with Cape Verde , with the four time champions currently trailing the islanders 2-0 and celebrated striker Samuel Eto'o an injury doubt , while Zambia are by no means guaranteed to defend their title at the championship since they take a narrow 1-0 first leg lead to Uganda . After South Africa took over the 2013 finals from war ravaged Libya , the country 's chief Nations Cup organizer declared "  priority number one is full stadiums , full stadiums , full stadiums " , with low attendances having often blighted previous tournaments . Now Cape Town may be awash with international tourists in January , a month when the sun is at its height , and boast a stadium that hosted a World Cup semifinal but the city will have no Nations Cup role to play -- with matches taking place in Durban , Johannesburg , Nelspruit , Port Elizabeth and Rustenburg instead . When the latter venue attracted just 7,500 fans for a South African World Cup qualifier earlier this year , extra ammunition was given to those who argue that the ruling African National Congress government overlooked Cape Town simply because it is run by their bitter political rivals -- the Democratic Alliance . It is not the only area where South Africa falls down , for the country 's captain , Steven Pienaar , quit international football this month to concentrate on his club career with Everton -- a real kick in the teeth for both the tournament and South African fans whose struggling team have failed to qualify for the last two Nations Cups . South Africa won the competition when they last staged it in 1996 but crowds were pitifully low , despite the presence of continental legends like Liberia 's George Weah -- the only African to have ever been crowned World Footballer of the Year -- and Ghanaian greats Abedi Pele and Tony Yeboah . After hosting the World Cup , South African organizers frequently claimed that their football would never be the same again but local fans need to come out in force in three months ' time if substance is to be added to comments which should not seem so fanciful . Yet the real impact of the 2013 Nations Cup will take place long after the event -- as African teams walk out at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , with lighter legs and a theory to prove .	Line up for African football 's showpiece event , the Cup of Nations , to be determined by Sunday Nations Cup has moved from even to odd years in a bid to avoid clashing with World Cup Tournament accounts for roughly 75 % of Confederation of African Football 's revenue Only one of West African giants Ivory Coast and Senegal can qualify
CNN  -- Nearly five months of cramped living in zero gravity will come to an end Thursday for one American astronaut and two Russian cosmonauts aboard the International Space Station . Their Soyuz capsule is set to undock at 8:30 p.m. ET , and land less than three and a half hours later in Kazakhstan . Soyuz modules are vital to the Russian space program . They are launched into space as capsules atop a rocket , and are capable of landing on land , not requiring a body of water to splash down in . A Soyuz carried the first ever crew to the ISS in November 2000 , according to NASA . One is docked there at all times , in case the crew needs to leave in an emergency . It became the standard mode of transportation to the station after the deadly 2003 Columbia space shuttle accident . The modern version , the Soyuz TMA , is made of three parts . Two of them jettison then burn upon reentry into Earth 's atmosphere , according to NASA . Only the Descent Module will land on Earth , carrying Commander Kevin Ford of NASA , Russian Soyuz Commander Oleg Novitskiy and Russian Flight Engineer Evgeny Tarelkin . NASA TV will broadcast the undocking and landing live . The undocking of the Soyuz will mark the beginning of the 35th ISS mission , which awaits the arrival of two more Russian cosmonauts and an American astronaut in two weeks . The journey up to the station takes longer than the return trip to Earth , NASA said . The Soyuz needs a total of two days to catch up with the ISS in its orbit . More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	NASA : The trip back to Earth should take less than three and a half hours One American and two Russians will land just before midnight Russian Soyuz space modules have proven very reliable It is the standard transportation mode to the ISS after a deadly space shuttle crash
CNN  -- Instead of criticizing President Barack Obama 's lack of an effective national security policy as the terrorist threat of ISIS grows in Syria and Iraq , it might be helpful to imagine the speech President Ronald Reagan would have given in response to the videotaped beheading of James Foley . There are many things a great power can do if it has leadership . This fictional speech is an effort to describe a Reagan-like grand strategy , clarity of moral purpose and emphasis on effective actions . This is not a speech President Reagan could have delivered in the 1980s . We set his speech at Naval Air Station Point Mugu , near the Reagan Ranch where he would be vacationing . This was also the site of his address to the nation after the Soviet Union shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 007 in 1983 with a U.S. congressman aboard . President Reagan entered office when the Soviet Union was the great threat . He saw Moscow as the center of evil in the world . He was determined to defeat and not merely contain the Soviet Union . Through moral persuasion , a powerful military buildup , a grand anti-communist coalition , and an intense focus on a series of economic , diplomatic and psychological strategies , Reagan defeated the Soviet empire and it disappeared . This was one of the most extraordinary grand strategic achievements in history . It took enormous discipline and focus . In that era , terrorism was always a secondary or even tertiary issue . President Reagan sought to contain and minimize terrorism with minimum diversion of attention , energy and resources from the great campaign to defeat the Soviet empire . So , this speech is designed to illustrate an alternate U.S. approach and strategy toward this threat if Reagan were president in today 's very different world . ------ Text of Reagan address My fellow Americans : We have all been saddened and outraged by the vicious videotape of ISIS terrorists beheading an American journalist . Our hearts go out to James Foley 's family . However , anger and sympathy are not solutions . We , the American people , must come together in a righteous determination to defend freedom and civilization from barbarism , savagery and terrorism . We must calmly , methodically and with the same grim determination we brought to winning World War II , implement strategies that eliminate the growing worldwide threat of radical Islamists prepared to kill us as individuals and our values as a civilization . Some will suggest this exaggerates the threat from the Islamic State . Let me remind them of some hard facts . There are now an estimated 12,000 terrorists from over 50 countries in the ISIS-controlled parts of Iraq and Syria . Great Britain estimates more than 500 British citizens have joined ISIS . Our government estimates roughly 100 Americans are now engaged in enemy activities . When we remember the death and destruction 19 terrorists achieved on 9/11 , we have to take very seriously the threat from more than 12,000 terrorists . The chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Gen. Martin Dempsey , has warned that ISIS "  has an apocalyptic end of days strategic vision that will eventually have to be defeated . " He has expanded on the danger , saying their vision of a fundamentalist caliphate could "  fundamentally alter the face of the Middle East and create a security environment that would certainly threaten us in many ways . " Furthermore , Gen. Dempsey has warned that ISIS can not be defeated only in Iraq . He asserted , "  Can they be defeated without addressing that part of the organization that resides in Syria ? The answer is no . " In fact the very existence of terrorists from over 50 countries means that we must be thinking in terms of a global campaign to eradicate the virus of Islamic Extremism and the spirit of terrorism and barbarism that it is fostering . This is fully as grave a threat to our survival as was Nazism or communism . With appropriate strategies and consistent policies executed energetically we can defeat and eliminate the Islamic State and its various allied factions . ISIS and its worldwide terrorist allies have become the focus of evil in the modern world . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel warned that we must take the Islamic State seriously when he said , "  They are tremendously well funded . This is beyond anything we have seen . ... They marry ideology and a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess . " They must be defeated . Yet defeating terrorists and blackmailers is nothing new in American history . In the very first years of the new American Republic , then-Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson sent Thomas Barclay , American consul to Morocco , on May 13 , 1791 , a letter of instructions for a new treaty with Morocco that noted it is "  lastly our determination to prefer war in all cases to tribute under any form , and to any people whatever . " Jefferson hated war and loved peace . He also understood that there were times when vicious opponents give peace-loving people no choice but to engage in just war . As president , he sent the Navy and the Marine Corps in 1801 to the shores of Tripoli to reject blackmail , defeat piracy and establish that even a young America could project power in defense of principle and its citizens . We were saddened but not surprised by the vicious , barbaric video of the killing of James Foley . Back in January we noted that ISIS leader , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , gave a speech in which he warned America , "  Soon we 'll be in direct confrontation , so watch out for us , for we are with you , watching . " They have promised to raise their black flag over the White House . Because I take very seriously the security of the United States and believe that my highest obligation as president is to protect America , I responded to this direct challenge with a series of quiet steps . We moved intelligence assets and began monitoring potential ISIS targets throughout Iraq and Syria . We began re-establishing ties with both the Sunni tribes in Western Iraq and the Kurdish allies with whom America has worked for decades . We created an anti-ISIS intelligence network working with Egypt , Jordan and Saudi Arabia . We informed the weak , chaotic government in Baghdad that defeating ISIS is our highest priority and we will arm , train and coordinate with them and with any effective group prepared to help defeat ISIS . We moved strategic assets including B-1 and B-2 bombers into position to be prepared to respond decisively to any ISIS outrage . In response to the deliberately vicious and barbaric killing of James Foley , we began hitting ISIS targets in both Syria and Iraq . In the last hour over 200 targets have been hit . The air campaign in coordination with Kurdish , Sunni Arab and Iraqi ground forces will continue until ISIS disintegrates and is incapable of holding territory . The 12,000 terrorists from over 50 countries should understand that they can surrender or we will hunt them down . Terrorists who videotape beheadings operate outside the rule of law and in the tradition of eliminating piracy they will be dealt with as outlaws . We will coordinate with Great Britain , Egypt , Jordan and every willing partner to develop a strategy and a set of operating principles for the destruction of extremist terrorism . When Congress returns , I will work directly with its leaders in a bipartisan effort to establish rules for protecting America and defeating this growing cancer of barbarism . With the bipartisan help of Congress and our allies , we will pursue our campaign to destroy ISIS with the four principles I outlined immediately after Beirut . We will have a clear plan to win . We will develop overwhelming forces among the combined civilized world . We will report to you regularly and work every day to keep the support of the American people for the campaign to destroy terrorism . We will define clearly who the enemy is and they will have no sanctuaries . In confronting an evil that seeks to kill us and destroy our civilization , our goal must be complete and decisive victory . The Foley family needs your prayers in this difficult time . America and the forces of freedom need your prayers in this daunting campaign . Together , civilization will prevail and barbarism will return to the dustbin of history . Thank you and good night . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich wonders how Ronald Reagan would have led during the current ISIS threat He says today we need a Reagan-like grand strategy and clarity of moral purpose Reagan may have approached ISIS as he did the threat and defeat of the Soviet Union
Their sons -- Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Tamir Rice and Eric Garner -- have become symbols of a raging national conversation about police brutality and racial injustice . The mothers of these four unarmed black men and boys felled by bullets or excessive police force have no doubt their sons would still be alive if they were white . No question , they say . "  I think absolutely my son 's race and the color of his skin had a lot to do with why he was shot and killed , " Sybrina Fulton , Martin 's mother , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday . "  In all of these cases , these victims were unarmed . These victims were African-American . That needs to be our conversation . " In their first interview together , Fulton was joined by Brown 's mother , Lesley McSpadden ; Tamir 's mother , Samaria Rice ; and Garner 's mother , Gwen Carr . They spoke of reliving the horrific final moments of their son 's lives with each controversial death , of gaining strength from protesters and other supporters , of the importance of coming together to effect change . "  It seems our kids are getting younger and younger , " Fulton said . "  They 're killing them younger and younger . There is no regard anymore for human life . There has to be somewhere where we draw the line and say , ` Listen , our kids want to grow up , too . ' " Carr said she had confidence in a federal investigation into whether her son 's civil rights were violated . A Staten Island grand jury last week refused to indict a white police officer in the death of her son , was put in a fatal chokehold by the officer as he tried to arrest Garner for illegally selling cigarettes . "  If Eric Garner was a white man in Suffolk County doing the same thing that he was doing -- even if he would have been caught selling cigarettes that day -- they would have given him a summons and he would n't have lost his life that day , " she said . "  I believe that 100 percent . " Fulton 's son was shot and killed in Florida in February 2012 by George Zimmerman , a volunteer neighborhood watch captain . The case quickly drew national attention as weeks went by without formal charges . "  We have to change mindsets , " Fulton said . "  We have to let people know that our children matter . Our sons and our daughters matter . We are hurting . This country is hurting . " Demonstrations followed Zimmerman 's acquittal even though some people around the country supported Zimmerman 's actions . "  It 's not happening to them , so they do n't quite get it , " she said . "  They do n't quite understand . They think that it 's a small group of African-Americans that 's complaining . ... The people say that all the time : ` What are they complaining about now ? What are they protesting about now ? ' " To those people , Fulton said : "  Until it happens to them and in their family then they 'll understand the walk . They do n't understand what we 're going through . They do n't understand the life and they do n't understand what we 're fighting against . I do n't even think the government quite gets it . " President Barack Obama publicly addressed the Martin case , as he did last summer 's shooting of Brown -- an unarmed teenager shot to death by white police Officer Darren Wilson . A St. Louis County grand jury declined to bring charges against the officer , leading to days of unrest in Ferguson , Missouri . "  I was  sure  they would indict the officer that shot my son without a video tape , " McSpadden said . "  You had so many witnesses . " The death of Rice , a 12-year-old boy shot last month by a Cleveland officer after police allegedly mistook the child 's air gun for a real firearm , has also drawn national attention . The Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner 's Office said Friday it has ruled the death a homicide . Samaria Rice , his mother , said she found out about the shooting after two boys knocked on her door . "  The police shot your son in the stomach , " she recalled one of the boys saying . One of her daughters was handcuffed and thrown into the back of a police car when she protested the shooting , said Samaria Rice . She described going out to the street and seeing her son on the ground and "  nobody ... doing anything " to help him . One of the Tamir 's sisters screamed , "  They killed my baby brother ! " Attorney Benjamin Crump , who has represented some of the mothers , said police cared more about preserving the crime scene than trying to save Tamir 's life . Fulton said each new tragedy brings people together . "  I think this is shedding light to what 's going on , " Fulton said of the protest movement that has risen out of the tragedies . "  This is not something new . It 's been happening . ... But it 's just been bringing light to what 's happening . It 's bringing it to the forefront which is why there 's so much conversations . ... Because people are now realizing ... it 's not just about African-American rights ... it 's about human rights . " Carr asked , "  What are they doing to our children today ? " Fulton said she has a son graduating from college next week . "  I want him to enjoy life and fulfill his life and goals , but at the same time I 'm afraid for him , " she said .	The mothers of Trayvon Martin , Michael Brown , Tamir Rice and Eric Garner meet Martin 's mother : All four victims were unarmed and African-American If Garner were white , he would be alive today , his mother says
CNN  -- An international court cleared the way Tuesday to try a former politician and militia leader for crimes against humanity and war crimes including murder , rape and pillaging . The International Criminal Court  ICC  in The Hague , Netherlands , knocked down an appeal by Jean-Pierre Bemba Gombo , ruling that the court may admit his case to trial . Bemba 's defense challenged his case 's admissibility on the grounds that the Central African Republic  CAR  -- the country the alleged crimes occurred in -- investigated the case and made a "  decision not to prosecute . " The ICC decided that the CAR 's action does not prohibit the case from being tried , according to a news release issued by the court Tuesday . Bemba , a former vice president in the Democratic Republic of Congo , is accused of leading his militia in attacks on civilians in the CAR for almost five months , according to the International Federation for Human Rights  IFHR  . Under his leadership his Movement for the Liberation of Congo  MLC  allegedly murdered , raped and pillaged in the neighboring country "  during the period approximately between 26 October 2002 and 15 March , 2003 " , according to the ICC .	Court rejects appeal by Bemba He is accused of leading his militia in attacks on civilians in the CAR for almost five months
CNN  -- Despite the escalating violence in Syria that led to the suspension of monitoring activities , the United Nations can continue to play a crucial role in the embattled country , Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says in a report to be presented to the Security Council . An advance copy of the report , which is circulating among Security Council members , was obtained by CNN ahead of a Wednesday briefing on Syria to the council by Joint Special Envoy Kofi Annan . The document outlines the efforts to implement a six-point plan that would impose a cease-fire and take measures to protect human rights , and admits that it has not worked . In some places , the levels of violence are even higher today than they were before an initial cease-fire attempt , the report says . Military : Shelling from Syria hits Lebanon The 300-strong U.N. team in Syria , whose mission is to observe and help implement the plan , has been unable to do its work as envisioned because of present conditions , the document states . Last month , the United Nations announced that it was pulling back its unarmed monitors because of escalating violence . Opposition groups slammed the international body for the suspension of its work . The U.N. mission 's role in Syria was based on the premise that there would be a cessation to the violence , and failing that , "  a calibration of effort in response to the situation on the ground would be appropriate , " Ban writes . Basically , the three options Ban puts on the table are : withdrawing the U.N. team , increasing its size or adding armed protection for them ; or retooling the mission of the current team . Ban elaborates the most on the idea to shift the strategy of the current U.N. team . The team could retain its military observer capability and continue its fact-finding work , but with a limited scope in light of the violence in Syria , the report says . In this scenario , the U.N. mission would move its personnel from the field back to Damascus , where it would focus on pushing forward the six-point plan to the Syrian government and the opposition . "  From a central hub in Damascus , the civilian component would continue liaison and dialogue with opposition and Government representatives in the provinces as security conditions allow , " Ban writes . The other options -- withdrawal or augmentation of the force -- could have more negative consequences than good , the report concludes . Photos : In Syrian hospital , no escape from war Withdrawing from Syria would ensure the safety of the team , but it could signal a loss of confidence in the hopes of a cease-fire and leave the U.N. without a way to monitor progress , the report says . "  Withdrawing  would likely precipitate a further blow to efforts to stabilize the situation on the ground , and render the prospect of a negotiated Syrian-led transition , as laid out by the Action Group , more difficult , " Ban writes . Expanding the size of the mission , with or without armed protection , poses an "  unacceptably high " security risk , given that there are no signs of the violence receding immediately , the report says . These options must be considered , Ban writes , because "  in spite of the best efforts of  the mission  to support the parties in the effort to de-escalate the crisis , there is not a cessation of violence , and the basic human rights whose protection is at the core of the  six-point  plan continue to be violated , " the report says . According to the opposition Local Coordination Committees in Syria , 71 people , including 10 defectors , were killed across the country . In fighting in Aleppo Province since Friday , four Syrian troops and one opposition fighter were killed , another group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . Heavy fighting was reported in Idlib , where the town of Al-Tamani ' a was shelled by forces who tried to raid it , the group said . Shelling was reported in several suburbs of Damascus . The state-run SANA news agency reported at least four different incidents where "  terrorist " attacks were foiled by security forces throughout the country . According to the agency , more than 11 fighters it identified as "  terrorists " were killed by security forces , and at least 10 vehicles , some with weapons inside , were destroyed . CNN can not independently verify government and opposition claims of casualties because access to Syria by international journalists has been severely curtailed . Analysis : Syria options dwindling	Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon prepared a report for the Security Council It outlines possible options for the U.N. mission there Ban elaborates on an idea to keep observers , but shift their work Activists say 71 killed
CNN  -- English club Liverpool qualified for the knockout stages of Europe 's second-tier Europa League on Thursday along with Paris St. Germain , Besiktas and Dynamo Kiev . Liverpool continued their minor revival since the arrival of new American owners , but allowed second-placed Steaua Bucharest to come from behind and earn a 1-1 draw . Serbia international Milan Jovanovic headed in a 19th-minute cross from Dutch winger Ryan Babel , but Spanish goalkeeper Jose Reina allowed the home side to level with half an hour to play as he failed to keep out a header by Eder Bonfim . That kept Roy Hodgson 's team three points clear ahead of the final Group K match at home to Utrecht on December 15 . The Dutch club are five points behind their upcoming opponents following a 3-3 draw at home to Napoli -- who have also drawn four of their five matches . Balotelli double helps Manchester City qualify Edinson Cavani scored a hat-trick to help the Italian club come from 3-1 down and end their hosts ' hopes of progressing , while the Serie A outfit can through to the last 32 by winning at home to the Romanians next month . Paris St. Germain qualified with a 4-2 victory over Sevilla that lifted the French side two points clear of the second-placed Spaniards in Group J. Mathieu Bodmer and Guillaume Hoarau scored from two early corners by Nene before the Brazilian midfielder made it 3-0 , then Mali striker Fredi Kanoute netted a double for the visitors . Hoarau 's second goal just after halftime left Sevilla needing a point from their final game at home to Borussia Dortmund to progress . The Germans kept their hopes alive with a 3-0 win at home to pointless Ukrainian side Karpaty Lviv . In Group L , Turkish side Besiktas went through with a 2-1 win at Bulgaria 's CSKA Sofia . Portugal 's Porto , who had already qualified , ensured top spot with a 3-1 win at Rapid Vienna , as Colombian striker Falcao scored a hat-trick to move top of the goal charts with seven . Russian club CSKA confirmed top spot in Group F , winning 5-1 at home to bottom Swiss club Lausanne for a fifth straight win . Czech side Sparta Prague will go through in second after drawing 2-2 at Palermo , with the Italian side having two players sent off . In Group D , Spanish side Villarreal moved into top spot with a 3-0 win at home to Dinamo Zagreb , with Italian striker Giuseppe Rossi scoring twice including a first-half opener from the penalty spot . The Croatians had Igor Biscan sent off in the 87th minute for handball , but Marcos Senna missed the subsequent spot-kick . Previous leaders PAOK Salonika are a point behind Villarreal , and two above next month 's opponents Zagreb , following a 1-1 draw with Club Bruges . The Greeks led through Adelino Vieirinha 's 25th-minute effort , but gave the bottom-placed Belgians a point through Stefan Scepovic 's late equalizer . In Group E , Ukraine 's Dynamo Kiev booked a last-32 berth with a 4-1 win at previously unbeaten BATE Borisov of Belarus , leaving both teams on 10 points . Dutch side AZ Alkmaar and FC Sheriff were eliminated after a 1-1 draw in Moldova left both teams with four points .	Liverpool reach last 32 of Europa League with a game to spare after draw in Romania Paris St. Germain qualify from Group J with a 4-2 victory over Spain 's Sevilla Turkish side Besiktas go through from Group L with a 2-1 win at CSKA Sofia In Group E , Dynamo Kiev booked berth with 4-1 win at previous leaders BATE Borisov
CNN  -- An 11-year-old California girl snatched from the street in front of her house in 1991 had two children with the man accused of taking her and was forced along with the children to live in backyard sheds , police said Thursday . Jaycee Lee Dugard as she looked in 1991 and an age-progression image of what she might look like as an adult . "  From what they have both said , he fathered both of those children with Jaycee -LSB- Dugard -RSB- , " El Dorado County Undersheriff Fred Kollar told reporters . The girls , now 11 and 15 , had been living with their mother , now 29 , in a series of sheds behind Phillip Garrido 's house in Antioch , California , until they were discovered on Wednesday , Kollar said . "  None of the children had ever gone to school , they had never been to a doctor , they were kept in complete isolation in this compound , if you will , at the rear of the house , " he said . "  They were born there . " In a rambling telephone interview from jail , Garrido told CNN affiliate KCRA of Sacramento he was relieved at being caught . "  I feel much better now , " he said . "  This is a process that needed to take place . " Kollar said Garrido 's wife , Nancy , was with her husband when Dugard was abducted from the street in front of her house in South Lake Tahoe . Garrido was already a registered sex offender at the time . Watch police talk about why they arrested Garrido " "  There was nothing then nor is there anything now to indicate that this was anything other than a stranger abduction of an 11-year-old , " Kollar said . The investigation went years without apparent progress until Tuesday , when Garrido showed up on the campus of the University of California at Berkeley with his two daughters and attempted to get permission to hand out literature and speak , Kollar said . He did not know the subject of either the literature or the planned talk . Police officers "  thought the interaction between the older male and the two young females was rather suspicious , " so she confronted them and performed a background check on him , Kollar said . That check revealed that Garrido was on federal parole for a 1971 conviction for rape and kidnapping , for which he had served time in the federal penitentiary at Leavenworth , Kansas . A school spokesman identified the officers as Allison Jacobs and Lisa Campbell , and said the two became suspicious of "  subtle behavior " Garrido exhibited . They passed on the information to Garrido 's parole officer , who requested that the 58-year-old man appear Wednesday at the parole office . Garrido did just that , accompanied by his wife , Nancy , "  and a female named Allissa , " Kollar said . The presence of "  Allissa " and the two children surprised the parole officer , who had never seen them during visits to Garrido 's house , Kollar said . "  Ultimately , Allissa was identified as Dugard , " Kollar said . DNA confirmation is being sought to confirm her identity , but Dugard revealed information during an interview that only she could have known , Kollar said . "  The two minor children turned out to be children of Jaycee and the male suspect , Garrido , " he said . Scott Kernan , undersecretary of the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , told reporters that Garrido admitted to having abducted Dugard . El Dorado County Sheriff 's Office online records showed that Phillip and Nancy Garrido were in the county jail , held on suspicion of offenses including conspiracy to commit a crime and kidnapping with the intent to commit robbery and rape . Dugard had been living behind Garrido 's home since she was kidnapped , Kollar said . But her presence there apparently went unnoticed by others in the residential neighborhood , where homes on one-fourth to one-half-acre lots typically sell for less than $ 200,000 , said Kathy Russo , whose father has lived two houses away from the Garridos for 33 years . "  My dad said he never saw a young woman , " said Russo , who added that her father , 94-year-old Dante Confetti , considered Garrido to be a "  kind of strange , reclusive , kind of an angry kind of guy . " She said the one-story house 's backyard was obscured by trees and ringed by a wooden fence . Her family 's last contact with Garrido was last fall , she said . "  He was burning something in the backyard and my home health aide called the fire department , " Russo said . "  He was really pissed off , " she said . "  Came over to the house and started yelling . " Garrido told KCRA that he left documents three days ago with the FBI in San Francisco , California , that would shed light on the case . "  They 're going to be a part of the trial , " he said . A call from CNN to the FBI 's San Francisco bureau was not immediately returned . Garrido said he could not go into detail about why he chose to abduct Dugard . "  I have n't talked to a lawyer yet , so I ca n't do that , " he said . But Garrido said he had "  completely turned my life around " in the past several years . "  You 're going to find the most powerful story coming from the witness , from the victim , " he said . "  If you take this a step at a time , you 're going to fall over backward and in the end you 're going to find the most powerful , heartwarming story . " He added , "  Wait 'til you hear the story of what took place at this house . You 're going to be absolutely impressed . It 's a disgusting thing that took place with me in the beginning , but I turned my life completely around . " Describing the two daughters , he said , "  Those two girls slept in my arms every single night from birth ; I never kissed them . " But in a later comment , he said that , from the time the youngest was born , "  everything turned around . " Asked about the fact that they had not seen doctors , he said , "  We just did n't have the finances and so forth . " Kollar said a search of Garrido 's property "  revealed a hidden backyard within a backyard , " he said . It included several sheds no higher than 6 feet tall , two tents and several outbuildings "  where Jaycee and the girls spent most of their lives . " The "  secondary " backyard was inside the first and was "  screened from view . " One of the sheds was soundproof , he said . "  The way the backyard is set up you could walk through the backyard , walk through the house and never know that there was another set of living circumstances in that backyard . " At the end of the backyard is a 6-foot fence lined with shrubs , tall trees , garbage bags and a tarp , all of which obscured views of what was there , he said . Extension cords provided electricity to the sheds and tents , and an outhouse and rudimentary shower "  as if you were camping " were there , too , he said . Dugard "  was in good health , but living in a backyard for the past 18 years does take its toll , " Kollar said . He described her as "  relatively cooperative , relatively forthcoming " in discussions with detectives . He said Dugard was "  in relatively good condition , " neither obviously abused nor malnourished . He added , "  There are no known attempts by her to outreach to anybody . " The mother and her two daughters were staying at a motel in the area , he said . "  Family reunification has begun and will be a long and ongoing process , " he said , presumably referring to Dugard 's parents . Earlier Thursday , Carl Probyn , Dugard 's stepfather , told CNN that an FBI agent had called his wife , Terry , on Wednesday afternoon to tell her that Dugard had been found . "  Jaycee remembers everything , " he said . "  They talked back and forth and she had the right answers to all my wife 's questions . " He said , "  I 'm feeling great ! ... It 's like winning the Lotto . " He witnessed the abduction of the blond , blue-eyed girl , who was wearing a pink windbreaker and pink stretch pants as she walked to her bus stop on June 10 , 1991 . Watch the stepfather describe finding out Jaycee is alive " At the time , "  It was reported that a vehicle occupied by two individuals drove up to Jaycee Dugard and abducted her in view of her stepfather , " the El Dorado County Sheriff 's office said Thursday . Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , said the reappearance of Dugard is "  absolutely huge . " "  One of the things that we preach to searching families all the time ... is that even in these long-term cases there 's hope , " he said . "  Even in these long-term cases ... it 's important that we not let the world forget . " CNN 's Taylor Gandossy , Tom Watkins and Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : Kidnapped girl grew up , had children with captor , sheriff says Sex offender admitted to having abducted girl in South Lake Tahoe , police say Phillip Garrido , Nancy Garrido booked on charges related to kidnapping Jaycee Dugard disappeared in South Lake Tahoe , California , at age 11 in 1991
CNN  -- Esquire magazine published a previously written piece by journalist Tom Junod about the powerful "  falling man " image of September 11 . But somewhere in the site 's technology , the image became associated with unrelated content , resulting in an unfortunate online display . .	An image of 9/11 's "  falling man " was posted with unrelated content The mistake quickly spread on Twitter Esquire 's apology viewed as unsympathetic
CNN  -- Basketball superstar Kobe Bryant is in talks with Virtus Bologna over a move to the Italian team as the NBA lockout continues . Los Angeles Lakers ' shooting guard Bryant , a five-time NBA champion , would be a massive draw if he opted to play for Bologna , who issued a joint statement Monday to confirm the negotiations . "  Virtus Bologna and the management of Mr. Bryant are working very intensely to try and create this important deal , " read the statement on the website of the 15-time Italian champions . "  Reaching such a complex deal requires both sides ' maximum attention for every little detail . "  Everyone wants a positive outcome to the deal , the goal of which is Kobe Bryant 's presence in Italy , economic interests for the 17 clubs in Serie A and more attention for all of Italian basketball . " Bryant , named the NBA 's most valuable player in 2008 , spent seven years in Italy as a child , when his father Joe Bryant played in the country 's Lega Basket Serie A between 1984 and 1991 . The NBA has been in a state of lockout since July , as a dispute between the players association and the teams over the league 's collective bargaining agreement rumbles on . The collective bargaining agreement is a contract between players and franchises which outlines how NBA stars should be paid . The current dispute is over the average salary which should be earned by players over the term of their contracts . Talks were held over the weekend in an attempt to resolve the ongoing disagreement , but after little progress was made discussions were extended into Monday . NBA training camps were also due to begin Monday , but they have been canceled as talks over a new labor agreement continue .	Kobe Bryant in talks over a move to Italian team Virtus Bologna The NBA has been in a state of lockout since July The lockout is over the collective bargaining agreement between the teams and players Bryant 's father Joe played in Italy for seven years
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China 's urban rich are making far more than they officially report , suggesting the wealth gap in the world 's second largest economy is much higher than previously thought , according to a new study . The China Society of Economic Reform released a survey Monday that found "  gray income " was 6.2 trillion yuan  U.S. $ 1 trillion  , or 12 % of GDP . "  Gray income " can range from illegal cash from kickbacks to unreported income and gifts . "  The result has highlighted expanding social inequalities and policy issues surrounding official corruption and income distribution , " said Wang Xiaolu , who led the research for the CSER , in an article in Caixin Online . "  The richer the household , the more likely it receives shadow income . " The study comes a day after Bo Xilai , a once high-flying politician , was sentenced to life in prison for bribe-taking ,15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power . Bo is appealing the verdict . The CSER surveyed 5,344 urban families in 18 Chinese provinces . The results suggest the top 10 % of households earn nearly 21 times more than the poorest 10 % . The National Bureau of Statistics places income disparity far lower , saying China 's wealthiest make 8.6 times more than its poorest . "  China is in a dangerous zone as one the most unequal countries in the world , " Wang wrote . The survey found that rich families gain 80 % of their wealth from business and on average "  have decent gains " in stock markets , whereas most middle and lower income families lose cash in the capital markets , Wang said . "  We ca n't rule out that some of these business gains are problematic , or even illegal , because many survey takers count kickbacks as business gains , " he wrote . Much of the high gray income is linked to the loose credit handed out between 2009 and 2010 , Wang wrote , as well as the rapid increase of government investment during the same period . "  To stop widening income disparity and unfair allocation , in addition to anti-corruption campaigns , there needs to be gradual but firm progress in economic , political and social reform that moves the country closer to the rule of law with public scrutiny over administrative power , " he said .	Survey : China 's urban rich are making far more than they officially report Researchers found unreported "  gray income " was 6.2 trillion yuan  U.S. $ 1 trillion Suggests the top 10 % of households earn nearly 21 times more than the poorest "  The richer the household , the more likely it receives shadow income "
CNN  -- Nine sites in the central Pacific will be set as sanctuaries for marine life and bases of research for scientists , President Bush said Tuesday . The new designated areas make up the largest area of ocean set aside for marine conservation in the world . The sites , designated in three regions of the central Pacific , will make up the largest expanse of ocean set aside for marine conservation in the world : 195,280 square miles . "  For sea birds and marine life , they will be sanctuaries to grow and thrive . For scientists , they will be places to extend the frontiers of discovery , " Bush said . "  And for the American people , they will be places that honor our duty to be good stewards of the Almighty 's creation . " For the designation , Bush used the 1906 Antiquities Act , which President Theodore Roosevelt first used to set aside public lands such as the Grand Canyon as national monuments . Many areas created under the act later became national parks . Watch Bush dedicate the central Pacific sites " The Marine Conservation Biology Institute and the Environmental Defense Fund partnered to identify eight of the nine sites the president set aside Tuesday . All but one of those eight remote areas have Fish and Wildlife Service refuge areas at their cores . The eight sites are Rose Atoll , Wake Island , Johnston Island , Palmyra Island , Kingman Reef , Baker Island , Howland Island and Jarvis Island . Rose Atoll , part of American Samoa , is the smallest atoll in the world , but more than 500 fish species swim in the waters around it , and it supports 97 percent of America Samoa 's seabird population . It is also the nesting ground for several threatened turtle species . The Pew Environmental Fund identified the ninth site : the waters around the northern Marianas and the deepest ocean canyon in the world , the Mariana Trench , 11,033 meters  36,201 feet  at its deepest . The new designations will expand protection to a 50 nautical mile area off the islands , where commercial fishing will be prohibited . Other uses of the area -- research or recreational fishing -- will be allowed but will require a permit . Bush also announced that the United States will submit a request to establish George Washington 's Virginia home , Mount Vernon , and the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands Marine National Monument as UNESCO world heritage sites . UNESCO is the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization . Bush designated 138,000 square miles in Hawaii two years ago , making Hawaiian Islands Marine National Monument the "  largest fully protected marine area in the world , " Bush said . CNN 's KC Wildmoon contributed to this report .	Sites cover 195,280 square miles , world 's largest expanse set aside for conservation Bush designates 9 sites in 3 areas of central Pacific as marine national monuments Sites include Wake , Johnston , Palmyra , Baker , Howland , Jarvis , Marianas Islands Rose Atoll , Kingman Reef also designated
CNN  -- Manchester United have been drawn against seven-time European champions AC Milan in the draw for the first knockout stage of this season 's Champions League . The heavyweight pairing throws up the prospect of Milan 's David Beckham returning to Old Trafford to play against his former club . Soccer icon Beckham , who is on loan at Milan from LA Galaxy , was part of United 's Champions League winning side in 1999 . "  We 've come up against AC Milan many times in the quarter and semi-finals so it 'll be a fantastic setting for two great clubs , " Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson told the club 's official Web site . "  We 're very much looking forward to it . " Friday 's draw in Nyon in Switzerland also threw together English Premier League leaders Chelsea against Inter Milan , coached by Jose Mourinho , who led the Blues to back-to-back titles during his spell in England . Moody Mourinho needs makeover Defending champions Barcelona will need to beat Bundesliga Stuttgart over two legs to reach the quarterfinals , while Spanish rivals Real Madrid were drawn against French powerhouses Lyon . The third English side in the draw , Arsenal , have been paired with Portuguese champions Porto . Other ties see Greek champions Olympiakos face their French counterparts Bordeaux , CSKA Moscow of Russia against La Liga hopefuls Sevilla and German giants Bayern Munich play Serie A Fiorentina . The first leg of the ties will be on February 16 and 17 with the returns on March 9 and 10 . In the second-tier Europa League Dutch side Ajax and Serie A Juventus were drawn together in a repeat of the 1996 Champions League final . Juventus won that clash on penalties , but since then both sides have struggled to make an impression in the higher reaches of European football . The winner over two legs faces a tough last 16 clash against either Premier League Fulham or Shakhtar Donetsk of the Ukraine , who are effectively the defending champions after claiming last season 's UEFA Cup before it was revamped as the Europa League . Five-time European champions Liverpool and Unirea Urziceni of Romania , who were both eliminated from the Champions League , were paired while AS Roma of Italy will meet Greek side Panathinaikos .	Champions League last 16 draw sets Old Trafford return for David Beckham after AC Milan are pitched against AC Milan Jose Mourinho will face his former club as Inter take on Chelsea Real Madrid will play French side Lyon while Barcelona take on Stuttgart Liverpool draw Unirea Urziceni in Europa League last 32 and Juventus face Ajax
CNN  -- Two Americans and an Israeli were awarded the Nobel Prize in chemistry on Wednesday for painstakingly mapping out the thousands of atoms that make up the ribosome -- work that paves the way for new antibiotics . U.S. researcher Thomas Steitz is one of three scientists sharing the 2009 Nobel Prize in chemistry . Inside all animals , plants and bacteria are DNA molecules that contain the blueprint for life . Ribosomes are an organism 's protein factories . They use the information in the DNA to make the tens of thousands of proteins that enable the organism to function properly . These proteins include hormones , enzymes and hemoglobin , which transports oxygen . From a medicinal standpoint , the ribosome is important because it is what antibiotics target . In a bacterial strain , antibiotics bind to the ribosomes , preventing them from making the proteins the bacteria need to survive . Americans Venkatraman Ramakrishnan and Thomas Steitz and Israeli Ada Yonath shared the $ 1.4 million prize for mapping the position of the thousands and thousands of atoms that make up ribosomes . Their three-dimensional models showed how different antibiotics bind to the ribosome . "  These models are now used by scientists in order to develop new antibiotics , directly assisting the saving of lives and decreasing humanity 's suffering , " said the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , which awards the prize . Ramakrishnan , a U.S. citizen who was born in India , is a senior scientist and group leader at MRC Laboratory of Molecular Biology in Cambridge , England , according to the Nobel Prize Web site . Steitz is a professor at Yale University and an investigator at Howard Hughes Medical Institute at Yale , the site said . Yonath is a professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , and director of the Helen & Milton A. Kimmelman Center for Biomolecular Structure & Assembly at the Weizmann Institute , the Nobel site said . The Nobel Prizes are being awarded this week and next . The medicine award was handed out on Monday and the one for physics on Tuesday . The prize for literature will be awarded Thursday ; the Nobel Peace Prize winner will be named on Friday , and the award in economics will be issued on Monday .	Two Americans , one Israeli to share $ 1.4 million prize for work on ribosomes Ribosomes in every organism use info from DNA to make proteins needed for life Antibiotics work by binding to ribosomes of bacteria so they ca n't make proteins Nobel winners ' mapping of ribosomes helps in development of new antibiotics
CNN  -- Iranian President Hassan Rouhani made his case Thursday to the American people and the world for "  a constructive approach " to contentious issues including his nation 's nuclear program , arguing that failing to engage "  leads to everyone 's loss . " "  We must work together to end the unhealthy rivalries and interferences that fuel violence and drive us apart , " Rouhani said in an op-ed published Thursday evening on the Washington Post 's website . It 's not the first time a leader from a country often at odds with the United States has used its newspapers to convey his or her views . Just last week , for instance , Russian President Vladimir Putin argued against international military intervention in Syria and jabbed his U.S. counterpart for saying Americans should consider themselves "  exceptional " -- a remark that quickly elicited derision from across the U.S. political spectrum . But Rouhani 's tone differed from Putin 's , echoing the theme of "  prudence and hope " and the promise of more positive engagement with the rest of the world that helped propel him to an election win in June . "  To move beyond impasses , ... we need to aim higher , " he said . "  Rather than focusing on how to prevent things from getting worse , we need to think -- and talk -- about how to make things better . " Contending "  the age of blood feuds " and the idea of diplomacy as a "  zero-sum game " no longer apply in a "  changed " world , Rouhani said leaders should engage each other "  on the basis of equal footing and mutual respect . " "  My approach to foreign policy seeks to resolve ... issues by addressing their underlying causes , " he said . "  We must work together to end the unhealthy rivalries and interferences that fuel violence and drive us apart . " Chief among those issues , for Iran , is its nuclear program . Iranian officials have insisted its aim is peaceful and for energy purposes only , but skeptical U.S. , Israeli and other officials accuse Tehran of working to develop nuclear weapons . Iran 's lack of openness on the issue and its perceived lack of cooperation with international nuclear authorities , have led to stringent international sanctions and increased tensions in the region . In his opinion column Thursday , Rouhani sought to frame the debate over what he called "  our peaceful nuclear energy program . " This program , he said , is tied into not only addressing Iran 's energy needs but also into establishing its place in the world . "  To us , mastering the atomic fuel cycle and generating nuclear power is as much about diversifying our energy resources as it is about who Iranians are as a nation , our demand for dignity and respect , and our consequent place in the world , " he said . The Washington Post column appears to be part of a U.S.-targeted public relations initiative by Rouhani , coming a day after he talked with NBC News . In that interview , Rouhani said , "  We have never pursued or sought a nuclear bomb and we are not going to do so . " Iran 's Rouhani : Diplomat 's touch , no pushover There 's little dispute Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is Iran 's most powerful figure . Still , Rouhani said Thursday that he and his delegation will head to New York with the "  full power and has complete authority " to make a deal with others on nuclear matters . The Iranian president also talked about trading letters with Obama this summer , an exchange he called "  positive and constructive . " "  It could be subtle and tiny steps for a very important future , " Rouhani told NBC , according to video on the network 's website . "  I believe the leaders in all countries could think in their national interests and that they should not be under the influence of  interest  groups . " Rouhani 's Washington Post op-ed published a few hours after U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry -- also speaking in Washington -- characterized some of the new Iranian president 's remarks as "  very positive . " Yet he offered his compliment with a caveat : "  Everything needs to be put to the test , and we 'll see where we go . " Iranian human rights activist freed Kerry punted on a question of whether Rouhani and U.S. President Barack Obama will meet next week when both attend the U.N. General Assembly in New York . Asked the same question Wednesday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said "  there are currently no plans " for such a face-to-face meeting though he also did n't rule it out . And Carney did hint the United States is open to talks with Iran -- with whom it has feuded regarding Iran 's nuclear program , a dispute that 's led to harsh international sanctions and raised the specter of war in the region -- to "  test " whether Tehran is sincere in its hope to improve its international standing . "  I think it 's fair to say that  Obama  believes there is an opportunity for diplomacy when it comes to the issues that have presented challenges to the United States and our allies with regards to Iran , " Carney said . "  And we hope that the Iranian government takes advantage of this opportunity . " In fact , there were high-level talks Thursday -- involving Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif and U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon . Zarif called the meeting "  constructive , " saying it involved "  satisfactory negotiations " on various issues such as Iran 's nuclear program , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Ban 's office also issued a positive statement on the meeting , saying the two "  discussed Iran 's growing cooperation with the international community on a host of issues , including the nuclear file , as well the role Iran could play in promoting a political solution to the conflict in Syria . " This cooperation has been spearheaded by Rouhani , himself a former nuclear negotiator who vowed during his campaign to try to reduce tensions between Iran and the outside world . That includes expressing openness in talks on its nuclear program . The 64-year-old cleric , who is considered a moderate , said last month that as long as there are "  negotiations without threats , the way for interaction is open . " Report : Iran takes key step in nuclear reactor construction	NEW : In Post op-ed , Iran 's president says failing to engage "  leads to everyone 's loss " NEW : Iran 's nuclear program is solely for energy , a matter of national pride , he says John Kerry praises Iranian president 's comments on talks , nuclear program Yet the top U.S. diplomat adds : "  Everything needs to be put to the test "
CNN  -- A onetime contestant on "  The Dating Game " was sentenced to die Tuesday for murdering four women and a child , Orange County , California , officials said . Rodney Alcala , 66 , was convicted in February of kidnapping and murdering a 12-year-old girl and raping and murdering four Los Angeles County women in the 1970s . "  Losing Robin , we lost so many things , " said Marianne Connelly , the mother of Robin Samsoe , 12 , whom authorities said Alcala murdered in 1979 . "  We did n't get to watch her grow up . We did n't get to see her graduate high school or college , see her have a dance career , get married and/or have children , " Connelly told the court Tuesday . "  He took her life , her future and our joy . " Deidreann Parenteau , Jill Parenteau 's sister , said she never understood why her sister had to die at Alcala 's hands . "  If there is a hell , I hope Rodney Alcala burns eternally , " she told the court . "  I wish he would experience the terror that he put his victims through . " The crimes took place between November 1977 and June 1979 , and covered a wide swath of suburban Los Angeles , California , from Burbank to El Segundo , authorities said . A jury recommended this month that Alcala receive the death penalty . He was found guilty February 25 of murder , kidnapping and an array of sexual offenses . He acted as his own attorney during the penalty phase of the trial . In 1978 , Alcala was a winning bachelor on the television show "  The Dating Game . " At the time , he had been convicted in the 1968 rape of an 8-year-old girl , authorities said . He served a 34-month sentence . A year earlier , according to the Orange County district attorney , Alcala had raped , sodomized and killed two women : Jill Barcomb , an 18-year-old New Yorker who had recently moved to California , and Georgia Wixted , a 27-year-old nurse . The district attorney said Alcala used a large rock to smash in Barcomb 's face and then "  strangled her to death by tying a belt and pant leg around her neck . " Her body was left in a mountainous area in the foothills near Hollywood . Wixted was beaten with the claw end of a hammer , the district attorney said . Alcala "  strangled her to death using a nylon stocking and left her body in her Malibu apartment , " according to the district attorney 's Web site . On "  The Dating Game , " Alcala -- who was introduced as a "  successful photographer " who might also be found sky diving or motorcycling -- succeeded in charming bachelorette Cheryl Bradshaw from behind a wall . "  Who will it be ? " the host asked Bradshaw at the end . "  I 'll take One , " she said , and Alcala strode out . Three more murders followed Alcala 's appearance on the show , the district attorney said . In June 1979 , he beat , raped and strangled Charlotte Lamb , a 33-year-old legal secretary , with her shoelace in the laundry room of her El Segundo apartment complex , according to the district attorney 's office . The case was investigated but went cold . The same month , according to the district attorney 's office , Alcala raped and murdered 21-year-old Parenteau in her Burbank apartment . She was also strangled with a cord or nylon . Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling out a window , the district attorney said . "  Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder , " the district attorney said . Though he was charged with murdering Parenteau , the case was dismissed after his first conviction in the Samsoe case . In that 1979 case , Alcala approached the 12-year-old at the beach in Huntington Beach and asked her to pose for pictures , the district attorney said . She did and then rode off on her bicycle to dance class . She never made it . "  The defendant kidnapped and murdered Samsoe and dumped her body near Sierra Madre in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains , " the district attorney said . Alcala was convicted in 1980 of Samsoe 's murder and was sentenced to death , but the conviction was overturned by the California State Supreme Court . A second trial in 1986 also resulted in a conviction and death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the crime scenes in the Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb cases . He was charged with the four Los Angeles murders , including Parenteau 's . Police investigating Alcala discovered dozens of photographs of women and children in a storage unit he kept in Seattle , Washington . The locker also contained earrings belonging to Samsoe , according to the Orange County district attorney 's office . Police have asked for the public 's help in determining whether any of the people in the photographs are victims of Alcala 's .	Rodney Alcala convicted last month in deaths of four women , child He was winning bachelor on television show in 1978 At the time , he had been found guilty of raping 8-year-old
CNN  -- "  Battlestar Galactica , " the TV series that has held up a mirror to post-9 / 11 politics and paranoia for the past four seasons , comes to an end Friday . "  Battlestar Galactica " drew consistent praise from the critics , but never attracted huge audiences . The show 's legions of fans may be in mourning , but executive producer David Eick finds the looming finale bittersweet . "  It 's a combination of deep sadness and a little bit of relief , " he told CNN by phone from Los Angeles . Eick and his producing partner Ronald D. Moore revived -- or , as they like to say , "  reimagined " -- a campy late-1970s space opera about a ragtag group of survivors from an attack that wiped out most of humanity , making it a gritty , tense , and morally ambiguous drama . Echoes of the traumas that shaped contemporary America are inescapable , from a shot in opening credits that looks like Manhattan before the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , to questions about curtailing civil liberties in wartime . Eick says the show is a reflection of its times . The show "  went into development very shortly after the attacks -- December of 2001 . Not only were we post-9 / 11 , but the wounds were so extremely fresh , there was still a great deal of shock , " he said . Some of the imagery and themes of the show derived directly from the attacks , he said , such as a "  wall of grief " where people place pictures of dead comrades . The show 's central conflict has a religious dimension : The show 's villains , the mechanical yet human-looking Cylons , believe in one god ; the humans believe in many . "  The antagonists are motivated by a belief that they are operating with the blessing , the permission of an all-powerful god . To the extent that religion and spiritual beliefs were chief motivations for the antagonists , that had resonance with al Qaeda , " Eick said . But , he said , the writers fought to keep the show from becoming morally simplistic . "  Sci-fi has always been a safe haven because we 're not talking about al Qaeda , we 're talking about the Cylons , " he said . "  We went to great lengths to try to see things from the opponents ' point of view , to make the audience ask if they are rooting for the right side , " he said . In fact , the Cylons become increasingly complicated characters as the series goes on , ultimately warring among themselves -- as do the humans . "  The intention of ` Battlestar Galactica ' was to present flawed heroes , who fought among themselves as much as the enemy , " Eick said . "  We are drawn to heroes who succeed in spite of themselves . " "  Growing discontent with the -LSB- Bush -RSB- administration allowed us to deepen many of those flaws in those characters , " he said , even as he denied the show was designed to reflect the headlines . "  Rarely do I recall saying : ` Let 's do Abu Ghraib , ' " said Eick , referring to the notorious prison in Iraq . The series does include an interrogation episode with a clear reference to waterboarding . The show drew consistent praise from the critics , but never attracted huge audiences from its home on the Sci-Fi channel , a cable network . Nielsen figures suggest the miniseries that launched the show drew about 4 million viewers , but audiences dipped to about half that in the third season before rebounding slightly as the fourth and final season began last year . Eick said he did not watch the original "  Battlestar Galactica " series , which ran from 1978 to 1980 -- another gloomy era in America . But he knew he did not want his protagonist to be like the hero of that show , even if they shared the same name . "  In the original incarnation , the main character of Adama was the picture of perfection , a military genius and a family man and a diplomat and a great orator , and and and ... We were in an age where it did n't seem plausible that one person could have all the answers , " he said . "  The world did n't need another moralizing space opera , " he said , drawing a specific contrast with the much more successful "  Star Trek " franchise , or , as he called it "  escapist ` Star Trek ' - ian action-adventure . " "  The virtue of ` Star Trek ' is that is does present a problem -- a moral crisis that its main characters ultimately solve or answer in a way that is intended to be a model for the audience , " Eick said . "  They come away feeling better about themselves . " That has never been "  Battlestar Galactica 's " intention , he said . "  To the show 's good fortune , the audience was in need of a vehicle for its angst and its paranoia , " said Eick , who said that as a viewer , he "  was much more seduced " by darker stories that "  felt like a reflection of reality . " The walls of his home , he said , are adorned with posters from just such dark films : "  Jaws , " "  Taxi Driver , " "  The Exorcist , " "  Lenny " and "  Manhattan . "  He also likes the lighter fare of "  The Blues Brothers . " "  For some people , there 's something very cathartic about watching nihilistic drama , " he said . "  There is a relief associated with it . "  We often hear that what audiences want in troubled times is escapism and comfort food . I think it 's the opposite . They want a way to feel their reality reflected back at them . "	Show featured group of survivors from an attack that wiped out most of humanity It went into development shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks Executive producer : Some of the themes of the show derived directly from the attacks Original "  Battlestar Galactica " series ran from 1978 to 1980
