CNN  -- Best known for its luxury massage chairs , Osim opened its first commercial outlet in the Philippines in February 2003 . Osim considers itself a global leader in branded healthy lifestyle products . Just two months later it launched iSymphonic , the world 's first massage chair synchronized to music , voted "  Invention of the Year " by Time magazine . In January 2007 it launched uPilot , a designer massage chair featuring ROBO-Stic technology for extensive personal massage control . Other pioneer products include iDesire , iMedic , iSqueez , iSense and iTango . Today Osim considers itself a global leader in branded healthy lifestyle products , offering more than 100 innovative products covering its four focuses of health , hygiene , nutrition and fitness , from massage chairs and air purifiers to health supplements and treadmills . Listed in the Singapore Stock Exchange , Osim operates an international point-of-sales network of over 1,100 outlets in more than 360 cities in over 28 countries in Asia , Australia , Africa , Middle East , United Kingdom and North America . Osim has also invested in the communities in which it operates . It has set up an ongoing endowment fund with the NUS Business School  National University of Singapore  called the Osim Professorship in Branding and Innovation . In Hong Kong , it involved celebrity Andy Lau to lift Hong Kong residents ' spirits during the critical SARS period . In 2004 , it helped raise funds for victims of the Asian Tsunami . Osim also supported The Healthy Walk Event in Taiwan , as well as major cultural events in Malaysia in 2005 and 2006 . Osim was Awarded the Most Transparent Company Award  Commerce  in SIAS Investors ' Choice Awards 2004 and 2005 . E-mail to a friend	Osim launched iSymphonic , world 's first massage chair synchronized to music In 2007 it launched uPilot massage chair , featuring ROBO-Stic technology Osim operates in Asia , Australia , Africa , Middle East , UK and North America
And I thought Miley Cyrus ' performance at the VMAs generated a ton of opinions . Ask parents how they feel about homework , as we did on CNN 's Facebook page , and the response is immediate and intense . So many parents from all over the country sounded off passionately , saying we expect too much , too little or the wrong things from young students . As children go back to school and parents negotiate balancing family time and take-home assignments , parents shared that their children are stressed out and exhausted by the volume of homework they receive  so , too , are parents who say they 've had to become drill sergeants in their own home to get it all done  . Other parents said their kids are n't getting enough or any homework at all and they 've had to create their own to keep their kids challenged . Some parents complained that their kids ' homework is more busy work than helpful work to improve academic performance , while others said their kids ' homework is just right -- and critical to competing in a global economy . Lisa Morguess , a mom of seven in Fullerton , California , who is against any homework in elementary school , started a blog called Hometown Homework Chronicles . It chronicles her dealings with her children 's school and school district to limit the amount of homework . "  I feel that , especially in elementary school , spending six to seven hours a day in school is enough , " said Morguess in an interview via e-mail . "  Kids are tired after that and need to unwind and engage in nonacademic activities -- many of which are just as valuable in creating a well-rounded person as academics are . " That said , Morguess concedes it 's next to impossible to get her children 's school or any school to begin a no-homework policy . "  The concept of homework is so ingrained in our culture that people ca n't and wo n't think about what it might be like if we just stopped making our kids do homework , " said Morguess . "  So I 've put my foot down and refused to enforce more than 10 minutes of homework per grade level for each of my elementary school kids , which is the guideline recommended by both the National PTA and the National Education Association . "  Her kids ' teachers this year so far seem accepting of her policy . Homework : How much , how often ? On the other side of the debate is Ann Gunty , a mom of four in Flagstaff , Arizona , who does n't understand -- or support -- the notion that children should have less homework or no homework at all . "  I just do n't think it 's the right thing to say , ` Oh , they do n't need any homework . It 's just too much . They should be out playing . They should only go to school , ' " Gunty told me . "  Making it less and less and less is contributing to us being less competitive worldwide . " Gunty 's kids , who attend a school that runs from grade 5 through 12 , get between one to two hours of homework , including 30 math problems every night , which she feels is appropriate , beneficial  her kids ' school enjoys high test scores and strong college placement  and not intrusive on their ability to still be kids or enjoy family time . Mozart Saint Cyr , a father or two in Bridgewater , Massachusetts , takes it bit further : He does n't think kids today get enough homework and are so distracted by video games and social media that they 're going downhill . He says parents should demand more from their kids : "  If the school provided extra homework , some parents would force their kids to do  it  . " How to help your kids with homework For many parents , the beef about homework is not whether it 's too much or too little but the type of work the kids are bringing home . "  I am not an advocate for homework for the sake of homework , " said Francesca Price , a pregnant mom of two sons who are n't yet school-age . "  This does nothing but waste time for the student who has yet to complete it , as well as for the teacher who has to grade it , giving both of them what everyone calls ` busy work . ' " Dr. Tish Howard , a newly retired elementary school principal who continues to work with ailing schools as CEO of Edu-Linx Consulting , has never been a proponent of what she calls "  tedious homework . " "  If a child is struggling , homework is not the key to improvement , " she said , noting how few children have parents at home to help them if they 're having trouble with their homework . "  Our schools need to embed intervention time at the end of each day to support the learning of that day and ensure conceptual understanding before new learning is added the next day . " Rachel Dueker , now a college sophomore in Ottawa , Kansas , says she benefited from a high school seminar class at the end of the day where she could do her homework in school -- a tremendous stress reliever . "  I always did my math homework during my seminar class and went to my math teacher and sat side by side with her and got that help , and I did n't have to put in any extra time . It was given to me , " Dueker said during an interview . Music may harm your studying , study says Rhonda Lochiatto , a 16-year teaching veteran who currently teaches fourth grade in Volusia County , Florida , came up with a unique homework policy after she realized as a parent herself how little time there is for homework once you factor in after-school activities and life in general . "  I do n't require homework . In my class , I see homework as my opportunity to provide guidance to parents and offer ways for them to help their children at home , " said the mom of two , who gives her students a "  suggestion calendar " with optional interactive activities such as read-aloud time and topics to discuss . "  If a child has mastered a skill , there is no reason to waste time drilling it over and over , especially when they are struggling in other areas , " said Lochiatto . Opinion : U.S. lag in math , science a disaster in the making One thing I heard repeatedly from parents on both sides of the debate is the impact homework has -- or does not have -- on academic performance . Allie Eleuther , a single mom of two in Hilton Head , South Carolina , said it has been proven there is little value in homework . "  More is not always better and does not result in kids getting a better education and doing better on standardized tests . " Shay Hardin , a single mother of two , believes the movement away from homework is hurting our children 's performance and the United States overall . "  This is why many countries are already beginning to exceed the U.S. in terms of educational rank , " she said . Who 's right ? If only it were a black and white issue , but it 's not . A 2012 study found no relationship between the amount of time spent on homework and grades , but did find a positive link between homework and performance on standardized tests . A 2006 analysis of homework studies found a link between time spent on homework and achievement , but found it was much stronger in secondary school versus elementary school . That analysis also found that for junior high school students , homework reaches the point of diminishing return at around 90 minutes , and between 90 minutes and 2.5 hours for high schoolers . "  We just need to figure out what the right dosage is , " said Erik Entrikin , a father of three whose girls sometimes get up earlier than their normal 5:30 a.m. wake-up time just to finish their homework . "  Currently , it is much too high . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	There is a sharp debate among parents about homework The National PTA recommends 10 minutes of homework per night per grade level The research on the benefits of homework is mixed Giving students homework time at the end of school day helps , say students
A law enforcement officer 's quick decision is once again being put under a microscope . On Monday , Cleveland police said officers fatally shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice as the youth reached for an air pistol in his waist . Chief Calvin Williams said the air pistol was "  indistinguishable from a real firearm . " An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said . "  Our officers at times are required to make critical decisions in a split second , " Williams said at a news conference "  Unfortunately , this was one of those times . " The incident comes as the nation nervously awaits a grand jury decision on whether to charge the police officer who killed African-American teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , in August . But Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said events in Ferguson do n't concern him . "  Ferguson being out there or not being out there does n't matter , " the mayor said at the news conference . "  This is about the fact that a young boy was shot and killed in Cleveland . " The attorney for the family of the Cleveland youngster , who also was black , downplayed any possible racial connotations to the shooting . Police have not disclosed the race of the officer who shot Tamir . "  This is not a black and white issue . This is a right and wrong issue , " attorney Tim Kucharski said . Deputy Chief Ed Tomba said video showing the Saturday shooting exists , but he did n't say where the video comes from . He said representatives for Rice 's family have viewed the video and the family will decide later whether to look at it . Tomba said the video is not available for journalists now because it 's part of an active investigation , which the department plans to complete in 90 days and send to the district attorney . ` There 's a guy in there with a pistol ' The incident began Saturday when police were summoned to a city recreation center by a 911 caller who said someone -- possibly a juvenile -- was pointing "  a pistol " at people . "  There 's a guy in there with a pistol , you know , it 's probably fake , but he 's like pointing it at everybody , " the caller said . "  He 's sitting on a swing right now , but he 's pulling it in and out of his pants and pointing it at people , " the caller said . "  He 's probably a juvenile , you know ? " Police said it 's not clear if the responding officers received the information about the age of the suspect or the gun being "  probably fake . " When the two officers arrived , the boy did not point the air gun at them or otherwise threaten them , Tomba told reporters Sunday . But he did reach for the air gun , Tomba said . "  The officers ordered him to stop and to show his hands , and he went into his waistband and pulled out the weapon , " he said . Tamir died early Sunday at MetroHealth Medical Center after surgery , according to the hospital and the family 's attorney . Tomba showed reporters the air gun the boy was said to be reaching for -- a large , black BB - or pellet-type replica gun resembling a semiautomatic pistol . An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said . On Monday , Williams said that the "  facsimile weapon in this incident was indistinguishable from a real firearm . " Both officers have been placed on leave , police said . The head of the police union said the officers followed protocols . "  As they approached the male , they are screaming at him , ` Put your hands up , put your hands up ' -- they do n't want his hands to go anywhere down by the waistband , " Cleveland Police Patrolman 's Association President Jeff Follmer told CNN affiliate WJW . "  I can tell you the officer that fired had no clue that he was 12 , he just thought it was an older male . There was more concentration on his hands because we are taught in the academy that hands will kill you , " Follmer told the station . ` It was a child ' Residents reacted angrily . "  It was n't a dog . It was a child . You did n't give him a chance . You just killed him , " one man told CNN affiliate WEWS . Someone claiming to represent the online activist group Anonymous claimed in a YouTube video to have taken down the city 's website , blaming the shooting on what the speaker said was "  an overzealous rookie officer " who resorted too quickly to lethal force . "  Officers are equipped with many nonlethal options such as Taser guns , " the speaker said . "  Why did he not use a Taser on this child ? Shooting him in cold blood was not necessary with these nonlethal options available . " However , Follmer said officers had no way to know the air gun was n't a real firearm . "  You feel bad , after the fact , that it was a 12-year-old , " he said . "  Nobody wants to shoot a 12-year-old , especially when they are holding a fake gun . But that 's not the perception the officers had at that time . " Chief Williams said parents need to teach children that "  guns are not toys , " whether they 're real or fake . Police shootings of African-Americans , particularly young men , have been under rising scrutiny in recent months after Brown 's shooting following a brief confrontation in Ferguson . A grand jury there is expected to soon make a decision whether Officer Darren Wilson should face criminal charges in that incident , which resulted in widespread protests over police violence against African-Americans .	An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said Deputy chief says police have surveillance video of the shooting Officer who fired fatal shots "  had no clue " Tamir Rice was 12 , union official says "  You did n't give him a chance , " an angry resident says of the shooting
CNN  -- It 's often said that a real Southerner can "  claim kin " with anyone . Tony Rand and his son Ripley learned last year that some of their relatives were African-American . Tony Rand realized the same could be true for him . Rand , whose family can trace its roots back to the 1700s , is a Democratic state senator in North Carolina . Until he watched the 2008 CNN documentary "  Black in America , " he had no idea that some of his relatives were black . Although firmly anchored in the South , the Rands are spread across the country . What connects them is their link to a common ancestor -- the family patriarch William Harrison Rand . "  Hal " Rand , as he was known to most , was a white farmer and slave owner . In 1842 , Hal married Sarah Ann Mullens and they had seven children . Hal also fathered seven children with his mistress , Ann Albrooks Rand , a black woman . Every other year , hundreds of African-American descendants of Hal Rand get together at a different location for a massive family reunion . It 's a time to catch up and share stories , eat barbecue and have a good time . The 2007 Rand family reunion , held in Atlanta , Georgia , was featured in "  Black in America . " After the program aired , dozens of viewers across the country had the same revelation -- they , too , were related to the Rands . "  I was sitting there , that Saturday night , just up reading the week 's papers and watching the program , " says Rand with a hearty Southern accent . The Rand family 's missing link " "  Then I hear , ` We are the Rands . The mighty , mighty Rands , " he recalls , referring to the words sung by family members as they embarked on their bi-annual pilgrimage . "  And then I said to myself , ` What ? ' " Tony Rand listened as the family historian , Martha Rand Hix , described the family 's patriarch . "  When they were talking about William Harrison Rand , I knew that was the William Harrison Rand in our family , " he said . "  Then they started talking about North Carolina , and I said , ` Well , God oh mighty , ' ... it was just amazing . " The next day , he telephoned his 41-year old son , Ripley Rand , and asked him to contact their black relatives . Soon , Tony and Ripley Rand were invited to attend the next Rand family reunion in July in Sacramento , California . See photos of the Rand family members " But , what Tony Rand did n't know was that his son , a North Carolina Superior Court judge , had already been diligently working on the family genealogy . Ripley Rand had begun typing out a hand-bound version of a 100-page manuscript compiled by his great-uncle , Oscar Ripley Rand III , and started to create a digital version . Oscar Ripley Rand III was a Rhodes Scholar and retired Army colonel who spent years researching the family 's history , according to Ripley Rand . Although Oscar Ripley Rand III had scoured the National Archives and spent years collecting information about the family , his memoirs contained no mention of William Harrison Rand 's relationship and children with Ann Albrooks Rand . "  My whole life I have heard about the history of our family and we had no idea about -LSB- the African-American side of the family -RSB- , " Ripley Rand said . "  The most surprising thing about it , " he added , was that his great-uncle "  probably never heard anything about it . " Ripley Rand said he plans to attend the Rand family reunion this summer with his father and has updated his great uncle 's research to include the story of the black side of the family . Both he and his father say they 're looking forward to meeting their cousins . "  I think it will be fun to see what the connections are , " Ripley Rand said . "  There 's a whole group of family members who we did not know existed until last year . " The revelation has inspired a few jokes among the senator 's family and friends . "  I always knew you were one of us , " an African-American friend told the senator with a nudge and wink . Tony Rand is also quick to crack a joke about anything from sports and politics to food . Namely chitterlings -- a traditionally Southern delicacy made from pig intestines -- and barbecue pork . A few of the things a "  Yankee " might not know much about . "  There 's an old joke in the South , " he explained . "  If somebody was cooking chitlins and collards at the same time -- the smell was so strong that the fire would try to break out of the house . " A proud member of the Wake County Chitlin Club , a group of politically active men who gather every year at the annual Chitlin Dinner , Tony Rand is proud of his Southern heritage . Calling North Carolina barbecue "  good " wo n't do for the senator , who insists his state has the best "  pig pickin . " "  North Carolina is a great place , we 've got the mountains , we 've got good college basketball and we 've got good barbecue , " he said . "  What more could a good person aspire to ? " Given that barbecue is also a tradition at the Rand family reunion , there 's already some common ground for the lawmaker and his kin . Even though he 's "  expecting to meet some interesting people " at this year 's reunion , he 's not expecting much in the way of barbecue "  given that it 's in California and all . "	North Carolina Sen. Tony Rand had no idea some of his relatives were black Family patriarch "  Hal " Rand fathered children with his white wife , black mistress Tony Rand and his son , Ripley , plan to attend the 2009 Rand family reunion
CNN  -- On Saturday , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera , the kingpin of the Sinaloa drug cartel , was captured in a joint effort by Mexican authorities and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration . The latest in a series of major cartel arrests under Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto , El Chapo 's capture is the culmination of a dozen-year transcontinental manhunt to bring down the man who internationalized Mexico 's drug trade . El Chapo 's significance to transnational organized crime can hardly be overstated . From the Americas to Europe , West Africa to Australia , he was , in a perverse sense , an innovator : the first to develop a truly global narcotics and criminal network that would eventually net him upward of $ 3 billion each year , according to a 2013 Univision documentary entitled "  El Chapo : CEO of Crime . " And the legend of the kingpin is even greater . Many , including that documentary , credit him with building the first tunnels to subvert the U.S.-Mexico border , with bribing countless officials right here in the United States and with escalating the bloodletting in the fight with Sinaloa 's rival cartel , the Zetas . Last year , the city of Chicago labeled El Chapo "  Public Enemy No. 1 " -- a moniker that was last used for Al Capone in the 1930s -- despite the kingpin 's never having set foot in the city , according to Forbes . He has been called the Osama bin Laden of drug trafficking -- but more elusive . Given his role in drug trafficking -- not to mention his still more inflated stature in the collective imagination -- it is hard to overstate the symbolic significance of his capture . The sheer scope of his operations , his true corporatization and internationalization of drug trafficking , and the 13-year manhunt that preceded his capture this weekend render immeasurable the symbolic weight of his apprehension . And coming months might see him extradited to the United States , where many feel his trial and eventual imprisonment will be insulated from his power and corruption , which have so effectively protected him in Mexico . The arrest of the most wanted drug lord in the world will provide valuable insight into the vast networks he established but will probably not diminish demand for the products he was so expert at transporting . Drug trafficking will continue , as will the violence and insecurity that go along with it . In the immediate future , El Chapo 's arrest might generate some instability . But few believe that his arrest will mean the end of his business . The scope of his power suggests that in his absence , other brokers -- whether from inside his own Sinaloa cartel , through a member of his cohort Ismael "  El Mayo " Zambada or from rival cartels such as the Zetas or the Knights Templar -- might seek to fill his shoes . And this scramble could be accompanied by something of a refocusing , as well . With El Chapo , the true honcho of international trafficking , behind bars , we might , at least in the short run , see an uptick in cartel activity within the Western Hemisphere until the next kingpin with transcontinental aspirations emerges . Similarly , his arrest might encourage cartels throughout Mexico , pending their adjustment to his capture , to increase their non-narcotic activities : namely kidnapping , ransom and extortion . A key symbolic victory , El Chapo 's arrest speaks to the success of U.S.-Mexico bilateral efforts in the war against transnational crime . But to view this weekend 's events as any more than one battle in the larger war would be overly optimistic . Drug cartels will continue their violent operations with or without El Chapo , so his arrest can not be seen as an endpoint but rather a rallying point for continued efforts to dismantle what he and his contemporaries have built . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Carl Meacham .	U.S. , Mexican authorities captured kingpin of Sinaloa drug cartel "  El Chapo " was an innovator in the drug trade , reaped enormous rewards , author says Carl Meacham : As important as arrest was , it should not be seen as fatal to drug cartel Drug trafficking and resulting violence will continue , he says
Mashable.com  -- Microsoft is announcing today that it has integrated Facebook and Windows Live Messenger into Outlook , bringing the streams of millions of Facebook users into inboxes across the world . Last year , Microsoft launched Outlook Social Connector , a plugin that syncs social networking feeds with your Outlook contacts , giving you immediate data on what they are doing and thinking . It started last year with LinkedIn integration , but soon the company announced MySpace and Facebook were coming . Today , Outlook completes the cycle with not only Facebook integration , but support for Windows Live Messenger as well . Not only that , but the company is releasing the plugin for Outlook 2003 and 2007 users as well , bringing Facebook , MySpace , LinkedIn and Windows Live Messenger to millions of business and personal inboxes worldwide . Last week , we got a sneak peek at the new Outlook at Microsoft 's headquarters in Redmond , Washington . Here 's what you can expect from the new Facebook integration , as well some features that you can expect in the near future : Facebook + Outlook = Realtime Contact Data Facebook and Microsoft worked together to get the launch of Facebook 's integration in Outlook Social Connector right . Facebook 's Strategic Partner Manager Rick Armbrust told us that they worked closely with the Office team to make the experience more social . One of the things he immediately highlighted was the pulling of Facebook profile pictures into Outlook . The entire experience is a step above the Outlook-LinkedIn integration , which itself was pretty strong . Not only does it pull Facebook profile photos so that you can associate a name to a face , but it pulls the news feeds of your contacts into your inbox . When you 're looking at someone 's e-mail , you 'll also get a glance at their status updates , picture uploads and wall posts , among other activities . When you combine that with LinkedIn , MySpace , Windows Live Messenger , and Outlook data , you get a very detailed history of your interaction with your contacts , as well as an at-a-glance look at their activities and interests . Knowing that a potential client just returned from a trip to Hawaii can be all that you need to have the upper hand against your competition . Microsoft Group Product Manager Paco Contreras told us that there 's another new feature to the Facebook integration : realtime updates . Thanks to a new update to the social connector platform , also being released today , updates from your contacts will automatically be pushed to your inbox . There 's no need to refresh anything : new Facebook status updates will pop up in realtime within Outlook . The Facebook integration does have limitations , though : except for friend requests , Outlook can only pull data from Facebook . There is no "  liking " posts or updating your status via Outlook , at least right now . Microsoft says that the next step is to provide a richer social experience by integrating the ability to push data to other social networks , improving the look and feel of Outlook Social Connector , and adding other social networks from other regions . The Social Inbox Microsoft has known for a while that social technologies are going to dominate the web . That was made evident by its $ 240 million stake in Facebook and its many partnerships and attempts at social media  some of which have bombed  . However , Outlook Social Connector has always felt like one of the company 's smarter social media plays . Facebook 's Rich Armbrust probably put it best : "  What 's unique is that it 's bringing social elements and context from Facebook form your colleagues and your friends into the Outlook experience , which is pretty unique given that there are so many that use Outlook as their primary communiction tool . " E-mail is n't inherently a "  social " experience  it 's not a one-to-many platform  , and attempts at integrating social into the inbox  think Google Buzz  have mostly fallen flat . However , social data can be incredibly useful in the business world , especially when you need to understand what your client or colleague is thinking or doing right now . While we 'd still love to see Twitter integration in Outlook , Facebook is far larger and , in most cases , has far more useful information . Microsoft 's also learned a few lessons from the privacy fiascos Facebook and Google have undergone in recent months . Outlook will only pull data from e-mails connected to Facebook accounts . If your business e-mail is n't linked to your Facebook , your data stream wo n't appear in Outlook Social Connector . It gives users a choice , although most people do choose to add their work e-mails to Facebook in order to join their company 's Facebook network . If you want to learn more about the announcement , Microsoft has also released a short video articulating Outlook 's new features . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Outlook Social Connector syncs social networking feeds with your Outlook contacts New Facebook status updates will pop up in realtime within Outlook Outlook will only pull data from e-mails connected to Facebook accounts
PEOPLE.com  -- There are a lot of protests going on in New York City these days , but this was unexpected . Call it Occupy Sexy . Announcing themselves from the social-content website BuzzFeed.com , about 15 protesters in Ryan Gosling masks showed up -- in the rain , no less -- outside PEOPLE 's headquarters at Manhattan 's Time-Life Building on Wednesday . "  We are devastated , " Buzzfeed 's Matt Stopera , 24 , said of PEOPLE 's decision to name Bradley Cooper 2011 's Sexiest Man Alive . " -LSB- Gosling 's -RSB- left arm alone makes him the Sexiest Man Alive . Hello , look at his abs ! " Facebook users also got into the act with an entire page devoted to The Pro-Gosling People Magazine Protest , illustrated with this week 's cover of Cooper with a great big red X over it .  Gosling 's photo is circled . What , no heart ? VIDEO : Bradley Cooper : ' I Still Ca n't Believe It ! ' Of course , Gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand Friday , along with 123 other hot guys . As for the equally ab-tastic Cooper , "  We stand by our man ! " says PEOPLE 's Executive Editor Liz Sporkin . "  Bradley Cooper is the whole package . He 's gorgeous , talented , brainy , loves his mom , can cook up a storm and speaks fluent French ! Who can argue with that ? " See full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	About 15 protesters in Ryan Gosling masks showed up outside PEOPLE 's headquarters Wednesday Gosling is in the issue that hits newsstand Friday , along with 123 other hot guys . "  We stand by our man ! " says PEOPLE 's Executive Editor Liz Sporkin of Bradley Cooper
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- Regular programming has just been interrupted by a news conference . A slender black man in a suit steps up to a podium , flanked by American flags and a White House logo . Michael Lamar was laid off in January but has a new job as a Barack Obama look-alike . "  I wish I could announce such an economic package , " he says , "  but there is a bank in Turkey that did it . It is Garanti . I wish we had Garanti in America . " Do n't be fooled . This is a commercial on Turkish TV . The actor is a 44-year-old Barack Obama look-alike from Whitehall , Pennsylvania , named Michael Lamar . And he is shilling for a Turkish bank . In the month before the real Barack Obama is to visit Turkey , this ad campaign went out all across the country on television and on billboards , using the iconic , Warholian image of the American president to sell low-interest loans . The "  Mad Men " behind the concept say their Obama look-alike was the perfect guy to sell what they described as Garanti Bank 's own economic stimulus package . "  We probably would n't be doing this commercial if it was the previous president , " said Can Celikbilek , a copy writer at the advertising company , Alametifarika . "  But in the case of Obama , he does represent hope , not only for the States but for the whole world . " For Obama look-alike actor Lamar , there was some irony about getting flown to Turkey to star in a commercial for a bank . He is a recent casualty of the global economic crisis . "  I was laid off in January of this year from JP Morgan Chase Bank in the U.S. , " Lamar said , in a telephone interview from Pennsylvania . "  After 18 years in the company , I was just laid off . One of the cutbacks . I 'm currently unemployed right now . " Or , was unemployed . Lamar 's striking resemblance to the American president has suddenly offered the former software analyst a possible new career for supporting his wife and child . "  I 'm available full-time now , " Lamar said . "  I 'm going to see where this leads me . " Lamar is now being represented by a casting agency in Los Angeles that specializes in celebrity look-alikes . Since he discovered his new "  talent , " he has traveled to the Netherlands to appear in a commercial for a liquor chain and to Paris , where an activist organization brought him in to meet lawmakers at the National Assembly , as part of a campaign to raise awareness about racism and racial profiling in France . "  This was very exciting for me , a true privilege ! " Lamar said . During his brief visit to Turkey , locals did double-takes when they saw Lamar walk past . "  Even in the studio , the crew -LSB- members -RSB- were like , ` Oh ! Is that Obama ? " said Celikbilek of Alametifarika advertising . Using the image of an American president to promote anything in Turkey is a remarkable reversal . U.S. approval ratings in Turkey plunged to 9 percent , according to a 2007 Pew Research poll , making America less popular in Turkey then almost anywhere else in the world , even though the two countries are NATO allies . There was widespread anger among Turks at the war in neighboring Iraq . But the election of Barack Obama appears to have dramatically improved perceptions of America . "  Bush was a dictator who attacked other countries , " said Abdurrahman Ozdemir , who sells cigarettes from a small stall on the street . "  But we love Obama ... because he does not want to go to war with other countries . " "  We started to love and like America because of Obama , " said a 33-year-old woman named Begum Arinc . "  I do n't want to see people dying . I do n't want to see any war . That 's why I want to believe in Obama . "	Michael Lamar strikes an Obama-like figure in ads for a bank in Turkey Lamar worked for JP Morgan Chase for 18 years before being laid off President Obama will be in Turkey soon on presidential visit U.S. approval ratings in turkey have plunged in recent years
CNN  -- Former FBI Director Louis Freeh will lead an independent inquiry for Penn State University into the school 's response to child sex abuse allegations , trustee Kenneth Frazier said Monday . "  No one -- no one -- is above scrutiny , including every member of the administration of the university , every member of our board of trustees , and every employee of the university , " said Frazier , who was appointed to chair the special investigative committee into the university 's response to allegations involving former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky . A grand jury reported this month that university officials allegedly knew of allegations of misconduct on Sandusky 's part , but failed to fully act on them . Freeh , who will serve as special investigative counsel , said he extracted pledges of support and non-interference from university officials before taking on the job . "  This assurance is the main condition of my engagement , " he said . He said will appoint a team of former FBI agents and former federal prosecutors from his law firm to assist . Results of the investigation will be released to trustees and the public at about the same time , he said . It 's unclear how effective Freeh will be , said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  Louis Freeh is an honorable person , but the question is whether he will have the tools to do a thorough investigation . " Toobin said . With police , the university and even Sandusky 's former charity , The Second Mile , conducting their own investigations , it 's unclear whether witnesses will want to repeat their stories over and over again , he said . At the heart of the scandal are accusations that Sandusky , the retired defensive coordinator for the Penn State football team , sexually abused a boy at the university football complex , and that law enforcement officials were not notified . According to grand jury documents , a graduate assistant told head football coach Joe Paterno in 2002 that he had seen Sandusky performing anal sex on a young boy in a football complex shower . Paterno told athletic director Tim Curley , who told Gary Schultz , a university vice president . Some information about the allegations eventually reached President Graham Spanier , according to the grand jury . Paterno has said he did "  what I was supposed to do . " But in a later statement , he said "  with the benefit of hindsight , I wish I had done more . " While it took years for the alleged abuse to become public , school officials moved quickly after prosecutors charged Sandusky , 67 , with 40 counts in the alleged sexual abuse of eight young boys over several years . Authorities also charged Curley and Schultz with misleading the grand jury investigating the allegations and failing to report suspected abuse . Curley and Schultz stepped aside within a day of the charges , and before the week was out , trustees had fired both Paterno -- the winningest football coach in Division I history -- and Spanier . The university 's special committee , created six days after Sandusky 's arrest , empowered Freeh to "  take his team 's work to wherever it leads , " Frazier said . The NCAA and the U.S. Department of Education are also investigating the university 's response . Freeh said he did not know how much the investigation will cost , or how long it will take , other than that it will be lengthy . Investigators had already begun work reviewing documents in the case , he said . While he does not have the subpoena power he enjoyed as an FBI official , Freeh said he is counting on the cooperation of law enforcement and the Penn State community , which is eager to restore the university 's reputation . "  In my current role , I will encourage everyone to speak to us , " he said . Frazier said the scandal has caused irreparable harm to the school , but officials are determined to make sure it never happens again . "  Words alone can not express the heartbreak and sorrow we feel for the victims , " he said .	NEW : It 's unclear that Freeh will have the tools he needs for inquiry , analyst says The investigation into the scandal will be lengthy , the former FBI director says Former FBI Director Louis Freeh will lead Penn State 's child sex abuse inquiry Freeh has free rein to go where the investigation takes him , a trustee says
Washington  CNN  -- The State Department condemned Iran 's persecution of religious minorities on Friday following the Iranian authorities ' detention of Baha'is and Christians in recent months . Iranian authorities have detained more than 45 Baha'is in the last four months , and as many as 60 Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran on the basis of their religion beliefs , the State Department said . Iranians have also recently detained more than a dozen Christians , according to the State Department . "  The United States is increasingly concerned about the Iran 's ongoing persecution of Baha'is and other religious minority communities , " said Philip J. Crowley , assistant secretary for public affairs , in a statement on Friday . The State Department 's condemnation comes a day after it released a human rights report on Iran that blasted the country 's government for abusing religious minorities , among other criticisms . "  Government rhetoric and actions created a threatening atmosphere for nearly all non-Shia religious groups , most notably for Baha'is , as well as for Sunni Muslims , evangelical Christians , and members of the Jewish community , " Thursday 's report said . Iran is an Islamic Republic where Shia Islam is the state religion . The Iranian government did not respond directly to the State Department on Thursday or Friday . However , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticized the West on Friday for ignoring religious principles like monotheism . At a meeting with Iranian intellectuals , "  the president stressed that -LSB- many -RSB- efforts should be made to ... promote justice and support -LSB- a -RSB- campaign against oppressors and help monotheism flourish , " Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported . Thursday 's State Department report said that Iran 's government prevents Baha'is from gathering in homes to worship and bans Baha'is from public schools , universities , the social pension system and government leadership posts unless they conceal their faith . "  The government repeatedly pressured Baha'is to recant their religious beliefs in exchange for relief from mistreatment , " the report said . All seven members of Iran 's Baha'i national leadership body , who were arrested in 2008 , remained in prison at the end of 2009 , according to the report . The Baha'i faith was founded in Iran in the 19th century . Today , Baha'is are the country 's largest religious minority , with 300,000 members , according to the official Baha'i Web site . Thursday 's State Department report also accused the Iranian government of destroying a Sufi library and religious hall in Isfahan ; demolishing several Sunni mosques ; and requiring evangelical Christian groups to submit congregation membership lists to the government . The report was part of a broader State Department release of human rights reports on 194 countries .	State Department concerned over Iran 's ongoing persecution of Baha'is , Christians U.S. report claims Iranian government creates "  threatening atmosphere " for religious groups President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad decries West for ignoring monotheism
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Mason Jennings is free of drugs or alcohol . Has been for some time now . But danger still lurks in his music . Rolling Stone recently dubbed Mason Jennings "  one of the best songwriters you 've never heard of . " Effortless melody , dexterous wordplay , tight compositions -- they come easy for Jennings , whom Rolling Stone recently dubbed "  one of the best songwriters you 've never heard of . " But his new album , "  Blood of Man "  Brushfire  , goes deeper than his previous work , which presented a more affable side of the Honolulu-born , Minneapolis-based singer-songwriter . At a recent show in Los Angeles , Jennings told the crowd that he had to tell his mother about a couple of songs on "  Blood of Man . " "  There might be some painful memories in there , " he warned . His mother responded , "  Well , I 'll be writing a song called ` My Son Stole My Car and Got Stoned and Drunk . ' " "  Blood of Man " is raw and personal , Jennings allowed in an interview . "  I got to a place where I made music that moved me , " he said . "  When I play with that kind of openness ... I know I can get free . " Watch a music video of Mason Jennings " "  I think it has to do with wanting transcendence , " he said at another point . "  Everybody is looking for a feeling of release , and my release comes through my music . " CNN sat down with Mason Jennings in a Los Angeles recording studio . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : This record is getting the best reviews of your career . Reaction ? Mason Jennings : It 's surprising . -LSB- For -RSB- this one , I did n't even think about other people . What would I like to do ? If no one is going to hear this , what would it sound like ? So I was just recording tons of songs in the winter by myself , and I ended up putting out what I had done . I thought there would be no reviews or people would just ignore it . So it 's great to have this kind of reaction -LSB- to the album -RSB- . CNN : The title "  Blood of Man " can mean many things ... Jennings : I was actually a little embarrassed by it . Kind of intense and pretty dark , but in the end , there was no other option . To me , it 's about humanness -- dark and light -- instinctual humanness . There 's just life blood coming through it . CNN : You mentioned darkness . On the album , we have "  black wind blowing " and "  lonely roads " and "  suicide halls . " Are you speaking from personal experience ? Jennings : -LSB- It was -RSB- letting myself feel anger , desire , fear ... all those human things inside you . Trusting that it 's OK to put them out there . Trusting more about what resonates with me rather than trying to steer the songs to safer waters . CNN : Were there parts of yourself that you had n't really mined to this point ? Jennings : Yes . The song "  Pittsburgh " draws from experiences I had growing up that triggered a lot of different things . It 's a rough period for everybody , but I had a lot of different experiences that were kind of ... difficult . I started writing about those , and it started feeling more like a diary or my own expression -LSB- as opposed to -RSB- some of my other stuff where I tend to be more "  in character . " CNN : How did your newfound practice of meditation affect "  Blood of Man " ? Jennings : I would think that if you go that inward that even more demons would come up , but it was the opposite . I started doing a lot of yoga , pretty intensely , right when I started recording these songs . So I have a feeling that it was a big part of getting into my body -- getting physical and connecting with my spirit and allowing me to get free . It was a big part of this record , strangely , because -LSB- the record -RSB- is so dark and raw , but the whole time I -LSB- knew -RSB- I could handle it . CNN : The song "  Blood of Man " seems like a centerpiece . Jennings : When I was doing these recordings , I was sending them to a couple of producers to see what they thought of the ideas . Most of the time they were asking me how I recorded this or that and how I got -LSB- certain sounds -RSB- . I thought "  Maybe this is OK just how it is . " I did n't have that one final song that tied it all together , and I was so excited about the idea that I was going to release everything -LSB- as is -RSB- and that song just came to me and really hit me hard . It 's one of my favorite songs . That song feels like something I 've been trying to do for years . It captures the feeling I had the whole time I was writing this album . CNN : I could see where a producer would take these songs and add strings , make it gloss , but it works the way it is . Jennings : A lot of people want to clean up my sound . They want to take the rough edges off , and whenever I 've tried that -- to hear my voice in that context ... it does n't sound good . It sounds out of place , like having a barn animal walk into a fancy room . Whenever I try to work too hard on -LSB- a song -RSB- and force it ... it does n't -LSB- sound right -RSB- . But then I write a song like "  City of Ghosts , " and it 's like a punch . It 's -LSB- quick -RSB- , and it 's done . CNN : It ca n't be calculated . Jennings : Got have to that tape rolling . And the other thing is -LSB- to -RSB- make sure you stay inspired by life . Keep that sense of wonder .	Mason Jennings ' new CD , "  Blood of Man , " is very personal Jennings does n't shy away from tougher episodes of his life One contributor to the songs : intense yoga sessions , says Jennings
CNN  -- The United States is an exceptional nation . As a people , we are not bound by blood , nationality , ethnicity or religion . Instead , we are connected by the core belief that it does not matter where you came from ; it matters only where you are going . This belief is what makes our country unique . It is also what makes education critically important , more so today than ever . While our political leanings may be different , our careers have taught us that education is inextricably linked to the strength of this country and our leadership in the international community . Today , globalization and the technological sophistication of our economy are widening already troubling socioeconomic disparities , rewarding those who acquire the right skills and punishing brutally those who do not . Much is at stake . It is not hyperbole to say that the state of education in our country is a challenge to our national security . Human capital has never been more important for success in our increasingly competitive world economy . Yet , although the United States invests more in education than almost any other developed nation , its students rank in the middle of the pack in reading and toward the bottom in math and science . On average , U.S. students have fallen behind peers in Korea and China , Poland and Canada and New Zealand . This puts us on a trajectory toward massive failure . Our schools simply must do better . It is essential , too , that we provide a base of knowledge for our students in order to produce citizens who can serve in the Foreign Service , the intelligence community and the armed forces . The State Department is struggling to recruit enough foreign language speakers , U.S. generals are cautioning that enlistees can not read training manuals for sophisticated equipment , and a report from the XVIII Airborne Corps in Iraq found that out of 250 intelligence personnel , fewer than five had the "  aptitude to put pieces together to form a conclusion . " Schools of Thought blog : Report calls education a national security issue For the United States to maintain its role of military and diplomatic leadership , it needs highly qualified and capable men and women to conduct its foreign affairs . Knowledge of the world and of foreign languages is essential . Finally , we must also foster a deeper understanding of America 's core institutions and values . Successfully educating our young people about our country , its governmental institutions and values -- what is sometimes called "  civics " -- is crucial to our coherence as a population and for informed citizenry . A year ago , we brought together leaders in education , politics , business , academia and the armed forces and diplomatic communities to assess the nation 's educational challenges in the context of national security . We believe education is posing direct threats to our nation : to economic growth , to intellectual property and competitiveness , to the protection of U.S. physical safety and to U.S. global awareness , unity and cohesion . Based on our consultations with these leaders , we offer three recommendations that build upon our core American strengths and the work already under way in schools , districts and states across the nation . America must compete successfully globally , but reform must have a distinctly American character , tapping our creativity , capacity for innovation and the power of competition . Our recommendations are as follows : • Implement educational expectations and assessments in subjects vital to protecting national security . States should expand the Common Core State Standards and implement assessments that more meaningfully measure student achievement . Children in every state must have strong foundations in science , technology , and foreign language , and skills like creative thinking and problem solving if they are to be competitive nationally and globally . • Make structural changes to provide all students with meaningful choices . States and school districts should give parents a much wider range of educational options so children are not trapped in failing schools . Choice is especially important for poor parents who are more likely to live in districts with underperforming schools ; mobility gives these children vital options . Enhanced choice and competition among schools , in an environment of equitable resource allocation , will fuel the innovation necessary to transform results . • Launch a "  national security readiness audit " to hold schools and policymakers accountable for results and to raise public awareness . We need a stronger and more coordinated effort to assess school-level information -- from basic educational outcomes , like the proportion of students passing courses and graduating from high school to specific national security-related skills , such as mastering foreign languages and computer skills . America 's greatest strengths stem from the freedom to innovate , create , compete and succeed . Without a wide base of educated and capable citizens , our strengths will fade , and the United States will lose its capacity to lead in the international community . We embarked on this project because we believe the crucial question for our generation is whether , on our watch , the American dream becomes the American memory . We hope and believe that if the country refocuses and reprioritizes , the American dream can be sustained for future generations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joel I. Klein and Condoleezza Rice .	Condoleezza Rice and Joel Klein : Education essential to America 's strength , yet nation lags They say education also key to national security ; human capital important in world competitivess They say knowledge of the world , U.S. civics , foreign languages crucial for leadership Writers : U.S. must expand core standards , offer school choice , teach languages , computer skills
The D-E-F-I-N-I-T-I-O-N of a good spelling bee may have forever changed in Missouri . It took seventh grader Kush Sharma more than 90 rounds and two days -- separated by about two weeks -- to finally get the winning word . He beat fifth grader Sophia Hoffman , who went out on the word "  stifling , " earning a spot in the Scripps National Spelling Bee . The two met February 22 at the Kansas City Public Library for the regularly scheduled competition , where they exhausted all the words on a list provided to the judges . After more than 60 rounds , the match was halted without a winner . "  We did n't want to just go through the dictionary and give them more words , " Mary Olive Thompson , outreach coordinator for Kansas City Public Library , said at the time . "  We feared that someone would get a word that was too easy while the other would get an extremely difficult word . We wanted to be a bit more calculated and neutral , and we wanted to give each an equal opportunity . " But soon , Kush and Sophia were more than two young , ace spellers from Kansas City . They were national celebrities , appearing on CNN and ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " That made Saturday 's rematch all that much bigger . The library could n't contain those who came to watch and ended up setting up a live video stream so that about 100 spectators could watch from the lobby , Thompson said . And this might not be the last time Kush and Sophia duel in the spelling arena . As Thompson noted , "  both students are young enough -- they could face each other again " next year . Until then , the event 's organizers are celebrating what was a riveting , historic and -- in the end -- emotional edition of this year 's bee . "  We got to know the kids ; they are both great kids , " Thompson said . "  This is not the last we are going to see of Sophia . "	Seventh grader Kush Sharma wins Kansas City spelling bee with the word "  definition " Two weeks ago , he and fifth grader Sophia Hoffman had exhausted all the words on the list Sophia went out on the word "  stifling " "  This is not the last we are going to see of Sophia , " spelling bee official says
CNN  -- Argentina 's star-studded line-up began their World Cup campaign with a 1-0 victory over Nigeria in their Group B opener in Johannesburg on Saturday . A goal from defender Gabriel Heinze after six minutes was all that separated the two teams after an inspired display from Nigeria goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama . But South Korea ended the day on top of the group following a 2-0 victory over Greece in Port Elizabeth earlier on Saturday . Goals from Lee Jung-Soo and Park Ji-Sung gave the 2002 semifinalists a comfortable win over the 2008 European cvhampions . Argentina 1-0 Nigeria Enyeama could do little to stop Heinze 's powerful early header from a Juan Sebastian Veron corner , but he kept his team alive with a string of acrobatic saves to deny World Player of the Year Lionel Messi . Diego Maradona was delighted to secure his first victory as a World Cup coach , but critical of his strikers for failing to make the game safe . "  When you do n't kill things off in front of goal you can pay a heavy price . They almost got a draw -- we missed loads of chances , " Maradona told AFP . "  Players such as Leo Messi and Higuain knocked in around 60 goals last season between them , yet today it was almost as if they could n't set their sights on goal . "  But the win means we can be calm -- we are in the right track . " Enyeama 's tip over from a Messi shot led to the early corner from which the unmarked Heinze scored to spark scenes of wild celebration on the Argentina bench , led by Maradona . Messi and Gonzalo Higuain might both have had hat-tricks as Argentina 's attacking flair was evident , but at the other end Nigeria also had opportunities to salvage a point . Midway through the second half , Taye Taiwo found space to toe-poke a shot from the edge of the area which went just wide of Sergio Romero 's left-hand post . CNN 's World Cup twitter.buzz As the clock ticked down , Enyeama blocked Messi as he looked certain to score but in a swift counter attack Nigeria then had their best chance of the match as Aiyegbeni Yakubu crossed from the right and Kala Uche made a hash of his volleyed attempt from 10 meters out . At the final whistle it was a deserved victory for Argentina , but they will face a sterner test in their next match in five days ' time against South Korea . Nigeria , who have lost five and drawn once since their last World Cup finals victory in 1998 , will be looking to break that winless run against the Greeks , who also have a poor record in football 's global showpiece . South Korea 2-0 Greece Goals from Lee Jung-Soo and Park Ji-Sung earned South Korea a comfortable 2-0 win against a poor Greek side , who never looked like getting on the score sheet . Central defender Lee opened the scoring in the seventh minute , volleying home from close range from a well directed free-kick delivered by Ki Sung-Yong . South Korea should have gone 2-0 up after 23 minutes when Monaco striker Park Chu-Young was sent through on goal by a defense-splitting pass from the boot of Park Ji-Sung , but goalkeeper Alexandros Tzorvas saved to send the ball onto the roof of the net . The second half carried on where the first finished off , and it was no surprise when Park Ji-Sung added a second goal after 52 minutes . Latching on to a mistake made by Loukas Vyntra , the Manchester United midfielder swept forward into the penalty area before coolly slotting past a helpless Tzorvas . The goal did seem to finally wake Greece from their slumber , and striker Theofanis Gekas forced a fine save from Jung Sung Ryon in the 80th minute , but it was a rare moment of skill in a woeful display . Moments later , Lee Chung-Young nearly added a third for South Korea at the other end . The result means Greece continue their winless World Cup finals record . Their only other appearance in 1994 yielded no goals and no points .	Argentina beat Nigeria 1-0 in their World Cup Group B opener at Ellis Park A sixth-minute goal by Gabriel Heinze gives Diego Maradona 's men three points Nigeria goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama denies Lionel Messi with a string of saves South Korea top the group following an earlier 2-0 victory over Greece in Port Elizabeth
CNN  -- The World Bank 's most recent report that ranks economies for ease of doing business has found New Zealand to be the easiest place to start a small and medium-sized enterprise . The rankings look at 185 economies around the world . In measuring how easy it is to start a limited liability company , the report looks at how many steps are officially required or commonly done by entrepreneurs , as well as how many days it takes to go through those procedures . The report also factors in the cost and the minimum capital required , with 0 % of income per capita being best . In New Zealand , it takes only one step and one day , the ideal number , to incorporate a company . Someone who wants to open a business just has to apply for registration online . According to the report , the process costs 163.55 New Zealand dollars  US$ 129  and does not have a minimum capital requirement . By contrast , the U.S. ranks 13 , needing six steps in order to start a business with no minimum capital . The report based the U.S. statistics on requirements in New York City , as it used the largest business city of each country it studied .	The World Bank 's annual "  Doing Business " report ranks countries and territories for how easy it is to run a company there The ranking looks at how many steps it takes and how much capital is required New Zealand is said to be the easiest place to start a company
DENVER , Colorado  CNN  -- The last place Kathy Archuleta could have ever imagined she 'd spend the first night of the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , was at a happy hour sponsored by the Republican Party . Clinton supporters chat at the RNC sponsored Hillary Happy Hour Monday night in Denver , Colorado . But the 54-year-old Democrat joined several other Hillary Clinton supporters , along with volunteers and officials from John McCain 's campaign , at a Happy Hour for Hillary . The event , sponsored by the Republican National Committee and approved by the McCain campaign , was a chance for McCain and Clinton supporters to come together for one cause : their opposition to Barack Obama 's candidacy . "  Four years ago , if you said we 'd be at a Hillary happy hour at the DNC , I would have called you crazy . But today is a great opportunity for people who ... agree that Sen. Barack Obama does n't have the experience to be president of the United States , " said McCain campaign regional communications director Tom Kise . As Michelle Obama was delivering her "  One Nation " unity speech on the convention floor several blocks away , more than 100 people gathered at the Paramount Café in downtown Denver . In a side room , both groups of supporters discussed politics , sports and the convention while sipping cocktails and munching on tacos and a cheese spread . But there was nothing unified for these Clinton supporters who walked across the aisle or , in this case , the cafe Monday night . Archuleta , who hails from Denver , has been a registered Democrat all her life -- until now . "  I 'm a registered Republican ... for the first time in my voting life , " Archuleta said . "  No Obama for me . I 'm voting for John McCain . " "  He reminds me of what the Jimmy Carter era was like . ... If they think Jimmy Carter had it bad , just wait if Obama gets into the White House . That will be bad news in so many ways , " she added . Obama 's relative lack of experience in national politics -- long seen as his Achilles heel -- was something that Clinton supporters , Republicans and independents attending the happy hour rallied behind . "  His lack of experience has been demonstrated so painfully every time he opens his mouth just about . ... You can not have good judgment without experience ; that 's how you get it , " said 58-year-old Marnie Delano of New York . Adam Edwards , a 20-year-old Clinton supporter , said that although the New York senator "  was the stronger candidate , " voters may have "  just discredited her because of some imagined baggage she carried from her husband 's administration . " Leland Kritt , a McCain supporter who made his way to Denver from Los Angeles , California , said Obama 's message of ` change ' is simply flawed . "  The simple fact remains , change will occur anyway , no matter who the president is . For every man , woman and child , change will happen . Question is : who is best able to handle that change ? " the 51-year-old Republican said . The McCain campaign has been aggressively courting Clinton 's voters in recent days , especially after Obama announced Delaware Sen. Joseph Biden as his running mate Saturday . Shortly after the announcement , the Arizona senator 's campaign released a TV ad in several swing states that used video of Biden criticizing Obama as too inexperienced to be president . And just as the Democrats ' convention was getting started in Denver , both the McCain campaign and the Republican National Committee unveiled four TV ads geared toward Clinton supporters . The most recent McCain ad involves the famous Hillary Clinton "  3 a.m. " spot and will be aired during the convention . The 30-second spot uses footage from Clinton 's original ad and declares , "  Hillary 's right . " The ad , set to run in key battleground states and specifically in Denver this week , also goes a step further than the New York senator 's original ad , explicitly detailing the national security threats America faces . Clinton , speaking to member of the New York delegation in Denver on Monday , said she was opposed to Republicans using her words against Obama . Meanwhile , a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll taken August 23-24 found that 56 percent of registered voters have a favorable opinion of Hillary Clinton , with 40 percent having an unfavorable view . The margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . iReport.com : Are you in Denver ? So while Clinton 's die-hard supporters are in Denver in full force , the poll showed that her negative approval rating is very high among registered voters nationwide . But there is some bad news for Obama . The poll showed that 66 percent of Clinton supporters -- registered Democrats who want Clinton as the nominee -- are now backing Obama . That 's down from 75 percent in the end of June . Twenty-seven percent of them now say they 'll support McCain , up from 16 percent in late June . And nowhere was that statistic more prevalent than at the RNC-sponsored happy hour for Hillary . Clinton supporters-turned-McCain converts at the event were not just angry at Obama 's campaign ; they 're furious with the Democratic Party 's nomination process this year . "  The DNC really pushed -LSB- Barack Obama -RSB- on us . Now they 've left us with two choices : somebody who has no substance or a Republican , " said Jessi Cleaver , 35 , of New York . "  And these are terrible choices , and they worked hard to select this candidate . ... We 're watching the DNC pick this candidate for us . " It 's a point Mitt Marr agreed with . "  We 're taking a stand and not backing down . It 's ` we the people , ' not ` we the DNC . ' We are standing up for what is right . I know in my heart , " said the woman from Sugar Land , Texas , who would give her age only as 50-something . As the convention heats up and tensions remain high over how to make sure Clinton 's 18 million or so votes are counted , supporters will rally by her side , even if their pick in November is her enemy .	The Republican Party held a happy hour for Hillary Clinton backers in Denver Some Clinton backers say Obama lacks experience necessary to be president Only two-thirds of the New York senator 's supporters are backing Obama , poll finds John McCain 's campaign has been actively courting Clinton backers
CNN  -- "  The Nutcracker " ballet , as most North Americans know it , is about magic . A wooden toy transforms into a prince , mice and toy soldiers engage in battle , a little girl journeys to a sugar-coated paradise where she is treated to a series of decadent dances . But does it need more magic , Carolina Ballet director Robert Weiss wondered , prompting a search for ways to make his company 's version of the classic George Balanchine staging of the ballet more "  magical . " "  I 've always felt the magic in ` Nutcracker ' was rather bland , and that if we could get a real first-class magician to come in and help us figure out how we could enhance the show , it would really take the whole ballet and kick it up a notch , " said Weiss . "  The whole thing is about magic , it 's Clara 's dream , so the more magical we make it , the better , " he said , watching a dancer attached to cables float across the stage of Chapel Hill 's Memorial Hall during final rehearsals last month . From Russia to Raleigh with love : Teaching ` Nutcracker ' in the South It was no small feat , but after months of planning and rehearsing with Las Vegas illusionist Rick Thomas , the show opened earlier this month featuring a levitating ballerina , flying Drosselmeyers and a few other surprises . The company also invested in glittering new sets for the first time since its inaugural "  Nutcracker " production in 2001 . In a career spanning nearly five decades as a dancer , teacher and company director , Weiss has played all the male Nutcracker roles except Drosselmeyer . Therefore , he was sensitive to concerns that introducing special effects would turn the show into Las Vegas-style fare . Those concerns were put to rest as soon as rehearsals began , the dancers said . "  They 're not flashy tricks or people doing gymnastics . They 're illusions that add to the story at just the right moments , " principal dancer Melissa Podcasy said . "  The story is intact , the choreography is the same , it just adds that element of visual wonder . " As the cash cow that allows many ballet companies to pursue projects with less mainstream appeal the rest of the year , "  Nutcracker " productions are constantly being refreshed and marketed in different ways to bring in larger crowds . Carolina Ballet 's use of illusions might represent this season 's most substantial modification of an existing production , but each company has its own means of reaching bigger audiences . National Ballet Canada continued its tradition of guest walk-ons during its Saturday performance with Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , who dressed as a Russian Petrouchka doll and shot a cannon into the audience to begin the battle scene in Act I . The New York City Ballet 's Nutcracker was broadcast Tuesday in movie theaters nationwide . Morning talk show personality Kelly Ripa hosted the live broadcast , which included backstage interviews and a visit to the School of American Ballet , the official school of the New York City Ballet and home to the young ballet students who perform in the production . A nationally televised broadcast followed on Wednesday evening on PBS ' "  Live from Lincoln Center . " Other companies organize extra events and activities to enhance their "  Nutcracker " experience . Attendees of the Pacific Northwest Ballet 's production , a collaboration between choreographer Kent Stowell and illustrator Maurice Sendak , can also enjoy a family brunch or a "  date night , " take their pictures with characters from the show or meet the Seafair Pirates . Not everyone in the arts world regards "  The Nutcracker " as a tradition worth embracing . In a 2009 Washington Post column , Sarah Kaufman wrote that "  to those of us who despair of its pervading tweeness and wish ballet had something better to do at this time of year than endlessly reminisce like a sweet , whiskery auntie , it bears some bad news , too . ` The Nutcracker 's ' stranglehold is all but squeezing ballet dry . " Regardless , companies in small cities like Raleigh rely on their adaptations of E.T.A. Hoffmann 's book "  The Nutcracker and the Mouse King " to introduce ballet to audiences that would n't attend otherwise . Amid the country 's economic slump , "  Nutcracker " ticket sales have gone down each year , making each investment all the more crucial , Weiss said . "  Ballet 's still an esoteric form to many , and for many , they do n't go to see Carolina Ballet , they go to see ` Nutcracker , ' " he said . "  Because we do n't have money , every decision we make is that much harder . We have to take a hard look at what we gain , " he said . "  Do we spend an extra $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 on lighting to get it at its highest level , or should we get a new snow machine because it 's not putting out as much as I 'd like ? " Weiss brought the idea of adding special effects to his board and convinced them that a little bit of magic was what they needed to get ticket sales back to pre-recession levels . He enlisted the aid of Thomas , a Las Vegas headliner known for incorporating tigers , birds and dancing into his long-running act . Weiss sent a video of the ballet with thoughts on where illusions could possibly fit in . From the start , he was firm that Thomas ' stunts could not alter the choreography or the music . They ended up with a dancing doll who floats a few feet above a table and dancers who suddenly pop out of empty boxes . The key was to create illusions that were convincing but easy for someone who 's not a "  true magician " to pull off , he said . From there , the dancers had to learn to interact with the stunts and engage the audience . "  I 'm overwhelmed to see how great the show turned out and how far the dancers have come , " he said . "  People think you have to go to Las Vegas to see great talent but it 's right here in North Carolina . "	Carolina Ballet introduces levitating ballerinas , disappearing dancers into show The company hired Las Vegas headliner Rick Thomas to coordinate illusions Ballet companies are constantly looking for ways to draw bigger crowds Toronto Mayor Rob Ford appeared in National Ballet Canada 's Nutcracker
CNN  -- In case you think your weekends are filling up now that spring is here , consider the humdinger of a three-day stretch Louisville coach Rick Pitino might face in Atlanta starting April 6 . Saturday : Coach a team in the Final Four for the seventh time , tying North Carolina coach Roy Williams for the fourth most in NCAA history . Only John Wooden  12  , Mike Krzyzewski  11  and Dean Smith  11  have coached in more . Sunday : Receive official word from the Naismith Hall of Fame that he has been chose for induction , the highest honor in the sport . Pitino is one of 12 finalists , with enshrinement in Springfield , Massachusetts , on September 8 . Monday : Lead the Cardinals to their first national championship since 1986 -- and , in the process , become the first coach to win a title at two programs . He led the Kentucky Wildcats to the 1996 title . This scenario is possible for Pitino , whose top-seeded Cardinals play 12th-seeded Oregon in the Sweet 16 on Friday in Indianapolis . A win against the Ducks , followed by a victory against either Duke or Michigan State , and Pitino might have the most incredible Final Four weekend for a coach in history . Not that he is willing to consider this possibility now . Pitino did n't become one of the most successful coaches of his generation -- with 660 victories at the college level and another 192 in the NBA -- by looking ahead . "  Not for two seconds , " he said with a smile Thursday when asked about the potential for that weekend in Atlanta . "  Until you brought it up , I did n't even know it was being voted on . " The hall selection is voted on by a committee . The basketball , of course , is played for the world to see . With the way his team has played over the past seven weeks , the Cardinals have emerged as the clear favorite in what was the most wide-open college basketball season in years . Bleacher Report : Rick Pitino : College Basketball Icon Since a 104-101 loss at Notre Dame on February 9 -- an epic five-overtime thriller that ranks among the best games of the season -- Louisville has won 12 straight games . Only one of those , a 58-53 win over a Syracuse team then ranked 12th in the nation , was decided by single digits . Pitino would never classify this Louisville team as his best , not when he regularly filled NBA rosters while coaching the other half of this bluegrass blood rivalry at Kentucky . But few teams have bought into his philosophy better than this one , with a relentless pressing defense and unselfish offense built around the 3-point line . Let the most recent victim explain : "  I do n't want to put any pressure on Rick and his guys , but they 're special , " Larry Eustachy said after his Colorado State team suffered an 82-56 loss in the third round . "  They need a little luck like everybody does to win it all ... but I ca n't say enough about coach Pitino and how he gets his guys to play for 40 minutes as impressive as I 've ever seen . " It is almost hard to believe that the still-young-looking Pitino is 60 , that he is in his fourth decade as a coach . But it 's been 34 years since he took his first head coaching job at Boston University , 26 years since he took his first team to the Final Four with Providence and 17 years since he clipped the nets for the first  and so far only  time as a champion at Kentucky . Louisville is his seventh stop as a head coach , and at 12 seasons so far , his longest . Pitino has taken the Cards to a pair of Final Fours , in 2005 and 2012 , but has never led them to a title . This is not only his best shot , but a team that he has enjoyed coaching like few in his career . Bleacher Report : NCAA Brackets 2013 : Updated Look at Road to Final Four "  If I can keep recruiting guys like this , I want to coach until 70 and beyond , because I 've had such a blast and to see guys work that hard inside just fills you up , really does , " Pitino said . "  That 's not easy to do what they do . I do n't think in my best day as an athlete I could have done half of what these guys do in the course of a game . It 's really amazing what they do on the court . " It starts with Pitino . Of the remaining coaches in the NCAA Tournament , he is one of six with titles on his resume , with two -- Duke 's Krzyzewski and Syracuse 's Jim Boeheim -- already Hall of Famers . But few have left a bigger imprint on the game than the Louisville coach . Pitino helped usher in a new era in college basketball , recognizing before most coaches that the 3-point line would radically change how the game would be played . His teams defended all 94 feet on the court , using their quickness to force turnovers and emphasizing that any open shot from behind that arc is a good one . He said it was a style he developed at Boston University , a struggling program he rebuilt , when he was a 20-something coach . "  So I could basically make all the mistakes I wanted to and no one noticed , " he said . "  I was continuing tinkering with the full court press , changing it , working at it . For the five years at BU , I came up with a style of play that I stuck with from that point on . " Or , as his point guard Peyton Siva said , "  We can play at the YMCA , and I guarantee you Coach Pitino will still have us pressing full court . " Bleacher Report : Louisville Basketball : 5 Biggest Roadblocks to Winning 2013 NCAA Championship The style -- and , of course , the players -- helped made him a winner at each of his college stops , and he even used it with mixed results in the NBA . When the Cardinals fell behind by 16 early in the second half to Syracuse in this Big East Tournament championship game this season , it was the press that helped turn the game around -- and , eventually , into a 17-point victory . The Cardinals are deep , talented and balanced , led by an experienced back court in Siva  9.7 points and 5.9 assists a game  and Russ Smith  18.4 points  . "  From a talent standpoint  this team  may not even be in my top five , " Pitino said . "  But in terms of execution , intensity , a will to win , it 's up there . We do n't play the game for the lottery  in the NBA  draft . We play the game for Louisville , and then our guys move on and they 're very successful people in and out of basketball . "  I 'm just having a blast . The kids are just loving , loving individuals and just great to be around . " Pitino has this team two victories away from another Final Four -- and , quite possibly , a weekend like no coach in history has ever experienced .	Louisville basketball coach Rick Pitino has 660 college-level victories and 192 with the NBA Pitino 's top-seeded Cardinals play 12th-seeded Oregon Friday in the Sweet 16 Pitino , 60 , on his 34-year career : "  I want to coach until 70 and beyond " Louisville is on a 12-game winning streak
CNN  -- A day after Miriam Carey ran a barricade and led police on a high-velocity chase through the middle of the nation 's capital , authorities were searching for clues to explain the bizarre chain of events that led to her death . Although Carey was shot while driving with her baby , the child was uninjured . Many questions surrounding those facts remain . Related : Was the shooting justified ? Here 's what we know about Carey , a 34-year-old who reportedly had worked as a dental hygienist in Connecticut . Boyfriend : She thought the president was monitoring her A law enforcement source involved in the investigation said Thursday that Carey 's boyfriend had told police last winter that she appeared to be delusional . The boyfriend said she claimed President Barack Obama had placed Stamford , Connecticut , where she lived , under lockdown and that her house was under electronic surveillance , the source said . He told police that she was suffering from postpartum depression , was having trouble sleeping and was on medication . Carey underwent a mental health evaluation , the source said . Related : What is postpartum psychosis ? Authorities have not officially linked the incident to mental illness or any other factor . Postpartum psychosis A few months after her daughter was born , Miriam Carey was diagnosed with postpartum depression with psychosis , her sister told CNN 's AC360 . Postpartum psychosis can cause delusions and paranoia , according to medical experts . "  There was n't a pattern . It was something that occurred suddenly , " Amy Carey-Jones said . "  She seemed overwhelmed . There was a lot of stress . "  There was not moments of her walking around with delusions . That was not what was going on . " But her sister was making progress with the help of counseling and medications . Carey-Jones said her sister recently told her that the doctors told her she did n't need the medication anymore . "  They tapered her off the medications , and she said she felt fine , " Carey-Jones said . She declined to discuss what medication Miriam Carey had taken . Her home Carey lived in an apartment that authorities searched Friday . Medication During the search , authorities found discharge papers from a 2012 mental health evaluation that listed prescriptions for medications to treat depression , schizophrenia and bipolar disorder -- a law enforcement source briefed on the investigation said Friday . Earlier , sources said investigators found medications , but that proved later not to be accurate . Authorities found a laptop computer , a flash drive and three non-working cell phones , the source said . A letter The source told CNN that Carey left a letter addressed to the boyfriend at her apartment and that it appeared to contain white powder . The letter was being tested for hazardous substances . The baby girl After surviving a high-speed police chase with Carey at the wheel , authorities placed the girl with a foster family , a spokesperson for Washington 's Child and Family Services Agency told CNN . During the chase , no shots were fired from the Infinity , CNN 's Deborah Feyerick reported . All shots were from law enforcement directed at the passenger side of the car . New York relatives In Brooklyn in New York City , where Carey 's mother and one of her four sisters live , a neighbor reported seeing the suspect Tuesday picking up her daughter . When federal agents arrived to conduct questioning , no one at the apartment answered the door . Carey 's Facebook page includes a map pinpointing Stamford and New York . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Carol Cratty , Deborah Feyerick , and Joe Johns contributed to this report .	NEW : Miriam Carey was diagnosed with postpartum psychosis , her sister says NEW : She was treated with medication and counseling , the sister says Miriam Carey 's baby has been placed with a foster family , an official says The boyfriend said she thought the president had placed her city on lockdown , a source said
Rio De Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazil 's ruling party candidate Dilma Rousseff garnered the most votes in Sunday 's presidential election but fell short of the majority she needed to avoid a runoff . With 99.98 percent of the votes counted , Rousseff led the race with 46.9 percent of the vote , according to the Superior Electoral Court . She needed 50 percent plus one vote to avoid a second-round runoff . She will now face Jose Serra , a former mayor of Sao Paulo and one of the county 's most experienced politicians . He had 32.61 percent of the vote , the court said . If she ultimately prevails , Rousseff -- a former Marxist guerrilla -- would be her country 's first female president . The runoff election is scheduled for October 31 . "  Thank you very much to all of you , and tomorrow we will again continue the conversation that we have been having since the beginning of this electoral campaign , " Rousseff said soon after the count , according to video on Bandeirantes television . Sunday 's general election spanned across all levels of government , from local offices to the presidency . Nine candidates vied for the nation 's top job . Rousseff is the hand-picked successor of President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva , who has an 80 percent approval rating . The outgoing president has steered Brazil into a major global economy , and his choice for the next president appears to be influencing voters . The president is barred from running for a third consecutive term . Brazil has the world 's eighth-largest economy , which has grown 7 percent a year on the strength of a commodities boom and market-friendly policies . And the country will get more worldwide attention in the coming years , hosting events such as the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016 . Voting is mandatory in Brazil for anyone over age 18 and under age 70 . Some 136 million people were eligible to vote . CNN 's Shasta Darlington and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	Dilma Rousseff , a former Marxist guerrilla , wins the first-round vote She falls short of the majority needed to avoid a runoff President Luis Inacio Lula da Silva campaigned for her Rousseff will face Jose Serra in the second round
CNN  -- On New Year 's Day , Windy Hill lay in a hospital bed and described to her doctor the feeling she 'd been having . Her heart , she told him , felt like it was in a vise grip . Hill described the sensation -- which had come and gone for weeks after she had a baby girl -- like being "  punched in the chest . " Yet none of the tests performed on her heart indicated a problem . "  The doctor turned to me and said , ` Seems like she 's OK . I think it was just a panic attack , ' " said Joseph Berry , Hill 's fiancÃ © . "  He walked out of the room , was gone four or five minutes and I looked over and she had lost all color in her face . " "  She says , ` It 's happening again . I 'm hurting , ' " Berry said . "  I do n't remember anything after that , " Hill , 38 , said recently . Her doctors suspect that Hill 's history of high blood pressure caught up with her , causing the left hemisphere of her heart to buckle and tear , starving a large portion of her heart of blood . "  That whole portion of the heart died , " said Dr. Rashid Ahmad , an assistant professor of cardiac surgery at Vanderbilt University Medical Center , where Hill was transferred after her heart attack . "  She was teetering on the edge . Her heart was n't going to recover . " To try to restore blood flow , doctors performed a bypass . When that did not work , Hill was told she needed a transplant . More evidence links calcium supplements to heart attacks But because the wait for a matching donor heart could take months , maybe years , doctors offered a temporary solution : a heart pump to keep her alive in the interim . It was as Hill lay on the operating room table in April -- under anesthesia , ready to receive the pump , tubes and monitoring lines all in place -- that a miracle happened . "  We 're prepping for surgery , which means in about 20 minutes I would have made a skin incision , " said Ahmad , one of Hill 's surgeons . "  My cell phone rings and it 's the transplant coordinator . A donor heart was identified . " The operating room staff was stunned . "  I 've been doing this for about 10 years and this is very rare , a first for me , " Ahmad said . "  And the timing of it . I could have gotten the call after making the incision , which would have made things much more difficult . " With Hill still under anesthesia , Ahmad went to Berry , her fiancÃ © , to deliver the news . "  I told him , the good news is we located a heart , " Ahmad said . But there was a catch : "  We want to be really sure this heart wo n't be immediately rejected . " The odds favored rejection . Windy had just had baby Gracie six months earlier , and antibodies still circulating in her blood would almost certainly attack the donor heart . But Berry said they had prayed for a heart , and he believed this would be a match . "  I was very excited , holding my breath , " he said . He waited several hours while doctors cross-matched a blood sample from Hill with the new heart , to find out if implanting it would result in rejection . Against the odds , tests indicated that Hill 's body would accept the donor heart . Later that evening , surgeons implanted the new heart into Hill . "  You know like when you 're a kid at Christmas and could n't wait to see what was under the tree ? " said Berry about waiting for Hill to wake up so that he could deliver the good news . "  It 's like that feeling times a thousand . " Berry was by her side as Hill 's eyes tentatively blinked open two days after surgery . He delivered the news that instead of a pump , she had gotten a new heart . "  She just looked at me for a minute . I said ` You hear me ? ' " said Berry . "  She looked at me again , her eyes got real big and she was moving her lips . She said , ` No I did n't . ' I said , ` Yes you did . ' " "  I did n't believe him at first , " said Hill , who then began reaching around to find the pump console . When she could not find it , "  That 's when I realized I had a heart . " "  She looked at me and started crying , " Berry said . Hill had spent a good portion of her daughter 's life in the hospital . The new heart , she said , means making up for lost time , getting to know her newborn . Berry said he owes a debt of gratitude to the organ donor for helping to keep his family intact . "  They gave me and Gracie a second chance with Windy , " said an emotional Berry . "  Our little girl gets to grow up with her mama . It 's a miracle of life . "	Windy Hill had frequent heart pains after her baby girl was born A portion of Hill 's heart had died , leaving her in desperate need for a transplant While she was on the operating table to get a temporary pump , a new heart became available
CNN  -- There are two good reasons to own a giant trampoline . The first is for bouncing super-duper high to spy on your weirdo neighbors , what with the constant sound of all that slapping leather . And the second reason is because you 're fearlessly young and enjoy the occasional compound fracture . You know how kids are . "  I 'll show you my tibia if you show me yours . " But the pleasures that come from owning your own spring-loaded backyard injury machine only last a short time . Roughly about an hour . Maybe longer if you use it without pants . But then it just becomes this thing that sits in the sun and collects leaves . Which is exactly what happened for Scott Maney of Wellesley , Massachusetts . So Maney finally decided to sell his trampoline on Craigslist , and in the process , used it as a beautiful opportunity to crap all over his wonderful kids . Naturally , the Internet loved it . His June 8 Craigslist headline reads "  My Kids Suck " and the ad begins like this : "  They begged . They pleaded . They told me how they 'd use it EVERY day . How our house would become THE place to hang out . We had a hot tub . And a basketball court . And a fire pit . And a hammock . But if we had THIS , well , we 'd be rock stars . " Here , Maney refers to his three aforementioned wonderful kids -- his self-proclaimed "  Irish triplets " -- who are now 18 , 16 , and 14 . He bought the trampoline two years ago for them , sort of as an apology after his family relocated to Wellesley from Chicago . The kids were n't happy , and he tried to make it up to them . Maney explains this in the ad : "  Plus since I "  messed up their lives " by moving them here in middle school , I owed them at least this much . God , dad . " So , it seemed like a good idea . Besides , in the outdoor space which would eventually become the trampoline 's quiet home of sadness and neglect , the previous homeowners had left behind a play set . "  The kids were too old for that already , and the dog kept pooping in the sand box , " Maney told me . "  I knew it had to go . " The ad continues : "  So I caved . And I bought it . And I built it . And that first night they jumped . " THEY jumped . Maney , in fact , did not . "  Are you nuts ? You know how dangerous those things are ? That 's got torn ACL written all over it . " Next , the ad gets rather sad and sentimental . He wrote : "  Then I watched from my window as the summer turned to fall and the fall turned to winter and the flurries came down and the snowmen went up and the rain came down and the flowers came up and spring turned to summer and I watched even still from the window , waiting , just waiting , for someone , anyone , to use that damn trampoline even once more . Oh , please , please , just once . " At which point Maney 's brief poetic aside comes to an abrupt stop : "  My kids suck . " Maney drove this point home , telling me that he was n't even sure if any of his kids had been on the trampoline in over a year . Maybe just him when he swept off the leaves to take pictures for the ad . Which concludes : "  So after two years of sitting in my window staring out like a creepy old neighbor , I am selling it to make room for gardenias or tomato plants or a stockade jail to house three grumpy teenagers . Have n't decided yet . " The trampoline sold in less than 24 hours . Which , of course , was great . But the reactions he got online were ever better . Maney says he received about 100 e-mails from people who enjoyed his trampoline ad , and about 20 more from people who actually wanted to buy it . His ad was on online hit . "  I 've worked in the advertising business for 20-plus years and never had a piece of content go truly viral , " he said . "  I write one Craigslist ad ... " Now he 's had a taste . And it feels good . In fact , Maney 's thinking of seeing if lightning can strike twice . "  I 'm scouring the house looking for that French horn . My Kids Suck , Part 2 . " Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Scott Maney of Wellesley , Massachusetts , advertised a trampoline on Craigslist Maney 's writeup poked fun at his kids and went viral His trampoline sold in less than 24 hours
CNN  -- Jesse Owens ' 1936 gold medal sold for $ 1,466,574 at auction Sunday , setting a record for the highest price ever paid for Olympic memorabilia . New owner Ron Burkle , a billionaire investor and co-owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins hockey team , plans to use it for a future educational tour of historic pieces . This medal is considered one of the most important in Olympics history and is one of four Owens won at the 1936 games in Berlin , spoiling Adolf Hitler 's planned showcase of Aryan superiority . Imagine the shock to Nazi Party elites when a black American , the son of a sharecropper and a grandson of slaves , stared down fascist propaganda , bested his rivals and took home four gold medals . Documentary explores Jesse Owens ' life beyond victory Hitler was furious , but tens of thousands of ordinary Germans cheered him on . Owens won the 100 - and 200-meter sprints , the long jump and ran the opening leg for the winning 4x100-meter U.S. relay team . "  It leaves one nearly speechless to behold this medal . It survives as one of the world 's most poignant symbols of triumph , " the vice president of SCP Auctions , Dan Imler , said in a statement . No one knows where the other three original medals are , the auction house said . Owens gave this medal to friend Bill "  Bojangles " Robinson a few years after the Olympics , and the late entertainer 's widow , Elaine Plaines-Robinson , sold the medal , the auction house said . The forgotten godfathers of black American sport Owens never cashed in on his Olympic glory . Instead of earning a living from his extraordinary athleticism , he ended up opening a dry cleaning business and occasionally raced against horses at the behest of promoters . "  People said it was degrading for an Olympic champion to run against a horse , but what was I supposed to do ? " Owens once said , according to an ESPN.com article . "  I had four gold medals , but you ca n't eat four gold medals . " Owens eventually made a good living in public relations and as a public speaker . He died in 1980 . Opinion : Haunting lesson of Nazi Olympics CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Jesse Owens ' only remaining gold medal sells at auction for nearly $ 1.5 million It 's the highest price ever paid for Olympic memorabilia New owner Ron Burkle , co-owner of the Pittsburgh Penguins , plans to put in on tour It is unclear what happened to Owens ' three other medals
CNN  -- A 30,000-ton luxury cruise ship outran pirates off the coast of Yemen this weekend , the ship 's owner said Monday . File image of the Nautica in Sydney Harbor The Nautica was in an area patrolled by international anti-piracy task forces when two small skiffs appeared to try to intercept it , Oceania spokesman Tim Rubacky said . The ship took evasive maneuvers and accelerated to its full speed of 23 knots or 27 mph . One of the smaller craft closed to within 300 yards and fired eight rifle shots at the cruise ship , he said , but the ship was able to pull away . It was the first report of a pirate attack on a passenger ship of its size this year , said Cyrus Mody of the International Maritime Bureau , which runs a piracy reporting center . "  There have been a couple of passenger yachts hijacked , but they were much smaller , " he said . It is "  quite common " for pirates to target ships the size of the Nautica and even larger , he said , but they tend to be cargo ships , not passenger vessels . Map of pirate activity in the area " The Nautica escaped without damage or injury to its 684 passengers and 400 crew , and arrived safely on schedule in Salalah , Oman early on Monday morning , Rubacky said . He emphasized that the ship was not off the coast of Somalia , which has become a base for pirates , but off the coast of Yemen . The International Maritime Bureau has issued piracy warnings for both areas . The Nautica was in a Maritime Safety Protection Area which is patrolled by international anti-piracy task forces , Rubacky underlined . But the International Maritime Bureau 's Mody warned that there was only so much navies could do even in that zone . "  The zone has been created to enable navies to patrol and concentrate on a much smaller area than the entire Gulf , " he said . "  But , saying that , it is still a large area . Vessels do not automatically get guaranteed safe passage even if they use it . " The Nautica left Rome November 18 on a 32-day cruise to Singapore . It was the first time one of the company 's cruise ships had encountered possible pirates , Rubacky added . He said the company did not plan to change routes to avoid the area , which has seen increasingly audacious piracy in recent months . "  We 're not considering re-routing as the Gulf of Aden is the most viable gateway from the Med to Asia , " he said . On Sunday , an official from the Kenya Seafarers Association said pirates have reached a deal with the owners of a Ukrainian ship loaded with arms that was seized more than two months ago . "  A deal has been reached to free the MV Faina . Talks on how to deliver the ransom money are ongoing , " Andrew Mwangura of the association told CNN . It is not clear how long those talks will take , but the ship could be freed as soon as an agreement has been reached . The ship , which is laden with Soviet-era tanks , tank artillery shells , grenade launchers and small arms , was seized on September 25 . It was heading for Kenya , whose government had bought the weapons from Ukraine , Ukrainian Defense Minister Yuri Yekhanurov said , according to the Interfax-Ukraine news agency . The pirates originally asked for a $ 35 million ransom , but lowered their demand to $ 20 million , he said . The Faina is owned and operated by Kaalbye Shipping Ukraine , and its crew includes citizens of Ukraine , Russia and Latvia , the Navy said .	Nautica was in area patrolled by international anti-piracy task force Two small skiffs appeared and tried to intercept it , spokesman said One of the boats closed to within 300 yards and fired eight rifle shots Report : Deal reached Sunday over hijacked Ukrainian arms ship
CNN  -- Nearly two decades after the Srebrenica massacre left thousands of Muslim boys and men dead , a former Bosnian Serb intelligence chief was sentenced Wednesday to life in prison for his role in their slaughter . The Yugoslavia war crimes tribunal found Zdravko Tolimir guilty of genocide , conspiracy to commit genocide and other crimes committed in the eastern Bosnian town of Srebrenica , which was overrun by Serb forces in 1995 in what later was described as the worst atrocity on European soil since the Second World War . The killings , part of the war 's so-called "  ethnic cleansing , " were carried out by ultra-nationalist forces bent on carving up Bosnia based on religious and ethnic affiliations . Between 6,000 and 8,000 people were killed in the massacre , according to the United Nations . The court , based at The Hague , Netherlands , found that "  the harm inflicted upon these men rises to the level of serious bodily and mental harm and constitute acts of genocide . " Tolimir 's trial had been one of 12 criminal proceedings reviewed by the United Nation 's International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia , which has indicted 161 people for "  serious violations of humanitarian law " occurring between 1991 and 2001 . Tolimir is thought to have been a top aide to Ratko Mladic , a Bosnian Serb military commander captured in Serbia in 2011 . Mladic was considered the last of the top commanders of the war to be accounted for and is currently on trial at The Hague for genocide . The 1992 to 1995 war in Bosnia war left tens of thousands dead , and hundreds of thousands displaced .	NEW : Between 6,000 and 8,000 people were killed in the massacre , the U.N. says The Bosnian town of Srebrenica was overrun by Serb forces in 1995 It was later described as the worst atrocity on European soil since the Second World War The killings were carried out by ultra-nationalist forces bent on carving up Bosnia
So far , it least , it looks like a coalition of the not-so-willing to help President Barack Obama combat ISIS . Public statements of support from key allies have yet to be matched by concrete commitments to the proposed coalition , particularly for expanded military strikes against the Sunni jihadists rampaging through northern Iraq from Syria . Secretary of State John Kerry 's swing through the Middle East this week garnered broad pledges of backing , but few specifics made public . In Turkey on Friday , Kerry met with top leaders and told reporters of positive meetings , but he announced no details regarding possible contributions from one of Syria 's neighbors . Kerry : More than 40 countries offered assistance "  It 's just not appropriate to start laying out , as we are in the process of talking to all these countries , which country is doing what , " he told reporters . "  Next week , I 'll be testifying before Congress and we 'll have more of the reports back in as others are talking to various countries and we 'll have a better sense of where we stand on that . " He added : "  I will tell you this : More than 40 countries had already offered assistance of one kind or another before I left Washington . " Earlier this week , Sunni Gulf states needed by Obama to legitimize regional support for going after ISIS put a qualifier on military contributions , saying they would participate "  as appropriate . " Meanwhile , NATO partners Britain and Germany have sent mixed signals on participating in airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria , while France ruled it out but committed to military support in Iraq . Difficulty getting a coalition "  There is likely to be a lot of difficulty getting a coalition beyond a limited approach , especially regarding U.S. efforts to attack ISIS in Syria , " said Faysal Itani , a fellow at the Atlantic Council 's Rafik Hariri Center for the Middle East . Different countries have different reasons to be wary of getting fully involved in the U.S.-led coalition . For example , Turkey has internal political considerations , as well as 49 Turkish diplomats taken hostage by ISIS , Itani noted . U.S. officials say Turkey has taken steps to cut the flow of money to ISIS and denied entry to or deported several thousand foreign fighters heading to Syria to join the extremists . Now they look for Turkey to stop oil exports from ISIS-held areas that bring more funding to the group . While Iraq 's new government will fully join the U.S.-led strategy announced this week by Obama , major regional players including Turkey , Egypt and Saudi Arabia were unlikely to be as supportive , Itani said . "  Quiet cooperation " Even staunch U.S. ally Jordan , a certain backer , would likely choose what Itani called "  quiet cooperation . " "  They 're not going to come out all guns blazing and engage jihadists , " he said . Obama 's strategy represents a potential milestone in the growing regional conflict , which involves Syria 's civil war , Iraq 's continuing instability and the emergence of the extremists known as ISIS , ISIL and Islamic State into a potent and growing terrorist force that controls an area larger than the United Kingdom . In his nationally televised speech Wednesday to present the strategy , Obama called for airstrikes on ISIS targets in Iraq and Syria to "  hunt down terrorists who threaten our country , wherever they are . " He also announced more military aid and other support for Iraqi forces and Syrian opposition groups fighting ISIS extremists on the ground , as well as increased counterterrorism efforts to cut off the group 's funding and the flow of foreign fighters from Europe and elsewhere joining its ranks . The goal , he said , was to "  dismantle and ultimately destroy " ISIS . Itani , however , called the ultimate objective unattainable and said that reality made regional nations cautious about joining the coalition effort . Degrade realistic ; destroy "  not going to happen " "  Degrade might be realistic . Destroy is not going to happen , " he said , noting that wiping out ISIS would require a ground campaign . He also called unrealistic any expectation that Sunni nations in the region would send combat troops to take on ISIS , saying , "  I 'm sure it would make the administration 's life easier , but it 's not going to happen . " "  This whole thing has been covered by deep suspicions and doubts about whether the United States is truly committed to destroying this group , " Itani said . Obama has ruled out U.S. troops on the ground in Iraq and by extension Syria , leaving it Iraqi forces as well as Syrian opposition groups that are fighting both the government of President Bashar al-Assad and ISIS . "  Ultimately , the responsibility for taking the fight to ISIL on the ground in Syria can and should be Syrian fighters , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Friday . "  And the question is what kind of support can we offer them . And it 's the President 's view that the international community can provide support to them in two ways . One is ramping up our training and equipping mission . And two is the deployment of American and allied airstrikes in support of their efforts on the ground . " So far , though , no allies have signed on to joining U.S. airstrikes on ISIS targets in Syria . France ruled it out completely , pledging military aid to Iraqi forces include Kurdish fighters in the north , while officials in Britain and Germany gave conflicting responses that signaled internal debate influenced by domestic politics .	Secretary Kerry meets with Middle East allies on anti-ISIS efforts Too early to announce nation-by-nation contributions , Kerry says Analyst : "  Quiet cooperation " more likely to avoid jihadist backlash
Washington  CNN  -- Prescription drug overdose is now the fastest-growing drug problem in the country , surpassing the number of people who overdosed during both the crack cocaine epidemic of the 1980s and the black tar heroin epidemic of the 1970s combined , the Obama administration says . The problem is so severe , the administration is releasing a plan to combat what it calls a crisis of epidemic proportions . "  The toll our nation 's prescription drug abuse epidemic has taken in communities nationwide is devastating , " said Gil Kerlikowske , White House director of national drug control policy . "  We share a responsibility to protect our communities from the damage done by prescription drug abuse . " According to the Office of National Drug Control Policy , in 2007 about 28,000 people died from drug overdoses . Most were accidental and were related to prescription drugs . "  Today , we are making an unprecedented commitment to combat the growing problem of prescription drug abuse , " said Vice President Joe Biden as he announced the administration 's plan Tuesday morning . "  The government , as well as parents , patients , health care providers , and manufacturers all play a role in preventing abuse . This plan will save lives , and it will substantially lessen the burden this epidemic takes on our families , communities , and workforce . " The effort , called "  Epidemic : Responding to America 's Prescription Drug Abuse Crisis , " is primarily aimed at cracking down on abuse of opioids , some of the most powerful pain relievers on the market . Opioids are a class of drugs used to treat chronic pain and include products like OxyContin , Vicodin , Darvon , Dilaudid and Demerol . When abused they can be highly addictive . Prescriptions for these painkillers have increased dramatically over the past 10 years . In 2000 pharmacies filed 174 million opioid prescriptions . By 2009 that number was 257 million . According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , over the past five years , hospital emergency room visits linked to prescription drug abuse or misuse have doubled . "  Unintentional drug overdose is a growing epidemic in the U.S. and is now the leading cause of injury death in 17 states , " said Dr. Thomas Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  There are effective and emerging strategies out there to address this problem . Support for this action plan will help us implement those strategies which will go a long way to save lives and reduce the tremendous burden this problem has on our health care system and our society . " The plan seeks to reduce abuse and drug diversion , educate both parents and health care providers , find better ways to dispose of unused pills , and beef up enforcement efforts by clamping down on pill mills and doctor shopping . The Food and Drug Administration will provide support by requiring an opioids Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy to determine that a drug 's benefits outweigh its risks . Under this process , drug manufacturers must make educational materials on proper prescribing and disposal available to anyone writing prescriptions for long-acting and extended-release painkillers . The agency must approve all materials before they are released . "  Long-acting and extended-release opioid drugs have benefit when used properly and are a necessary component of pain management for certain patients , but we know that they pose serious risks when used improperly , with serious negative consequences for individuals , families and communities , " said FDA Commissioner Dr. Margaret Hamburg . "  The prescriber education component of this opioid  risk evaluation and mitigation strategy  balances the need for continued access to these medications with stronger measures to reduce their risks . " Thirty-five states already have prescription drug monitoring programs in place that help track how prescriptions are prescribed and distributed by authorized healthcare providers and pharmacies . The program 's main goal is to prevent abuse and diversion at the retail level . Under the new plan , agencies will work to establish prescription drug monitoring programs in every state . The Drug Enforcement Agency will be heavily involved in enforcement , recovering prescription drugs , and focusing on doctors who illegally prescribe and dispense these drugs . They will also target "  doctor shoppers " -- people who visit multiple doctors to secure multiple prescriptions and pill mills . "  When abused , prescription drugs are just as dangerous and just as addictive as drugs like methamphetamine or heroin , " DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said . "  The more we can do to stop the abuse of prescription drugs , the more effective we will be in reducing the death , destruction and despair that accompanies all drug abuse . " A number of other federal agencies will also be involved in the effort , including the departments of Health and Human Services , Justice , Defense and Veterans Affairs .	Abuse of prescription drugs is reaching epidemic proportions , the administration says A new effort to combat the problem is being launched Biden : The plan will "  lessen the burden this epidemic takes on our families "
CNN  -- A U.S. Navy crew rescued more than 100 men from a raft in rough water in the central Mediterranean on Wednesday , the service said . The news release said 128 men ranged in age from 20 to 30 and were taken aboard the USS San Antonio , an amphibious transport dock ship . A patrol aircraft from Malta spotted the raft being rocked by winds and waves . The San Antonio , which was 60 nautical miles away , answered a call from the Maltese government . The Navy crew used two 11-person boats to rescue the men from the raft , which was about 75 nautical miles southwest of Malta , according to Maltese officials . The Navy did n't say whether anyone was injured . The Maltese military said the men were migrants from Somalia . A Maltese military statement said the men would be taken to Maltese Grand Harbour and turned over to the Maltese coast guard . The Mediterranean has been the site of two deadly shipwrecks in recent weeks in which nearly 400 people have been killed . Official : 31 dead , 200 rescued after ship capsizes near Lampedusa Lampedusa , not far from Sicily and the closest Italian island to Africa , has become a destination for tens of thousands of refugees seeking to enter European Union countries -- and such fatal maritime accidents are all too common . The 684-foot long San Antonio normally has a crew of 363 and is a part of the U.S. 6th Fleet . Migrants appear undeterred , even after deadly shipwrecks Vessel capsizes off Miami ; 4 dead , 11 rescued	NEW : Maltese authorities say the men were migrants from Somalia The men were stuck on a raft being rocked by wind and rough water The Navy did n't describe their conditions , said they ranged from 20 to 30 years old The Mediterranean Sea has seen deadly accidents in the past few weeks
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- An attack that killed 25 people , mostly students , at a Nigerian school Monday night appeared to be "  an inside job " in which the gunmen called out the names of their targets , a police spokesman told CNN Tuesday . "  The attackers went to the houses of the victims , called them out by their names and killed them , " Adamawa State Police spokesman Mohammed Ibrahim said . "  They used guns and knives on the victims . " Some of the victims ' throats were slit , he said . The armed men attacked a student facility at the Federal Polytechnic , a university in Mubi , Nigeria , Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency spokesman Yuhau Shuaib said . Suicide bomb kills 2 at Nigerian church Among the 25 killed were 19 Federal Polytechnic students and three students from the School of Health and Technology , Ibrahim said . The three others killed were a school official , a former military man and an older gentleman , he said . Investigators are trying to determine if the attack was related to upcoming campus elections , he said . "  We believe this was an inside job . " "  By God 's grace , in the next few days we will have some suspects , " he said Mubi is in northeast Nigeria near the border with Cameroon . Opinion : Nigeria is a sinking ship , but we must not desert it	NEW : The 25 people killed include 22 students , a police official says NEW : "  We believe this was an inside job , " the official says NEW : Attackers called victims out by their names and killed them , " he says The attack happened at a university in Mubi , Nigeria
CNN  -- A Canadian woman who said actor Alec Baldwin promised her "  omelets every morning " for the rest of her life after a sexual encounter was found guilty Thursday of stalking and harassing the "  30 Rock " star . A judge sentenced Genevieve Sabourin , 41 , to 210 days in jail for the five counts , as well as for violating a protection order and for a contempt of court ruling issued after her repeated outbursts in court . The three-day trial in a New York City court included tearful testimony from Baldwin , who denied he had a romantic relationship with Sabourin as she claimed . The judge also issued a protection order prohibiting the stalker from contacting Baldwin and his wife , Hilaria Baldwin , in any way for five years . "  Now that it 's finally over , we feel safe , relieved and happy to move forward , " Halaria Baldwin said in a statement after the verdict . "  We 're grateful to assistant district attorney Zachary Stendig , the judge and everyone who supported us and helped provide us with peace of mind . " Sabourin is a Canadian actress who met Baldwin in 2002 during a movie production , according to testimony . He was married to actress Kim Basinger at the time , so Sabourin did n't call the number he slipped to her , she testified . Promises of endless breakfasts , woman says But nearly a decade later , Baldwin took her to a Broadway play and dinner in Manhattan , she testified . The date ended the next morning , after they had sex in her hotel room and he made romantic promises , Sabourin testified . "  I make the best omelets in the world , and I 'd be happy to make you omelets every morning for the rest of your life , " she quoted the actor as saying . But Baldwin testified they were never a romantic couple and she only imagined their relationship . "  You 're lying ! " Sabourin shouted at the actor in the courtroom . Her repeated interruptions during testimony eventually drew a contempt of court ruling , which added 30 days to her sentence . Sabourin was arrested by New York Police after an April 8 , 2012 , attempt to visit the actor at his Manhattan apartment building . Hilaria Baldwin , who was then engaged to him , told the doorman that Sabourin was a stalker and that she would call police , the building doorman testified . Sabourin called Hilaria a prostitute and another derogatory term before leaving the building , the doorman said . Seeking ` closure , ' not stalking , she says Sabourin cried at one point in her testimony , complaining how everyone finds their love , as companions , but that she now knows she made the wrong choice with Baldwin . The incidents of stalking were attempts at finding "  closure , " she said . She sent him numerous e-mails and voicemails along the way . CNN obtained copies of the e-mails . "  I am less than 10 minutes away from you tonight . Say ' I do ' to me , " one e-mail says . In another e-mail , she said she was ready to get married . "  I need to start my new life with my new name ... in my new country , help my newly husband , you ! " In another e-mail , she admits defeat . "  I may have lost all the battles to win your heart over in the past two years , but I 've learn  sic  so much , " it says . Wiping away tears as he testified , Baldwin said Sabourin 's stalking made him anxious and worried for his safety . She showed up unannounced at his New York home on the day he proposed to his now-wife , the actor said . Days later , she allegedly crashed an event the actor was hosting at New York City ` s Lincoln Center . Baldwin has admitted they had dinner once in 2010 , but said that was it . They met through a mutual friend , he said . Both Baldwin and Sabourin worked on the 2002 flop "  The Adventures of Pluto Nash . " Baldwin has also appeared in numerous other movies , including "  It 's Complicated , " "  Glengarry Glen Ross " and "  Along Came Polly . " His past is checkered with various conflicts , including an infamous berating of his then-young daughter Ireland in 2007 as a "  rude , thoughtless little pig , " a run in with American Airlines over his playing Words with Friends on a flight , and various scuffles with paparazzi . Unlike the actor , who did n't say a word about the case to reporters , Sabourin basked in the media spotlight . She grinned widely as she shared her side of the story with a group of reporters . "  I 'm not gon na take a reduced plea for a crime I have not committed , " she said before the verdict and sentencing . Sabourin has been arrested several times , including late last year for violating a court order by allegedly sending a series of tweets to Baldwin and his wife . Lawyer : She told the truth Her lawyer , Todd Spodek , called her "  a wonderful human being " when speaking to reporters after the trial . Sabourin never intended to "  harass , annoy , alarm , stalk , violate an order of protection , " Spodek said . "  Her intent was clear , that she wanted closure from this relationship , " Spodek said . "  And , unfortunately , the judge did n't follow my logic , but I stand by it , and I believe that was the case . " He said she "  absolutely " told the truth when she testified that she was romantic with Baldwin and had sex during a 2011 date . "  I think she testified truthfully , candidly , and I think the judge believed her , " Spodak said . "  It 's just that even if they did have a relationship , it does n't mean it 's a defense to the crime . " After she is released from jail -- which her lawyer estimates will be in about five months -- Sabourin plans to return to Canada "  and pursue acting , and you know , the film industry and the entertainment industry there , the lawyer said . CNN 's Jane Caffrey , Nichelle Turner and Pamela Brown contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Now that it 's finally over , we feel safe , relieved and happy , " Hilaria Baldwin says "  Her intent was clear , that she wanted closure from this relationship , " lawyer says Alec Baldwin denies he had ever had a romantic relationship with Genevieve Sabourin Sabourin claims Baldwin promised omelets every day for life after having sex on a date
CNN  -- Caroline Kennedy , who was widely considered the front-runner for an appointment to replace Hillary Clinton as U.S. senator from New York , will remove herself from consideration for that post , according to three Democratic sources . Democratic sources said Caroline Kennedy has withdrawn her name from consideration for the Senate seat . Sources told CNN that , as of about 8 p.m. Wednesday , she had not yet informed New York Gov. David Paterson of her decision . And as the evening wore on , confusion still surrounded the situation -- sources telling CNN they were unsure of exactly where the decision stood . The 51-year-old daughter of President John F. Kennedy indicated her interest in filling the seat after Clinton was nominated to be U.S. secretary of state . Clinton was sworn in to her new position after being confirmed by the Senate on Wednesday . Since President Obama selected Clinton for the post , virtually all of the buzz about her replacement centered around Kennedy . But as the weeks dragged on , polling showed her popularity among New Yorkers dwindling . Kennedy 's decision to bow out comes a day after her uncle , Sen. Edward Kennedy , suffered a seizure at a luncheon after Obama 's inauguration . Doctors said the seizure was triggered by fatigue . Sen. Kennedy , 76 , was diagnosed with brain cancer last May . Paterson has the power to appoint the replacement for the vacated seat , who then faces a special election in 2010 to fill out Clinton 's term . Earlier this week Paterson said he was close , but had not yet picked Clinton 's replacement . Earlier in the week , Paterson said he may interview "  a candidate or two " while in Washington for the inauguration . He added that he could settle on a choice "  by this weekend . " Before this year , Caroline Kennedy 's forays into the public sphere were generally limited to nonpartisan activity , penning books on civil liberties and serving as the de facto guardian of her father 's legacy . "  I would be an unconventional choice -- I have n't followed a traditional path , but I think I bring a lifetime of experience to this , " she told NY1 last month . The comment came during a media blitz after she had been criticized for remaining cloistered since her name was floated for the job . There are a slew of high-profile candidates for Clinton 's Senate seat , including New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , whose last name carries some star power of its own in New York , where his father , Mario Cuomo , was once governor . A poll earlier this month showed slightly more New Yorkers would rather Cuomo be appointed than Kennedy .	Caroline Kennedy had spoken publicly about her desire for Clinton 's Senate seat Gov. David Paterson is charged with appointing replacement until special election Kennedy is the daughter of former President John F. Kennedy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The daughter of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been axed by a BBC television show after she made an offensive "  off-air " remark , the corporation has confirmed . Margaret Thatcher  left  and her daughter Carol Thatcher in Southampton , England in June 2008 According to reports in the British media , Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "  golliwog " back stage during the filming of The One Show last Thursday . The remark was made about a male tennis player taking part in the Australian Open tournament in Melbourne . The term is an offensive word for black people used in several countries . She was immediately challenged about her gaffe but dismissed it as a "  joke . " The BBC said it considered "  any language of a racist nature wholly unacceptable , " before adding that it had hoped Thatcher , 55 , would issue an unconditional apology but she had declined to do so . The remark is thought to have upset a number of people on the show , with one BBC spokesman quoted by The Times newspaper as saying : "  We will no longer be working with Carol Thatcher on The One Show . " However , the corporation said on its Web site that she would not be banned from the BBC as a whole . Thatcher 's agent is now demanding an apology from the BBC , the corporation reported Wednesday . Meanwhile , Thatcher 's spokesman told The Times Wednesday that she made the remark in a conversation with the show 's presenter Adrian Chiles back stage . "  Carol never intended any racist comment , " he said . "  She made a light aside about this tennis player and his similarity to the golliwog on the jam pot when she was growing up . There 's no way , obviously , that she would condone any racist comment -- we would refute that entirely . It would not be in her nature to do anything like that . "  It is disgusting that we 've had a leak of private conversations in the green room -- the BBC has more leaks than Thames Water . " The Golliwog first appeared as a character in an 1895 book , "  The Adventures of Two Dutch Dolls , " described by author Florence Kate Upton as "  a horrid sight , the blackest gnome . " Based on a black minstrel doll Upton played with as a child , the character inspired early 20th-Century dolls by several manufacturers and was used as the trademark of James Robertson & Sons , a British jam and preserve maker , in the early 1900s . The term "  wog " became a widely used racial slur for dark-skinned people that grew in popularity among some Britons during World War II . As late as the 1960s , soldiers in Great Britain 's Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders military regiment wore a brooch of one of the Robertson characters for each Arab they killed , according to the Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia at Ferris State University in Big Rapids , Michigan . The term "  golliwog " is used as racial slur in Germany , England , Ireland , Greece and Australia , according to the museum 's Web site . Carol Thatcher , a winner in 2005 of reality television show "  I 'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ! , " was a regular contributor on the BBC prime-time show .	Carol Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a "  golliwog " backstage Thatcher , 55 , described her comment as a "  joke " BBC axed her as a contributer from the prime-time television show Thatcher spokesman : "  Carol never intended any racist comment "
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Even surrounded by hundreds of her flamboyant outfits , Dame Vivienne Westwood cuts an attention-grabbing figure . Presenting a world of fashion to Anjali Rao , Vivienne Westwood was happiest to talk about practically anything else . In Hong Kong for the opening of a traveling retrospective of her work , she arrived at the exhibition , her characteristic red hair contrasting with her pale complexion , with a small entourage of suitably fashionable and vaguely mysterious looking characters in tow . As she folded herself into a chair for the Talk Asia interview , the entourage settled in the background -- some blending in with the grand designs of the exhibition , others , like Carlo , a small , bald man wearing dark glasses , providing more of a contrast . Things did n't begin as well as they could have . Wearing a splendid pair of high heels and a black wrap dress with cuts and slashes entwined with what looked to an untutored eye to be medical bandages , Dame Vivienne found the large , soft-looking armchair too hard and uncomfortable . It was duly swapped for a small plastic chair that looked hard and uncomfortable , but was more to her liking , taking to it like a fakir to a bed of nails . More comfortable then but not quite settled , the first question was greeted by a long pause and then a moment of mild panic for the production crew as she shut her eyes and put her head in her hands . But it was n't the question apparently , it was the too-cold and too-noisy air conditioning that was n't right . "  I 'm very sensitive to noise , " she said in her Yorkshire accent , before apologizing for having to change things about before she could start properly . "  I 'm alright when I get going , " she said with a reassuring smile . Softly spoken , many answers were peppered with pauses , hmms and rhetorical "  what am I trying says , " which often made it seem as if she 'd never been asked some of the questions before . More likely was that she was trying to approach them in a new way , making a different cut from an old pattern . "  I 've got a terrible memory ; it 's probably because I 'm always concentrating on what I 'm doing now , " she said in some way to explain her individual interview style , but probably revealed as much about how she 's managed to be so consistently imaginative and inventive over the years . Carlo from the entourage was eventually banished from her eyeline after one too many smirks and giggles at the mention of her former husband and partner in punk , Malcolm McLaren . She warmed most to the interview when she had the opportunity to express her views on everything apart from fashion , from how lucky the British are to have Prince Charles to the state of the media : "  It 's all boring . Journalists are usually quite jealous people , especially of intellectuals who are supposed to be in fashion . " At one point a few "  anyways " and "  what am I trying to says " led on to an enthusiastic extolling of a particular Chinese painting as the high point of human existence before things went on to how art has n't moved on since 17th century Dutch paintings and how young people today do n't have any imagination . As for her relationship with her partner Andreas Kronthaler , who was n't part of the day 's entourage : "  He could n't stand it if I was talking like this at home now , he 'd be off in the kitchen or doing something else . But he 's the most stimulating person I know . " While she was happy to talk about individual pieces of clothing at the exhibition , she was generally more content to pontificate than talk about punk , proving that in herself she was truer to the ethos of the term than the fashion style she helped popularize .	Interview in Hong Kong at opening of retrospective exhibition of her work Most animated when talking about everything apart from fashion On the media : "  It 's all boring . Journalists are usually quite jealous people . "
CNN  -- NASA announced an ambitious slate of launches Wednesday aimed at putting new eyes on the Earth and its atmosphere in 2014 . A total of five missions -- three satellites and two instruments that will be mounted on the International Space Station -- are scheduled to go into orbit between February and November , the U.S. space agency said . They 'll measure carbon dioxide in the air , water in the soil , rainfall , cloud layers and ocean winds , providing "  immediately useful " readings that will help improve both short-term weather forecasts and and long-term climate projections , said Michael Freilich , the director of NASA 's Earth Science Division . "  This tremendous suite of five new instruments and missions that will be launching this year will truly reinvigorate our observing system and expand it , " Freilich said . The launches come two years after the National Academy of Sciences warned that budget pressure , program delays and launch failures had left scientists facing a "  rapid decline " in Earth observations as the U.S. satellite fleet aged . NASA had called that 2012 report "  overly pessimistic . " Freilich said Wednesday that six more missions were ready to launch by the end of the decade , including satellites that help measure the dynamics of the polar ice sheets and measure human use of water in aquifers . The first of this year 's planned launches , the Global Precipitation Measurement Core Observatory , is set for February 27 . The satellite will be launched from Japan in a joint venture with that country 's space agency , NASA said . A second satellite , the Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 , is slated to go up in July from Vandenberg Air Force Base , in California . Its mission is to monitor the levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide blamed for rising global temperatures -- a controversial notion politically , but one accepted as fact by most scientists . The first OCO mission crashed into the sea in 2009 after failing to reach orbit . And in November , NASA hopes to launch its Soil Moisture Active Passive satellite , designed to produce high-resolution maps of water in the soil . That can help track droughts and improve the productivity of farmland , the agency says . Meanwhile , the two missions headed for the space station will be carried aloft by the private space contractor SpaceX , which began flying commercial cargo missions in 2013 . The ISS-RapidScat , which will record ocean winds -- important data for marine forecasts , hurricane tracking and climate research -- goes up on a SpaceX mission June 6 . The Cloud-Aerosol Transport System , which uses laser instruments to track small particles in the atmosphere , is scheduled for launch September 12 . The Obama administration 's recent decision to support the space station through 2024 has had "  a powerful enabling influence , " said Julie Robinson , NASA 's chief scientist for the ISS . The decision adds four years to the station 's planned lifetime -- an important step when it can take up to three years to develop a new instrument , she said . Unlike other Earth-science satellites , the station passes over different points on Earth at different times with each orbit . But while it lacks that consistency , it 's also up to 400 km  250 miles  closer to the planet , Robinson said . "  When you 're a little closer , you can see things in more detail , " she said . U.S. backs space station through 2024	NASA hopes to put five new instruments in orbit in 2014 The launches include three satellites and two devices mounted on the space station NASA says the missions will "  truly reinvigorate " its Earth observation network
CNN  -- At least eight people were killed Sunday as the Pakistani Taliban continued to attack candidates in that country 's upcoming elections , authorities said . The Pakistani Taliban , in a statement obtained by CNN , took responsibility for the bombings at the offices of candidates in Peshawar and the Orakzai Agency . The Taliban said it targeted secular candidates , but many parties have been hit by the increasing violence . "  A man can not be secular and Muslim at a time . These are two different doctrines in nature , " the statement said . The elections in May mark the first time in Pakistan 's history that one democratically elected government will give way to another . The nation has experienced three military coups , been ruled by generals for half its life , and it remains mired in near-constant political turmoil . Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud has told Pakistanis to stay away from the elections . "  We are not in favor of democracy , democracy is for Jews and Christians , " he said in recent propaganda video . "  They are intended to divide Muslims ; we want the implementation of Sharia  law  and for that jihad is necessary , " he added . Both attacks Sunday targeted independent candidates . Five people died and 22 were wounded by Sunday 's explosion in Orakzai , said Dilawar Khan Bangish , police chief of the Kohat District . In Peshawar , three people were killed and eight wounded , said Khalid Mehmood Hamdani , a senior police official . The bombings follow three attacks Saturday and one Friday . The Pakistani Taliban are closely linked with the group 's namesake in Afghanistan as well as with al Qaeda . It shares its religious extremist ideology -- but is its own distinct group that wants to replace the Pakistani government with an Islamist one . Elections are scheduled for May 11 . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility for bombings of candidates ' offices Group says secular elections are unacceptable Pakistan 's elections are to be held May 11
As a mother , I would understand completely if Lindsey Rogers-Seitz , a mother from Ridgefield , Connecticut , never wanted to get out of bed in the morning . If she did n't want to stop crying . If she could n't muster up the energy to do anything . Those would be expected responses to what she is coping with -- the "  unimaginable " is one word she uses to describe it -- but instead she 's on a mission . "  I guess what motivates me is Ben and what he would want me to do , " she said . Ben was the name of her 15-month-old son . On July 7 , Rogers-Seitz 's husband , Kyle , was supposed to drop Ben off at day care . The drop-off never occurred . Her husband drove to work and at the end of the day went to day care to pick Ben up , she said during an interview . When Ben was n't there , he asked the day care providers if his wife had picked him up earlier . When they told him no , he went to the car , found Ben and rushed him to the hospital , she said . Their little boy had died . Forty-four children died of heat stroke in cars in 2013 , and more than 500 have died in hot cars since 2000 , according to the child advocacy group KidsAndCars.org . The investigation into Benjamin Seitz 's death is still ongoing , according to the Ridgefield police and prosecutor . Last month , the Connecticut medical examiner determined the cause of death was hyperthermia because of environmental exposure and ruled the death a homicide . CNN Legal Analyst Paul Callan said the use of the word "  homicide " in the autopsy report does not necessarily mean that criminal charges will be filed in the case . "  In legal parlance , the term means that death was caused by another human being rather than by strictly natural causes , " said Callan . Rogers-Seitz has said she wo n't comment further on what happened that day , citing the ongoing investigation , but decided to go public to bring attention to National Heatstroke Prevention Day , Thursday , July 31 . "  Right now there 's a hole and it 's like a missing space where he used to be , " she said . "  And so I kind of feel like since he 's not here , a way that I can have that happiness again is to continue to live through him with what I think he would want me to do for other people and for ourselves , because this is healing for us , too . " Just three weeks after her son 's death , Rogers-Seitz , who also has two daughters , ages 5 and 8 , has created a blog called "  The Gift of Ben , " which she is using to bring attention to the number of children who die of heatstroke in cars and to press for action to save lives . We need to do more , she says , beyond public awareness campaigns . "  I just feel like public awareness has been around for years , and honestly I never paid any attention to it . I mean , we 're the all-American family , and we never in our lives understood how this happens . " She and her husband never understood how someone could actually forget their child was in the back seat of a car , much less that they themselves could do it , she said . "  I 've gone back in my head over and over a million times of that day , of what if ? " she said . What if she had contacted her husband and asked about drop-off ? What if she had done X , Y or Z ? Rogers-Seitz started reading anything she could get her hands on about child heatstroke in cars . She talked to nonprofit advocacy groups such as KidsAndCars.org , read what experts such as David Diamond , a psychology professor at the University of South Florida , have written about a phenomenon known as Forgotten Baby Syndrome , and studied the legislative stops and starts to try and save lives . "  And then I just started thinking , ` Wait a minute . You mean this has been around for over 10 years , ' " she said , referring to the problem of children dying in hot cars . She then learned about failed attempts to include a provision in previous legislation back in 2007 , which would require that cars include some way to remind drivers about passengers in the back when the car is turned off and the driver leaves the vehicle . She wondered why there is n't a law like that on the books now . Rogers-Seitz , who 's a lawyer , talked with her husband about making their family 's new mission the push for action against child vehicular heat stroke . OPINION : I , too , left my child in a hot car "  He 's an engineer , so we would sit together and he has his notepad , and he 's like drawing out ideas for devices of things that could be developed , and I 'm sitting here looking at the legal stuff . And we just kind of came together and said , you know , together as a family we 'd like to do this , " she said . She has since even drafted a bill , which she calls Benjamin 's Bill , and is using it as she reaches out to U.S. senators and representatives about options to consider .  She has so far talked with one U.S. senator and Senate and House staffers .  Her bill includes ideas such as having the Department of Transportation convene roundtable discussions with everyone from the automobile and car seat industries , to child safety advocates and victims , to academic and medical professionals . She also wants to see more funding for research and development for technology that would detect a child in the rear seat when the driver leaves the car . She 's backing a petition drive by KidsAndCars.org to urge the White House to authorize the Department of Transportation to provide funding for that research and development .  The group , which has more than 7,500 signatures , needed 100,000 by August 13 . The National Highway Transportation Safety Administration reviewed the technology that was available in 2012 , which included sensors that would detect the weight of a toddler in a car seat or restraint , when the ignition is off and a driver leaves the vehicle , and activate an alarm or alert . The agency determined sensors and other technology available at the time were not reliable enough . The technology "  just does n't seem to be there yet , " David Friedman , the agency 's acting administrator , told me in an interview in July . " ` Yet ' is an important word there , " he added . Rogers-Seitz believes the ideal technology would be devices such as sensors that detect the presence of the child in the car seat when the driver leaves the car , which she says should be installed in cars and car seats before you buy them -- not as voluntary accessories . She admits she probably would n't have purchased such a device , again because she never expected her family to experience this type of tragedy . But had there been technology already in her car or on their son 's car seat before both were purchased , Rogers-Seitz said , Benjamin would be with her today . "  Absolutely -- it would have saved his life . " Rogers-Seitz looks forward to a time , which she hopes will be soon , when the police investigation is wrapped up , and her husband is free of any possible charges and can speak out freely . "  He wants to tell the public how this happens so that people can think about it and be aware of it , and show why we need devices out there to help people . Because if you describe the mental state of how it happens to people very eloquently and clearly , it 's easier , I think , for them to understand . " It is still something that is "  beyond words , " she said , referring to the moment she saw her husband in the emergency room on that dreadful night . "  I 've never witnessed anything like that before . Nobody should ever witness that . " The family is trying to tune out the critics and harsh comments , including calls by some for Kyle Seitz to be charged , and is gaining strength from the support of family , friends and their daughters . Rogers-Seitz remembers how her youngest girl , whom she calls her "  sidekick , " comforted her with wise words in the days after Ben 's death : "  You know , we ca n't change what happened , but we can just move forward and live , " she said . As for Ben , she describes him as "  the happiest human being " she ever met , a boy who smiled and laughed every day and with his entire face , a boy people used to say was "  too pretty " to be a boy . The day before Ben was buried , Rogers-Seitz knew she was not ready to say goodbye . She wanted to find something permanent that she could carry with her -- a way to "  have him with me , " she said as she started to tear up . She headed to the mall and found a locket . She wears the half inscribed "  Son " around her neck , and Ben has the other half , inscribed "  Mom . " "  I realized that his heart is in my heart ... and that I always wanted to keep it with me , " she said holding back tears . "  Then I said I want him to have part of me too . " And now , she plans to keep his memory alive by helping others . "  He taught me , during the 15 months that he was here , the value of life and the potential that there is in life to do things meaningful . "	Benjamin Seitz is one of at least 19 children who 've died in hot cars in 2014 His mother is now trying to raise awareness and prevent more deaths Thursday , July 31 is National Heatstroke Prevention Day Ben 's mother believes more research is needed to create lifesaving technology
New Delhi  CNN  -- The story has all the stuff that sells : a sexy starlet , a powerful enemy spy agency and lots of bare flesh . Nude photographs of Pakistani actress Veena Malik , published in the December issue of the Indian edition of the men 's magazine FHM prompted Malik to threaten a lawsuit . Malik said FHM doctored photographs to show her without clothes . The magazine , however , denied those allegations . Malik , editor Kabeer Sharma said , posed nude . What made the photos even more scandalous was that Malik 's upper left arm bears the letters ISI , the acronym for Pakistan 's powerful Inter-Services Intelligence agency . In a legal notice served to the magazine , Malik contends that it was Sharma 's idea for her to wear the painted on ISI tattoo ; she was told t would be good for her image . And in another photo , which was originally slated for the cover , she is shown holding a grenade in her right hand . FHM published the grenade photo inside , with a line plastered across it : "  The cover we did n't use . " Sharma said the magazine opted not to use the photo on the cover because it "  could have offended sensibilities . " But the magazine has already incensed Malik . Lawyer Ayaz Bilawala told CNN that Malik is seeking $ 1.9 million in damages . Bilawala said the publication "  cheated " his client and doctored the nude pictures . "  Proceedings  in a court of law  will begin soon , " he said . FHM , Bilawala said , violated its agreement with the Pakistani model that stipulated that Malik would be shown the photos from the shoot before they were published . "  The pictures that are on display are tampered with , morphed and doctored , " he said . Bilawala did n't dispute the ISI print on Malik 's left upper arm but said numerous organizations worldwide used the same acronym . He refused comment on the grenade-like object . FHM India hinted at countersuing the actress . "  These allegations are completely and entirely false . We are exploring various other options , including filing a countersuit , " Sharma told CNN . Malik said she never agreed to pose nude , the prospect of which sparked outrage in her homeland . "  What I am doing takes a lot of guts , " she said . "  If I had posed nude for the magazine , I would be the first to admit it . But I did n't agree to this and they are wrong . "  I did not go for this , and I am deeply shocked and depressed about what has happened , " she said . But Malik is no stranger to controversy . She triggered uproar two years ago when she claimed that her former boyfriend , Pakistani cricketer Mohammed Asif , was involved in spot-fixing international matches . Asif was found guilty last month in an English court . A year later , the actress came under fire from Pakistani clerics who decried her behavior in the Indian reality TV show "  Big Boss , " as "  un-Islamic . " "  I am not a perfect Muslim or a perfect person , but I have n't committed a crime , and unfortunately things like this are part and parcel of the industry I work in , " Malik said . Still , she downplayed her criticism back home . "  I am not bothered about what they think , " she said . "  My fans and many Pakistanis support me and believe  in  me . " Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi and Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad , Pakistan .	The magazine , FHM India , denies Veena Malik 's allegation An attorney for Malik says nude photos in December issue were "  doctored " On cover , she holds what appears to be a grenade , has "  ISI " written on her left arm Malik 's attorney says the actress is seeking $ 1.9 million in damages
Rome  CNN  -- Missing : One small , round , golden container . Contents : The blood of the late , soon-to-be-canonized Pope John Paul II . If found , please notify Italian police and the church of San Pietro della Ienca . Officers from the Carabinieri , Italy 's military police , plan to comb the nearby mountains where John Paul used to vacation before his death in 2005 , hoping to find tracks in the snow that will lead them to whoever broke into the church and stole the item over the weekend , Carabinieri Col. Savino Guarino said . But investigators are also searching for the relic -- which holds a square bloodstained piece of cloth about 2 cm  3/4 inch  -- all over Italy , he said . The relic and a golden cross were the only things stolen from San Pietro , located near the city of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region , church members said . Pasquale Corriere , who helped restore the church , said the sanctuary was closed Friday and Saturday because of bad weather . Corriere suggested the thieves were looking specifically for the relic , since nothing else was touched -- not even the boxes that hold money for charity . John Paul 's former secretary , Cardinal StanisÅ ‚ aw Dziwisz , gave the relic to the church in 2011 "  to thank us for all that we did " for the visiting pontiff , said Corriere 's daughter Franca . "  I think it was stolen by someone very faithful to John Paul II , " she said . "  Really , I ca n't imagine who the thieves are . My only wish is that the relic is returned to us as soon as possible . " Guarino would n't comment on any possible motive for the theft . He said more than 50 carabinieri will be out searching Tuesday if the weather improves . John Paul II led the Roman Catholic Church for more than 26 years . The church plans to recognize him as a saint in April , along with Pope John XXIII , who is revered for his role in the Second Vatican Council . Man tries to sell stolen brains on eBay CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	A bloody swatch of John Paul II 's clothing is missing after a theft at an Italian church Police will attempt to track the thieves across fresh mountain snow The late pontiff 's secretary gave the swatch to the church after John Paul 's 2005 death
CNN  -- Mexican authorities say they 've detained the father-in-law of one of the country 's most wanted drug lords . Police Tuesday morning detained Ines Coronel Barreras , 45 , on drug-related charges , officials told reporters . He is the father-in-law of Sinaloa cartel leader Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , authorities said . In January , the U.S. Department of the Treasury described Coronel as a "  key Sinaloa cartel operative . " Weapons and packets of marijuana were seized in Tuesday 's operation , but no shots were fired , said Eduardo Sanchez Hernandez of Mexico 's interior ministry . Authorities said Coronel is the father of Guzman 's third wife , Emma Coronel Aispuro , whom he married in 2007 . Guzman 's nickname , which means "  shorty , " matches his 5-foot-6-inch frame , though he has climbed to great heights in the drug business . The Sinaloa cartel is one of Mexico 's most powerful drug-trafficking operations , and Forbes has estimated Guzman 's net worth at $ 1 billion . U.S. authorities arrested a woman believed to be Guzman 's daughter in October . She was deported in December after she pleaded guilty in federal court to possession of a false visa . Coronel 's arrest is one of the most significant blows to organized crime in Mexico since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December . The high-profile arrest comes two days before U.S. President Barack Obama is scheduled to arrive in Mexico . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : Marijuana and weapons are seized during the arrest Ines Coronel Barreras is arrested on drug-related charges He is the father-in-law of Sinaloa cartel leader "  El Chapo " Guzman Authorities say no shots were fired during his arrest
CNN  -- The United Kingdom said Saturday it plans to send a warship to the Persian Gulf , a move that follows Western criticism of Iranian threats to close the Strait of Hormuz . The UK Ministry of Defense described the deployment of the HMS Daring as "  long-planned " and "  entirely routine . " The destroyer will replace a frigate stationed in the area , it said . Still , in the past two weeks both U.S. and British defense officials have denounced any move by Iran to close the strait , the only outlet from the Persian Gulf and a key trade route for oil . Iran threatened in late December to block the strait if sanctions were imposed on its oil exports . France , Britain , and Germany have all proposed such sanctions to punish Iran for lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . The strait is a critical shipping lane , through which 17 million barrels of oil passed per day in 2011 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency . Analysis : Saber-rattling in Strait of Hormuz Rear Adm. Ali Fadavi , of Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps , said last month the world could not last 24 hours without Persian Gulf oil , and that Iran is capable of closing the strait . "  Today , out of the 1,300 billion barrels of oil in the world , 800 billion barrels are in the Persian Gulf , " Fadavi told Iran 's Press TV . The U.S. Navy said the threat to block the strait is unacceptable , as the flow of goods and services is vital not only to the region but to the world . "  Anyone who threatens to disrupt freedom of navigation in an international strait is clearly outside the community of nations ; any disruption will not be tolerated , " Cmdr. Amy Derrick Frost , spokeswoman for the U.S. 5th Fleet based in Bahrain , said at the time . Earlier this week , Britain 's secretary of state for defense , Philip Hammond , warned that any Iranian attempt to close the strait would be illegal and unsuccessful . "  Disruption to the flow of oil through Straits of Hormuz would threaten regional and global economic growth , " Hammond said in a speech in Washington on Thursday . State media said Friday that Iran plans to conduct military drills in the strait in February under the name "  The Great Prophet . " An IRGC commander told Press TV the drills would be different from previous ones , though just how was n't clear . Iran launched a 10-day drill in the strait in late December . Physically closing the strait would require means that likely are not available to Iran , said Professor Jean-Paul Rodrigue of Hofstra University . "  At best , Iran can posture and potentially disrupt traffic for a short duration , " said Rodrigue , who specializes in global trade and maritime transportation issues . Frost said Navy "  maintains a robust presence in the region to deter or counter destabilizing activities , " and works to allow commercial shipping to operate freely .	NEW : The UK plans to send a warship to the Persian Gulf Iran says it will hold military drills next month Iran launched a 10-day drill in the strait in late December Iran threatens to block the strait if sanctions are imposed on its oil export
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Chinese military continues to increase spending on efforts to break into U.S. military computer systems , expand its Navy , and invest in intercontinental nuclear missiles and weapons to destroy satellites , according to the latest U.S report on China 's military power . Chinese military officers after a meeting about the People 's Liberation Army in 2007 . The annual report from the Pentagon to Congress says China 's total military spending in 2007 was between $ 97 billion and $ 139 billion , but it is hard to tell exactly how much was spent and on what . In comparison , the U.S. military budget request for 2008 is $ 481.4 billion , not including war requests . Pentagon officials said a chunk of China 's spending went to cyberwarfare , because 2007 saw several "  intrusions " believed to be from the Peoples Liberation Army . In the incidents , unclassified U.S. military computer systems were broken into and information was taken , according to Pentagon officials . While the information taken was not classified , Pentagon officials said the worry is the Chinese hacking required many of the skills and capabilities that would also be required for a computer network attack . Last summer , a cyber-attack on Department of Defense computer systems took down the e-mail capability of hundreds of staffers for weeks , but the Pentagon still will not comment on who initiated the attack . It is widely believed among the military to have been the Peoples Liberation Army . China is also investing heavily in and fielding improved nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles and antisatellite missiles , according to the report . The United States expressed its concern last year after China fired a missile at one of its old satellites and destroyed it , sending thousands of dangerous pieces of space debris into orbit . The United States conducted a similar strike last month on a broken U.S. spy satellite before it re-entered the Earth 's atmosphere . U.S. officials said the satellite was hit and broke into thousands of small pieces that burned up as they re-entered Earth 's atmosphere . The United States is also concerned about the purchase of more submarines by the Chinese navy as well as plans for more aircraft carriers . The Chinese once had a small Navy . Now the United States is keeping an eye on the growing service amid concerns over Taiwan . The concerns include "  China 's near-term focus on preparing for contingencies in the Taiwan Strait , including the possibility of U.S. intervention , which is an important driver of its modernization , " the report says . Additionally , the Chinese have placed about 100 more short-range missiles on the shore opposite Taiwan in the past year , it says . Pentagon officials worry the continued increase in Chinese military spending is slowly tipping the balance of power between China and Taiwan in China 's favor . The United States has said it would help defend Taiwan if China invaded . The report also says the Peoples Liberation Army is "  pursuing comprehensive transformation from a mass army designed for protracted wars of attrition on its territory to one capable of fighting and winning short-duration , high-intensity conflicts along its periphery against high-tech adversaries . " Such an army , the report says , would have "  the greatest potential to compete militarily with the United States and field disruptive military technologies that could , over time , offset traditional U.S. military advantages . " The United States says the lack of transparency by the Chinese on its spending poses "  risks to stability by increasing the potential for misunderstanding and miscalculation , " and that China has yet to explain to the international community the purpose of its military expansion , Pentagon officials said . E-mail to a friend	Pentagon : Chinese military expanding its Navy , investing in weapons Officials worry China is trying to hack into U.S. military computers "  Intrusions " have already happened , officials say , though info was not classified Pentagon : China 's lack of transparency makes it hard to know the extent of activity
CNN  -- The singer Gil Scott Heron once declared that "  the revolution will not be televised . " Em Hall , the "  D.C. Goodwill Fashionista , " transformed Goodwill 's image with a witty blog . It is , however , going online . Social activism is being transformed by the Web . Some of the most creative forms of protest and philanthropy are taking place online . Activists are conducting demonstrations on YouTube , holding virtual fundraisers and using social network sites like Facebook to change the world -- one mouse-click at a time . These cyber-pioneers include a nonprofit group that uses animated 3-D characters to protest the global shortage of drinking water ; a Web company that allows ordinary people to create their own personalized charity ; and a Goodwill blogger who reshaped the thrift store 's image so thoroughly she was invited to New York Fashion Week . Ted Hart , co-author of "  People to People Fundraising : Social Networking and Web 2.0 for Charities , " says the Web has already become a crucial source for nonprofit fundraising . Americans donated $ 550 million online in 2001 , but that number grew to $ 10.4 billion in 2007 , he says . "  It 's a new world for a lot of nonprofit organizations , " Hart says . "  No longer is it good enough to say give us some money . The rules have changed . " Yet some people warn that this new world offers people an excuse to engage in "  drive-by activism , " superficial forms of cyber-activism that require little commitment . "  The Internet makes it very easy for people to jump in and out of social activism , " says Matthew Hale , assistant professor at Seton Hall University 's Center for Public Service . "  If all the activism is online , it is easier to quit than going to meetings every week . " Real change : online or in-person ? Yet the Web makes it easier for a nonprofit group to reach more people than a meeting ever could , one nonprofit group says . WaterPartners International is a U.S.-based nonprofit group that created a global campaign to create safe drinking water . Another company may have flown a spokesperson to an impoverished village and hired a film crew to promote their campaign . But WaterPartners says it saved money and time by putting its campaign online -- through animated , virtual characters built from actual people , says Nicole Wickenhauser , a company spokesperson . Daily Web traffic doubled to WaterPartners ' Web site during the campaign and the campaign attracted support from around the globe , Wickenhauser says . "  Real change is most often accomplished by committed individuals working together for a cause they feel passionately about , " Wickenhauser says . "  Whether they work together virtually or in person is less important . " Web-based activism not only enlarges the reach of social activists , it empowers ordinary people , its advocates say . In another time , a person had to find a charity to give their time and money to . Now they can create their own charity through Web sites like "  YourCause.com . " YourCause.com has been described as a MySpace for do-gooders . The new site allows a person to do everything a charity traditionally does -- raise money and awareness and recruit support -- all from a Web page designed especially for their needs . Matthew Combs , the site 's co-founder , says his site designs Web pages and vets charities for people who do n't have the time or expertise to do it themselves . "  It 's for people like the 73-year-old woman from New Jersey who created her own page to help out with a rare genetic defect she 's suffering from , " Combs says . "  There 's not a lot of 73-year-olds on MySpace . How do we make it easy as possible for them , but credible ? " Social network sites like MySpace are also throwing their support behind Web activists . MySpace has an "  Impact " page that connects users with political and charitable causes . YouTube recently launched a "  Nonprofits and Activism " channel . ` The reaction was priceless ' One of the most audacious forms of Web-based activism comes courtesy of Em Hall , also known by her blog name , the DC Goodwill Fashionista . When Goodwill of Greater Washington wanted to expand its customer base , its leaders devised a campaign to reach out to a younger , hipper crowd . The campaign 's centerpiece was Hall . In her witty blog , She dispensed fashion advice , conducted an online virtual fashion show and sold Goodwill clothing on eBay  she once sold an $ 11.98 suit for $ 175 on eBay . Hall 's blog averages 1,500 readers a week and has attracted readers from at least 100 countries , says Brendan Hurley , a Goodwill spokesman . Hall 's blog became so popular she was invited in September to Fashion Week , a high-octane fashion show that features the world 's most popular designers . Hall still recalls how Fashion Week officials acted when she told them what clothing label -- Goodwill -- she represented . "  The reaction was priceless , " she says . "  A look of confusion came across people 's faces as they desperately tried to figure out why Goodwill was at Fashion Week . " Despite the possibilities created by the Web , calling people to action still depends on people putting their bodies -- not just their mouse-clicks -- on the line , says Hale , the Seton Hall professor . "  All of the stuff you can do online ultimately has to show up in the real world , " Hale says . "  I do n't see the Internet as a substitute -LSB- for social activism -RSB- but as a complement to it . " Paul Loeb , author of "  The Soul of a Citizen , " a book that examines the psychology of social activism , also says online activism can be powerful but limited . He tells a story from his book to make his point . He says a friend took her kids to a protest against nuclear testing in front of the White House during the early 1960s . But she became dejected because only a few people joined her demonstration and then it rained . Years later , the same woman attended a major march against nuclear testing . Benjamin Spock , the best-selling author and pediatrician who opposed the Vietnam War , was a featured speaker . He told marchers that he was inspired to join the march after seeing a small group of women huddled with their kids in the rain while marching in front of the White House years earlier . "  I thought that if those women were out there , " Spock said , "  their cause must be really important . " "  He 's seeing these ragged women in the rain and it touches his heart and he ends up getting changed by that , " Loeb says . "  That story could n't exist in the virtual world . "	The Web unleashes new wave of cyber-activism Activists changing the world one mouse-click at a time The Web "  changes the rules " for nonprofit groups , expert says
CNN  -- UBS announced Thursday that rogue trading by one of its investment bank traders had cost the Swiss banking giant a staggering $ 2 billion . But while the loss would potentially be among the largest costs ever to a bank in unauthorized trading , it is far from the first . The UBS scandal revealed Thursday is the latest in a long list of unauthorized trades that have cost banks billions of dollars . From foreign currency trading to speculating on futures derivatives , a number of individual rogue traders have destabilized and even caused the collapse of their banks through unauthorized trades in the past twenty years alone . Jerome Kerviel -- $ 6 billion , Societe Generale In January 2008 , French trader Kerviel was arrested in Paris and accused of committing massive fraud that cost Societe Generale Bank nearly $ 6 billion . Kerviel was involved in the practice of arbitrage at the bank , buying a portfolio of financial instruments -- European index futures in Kerviel 's case -- in one market and selling a similar offsetting portfolio at the same time with a different value in order to minimize risk . Kerviel 's offsetting portfolio , however , was "  fictitious , " according to the bank , meaning Kerviel had in effect made an unhedged bet of a staggering $ 60 billion of Societe Generale 's money on European futures without the bank 's knowledge -- a bet that end up costing the bank roughly $ 6 billion . 33-year-old Kerviel , who was sentenced to three years in prison last year , insisted he was n't the only one doing this and that his bosses knew of and condoned his behavior while at the bank . "  During three years these managers earned colossal amounts of money out of bonuses based on the ever growing results that I was making for the bank , " he said . Yasuo Hamanaka -- $ 2.6 billion , Sumitomo Corporation Hamanaka was sent to prison for eight years in 1997 for fraud and forgery in the global copper market . The copper trader 's unauthorized deals ended up costing Japan 's Sumitomo Corporation $ 2.6 billion . Nicknamed "  Mr. Five Percent " in reference to the amount of the global copper market he was once estimated to control , Hamanaka was accused for years of price-fixing in order to generate exorbitant profits for Sumitomo . The one-time king of the copper market would have Sumitomo buy huge quantities of copper and store it for awhile in order to create an artificial shortage of the precious metal , thus driving up demand , before releasing smaller amounts of copper on commodities markets at extremely high prices . The decade-long scheme fell apart in 1996 , and in 1998 Sumitomo paid $ 150 million to regulators while refusing to admit or deny if the corporation knew about or condoned the actions of its rogue trader . Nick Leeson -- $ 1.3 billion , Barings Bank The British trader 's losses of over a billion dollars singlehandedly brought down Barings Bank , the former personal bank to Britain 's Queen , in 1995 . At first Leeson , a star trader in Barings ' Singapore branch , made huge profits in the early nineties by speculating on futures derivatives for the bank . A loophole in Barings ' oversight system allowed Leeson to settle his own deals , meaning he could set up fake accounts for non-existent clients -- and as his luck began to run out , this is precisely what he did , masking huge losses by placing them in a single secret account while making increasingly risky bets in an attempt to recoup the losses . In January 1995 , Leeson bet that the Japanese Nikkei index would rise after performing poorly the previous year , but his timing could not have been worse -- the Kobe earthquake on January 17th , the worst in Japan in 70 years , sent stock prices plummeting . His big bet having failed , Leeson attempted to flee back to the UK but was arrested and extradited back to Singapore , where he was sentenced to six and a half years in prison for financial misrepresentation . He served three before being released . The $ 1.3 billion in liabilities Leeson ran up wiped out 233-year-old Barings ' capital and reserves , and the bank collapsed . John Rusnak -- $ 700 million , Allfirst / Allied Irish Bank In February 2002 , AIB executives called the FBI after discovering that both roughly $ 700 million and 37-year-old trader John Rusnak had gone missing from work . Working for AIB 's Allfirst subsidiary in Baltimore , Maryland since 1993 , the foreign currency trader worked under the radar for nearly a decade , betting mostly on the price of the Japanese yen and racking up hundreds of millions of dollars in small losses that he attempted to hide in fabricated options contracts . Part of the reason Rusnak was able to perpetrate such massive fraud was poor supervision and financial controls at AIB -- although Rusnak 's trading limit was $ 2.5 million , by 2002 he was betting up to $ 7.5 billion  3,000 times his limit  of AIB 's money on currency movements , according to the Financial Times . AIB sold its scandal-hit Allfirst subsidiary in late 2002 , and Rusnak served over seven years in prison .	Jerome Kerviel cost Societe Generale $ 6 billion in unauthorized trading by 2008 John Rusnak lost over $ 700 million in currency trading at Allfirst bank by 2002 Nick Leeson 's $ 1.3 billion in losses brought down Britain 's Barings Bank in 1995
The 71-year-old ex-police officer accused of shooting dead a man inside a Florida movie theater wo n't get the chance to go home -- at least for now -- after a judge Friday decided not to grant him bail . Judge Pat Siracusa made his decision after two days of wrenching , evocative , at times seemingly contradictory testimony inside a Dade City , Florida , courtroom . "  The state did , in fact , meet their standard , " Siracusa said of prosecutors argument that Curtis Reeves should n't be allowed to post bond . "  And I am going to detain Mr. Reeves , pretrial . He will remain in custody . " Reeves ' lawyer signaled his intention to appeal a decision that -- while not unexpected , given this is a homicide case -- he believes is unwarranted . The attorney , Richard Escobar , said that he 's optimistic about not only the appeal on bail , but that a jury of six citizens will side with his client . "  Mr. Reeves is truly an innocent man , " Escobar told reporters . "  And we look forward to proving that at a jury trial at some point . " The widow of the man that Reeves killed , meanwhile , applauded Siracusa 's decision . "  I 'm just very happy and relieved , " Nicole Oulson said . " ... I have no doubt in my mind that it was the right decision . " No threats before shooting , widow says Was it self-defense or an overreaction ? As Siracusa took pains to point out , his opting not to grant bail has nothing to do with his or others assessment of Reeves ' guilt or innocence . That wo n't happen until trial . The date for that has n't been set , though Siracusa did schedule the next pretrial hearing for March 12 . That falls on one day under two full months since Chad Oulson was shot dead inside the Grove 16 theater in the Tampa suburb of Wesley Chapel . Was the younger , more physically imposing Oulson killed in self-defense , as Reeves ' lawyer claims ? Or did Reeves overreact -- to the idea that Oulson was texting his toddler daughter as movie previews played -- by taking out his gun inside the theater and firing , as the prosecution argues ? The bail hearing , which began Wednesday and resumed Friday after a day off , served almost as a mini-trial in itself . Both sides called witnesses , then often strongly challenged those put on the stand by the other side . Reeves ' daughter , Jennifer Shaw , testified that her father was supportive and even-keeled , having never erupted in anger at a stranger from her recollection . The prosecution called a number of people who 'd been in the Florida theater the afternoon of January 13 . Charles Cummings talked about overhearing Reeves and Oulson talking , and at one point , the latter said , "  I 'm just texting my 2-year-old daughter . " Soon after that , a "  very agitated " Reeves left the theater , then returned a few minutes later . At that point , a fairly calm Oulson -- according to Mark Douglas Turner , a retired Air Force veteran who worked as a clandestine officer -- asked aloud whether he could check a voice mail from his daughter 's babysitter . The situation devolved after more words were exchanged . Alan Hamilton , an off-duty Sumter County sheriff 's corporal , said he heard Oulson say , "  I am trying to text my f**king daughter , if you do n't mind " -- using graphic language that Reeves ' lawyer said suggested Oulson was angry and threatening . Popcorn flew in Reeves ' direction soon thereafter . "  And almost immediately , " recalled Turner , who said Oulson threw the bag , "  the gun comes out and there are shots fired . " Reeves to police : Oulson ` scared the crap out of me ' Hamilton testified that , soon thereafter , Reeves ' wife told her husband "  that was no cause to shoot anyone . " Reeves responded by pointing his finger at her and saying , according to Hamilton , "  You shut your f**king mouth and do n't say another word . " On Friday , those in the Dade City courtroom got to hear from Reeves himself -- not because he took the stand , but because audio of his interview with police was played in court . During that interview , Reeves told police he had "  reason to believe  Oulson  was going to kick my ass " after Reeves confronted the 43-year-old Navy veteran over his texting during the previews to "  Lone Survivor . " Widow : ` My whole world just got shattered ' Reeves and his wife both told police that Oulson began using foul language , and Reeves left to talk to a theater manager . When he returned , Oulson stood up and turned to confront Reeves , he said . "  I see that he 's very explosive , unnecessarily , " Reeves told police . "  It scared the crap out of me . " Oulson edged toward Reeves -- and "  he 's virtually on top of me " -- and Reeves told him either "  no , no , no " or "  whoa , whoa , whoa , " he could n't remember which , he told the police interrogator . "  He hit me with something . I assume it was his fist , " Reeves told police . "  I think he had a cell phone in his hand because I saw the blur of the screen . ... My face went sideways . My glasses came partially off . " In her own interview with police , Vivian Reeves backed much of her husband 's story , spelling out the f-word for police as she described Oulson 's language during the altercation . Asked , though , whether she saw Chad Oulson strike Curtis Reeves , she replied no -- though she said it 's what her husband told her after the shooting . The same went for the various theater witnesses who testified earlier for the prosecution . None of whom said that they saw Reeves getting hit by anything beyond perhaps a bag or some kernels of popcorn before he opened fire . Surveillance video captures theater shooting Beyond hearing from various witnesses , the public -- thanks to the gathered media -- got their own glimpse of what happened inside that movie theater , thanks to surveillance video . The jumpy , grainy footage shows Reeves return to his seat at 1:26:19 p.m. , according to the video 's time stamp . Six seconds later , Reeves appears to lean forward , but only for a second . At 1:26:30 p.m. , the video stops -- likely because the motion sensors were n't activated , according to previous testimony in Reeves ' bail hearing this week -- but it starts recording again five seconds later . That 's when a hand extends in front of Reeves , from the seat where victim Chad Oulson was reportedly sitting , and appears to snatch something from Reeves -- the defense has repeatedly said Oulson threw popcorn -- and throws it into Reeves ' face . Reeves ' right hand , the one Reeves told police he used to shoot Oulson , thrusts forward at 1:26:37 p.m. . A strange dust falls in front of the surveillance video lens as theater patrons begin walking over to the area where Reeves remains seated . It 's the row behind where a mortally wounded Oulson -- after stumbling then collapsing on another moviegoer -- is taking his last breaths . Couple describes encounter with Reeves	Lawyer : Curtis Reeves will appeal bail ruling , looks forward to trial Chad Oulson 's wife says she 's "  very happy and relieved " Judge Pat Siracusa sides with prosecutors , who said Reeves should n't be allowed bail Reeves is charged with murder in the shooting of a man who allegedly texted in a theater
Madrid  CNN  -- Preliminary charges of financial corruption have been filed against Spain 's Princess Cristina for a second time by a judge investigating her husband for alleged diversion of public funds . Judge Jose Castro is leading the investigation at a local court in Palma de Mallorca , in Spain 's Balearic Islands . The magistrate brought preliminary charges against the princess in April last year but they were dropped in May , after prosecutors appealed to a provincial court , citing insufficient evidence . But Castro continued his investigation and has now decided to bring preliminary charges again . Prosecutors are once more opposing them . A court spokeswoman confirmed to CNN on Tuesday that the conflict between Castro and the prosecution would automatically see the issue returned to the provincial court . A panel of four judges will then decide whether to uphold the preliminary charges . It is expected that the panel will make a decision ahead of the March 8 court date requested by Castro . The princess 's husband , Inaki Urdangarin , is accused of diverting , for private use , public funds earmarked for his nonprofit foundation . Urdangarin , an Olympic medalist in handball , led a private foundation that secured contracts from regional governments to promote sports and tourism . He has faced preliminary charges for more than a year . The preliminary charges could eventually be dropped , but a filing of indictments would set a trial in motion . Through their lawyers , the princess and Urdangarin have denied any wrongdoing . Urdangarin was granted the title of Duke of Palma when he married Princess Cristina , King Juan Carlos ' youngest daughter , in 1997 . The fraud scandal has created unprecedented problems for Spain 's popular royal family and kept the country riveted . In April , the royal household revealed that it had asked the government in February to include the monarchy in a new law on transparency -- regarding financing and other activities . The government approved the law in September .	A judge has filed preliminary charges of financial corruption against Spain 's Princess Cristina Earlier charges were dropped after prosecutors appealed , citing insufficient evidence The princess 's husband faces preliminary charges of diverting public funds for private use Inaki Urdangarin married Cristina , King Juan Carlos ' youngest daughter , in 1997
CNN  -- Accused "  Craigslist killer " Philip Markoff wrote his ex-fiancee 's name in what appeared to be blood on the wall of his jail cell before dying "  at his own hand , " a Massachusetts prosecutor said Tuesday . Markoff was found dead in his jail cell in Boston on Sunday morning , Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley said . The evidence collected so far indicates the onetime medical student killed himself by cutting himself multiple times with a makeshift scalpel crafted from a pen and a piece of metal , Conley told reporters . The words "  Megan " and "  pocket " were scrawled on the wall when he was found , Conley said . Megan appears to refer to Markoff 's former fiancee , Megan McAllister , but investigators had not divined the meaning of "  pocket , " the prosecutor said . "  We 're still studying that , " he said . Markoff , 24 , was a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine when arrested in April 2009 . He had pleaded not guilty . McAllister , his fiancee , maintained Markoff 's innocence , but the couple broke off their engagement shortly after his arrest . While toxicology reports are still out , "  At this point we can definitively say he 's responsible for taking his own life , " Conley said . Surveillance video from the jail shows no one entered Markoff 's private cell between the time he shut off his light early Sunday morning and the time he was found dead about eight hours later , he said . "  He inflicted a series of puncture wounds and incisions on his body , including his neck , arms , wrist and ankles , " Conley said . "  He hit several veins and the carotid artery in his neck . All of these wounds are consistent with suicide . " A large , clear plastic bag of a type issued to inmates was fastened around his neck with a piece of gauze , and a second bag was fastened around his feet , Conley said . An autopsy found his death to be the result of a combination of blood loss and asphyxiation . Markoff was charged with the April 14 , 2009 , fatal shooting and attempted robbery of Julissa Brisman , 25 , at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police said that Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds service Craigslist , and Markoff might have met her through the site . He also faced charges in connection with robberies of women at hotels in Boston and in Warwick , Rhode Island . In the Rhode Island incident , police said , the robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . Conley said Markoff 's death deprives Brisman 's family of seeing justice pronounced , but said the evidence against the suspect was "  overwhelming in quantity and substance . " "  This death should not divert attention from what really happened here , " he said . "  It should not obscure the overwhelming evidence against Mr. Markoff by the brutality of his crime . It is in no small way the ultimate indicator of consciousness of guilt . "	Prosecutors say "  Megan " and "  pocket " were scrawled on Markoff 's cell wall Markoff "  died at his own hand , " the district attorney says He faced charges in the 2009 killing of model-masseuse Julissa Brisman Conley says the evidence against Markoff was "  overwhelming "
CNN  -- Pilots of the British business mogul Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Atlantic Airways have broken with tradition and voted in favor of the picket line over a pay proposal , a first in the airlines ' history . "  We are naturally disappointed with the result of the ballot but remain committed to further talks with our pilots ' representatives to find a solution , " Virgin Atlantic said in a statement issued Tuesday . Representatives from the British Airline Pilots Association , the main union for the United Kingdom 's commercial pilots , claim Virgin Atlantic pilots have not had a pay increase since 2008 . Pilots do not want to strike , but are being driven to strike and are hugely disappointed by the company 's approach , said Jim McAuslan , general secretary for the pilots association . He added that pilots were offered increases below inflation for the next two and a half years . Union representatives said 97 % of the pilots who voted were favor of a strike , and 94 % of the membership voted . "  The size of the poll and the huge majority for action should send a clear message to Sir Richard Branson , " McAuslan said . "  There has been no UK pilot strike for 32 years . But there comes a time when even moderate people say ` enough . ' " Virgin Atlantic representatives said they have made an offer to the pilots union that is double the national average for a UK business . "  We value our pilots enormously and that is why we have offered three guaranteed pay rises in the next two and a half years and a share of company profits , " Virgin Atlantic said in a written statement . Airline representatives said they were optimistic that once the union communicated their offer to the pilots , a strike would be averted . But the British Airline Pilots Association stood firm . "  Time is running out , " McAuslan said . "  If damage is to be avoided and passengers not inconvenienced , then Sir Richard needs to act now . " Virgin Atlantic representatives said contingency plans are in place to minimize the impact of a strike on consumers .	"  There has been no UK strike for 32 years , " a union official says The overwhelming majority of pilots vote in favor of a strike Virgin Atlantic says its offer is double the national average for a UK business
A gunman shot and killed another man Tuesday inside Purdue University 's electrical engineering building , spurring worried students to scramble into the bitter cold outside for safety . The Indiana school 's police chief said that the suspect appeared to have had just one target in mind . He left the building right after the shooting , and a city police officer arrested him . "  This appears to be an isolated and intentional act , " Purdue Police Chief John Cox said . " ... The victim appeared to have been targeted by the suspect , and it was no more and no less than that . " Cox identified the victim as Andrew Boldt , a 21-year-old senior from West Bend , Wisconsin , who also worked at the school as a teaching assistant . The suspect is Cody Cousins , a 23-year-old student in Purdue 's college of engineering who now is "  booked on a preliminary charge of murder , " according to the police chief . By 6 p.m. West Lafayette police had executed a search warrant on Cousins ' home , with city police Chief Jason Dombkowski saying his officers had "  previous contact with the suspect  for what  I believe  was  an alcohol offense . " Authorities have not explained why Boldt might have been killed , nor have they detailed his relationship with the suspect , including whether he was a teaching assistant in one of Cousins ' classes . Nor have they described the type of gun used in the crime . CNN first learned about the incident on Twitter . The noontime shooting rattled many people 's nerves in and around the West Lafayette campus of Purdue , where about 30,000 undergraduates attend . "  You hear about school shootings all the time , but you never expect it to happen where you live , " said CNN iReporter Jeff Ooms , who works a few blocks away from what 's known as the EE Building and went to the scene . "  Everyone was just confused and shocked . " Cox said some on the scene claimed to hear "  four to five shots fired . " One of those inside the building was Ben Snyder , a Purdue senior from Fort Wayne . According to video posted to IndyStar.com , he and others inside the engineering building believed they heard two gunshots and immediately knew something was up . "  We heard it immediately and everyone was like , ` OK , let 's go . " He recalled "  officers coming in fast , " including four on the building 's second floor armed with what looked like assault rifles , and saw several people "  getting handcuffed " and one man "  with blood on his hands . " In another video interview on the same website , sophomore Kirk Choquette said he first heard cries of "  get down , get down , get down " after leaving a bathroom and did n't know what to make of it . After he returned to a large lecture hall , Choquette said , "  a cop came in and said , ` Get out , get out , everyone get out of the building . ' " David Hook had a similar experience . He did n't hear gunshots but heard shouting outside his lecture hall , which was in a building connected to the one where the bloodshed occurred . "  Originally , I just thought it was just people being loud , " the 20-year-old Hook told CNN . "  When I heard  shouting  the second time , I thought something was probably going on . " Eventually , "  someone came in and yelled to evacuate the building and then an alarm went off , " he added . "  I walked out , " Hook said of the chilling scene outside -- and not just because the wind chill dipped below zero Tuesday outside -- "  and there were police cars everywhere . " Cox commended the quick response by officers , as well as West Lafayette police and school authorities , saying "  everyone did exactly what they should have done . " The police chief added : "  You train and plan , and train and plan for one of these incidents and hope it never happens . But unfortunately , it did . " The school sent text messages about the shooting to students , asking them to take shelter where they were . That request was lifted by 1:30 p.m. , though the electrical engineering building still was closed so police could investigate , school spokeswoman Liz Evans said . Evans said then that "  the rest of campus is open " and classes were under way . But a few hours later , Purdue Provost Tim Sands announced classes for the rest of Tuesday and all of Wednesday were canceled . A Tuesday night candlelight vigil took place on the heels of a shooting that unnerved many in what Cox called "  one of the safest communities in the Big Ten . " "  Violent crime , whenever and wherever it occurs , shocks our conscience and incites our rage , " said Mitch Daniels , Purdue 's president and a former governor of the state . "  When it happens in our home , to a family member -- and , as a Boilermaker , Andrew Boldt was family to us -- those emotions are more powerful still . " Sands said one key part of the vigil was to announce details about counseling to those grieving or trying to make sense of the violence . While authorities stressed they do n't believe there is any continued threat to students , faculty or staff , the provost said that the Purdue community will need time to heal . "  Of course , it 's not over , " Sands said . "  It 's just beginning . " Pennsylvania college student in critical after shooting	Purdue president : "  Violent crime ... shocks our conscience and incites our rage " Shooting happens inside an electrical engineering building at the Indiana school Suspect surrenders to a police officer outside right after the incident , chief says Both the victim and suspect are students ; police calls the shooting "  intentional
Four-time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams was taken to the brink by China 's Zheng Jie before earning a place in the last 16 Saturday . Williams needed two and a half hours on Centre Court to subdue her 25th seeded opponent , who had reached the semifinals at the All England Club four years ago as a wild card . On the way she had beaten the American superstar and came close to pulling off another upset after taking the first set tiebreak . But back came Williams to level before a grueling final set in which Zheng showed her typical determination . Serving second , she continued to hold until the 15th game when her sixth seeded opponent broke through . Zheng saved two match points before Williams sealed a clash against Yaroslava Shvedova for a place in the last eight . "  We always have unbelievable matches together and I knew it was going to be tough , " Williams told BBC Sport after her win . Earlier Shvedova had created Wimbledon and WTA history in a remarkable first set against French Open runner up Sara Errani of Italy . Shvedova took every point , 24 without reply , to break her own record of 23 set in Memphis in 2006 . It was the first time a so-called Golden Set had been achieved in Grand Slam history . Errani restored some pride in the second set but still slipped to a 6-0 6-4 defeat . Defending champion Petra Kvitova continued her serene progress into the second week with a 6-1 6-0 romp against Varvara Lepchenko of the United States . Second seed Victoria Azarenka of the Belarus also had an easy passage , beating Jana Cepelova of Slovakia 6-2 6-3 . And former World No. 1 Ana Ivanovic of Serbia showed her improved form as she beat Julia Goerges of Germany 3-6 6-3 6-4 .	Serena Williams taken to three sets by Zheng Jie Four-time champion will next face Yaroslav Shvedova Shvedova took every point in first set in beating Sara Errani Defending champion Petra Kvitova eases through
CNN  -- Veteran coach Claudio Ranieri has been given the chance to restore Inter Milan 's fortunes following the short , unsuccessful tenure of Gian Piero Gasperini at the Italian club . Ranieri has previously been in charge of big European teams such as Juventus , Chelsea , Valencia , Atletico Madrid and Napoli , but has been out of work since leaving Inter 's Serie A rivals Roma in February after a run of poor results . He takes over a team in turmoil , with Gasperini sacked on Wednesday following a 3-1 defeat by newly-promoted Novara -- Inter 's second in three league matches . Gasperini , 53 , is the only coach in Inter 's history to leave without winning a game . The three-time European champions also lost to archrivals AC Milan in the Italian Super Cup and to Turkish outfit Trabzonspor in the Champions League group stage opener . "  Claudio Ranieri has officially become the new coach of Inter . He has signed a contract binding him to the club June 30 , 2013 , " Inter 's official website reported on Thursday . "  Everyone at F.C. Internazionale has the pleasure of welcoming Claudio Ranieri and his staff and wishing them well . " Ranieri , whose only major managerial honors are the 1996 Italian Cup with Fiorentina and 1999 Spanish Cup at Valencia , said he wants to improve the current squad 's mentality . "  I think I will need to talk a lot with the squad , the mental aspect is very important , " the 59-year-old told Italian television channel RAI Sport . "  Inter are a great team . We have to pick up the pace after this false start . The players are there and we have everything to lift the team . Gasperini had every right to try to execute his ideas ; he tried to make his system work with all his strength , but without success . "  I do not think he can be criticized , he tried to implement his ideas until the end . For me , every system can bring victories -- if Inter have always played in a specific way , there must be a reason . " Known as the "  The Tinkerman " from his time at Chelsea when he constantly rotated his team , Ranieri refused to make any promises of success this season as Inter seek a 19th Serie A crown . "  I do not like to promise things . I want the best from these players , who have so much to give . " His appointment means that Inter have now had four different coaches since current Real Madrid boss Jose Mourinho left the San Siro in May 2010 . Mourinho guided Inter to a historic treble , which included a first European Cup in 35 years , before being replaced by the Spaniard Rafael Benitez after leaving for the Bernabeu stadium . Benitez , who led Liverpool to Champions League success in 2005 , was sacked in December 2010 despite taking Inter to victory at the FIFA Club World Cup . Former AC Milan coach Leonardo took over from Benitez and guided Inter to a second-place finish in Serie A last season , before his move to France 's Paris St. Germain as director of football led to ex-Genoa boss Gasperini being appointed in June . Ranieri 's first match in charge of his new team will be Saturday 's league trip to Bologna . Meanwhile , the one Serie A match played on Thursday saw Roma and Siena draw 1-1 at the Olympic Stadium . Daniel Osvaldo put Roma ahead in the 25th minute when he tapped home Marco Borriello 's pull back . But the visitors levelled with just two minutes remaining when Roberto Vitiello netted from a rebound after Franco Brienza 's effort crashed against the post . The result means both sides are still waiting for their first victory of the season , having drawn two of their opening three games . In Spain , an injury time goal from Walter Pandiani gave Espanyol a 1-0 success over Getafe , who have now lost threee successive Primera Liga matches .	Inter Milan have appointed Claudio Ranieri as their new coach Ranieri arrives just 24 hours after Gian Piero Gasperini exited the club Inter have made a winless start to the Italian Serie A season Roma and Siena are still without a win after drawing 1-1 on Thursday
GREELEY , Colorado  CNN  -- Tim Masters often drank heavily before he was imprisoned for murder in 1999 , but he said he 's sworn off the stuff in an interview Wednesday , his first full day of freedom in nearly a decade . On his first full day of freedom , Tim Masters shows attorney Maria Liu a Hot Rod magazine . "  Just because I do n't look angry does n't mean I do n't have a whole lot of anger inside , " Masters said . "  I do n't want to get drunk . People get drunk , they have no self control . I do n't want to get mad or do anything stupid or say something stupid . I 'd rather just stay sober . " The anger he fears unleashing is aimed squarely at the Fort Collins Police Department , which doggedly pursued him for almost 12 years before charging him with the 1987 murder of Peggy Hettrick -- a crime he has always insisted he did n't commit . Masters , 36 , was released Tuesday from prison after new DNA evidence pointed to someone else . He will find out next month if he will stand trial again , but a prosecutor said Monday that charges against Masters could be dismissed . Watch Masters talk about his freedom " Speaking with CNN about 24 hours after his release , Masters said he is relieved to be out of prison , but he ca n't shake the feeling this saga might not be over . He also ca n't shake his anger at one investigator in particular . "  My opinion is that Jim Broderick , the guy in charge of it , has a very big ego and would not allow anything or anyone to convince him that he was wrong , " Masters said . "  He made up his mind in the beginning , from day one when he walked into my bedroom and saw my horror drawings and war stories , that I was guilty . Nothing would change his mind . " Broderick did not return a call Wednesday to his office . His answering machine said he would not be checking messages until the end of the month . Michael Goodbee , one of the special prosecutors handling the Masters hearings , said in court that Broderick was out of town on a family emergency . Broderick told CNN in November , before the DNA evidence was confirmed , that he still believed Masters was the killer . The key players " Masters was convicted largely on circumstantial evidence -- a collection of gory sketches and narratives , a few knives and a forensic psychologist 's testimony that Masters ' stories and artwork indicated he fantasized about sexual homicides . He was also the first person to find Hettrick 's body . He did n't immediately report it , he said , because he thought it was a mannequin and someone was playing a prank . "  It 's just unbelievable because here 's all these stories and drawings that have no nexus with the crime . There 's no one being stabbed in the back . There 's no one being sexually mutilated , " he said . "  The only thing they had in common with this crime is there was violence . " Lots of kids in high school sketch violent scenes and scribe violent stories , Masters said . Go to any high school , he said , and you 'll likely find similar artwork and writings . "  They won their case by assassinating my character , " he said . Masters said he 's been angry for years . Though his father Clyde , who died while Masters was in prison , taught him to never show his emotions , his fellow inmates were aware of his bitterness , he said . "  My best friend who sat across from me at the chow hall , he used to actually sit there and say , ` Damn , I 've got to look across at this surly face every day ? Look at your face . You look mad all the time . ' " His frustration began to wane when the media started reporting on his case about six months ago . The letters he received in prison and support from fellow inmates helped , he said , but the anger is "  still going to be there . There 's no way to get around that . It 's still inside . " Masters said he ca n't thank his family enough for standing by him . And though he spoke with reverence of his father , there was an undertone of resentment in his words . It was his father , he said , who initially told him to cooperate with police , a decision that ultimately would be his undoing . His father allowed police to search their trailer . He also allowed Masters to be interrogated for hours without an attorney . Police would use the evidence and interrogation to convict Masters in 1999 . "  We 'll cooperate with them and give them anything they want and then they 'll see that you did n't have anything to do with this and they 'll move on , " Masters recalled his father telling him in 1987 . "  It turns out that by cooperating with them it just encouraged them , because I was the easiest suspect to go after . " Clyde Masters knew his son had n't committed the crime , but he thought police were there to help , Masters said . His father was in the Navy for 22 years and felt you should obey authority , he added . "  Well , you know what ? You should n't always submit to authority . Our country would n't exist if everyone submitted to authority , " he said . "  It 's just a shame Dad did n't know how the system was . " In a news conference after his release , Masters said he wanted only to see his family . He was whisked away from the courthouse to the local Elks Lodge , which his aunts and uncles had rented . At the party , he met some of his younger relatives for the first time . "  Everybody did n't get to come up there and visit me over the years , and the cousins , the younger ones , have had kids of their own and I do n't know any of them , so I 'm trying to learn everyone 's name and not succeeding , " Masters said . His first meal was two pieces of grocery store fried chicken -- which he ate simultaneously -- and a glass of lemonade . The chicken was "  fantastic , " he said . "  I did n't even eat anything else with it . I just had two pieces of chicken there and people are shaking my hand and leaving like , ` Ugh , I got grease on my hand , ' " he said with a chuckle . "  Sorry . " During visits with family members , he learned how much the world had changed since he was locked up . Everyone had high-tech cell phones with cameras . His cousins and nephews were showing him YouTube and their MySpace pages . Despite the changes all around him , the changes within him seem negligible , he said . "  I do n't feel a whole lot different other than a lot of emotional baggage , " he said . "  Other people would be able to tell you better than I would how much I 've changed . " His freedom still seems like a dream at times , he said . As for trying to recover the years he feels were wrongly taken from him -- the years in high school and in the Navy when he was pegged as a murderer or the decade he spent in a prison cell -- he understands they 're gone forever . "  You ca n't get any time back , " he said , quipping , "  My youth and my hair , gone . " Though there are strong indications that Masters could be fully exonerated in February , he is not getting his hopes too high -- not after the events of the past two decades . "  For me , it 's not over until it 's over . They have n't dismissed any charges . I 'm out on bond , so I 'm not completely free yet , " he said . Masters said he and his legal team are prepared in the event of a new trial . "  Whatever happens , happens . We 're ready . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : Tim Masters talks with CNN on his first full day of freedom NEW : Masters says he 's angry , especially at lead police officer Judge ordered Masters released , tossed murder conviction Tuesday New DNA evidence indicates someone else killed , mutilated Peggy Hettrick in 1987
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- A Spanish judge has indicted three suspected former Nazi concentration camp guards Thursday on charges of genocide and ordered their arrests . Visitors mark 60th anniversary of liberation Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 2005 . Two of the suspects , Johann Leprich and Anton Tittjung , each 84 , are thought to live in the United States , while the third , Josias Kumpf , also 84 , is believed to live in Austria , according to a copy of the court order viewed by CNN . They are accused of serving in the Nazi SS . Leprich and Tittjung were armed guards at the Mauthausen concentration camp and Gross Raming subcamp , while Kumpf served at the Sachsenhausen camp , the court order said . In addition to Jews and other types of prisoners , the Spanish judge said there more than 7,000 Spaniards held prisoner at Mauthausen , of whom 4,300 died . Some Spaniards arrived at the Sachsenhausen camp , in convoys from France , the document said . The order , including international arrest warrants , was issued by Judge Ismael Moreno of Spain 's National Court , which investigates genocide and crimes against humanity involving Spaniards . The 18-page document cited prior judicial investigative work from other countries regarding the backgrounds of the three alleged ex-Nazi guards and their suspected roles in the notorious Nazi death camps during World War II .	Spanish judge indicts three suspected former Nazi concentration camp guards Two suspects thought to live in U.S. ; third believed to live in Austria Order includes international arrest warrants
London  CNN  -- Europe risks being squeezed between "  low-cost China " and "  high-tech America " unless it can rediscover the knack for innovation , says the head of aerospace company Avio . Francesco Caio , the CEO of Turin-based Avio , told me that Europe 's prospects were bleak unless it could find a "  new frontier of innovation . " "  Europe runs the risk of  being  squeezed between the muscles of low-cost China and the innovation of high-tech America , " said Caio , a corporate high-flyer whose resume includes heading Cable and Wireless , Indesit and Olivetti . "  I am genuinely concerned that if Europe is not determined to go all the way we run the risk of having a ` half-baked cake ' -- which would be very dangerous if ... digested . " European leaders need to face the fact that "  an industrial model that has worked very well to create wealth and growth has come to an end , " he said . "  That is the challenge and that is the role of leadership in Europe --  to  make sure we have the ideas , vision and new ability to mobilize the great forces and strength that Europe has for growth . " Avio is the prime contractor for Vega , the new European rocket system designed to launch the small satellites that are expected to be the main driver of the aerospace industry . Watching the Vega 's maiden launch from the Guiana Space Center in February had been exhilarating , said Caio . "  You put seven years of development on the line -- you have a few seconds in which the system needs to perform particularly well , " he said . "  It was a relief in the first 12 seconds , the first 24 seconds , and then it was off . " Made from carbon fiber , the Vega uses a solid propellant which gives it faster speeds than the Ariane 5 . "  I think it lowers the barriers to entry for satellite launch , and for the exploration and exploitation of space technology , for smaller companies , university centers , " he said . Of the nine satellites launched into orbit by Vega rockets so far , seven had been developed by European students . Despite the gloom surrounding his country 's economic fortunes , Caio said there were "  two stories " for Italian business at present . "  Companies that have a mix of domestic and export are doing very well , indeed , because they have hooked on to growing markets , " he said . "  People who have been focused just on domestic market ? Yes , they are suffering . " Avio was now looking to Brazil and China for growth , said Caio . "  We 're going where new consumers are learning the beauty of flight . "	The head of aerospace firm Avio says a new model is needed for European growth Europe must innovate to avoid being "  squeezed " by the muscle of China and the U.S. Avio is the prime contractor for the Vega rocket system , first launched in February The system is for small satellites , which Avio believes will drive the aerospace market
Editor 's note : The Rev. Jesse L. Jackson Sr. is president and founder of the Rainbow PUSH Coalition . He began his theological studies at the Chicago Theological Seminary and deferred his studies when he began working full-time in the Civil Rights movement with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. . Rev. Jackson received his Master of Divinity degree in 2000 . Next week : Rev. DeForest "  Buster " Soaries Jr. writes about his campaign to eliminate debt as senior pastor of First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens in Somerset , New Jersey . He is featured in CNN 's "  Almighty Debt : A Black in America Special " which premieres October 21 . My faith tradition has always been inextricably bound with the tradition of the civil rights movement . The blood , sweat and tears of "  the movement " have run through my life ; they touched and entangled me with an indelible spirit of never giving up , always trying to serve . Through the good and hard times , I lean on my faith to help me traverse the twists and turns of life . I grew up with two strong parents who believed in the literal sense and spirit of the Bible that required and mandates prayer in all circumstances . They prayed daily and instilled that belief in me . They were faithful to our local church . My parents participated in all aspects of the church work including tithing , which enabled us to build what we could with what we have and God 's help . I learned very early in life "  with God all things are possible . " As I navigated through the south as a youth , and in particular a college student , I was thrust into the civil rights movement . Racism was alive and well in the segregated South , present in every facet of our lives . It was a "  dual society " socially , where blacks could not sit at the same lunch counters as whites , sat at the back of the bus , and were denied equal access to public accommodations ; and also economically , where African-Americans had little , if any , direct participation in the financial life of the nation . Seeing the inequities in all aspects of our lives greatly challenged me to seek another way , a better way . I learned through the teaching of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his contemporary Dr. Leon Sullivan that our plight as a people was like that of a symphony . I came to conceptualize our cause and termed it the "  Freedom Symphony " -- our freedom song to democratic , economic empowerment . Symphonies are constructed in four movements . The first movement was the fight to end slavery -- a tumultuous upheaval battling the dehumanization of African Americans . Slavery fueled the global trade markets and the industrialization of America . It was an economic system that confined blacks to work without wages , and it involved total subjugation to the master . The second movement was our quest to dismantle Jim Crow and tear down ancient walls of legal segregation that prevented equal , democratic participation in America 's social , political and economic life . But the legacy of decades of slavery and Jim Crow segregation left blacks in a state of inequality . Economic inequalities -- two Americas -- remained a fact of life . The third movement was our fight for the right to vote , to open the voting process to all African-Americans as well as create and institute new legislation such as the Voting Rights Act to ensure and protect the rights of all voters . Our fourth movement of the Freedom Symphony represents the unfinished business of our movement . We are free , but not equal . Our fight for economic justice , access to capital , industry and technology remains at the forefront of today 's agenda . This fourth movement is one that I believe will take us beyond the margins so that all can participate in the prosperity of our nation . My last days with Dr. King and Dr. Sullivan were filled with watching them motivate and move our nation toward a more perfect union . We must be guided by their faith and spurred to social action to ensure that we have equal access to capital , unfettered economic development in urban communities and fair and equitable professional financial services which includes deal flow and fee structure . My faith inspires me to continue to do this work . But faith without works is dead . And so we tackle today 's financial calamity - one that now finds us grappling with an ever spiraling cycle of unemployment , home foreclosures and rising student loan debt . It is here where faith and works meet . And it is upon this philosophy that I seek to serve my God and our world . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the Rev. Jesse L. Jackson Sr. .	Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. says faith must be accompanied by good works on earth He says journey of African-Americans to freedom has four movements First movement is emancipation from slavery , second is end of Jim Crow Third movement is voting rights and fourth is economic prosperity , he says
New York  CNN  -- A National Transportation Safety Board investigation has revealed new facts about the Bronx crash that killed 15 people in early March , with the head of the NTSB issuing renewed calls for changes in bus safety and regulation of bus companies . One of the primary findings of the investigation so far is that contrary to bus driver Ophadell Williams statement to authorities that a tractor-trailer may have clipped the bus causing the accident , the NTSB engineer who examined the bus found no evidence to indicate that a truck had come into contact with it , NTSB chairman Deborah Hersman told CNN . The investigation found that the bus , with the 40-year-old Williams at the wheel , drifted to the right before striking a roadside barrier , Hersman said Wednesday in testimony to a Senate hearing on bus safety . After hitting the barrier , the bus rolled and skidded for nearly 500 feet before colliding with a highway signpost that penetrated the windshield and speared the entire length of the bus , killing 15 passengers , according to Hersman . Investigators determined that the bus was traveling at 78 miles per hour at some point between leaving the Connecticut casino and the scene of the accident , while the speed limit at that stretch of roadway was 50 miles per hour for commercial vehicles , Hersman told CNN . A camera was also mounted on the bus windshield when the bus crashed , but it did not record the accident , the NTSB reported in a press release . The crash happened in the early hours of March 12 on the New England Thruway near the border of Westchester and the Bronx . En route from the Mohegan Sun Resort and Casino , the "  World Wide Tours " bus was bound for Chinatown in Manhattan . "  Unlike when travelers get in their own automobiles , passengers boarding a motor coach place their lives in the hands of the motor coach operator and its driver , " Hersman said Wednesday of the industry that transports 750 million passengers per year . This accident , along with other recent , serious motor coach crashes in New Jersey and New Hampshire , has led the NTSB to renew its emphasis bus safety recommendations . The first NTSB recommendation is to improve passenger protection with stronger roofs , a redesign of window emergency exits and improved standards for passenger seating compartments . The NTSB also recommended better government oversight of both drivers and vehicles , as well as more advanced vehicle technologies , such as forward-collision warning systems . The Department of Transportation currently is working on rules covering the recommendations , Hersman said in her testimony . The full report of what happened is expected to be completed within 12 months , a spokesman for the NTSB , Peter Knudson , told CNN .	Fifteen people died in a Bronx bus crash in early March The bus was headed to Manhattan from a Connecticut casino . An NTSB investigation does not support the bus driver 's claim that a truck clipped the bus
CNN  -- Are you a fanatical supporter of your football team ? Do you keep up-to-date with all the latest club news and like to shout about your opinions ? If so , you may have what it takes to be a football fan reporter for CNN . As part of our coverage of world football we are looking for fans who are keen to represent their club over the coming season . If you would like to upload a short video explaining why you should be picked , click on your team 's badge above to sign up . Alternatively , click on the video of the iReporters who have already joined the team to see their latest rant .	Have you got what it takes to be a reporter for your favorite team ? As part of CNN 's coverage we want fans to talk about their clubs -- click on the badge below to sign up If you keep up with the latest news and have opinions we want to hear them
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The futuristic South African sci-fi that has taken the U.S box office by storm opened in its home country this weekend . "  District 9 " director Neill Blomkamp Parallels with the experience of apartheid in "  District 9 " are likely to resonate particularly with South African audiences . The story begins with an alien space ship breaking down over South Africa 's largest metropolis , Johannesburg -- leaving the unfortunate creatures on board stranded . Their human hosts rescue them , but 20 years on they are exploited and segregated in militarized townships to keep them away them from angry locals . Made for a mere $ 30 million , inexpensive by Hollywood standards , "  District 9 " film is already a huge box office hit in the U.S. , having brought in $ 73 million during its first 10 days in cinemas . In South Africa , the country where it was filmed , it is likely strike a chord with audiences all too familiar with issues of racism , xenophobia and segregation . This time the victims are insectile aliens , but their eviction and forced removal from one place to another because of their species echoes the racial segregation that plagued South Africa until 1990 . In fact , it was filmed in Soweto , a township created by the apartheid state to keep black South Africans away from white Johannesburg . "  District 9 " is the work of 29-year-old first-time director Neill Blomkamp with the help of "  Lord of the Rings " maestro Peter Jackson , who acts as producer . Blomkamp who also co-wrote the film grew up in Johannesburg before moving to Canada in his late teens . He says he did n't want his first film to be defined by politics . "  I did n't want to go , ` Here 's a whole bunch of people oppressed by this apartheid-esque society ' and beat people over the head with it , " Blomkamp told CNN . "  I rather wanted to say this is the city I grew up in this is what it felt like . " The film 's star and long-time friend of Blomkamp , Sharlto Copley , who plays security operative Wikus Van De Merwe says many of the film 's themes are universal . "  The film deals with things that are so fundamentally human , " Copley told CNN . "  That it 's quite easy to see how you discriminate against you know this group or that group or a religious group . " Blomkamp may want the political references to take a backseat but "  District 9 " is still very much a South African production . The thick South African accents and distinctive dialogue spoken by many of the film 's characters were authentic as most of the cast were , in fact , locals . "  90 percent of the community was hired ... catering , security , extras . Great fun , " said David James who plays a mercenary . It was good money for the unemployed residents of the Soweto suburb where much of the film was shot : "  For this to be shot in my township ... we feel fortunate , " said caterer Sylvia Khoza . "  Many people benefit from this movie . " Extras earned $ 38 per day -- a good wage by local standards . Lufano Tshoshouga who worked as an extra used the money to buy clothes and presents for his family he would otherwise have been unable to afford . "  So they gave us a lot of money . -LSB- It -RSB- bought my son clothes , even my own clothes . Some for Christmas . Some presents for my family . It was a good privilege , " said Tshoshouga .	"  District 9 " directed by South African-born Neill Blomkamp opens in the country Sci-fi in which aliens are kept in ghettos has parallels with South African apartheid Blomkamp says he did n't want first film to be defined by politics Blomkamp filmed in Soweto , Johannesburg and much of cast and crew were locals
CNN  -- I 'd already run about half the marathon when the next refreshment table came into view . Thirsty and needing to stay charged for the next 13 miles , I elbowed my way through the crowds of runners and grabbed my drink of choice . A nice glass of full-bodied red wine . This is how it rolls at the Marathon du Medoc , an annual festival of wine and running near Bordeaux , France , in which competitors strive to complete 26 miles and almost as many glasses of the local vin . Now in its 30th edition , the race is something of a legend for marathon runners . Last year I was among 3,300 runners from 53 different nations -- Japan , Canada , Australia -- joining 5,200 competitors from across France . Sure , there are prestige races in London , New York , and Chicago , but the gustatory element is lacking . Even the Paris marathon fails to offer much more than bananas and water . Instead , this marathon weaves through scenic vineyards in the Medoc region , starting in the town of Paulliac , where some of the best Bordeaux wines are produced . The run has a time limit of six hours and 30 minutes and is nicknamed "  the longest marathon in the world " with little exaggeration . In 2013 , only about 1,100 runners finished under four hours and thirty minutes -- the other 7,400 were in no rush , if they finished at all . Hairy body suits To compare , the 2013 Paris marathon had an average speed of four hours and 10 minutes . As if it 's not enough that we 're all drinking , the marathon is themed each year , with nearly every participant dressed in costumes . Last year 's theme , "  sci-fi , " saw runners dressed as aliens , "  Avatar " characters and a few daring Chewbaccas in full hairy body suits . For this year 's race on September 13 , 2014 , 10,000 competitors are expected to dress to the theme of "  Carnival around the world . " Increasingly popular , places are hard to come by and many entrants race it competitively to win prizes of -- yep -- wine . While the Medoc has n't resorted to operating the lottery entry systems recently adopted by the Chicago and Paris marathons , competitors now face an online scramble to sign up during several registration waves scheduled by organizers . With more runners than ever expected , locals in Paulliac are getting ready for the 2014 event . Organizers , too , are bracing themselves , preparing more medical care and water stops than typical marathon events to help runners through the stresses and strains of long-distance drinking . Competitors , meanwhile , are likely putting in last-minute training -- early morning runs and extended evenings at their local bars . Polish national Hanna Gierzynska-Zalewska , a Medoc Marathon connoisseur , will run it for the third time this year . "  There are people from all over the globe running this marathon but somehow at that race we all speak the same language , " she says , "  and it 's not only the wine talking . " Marathoner Tarun Kumar , 42 years old from Mumbai , is hoping the race will bring the fun back to running , but is hesitant about the unique refreshments . "  Wine , food along the course would be hard to resist and I have no idea how my body will react , " he says . Dance break Back on the road during my attempt , jogging from chateau to chateau through the vineyards , most of the other marathoners were staying hydrated as I was , tastings each property 's wares . It 's not every day the Rothschild family opens up its chateau to thousands of sweaty runners , but there we were , stretching our calves , glasses in hand . The runner 's high mixed with slight inebriation and at about the 22-mile mark there was what seemed to be an obligatory dance break as we neared the home stretch . In a bit of pain but eager to complete the last few miles , we guzzled bits of steak , ice cream and oysters with white wine  never red with oysters -- we 're not animals  . My belly full and my mind slightly adrift , I crossed the finish line with the rest of the pack , ready for a good stretch and nap . My time of six hours and nine minutes was n't going to break any records , but I thoroughly enjoyed every glass of wine offered along the way . I was n't the only one . Amy Carlson traveled from Minnesota to do the marathon in 2013 -- her first ever despite a distaste for running . She donned a space cowboy suit , complete with antenna sticking out of a cowboy hat and silver body paint for the race . "  I 've watch other marathons where friends have run and everyone looks so miserable , checking their watches , " Carlson said . "  This event was a joyous 26.2 mile block party . " Marathon du Medoc , September 13 , 2014 ; 5 , Rue Etienne Dieuzede , Pauillac ; +33 5 56 59 17 20 Bryan Pirolli is a freelance journalist based in Paris .	Held annually in southeastern France , the Marathon du Medoc pits runners against 26.2 miles and many glasses of wine Last year 3,300 runners from 53 different nations joined 5,200 competitors from across France Organizers lay on extra water stations and medical provisions to help runners cope with the rigors of a boozy run
CNN  -- Inter Milan sacked coach Andrea Stramaccioni Friday and replaced him immediately with Walter Mazzarri . Stramaccioni departs after a dismal season for the famed Nerazzurri , who finished the season a lowly ninth in Serie A and missed out on European competition . By contrast , Mazzari , who has been at Napoli for four seasons , has guided them back into the Champions League and they finished second to champions Juventus in this year 's standings . He recently announced he would be leaving at the end of the season and was immediately linked with Inter , who will be appointing their sixth coach since the departure of Jose Mourinho three years ago . Mourinho guided Inter to the Champions League crown before joining Real Madrid but his old charges have been in decline since that triumph . Stramaccioni was the latest to attempt to turn it around at the San Siro , but despite the poor results club president Massimo Moratti had kind words . "  I 've chosen Mazzarri , I 'm sorry for Stramaccioni , " he was quoted on the official Inter website . He added "  That takes nothing away from the esteem I hold for Stramaccioni 's talent and potential . "  I 'm convinced he 'll become one of the great Italian coaches but it might also be necessary to save his professional future after a particularly unlucky year , and maybe he needs to find an easier situation than Inter . "  We 're coming to a difficult season and I thought we 'd need a coach with Mazzarri 's experience . " It has left Napoli without a coach , but reports have strongly linked Rafael Benitez with the vacant post after the Spaniard 's interim spell at Chelsea ended with a Europa Cup win . Benitez was Mourinho 's first successor at Inter Milan , but was unable to repeat his success .	Inter Milan sack coach Andrea Stramaccioni Pays the price for dismal season with Inter ninth in Serie A Replaced by Napoli coach Walter Mazzarri Rafael Benitez linked with now vacant post at Napoli
CNN  -- An Arizona lawman said the suspicious package addressed to controversial Sheriff Joe Arpaio "  would have caused a major explosion " if someone had opened it . Jerry Sheridan , chief deputy of the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Department , told reporters Friday the package was noticed by an alert postal employee in Flagstaff who thought he spotted gunpowder residue . Arpaio was at Sheridan 's side as he spoke . Police in Flagstaff X-rayed the package , noticed what appeared to be an explosive device , and rendered it safe by blowing it up with a water cannon . Sheridan said the package was mailed Thursday , a day after the department received a death threat from a major drug cartel . The department has received other threats in the past , but , Sheridan said , this development is "  something that was brought to the height of seriousness . " "  That is a very serious threat . It was labeled to come here , to this building and to be opened by Sheriff Arpaio , " Sheridan said . He said injuries , burns and maybe death could have resulted . The FBI and deputies were trying to track down "  a person of interest . " Arpaio , well-known for his hardline anti-immigration policies that have led to accusations of civil rights violations , vowed that he would not be brought down by his enemies . He spoke after Sheridan briefed reporters . He said he 's been besieged by certain groups and people and has been slammed with rhetoric criticizing him . He said he 's resolved to do his job and wo n't be intimidated by people who want to force him out of office or kill him . "  My answer is it will not deter me from doing my job , " he said . "  I 'm not running scared . "  All I know is I 'm going to keep being the sheriff , " he added . "  I want everybody to know that . " Earlier , sheriff 's department spokeswoman Lisa Allen said it was her understanding that the package had gun powder , wires , a battery -- all the components for an explosion . U.S. Postal Inspector Andrew Rivas in Flagstaff , who screened the package Thursday , considered it suspicious enough to call a local police bomb squad and the FBI . "  We evacuated the post office , got all our employees to safety , " Rivas told CNN affiliate KTVK . Rivas said authorities have an idea of where the package may have come from , but declined to specify , citing the ongoing investigation . Allen said the origin of the package is one of the underlying issues in the investigation . At present , the department is not opening mail and is checking to see if any suspicious packages have made it through , Allen said . Neither she nor Flagstaff police knew if the box contained a message . The FBI declined to release details . "  I can confirm the FBI is involved in the investigation , " said FBI spokesman Manuel Johnson in Phoenix . "  At this time the FBI is not commenting further due to the matter being ongoing . " The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also is investigating , ATF spokesman Mike Campbell said . Flagstaff is about 150 miles north of Phoenix , the seat of Maricopa County . A lightning rod for controversy Arpaio has made national headlines for years with his unorthodox -- and often controversial -- style of justice . And he has been the object of threats before . Since August 2011 , nine threats have been directed at Arpaio that were were credible enough to be investigated . There has been at least one arrest in the past involving threats . While Arpaio already has reasonable security , Allen said , "  we are going to have to augment " it either by getting more personnel or adding electronic security . Arpaio has housed thousands of inmates in tents and forced all inmates to wear pink underwear . He has boasted about feeding each inmate on less than $ 1 a day . His critics say he has a long history of launching bogus criminal investigations against political opponents and anyone else who gets in his way . He was the subject of a civil lawsuit by the Justice Department alleging civil rights violations . According to the complaint , the sheriff 's office has displayed a pattern of discrimination against Latinos that includes racial profiling , unlawful detention and searches , and unlawful targeting of Latinos during raids . Arpaio has denied any discrimination , and one of his attorneys called the Justice Department investigation a "  witch hunt . " His office website touts his "  get tough " policies and says his chain gangs contribute thousands of dollars of free labor to the community . Male chain gangs , as well as the world 's first-ever female and juvenile chain gangs , clean streets , paint over graffiti and bury the indigent in the county cemetery . After winning his sixth term last November , the 80-year-old sheriff said he does n't plan on leaving office anytime soon . "  For my critics out there , I 'm going to say right now : In January , I 'm signing up for 2016 . So I 'm not a lame duck , " he told a crowd of cheering supporters . CNN 's Greg Morrison , Ashley Fantz and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  All I know is I 'm going to keep being the sheriff , " Arpaio says Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio has staunch supporters and fierce critics His anti-immigration policies have led to accusations of civil rights violations Arpaio won his sixth term in November and told supporters he will run again in 2016
London  CNN  Best-selling British fantasy author Terry Pratchett has died at the age of 66 , his website said Thursday . Pratchett , who wrote more than 70 books , including those in his "  Discworld " series , had been diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer 's disease in 2007 . A statement on the website announced the news of his death at home Thursday with "  immeasurable sadness . " "  I was deeply saddened to learn that Sir Terry Pratchett has died . The world has lost one of its brightest , sharpest minds , " said Larry Finlay , managing director at Transworld Publishers . "  In over 70 books , Terry enriched the planet like few before him . As all who read him know , ` Discworld ' was his vehicle to satirize this world : He did so brilliantly , with great skill , enormous humor and constant invention . " Pratchett continued to write following his diagnosis , completing his last book , a new Discworld novel , in the summer of 2014 . Revealing his illness in 2007 , the author -- who had a strong following among fans of fantasy fiction -- said he had been diagnosed with "  a very rare form of early onset Alzheimer 's , " which he described as "  an embuggerance . " He said then , "  Frankly , I would prefer it if people kept things cheerful , because I think there 's time for at least a few more books yet . " According to Thursday 's statement , he had posterior cortical atrophy , a progressive degenerative condition involving the loss and dysfunction of brain cells , particularly at the back of the brain . The last posts on his verified Twitter account , run by Pratchett with close friend Rob Wilkins , give a poignant farewell -- and have already been retweeted thousands of times . "  AT LAST , SIR TERRY , WE MUST WALK TOGETHER , " the first tweet in the series reads -- an apparent reference to Death , a recurring and generally sympathetic character in the Discworld books , who always speaks in ALL CAPS . "  Terry took Death 's arm and followed him through the doors and on to the black desert under the endless night . "  The End . " Jeremy Hughes , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Society , a charitable organization , said Pratchett -- who spoke out publicly about his condition and called for greater funding for Alzheimer 's research -- had "  fundamentally changed the way dementia is seen and understood . " "  His vehement determination to reduce the stigma of dementia meant he helped drag it out of the shadows -- kicking and screaming at times , " he said . "  Shouting from the rooftops about the absurdity of how little funding dementia research receives , and fighting for good quality dementia care , he was and will remain the truest of champions for people with the condition . " Pratchett was also a patron of the British Humanist Association , which paid tribute Thursday to the humor and dedication with which the author "  turned his suffering into a positive campaign . " Pratchett , who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s , became a full time writer in 1987 and received the Order of the British Empire "  for services to literature " from Prince Charles in 1998 . People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Author Terry Pratchett has died age 66 , his website says "  In over 70 books , Terry enriched the planet like few before him , " says publisher
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Cosmologist , theoretical physicist and author , Stephen Hawking is possibly the world 's greatest living scientist . Submit a question for scientist Stephen Hawking and we will put the best to him on "  The Spirit of Space " in October . Certainly , he is a preeminent authority on all things space-related . This is the man , after all , who once said : "  My goal is simple . It is a complete understanding of the universe . " It is this drive to get a better grasp on the laws which govern the universe that has informed Hawking 's research since the early days when he was a research fellow at Cambridge University in the UK . One of his great achievements since then , together with mathematician Roger Penrose , has been to prove that Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity means space and time has a beginning in the "  Big Bang " and ends in black holes . In 1998 , Hawking published "  A Brief History of Time , " a layman 's guide to the origins of the universe . The popular science book , which is aimed at helping the general public to answer questions like , "  Where did the universe come from ? " and "  Will it end and if so , how ? " is a best-seller and has since become a modern classic . As part of next month 's "  The Spirit of Space " show we are interviewing Hawking and giving Web site users the opportunity to submit a question to the professor . Please put forward your short and space-related questions in the Sound Off box below . We will put the best to him , and air his responses on "  The Spirit of Space " in October . The Spirit of Space will air at the following times in October : Thursday 9 October : 1300 , 1730 Saturday 11 October : 0700 , 1730 Sunday 12 October : 0300 , 0730 , 1300	Submit your space-related questions for Stephen Hawking We will put the best questions to arguably the world 's greatest living scientist His responses will be aired on "  The Spirit of Space " in October
CNN  -- In the pre-dawn darkness Saturday , long after her parents and brother were asleep , Atefeh Yazdi lay in bed cradling the house phone and her cell phone in her hands . Atefeh Yazdi visits with her grandfather , Dr. Ebrahim Yazdi , during his trip to America last year . The only light was from a television tuned to the latest news from Iran , and her laptop displaying her Facebook page in hope of any updates on what was happening halfway around the world . "  I kind of felt I was more there when I could n't see the rest of the room , just the TV and the Facebook , " the 28-year-old Iranian-American told CNN by telephone from her home in Mechanicsburg , Pennsylvania . Repeated calls to relatives in Tehran only got the "  annoying " Farsi-language error message . She recounted the thoughts running through her brain all night : "  Are they going to really shoot people ? What 's going to happen ? Is this going to turn into massive killing and violence ? " In Houston , Texas , Reza Soltani said the anxiety of waiting and wondering was like endless pacing at a hospital during a loved one 's operation . "  It feels like the operation started last week and it has n't ended , " Soltani , 28 , told CNN by telephone . "  I 'm worried . I 'm hoping it will be good but I 'm worried it will get very ugly . " The jumble of emotions -- fear , hope , anxiety , frustration -- were reality for millions of Iranian-Americans trying to find out if Iranian authorities would crush protests over last week 's election . President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming victor in voting that opposition groups called rigged . No independent monitors were permitted for the election . A threatening statement Friday by supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei increased fears of bloodshed . Iranian authorities have cut off traditional communications such as cell phone connections , and also banned foreign news outlets from covering the protests . Thousands of protesters took to the streets Saturday , even though the demonstrations were banned and police confronted them with clubs , tear gas and water cannons . The uncertainty and unrest strikes close to home for Yazdi , whose grandfather -- a longtime politician in Iran -- was arrested from his hospital bed this week . He 's been returned to the hospital , she said , but she does n't know if he 'll be arrested again or what will happen to other relatives . "  It 's very exhausting , " Yazdi said . "  I have this feeling I want to be there . I want to book the next flight . I want to be with the people . I do n't care about the risks involved . " Her parents , who left Iran in the 1970s before the Islamic Revolution , say such talk is foolish , she said . They are as worried as she is , but fear returning now would bring too much risk . "  There 's a generation gap , a culture gap , " she explained . It runs deep , defining her life as an American-born citizen of both Iran and the United States , who refers to Iranians as "  my people . " "  Being born and raised in America , where I was able to voice my opinion , do what I want , say what I wanted , I 'm culturally confused , " Yazdi said . "  I 'm not completely American the right way , and I 'm not completely Iranian the right way . " Soltani also mentioned the generation gap among Iranian-Americans , but he described it as more political . His parents ' generation lost everything in the revolution , and will only consider returning when the revolutionary regime has been toppled , he said . Older Iranian-Americans in the United States "  actually boycotted the election , saying if you vote you 're just legitimizing the government , " Soltani said . "  We sacrificed everything for you guys , and now you 're going to the other team , " is how Soltani characterized their attitude . "  They think the system needs to go completely , " he said . "  All they care is for the system to collapse . They think if the system collapses , they 're going to be able to go back . " No matter what happens , Soltani and Yazdi said , Iran is changed forever by this week 's events . "  I believe that anything that comes out of it will be positive , " Soltani said . "  Even if they fail now , the people know if they get in the streets in millions , they 're not going to be able to stop them . "	Pair describe fear and anxiety as they wait for news They believe Iran will be changed forever by the week 's events . Culture gap exists between older , younger Iranian-Americans , woman says
CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck off Japan 's eastern coast early Tuesday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . With a depth of 9 kilometers  5.6 miles  , the tremor was about 96 kilometers  almost 60 miles  east-northeast of Miyako and 550 kilometers  342 miles  north-northeast of Tokyo , according to the U.S. agency . The quake occurred just over a year and a half since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake triggered a huge tsunami off Japan , resulting in thousands of deaths and the world 's worst nuclear crisis in a quarter century . The Japan Meteorological Agency , however , did not issue any tsunami warnings or advisories immediately after the Tuesday morning quake , according to its website . No such warnings were issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center either . A little more than 30 minutes after this first earthquake , another significant , if slightly weaker one , hit the same general area . This 5.1-magnitude tremor was about the same distance from Tokyo as the first and about 107 kilometers  66 miles  east of Miyako -- which was among the areas devastated by the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami -- according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Tuesday 's second quake was much deeper than the first , rooted about 38 kilometers  23.6 miles  below sea level .	NEW : A second , slightly smaller quake hits about 30 minutes later in the same area The first , stronger 9-kilometer deep earthquake did not set off tsunami warnings It was centered about 550 kilometers  342 miles  north-northeast of Tokyo A stronger March 2011 quake triggered a tsunami that led to thousands of deaths
CNN Student News  -- April 30 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Gulf of Mexico • Santa Clara , California Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Arbor Day is awesome ! Especially when it falls on a Friday . To celebrate , we are branching out into a bunch of topics in today 's show . I 'm Carl Azuz . Let 's get to it . First Up : Oil Update AZUZ : The federal government will use "  every single available resource " to help contain that oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico . The secretary of Homeland Security declared it an incident of "  national significance . " What that means is that resources from other parts of the country can be used to try and control the spill . Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal already declared a state of emergency to help free up resources for the effort . Yesterday afternoon , the oil was about 16 miles off the Louisiana coast and headed toward shore . When it does start hitting the coast , it could threaten hundreds of species of wildlife : birds , shrimp , crabs , otters . In fact , the entire Gulf Coast fishing industry could be affected . Yesterday , we told you that the Coast Guard was going to try and contain part of the spill by setting it on fire . They did ; you can see the smoke from that fire right here . They were hoping to set another controlled burn yesterday , but the weather was n't cooperating . Some authorities think this spill is getting worse , much worse . At first , the estimate was that the spill was leaking out about a thousand barrels of oil per day . Now , the Coast Guard is saying that 's increased to as many as 5,000 barrels . That 's more than 200,000 gallons per day . Financial Reform AZUZ : The Senate is ready to debate a financial reform bill . When you hear the word debate , you mighty think of people being on opposite sides of something . This time , everyone agrees ! They all want to debate . Republicans and Democrats had been working on this bill in private sessions . They disagreed on some parts of it , and the Republicans -- plus a few Democrats -- blocked it from moving forward until those differences could be worked out . Late Wednesday , they changed their minds . Every senator , Republican and Democrat , voted to start debate . Immigration Reform AZUZ : The Senate 's looking at taking up another controversial issue : immigration reform . Some Democratic senators were planning to release a new proposal late yesterday . It would increase the number of border patrol officers and make it tougher to hire illegal workers . Plus , it outlines a process to legalize the millions of illegal immigrants in the U.S. . One Republican leader says the proposal is just an attempt to get voters out for November 's midterm elections . He says there 's no chance that immigration reform will move through Congress . Some Democratic sources say the same thing , that the odds of this passing the Senate this year are pretty slim . Word to the Wise MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... calorie  noun  a unit of energy or heat that is often associated with food Fast Food AZUZ : Your body needs calories for energy ; they fuel everything you do . But if you get too many of them or do n't burn them off with exercise , those calories can turn to fat . Lawmakers in part of California say that some fast food kids ' meals have too many calories . They believe one way to discourage kids from wanting those meals is to ban the toys that come with them . So , the new rule in Santa Clara , California : kids ' meals with more than 485 calories get no toy . Kids ' meals with less calories can still include the toy . There are also limits on fat and sodium , or salt . One lawmaker says this will help fight childhood obesity and "  breaks the link between unhealthy food and prizes . " But the California Restaurant Association thinks the rule goes too far , and some critics say parents should be responsible for what their children eat . Blog Promo AZUZ : This led us to consider a question that 's kind of like the video game question we asked the other day : Who 's responsible here ? Who should decide on calories ? Is it the government ? Should restaurants be responsible ? Should parents be responsible ? Go to our blog , tell us your opinion . The address : CNNStudentNews.com . This Day in History ON SCREEN GRAPHIC April 30 , 1789 - George Washington is inaugurated as first president of the United States April 30 , 1803 - Negotiations conclude on Louisiana Purchase , which doubles the size of the United States April 30 , 1975 - South Vietnam surrenders to the North , ending the Vietnam War ; remaining Americans are evacuated from Saigon Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to everyone whose parents serve in the U.S. Armed Forces ! What branch of the U.S. military was founded first ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it the : A  Army , B  Navy , C  Air Force or D  Marines ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The U.S. Army was established first , way back in June of 1775 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Military Child AZUZ : The Month of the Military Child pays tribute to people whose parents serve in all branches of the military . 1.7 million American kids have a parent who serves , and this month recognizes their sacrifices ; for example , when your mom or dad is away for months at a time . Sandra Endo shows us how the military is helping families stay in touch . BEGIN VIDEO SANDRA ENDO , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : So , where 's your daddy at ? AMARI LUNN , MILITARY CHILD : On a ship . ENDO : On a ship ? ENDO : Three-year-old Amari Lunn ca n't wait for daddy to come home . FAINA LUNN , MARRIED TO U.S. NAVAL OFFICER : I have to explain to him that daddy 's working . But he 's like , "  But when is daddy coming home ? " ENDO : Daddy is Navy Chief Gary Lunn , currently on the USS Dwight Eisenhower , deployed in the North Arabian Sea . Lunn has been deployed for six months ; his family eagerly awaits his return . F. LUNN : Where do you see daddy ? Do you see daddy on the TV ? A. LUNN : Yeah . ENDO : This is Lunn 's 9th deployment . But this one is different thanks to a program his kids affectionately call the "  Daddy Show . " F. LUNN : Press play . Back up so you can see daddy . ENDO : Through a non-profit program called United Through Reading , deployed service members can choose a book and record videos from their base to read aloud to their children . CHIEF GARY LUNN , U.S. NAVY : Today , I 'm going to read , the book is called "  The Ear Book . " A. LUNN : "  The Ear Book ! " ENDO : Programs like this one that help keep families connected are becoming increasingly popular in the military . When service members with kids are deployed for long stretches , psychologists say it 's the children who feel it the most . LYNETTE FRAGA , ZERO TO THREE : Some children may withdraw and you have a difficult time talking about their experience . Or some children are very aggressive and you might see them crying a lot or having trouble sleeping . ENDO : But with these videos , smiles often replace tears , especially for the Lunn family . ROMELLO LOVINSKY , MILITARY CHILD : It 's , like , better because I get to see him and he 'll get to talk with me and stuff on the videos . ENDO : Do you see a difference in your kids ? F. LUNN : Yes , yes . Now , he thinks daddy 's around more . ENDO : It 's also a major morale boost for the parent serving far away . G. LUNN : I know it 's helping me out a lot , especially knowing the response that 's coming from it . Just mentally , calming me down and enabling me to stay focused at my job . I love you . I love all of you . Muah ! A. LUNN : Muah ! ENDO : With the country engaged in two wars and many service members facing multiple deployments , the military is expanding and promoting programs which help ease the strain on families . Sandra Endo , CNN , Norfolk , Virginia . END VIDEO Comments AZUZ : Okay , at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews , a student named Adrian called our attention to the Month of the Military Child . He told us about his experience as one -- the service and the sacrifice -- and we asked for your experiences as well . Cory described it as an adventure , just by moving around and making new friends along the way . Ryan says it can be hard to keep friendships with the frequent moves , but that he 's grown up learning respect and flexibility . Nate says the hardest part is the time his dad spends away from home , but that he could n't be any more proud as his son . And Kevin says it 's hard because his family makes sacrifices , but it 's for a big cause . We thank and salute all of you military kids out there for your sacrifices . Before We Go AZUZ : And before we leave you today , you 've heard of electronic music . This would be the literal version : a mechanical marimba player . He 's not just banging out some pre-planned tune , either . This is jazz , and he 's improvising , learning what his fellow musicians are doing and then adapting to it . At least , that 's what they claim . Now , before any of you get worried about robots ruling the music industry , the point here is the interaction : man and machine working together . Goodbye AZUZ : And that sounds just fine to us , because do you really think a robots-only band would play jazz ? There 's no chance . They 'd totally be metal . Sunday starts National Teacher Appreciation Week . So , while you 've got some time over the weekend , why not send us an iReport with a Shoutout to your favorite teacher ? You , and I mean you , could be featured on our show ! Find out how to send us an iReport at CNNStudentNews.com . We 'll see you on Monday . Have a great weekend .	Learn why an oil spill is being called an incident of national significance Hear the details of a debate over removing toys from fast food kids ' meals See how the U.S. military helps keep troops in touch with their families Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
The future of space travel will depend on our ability to make rockets that can be used more than once , says SpaceX CEO Elon Musk . And on Saturday , he gave a crowd at the South by Southwest Interactive festival the world 's first look at a step in that direction . Musk , whose SpaceX Dragon is currently docked on the International Space Station , showed a packed exhibit hall a two-day-old video of Grasshopper , an experimental rocket . If fully realized , the rocket would propel spacecraft out of the earth 's atmosphere , then flip around , sprout landing gear and return intact to the launch pad . In the video , a 10-story-high Grasshopper rocket did just that -- except for the leaving-the-atmosphere part . It blasted off , hovered , and then set itself down at virtually the same spot where it began . The video , with its Johnny Cash "  Ring of Fire " soundtrack , drew cheers from the crowd . Friday was n't the first time Grasshopper has left the ground , but it was the most ambitious test to date , Musk said . "  With each successive test , we want to go higher and further , " he said . Musk , a festival keynote speaker , made his fortune as the founder of Paypal . From there , he 's taken on private spaceflight as CEO of SpaceX , electric vehicles as CEO and chief designer of Tesla Motors , and solar energy as chairman of Solar City . "  Elon may be the planet 's most exciting entrepreneur , " said SXSW Interactive director Hugh Forrest . Historic launch of private rocket heralds new era During a question-and-answer session with "  3D Robotics " editor-in-chief Chris Anderson , Musk said that affordable commercial space travel will never be possible with the current model , which relies on single-use booster rockets . "  Every mode of transportation we 're used to ... they 're all reusable , but not rockets , " Musk said . "  If we ca n't make rockets reusable , the cost is just prohibitive . " He said a reusable rocket could make space launches 100 times cheaper . The price of fuel , oxygen and the like for a launch currently amounts to just a fraction of 1 % of its overall cost , he said . Musk also recounted the stressful moments around last week 's launch of the unmanned Dragon cargo vessel , which linked up with the Space Station last Sunday . "  It 's extremely nerve-wracking , " he said . "  The thing about a rocket launch is that all your work is distilled into these few minutes , especially the few seconds before liftoff . " The Dragon mission had some extra nail-biting moments . Once in space , three of its four thruster pods malfunctioned . Engineers were able to write new code and beam it to the capsule and "  pressure slam " oxygen into tanks that had failed to oxidize . "  We were sort of trying to give it the spacecraft equivalent of the Heimlich maneuver , " he said . "  It was hardcore . I do n't want to go through that again . " Musk also confirmed that , while he 's in Texas , he 's meeting with state lawmakers about the possibility of building a commercial launch site in the state . Currently , SpaceX -- which both works alongside NASA and counts the agency among its clients -- launches from Cape Canaveral in Florida and Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , which are both government sites . Musk said Texas is the leading candidate for the launch site and that , if things go smoothly , construction could begin as early as next year .	Elon Musk : Commercial space flight wo n't be affordable without reusable rockets CEO of SpaceX gives keynote at South by Southwest Interactive festival The SpaceX Dragon is currently docked at the International Space Station Musk also is CEO and chief designer at Tesla Motors , maker of electric cars
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iran 's parliament speaker has criticized U.S. President-elect Barack Obama for saying that Iran 's development of a nuclear weapon is unacceptable . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has outlined where he thinks U.S. policy needs to change . Ali Larijani said Saturday that Obama should apply his campaign message of change to U.S. dealings with Iran . "  Obama must know that the change that he talks about is not simply a superficial changing of colors or tactics , " Larijani said in comments carried by the semi-official Mehr News Agency . "  What is expected is a change in strategy , not the repetition of objections to Iran 's nuclear program , which will be taking a step in the wrong direction . " In his first post-election news conference Friday afternoon , Obama reiterated that he believes a nuclear-armed Iran would be "  unacceptable . " He also said he would help mount an international effort to prevent it from happening . Larijani said that U.S. behavior toward Iran "  will not change so simply " but that Obama 's election showed internal conditions in the United States have shifted . He added that Iran does not mind if the United States provides other Persian Gulf countries with nuclear technology , but "  you should know that you can not prevent the Islamic Republic -LSB- from reaching its goals in the nuclear field -RSB- , " according to the news agency . Obama cautioned Friday that it had only been a few days since the election and that he was not in office . "  Obviously , how we approach and deal with a country like Iran is not something that we should simply do in a knee-jerk fashion . I think we 've got to think it through , " Obama said . "  But I have to reiterate once again that we only have one president at a time . And I want to be very careful that we are sending the right signals to the world as a whole that I am not the president , and I wo n't be until January 20th . " Larijani was speaking two days after Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad congratulated Obama , the first time an Iranian leader has offered such wishes to a U.S. president-elect since the 1979 Islamic Revolution . One analyst said the welcome was a gesture from the hard-line president that he is open to a more conciliatory relationship with the United States . Ahmadinejad said Tehran "  welcomes basic and fair changes in U.S. policies and conducts , " according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency on Thursday . Relations between the United States and Iran have historically been chilly and have been further strained in recent years over Iran 's nuclear program . Tehran insists that the program exists for peaceful purposes , but the United States and other Western nations are concerned by Iran 's refusal to halt uranium enrichment activities . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Iran criticizes Obama for saying nuclear weapon development unacceptable Parliamentary speaker says Obama should apply campaign message of change U.S.-Iran tensions high over Tehran 's nuclear ambitions
CNN  -- At last it appears the pieces in soccer 's latest transfer window jigsaw are slowly falling into place . A pair of big-money moves involving English Premier League clubs on Wednesday could spark a frenzy of activity as Europe 's leading clubs aim to finish their business before Tuesday 's deadline . London-based club Tottenham Hotspur are at the coalface as things stand , securing a $ 40 million deal shortly after missing out on another to rivals Chelsea . All this with the potential world record transfer of their star player Gareth Bale to Spanish giants Real Madrid simmering in the background -- a move that manager Andre Villas-Boas admits is close . But while the two English clubs are splashing out lavish sums on new players , the teams they are buying from are resigned to having to offload their big names in a bid to balance the books . Russian club Anzhi Makhachkala announced their intention to sell a swathe of their stars earlier this month , alerting both Chelsea and Tottenham to the availability of Brazilian midfielder Willian . The 25-year-old appeared to be set for a move to Tottenham , but Chelsea swooped in to hijack the deal and on Wednesday announced it had been completed , for a fee reported to be $ 46.5 million . It means manager Jose Mourinho has ten midfielders at his disposal and raises the prospect that Spanish playmaker Juan Mata , who has n't featured in Chelsea 's first two games of the season , might be sold . Willian told Chelsea 's official website : "  Chelsea are one of the best clubs in the world , and now I 'm going to play for one of the best managers in the world . "  It 's been my dream to come to play here . Chelsea was always my first choice . "  Finally it 's become a reality , and when the offer came I never gave a thought to anybody else , I said to myself that I would run here , and I 'm happy to be here now . " Chelsea are still in the market for Manchester United and England striker Wayne Rooney , who played for the English champions against Chelsea in their goalless draw on Monday night . The striker was afforded a fine reception by the home supporters , and took to his Facebook page on Wednesday to thank them for their support , the biggest hint yet that he might opt to stay at Old Trafford . Tottenham 's frustration at missing out on Willian might have been eased by a new signing of their own , as Italian club AS Roma announced midfielder Erik Lamela was set to join them for a fee of $ 39.9 million . At the same time the club confirmed the signing of Adam Ljajic from fellow Serie A side Fiorentina for $ 14.5 million , who is expected to fill the gap left by Lamela , from Argentina . Lamela 's acquisition means Tottenham have broken their transfer record three times in the close season , after the arrivals of Paulinho from Corinthians and Roberto Soldado from Valencia . They have also signed Toulouse midfielder Etienne Capoue and Belgian winger Nacer Chadli as Villas-Boas overhauls his squad in the face of Bale 's departure . The Welshman 's move to Real appears to be moving closer given Tottenham 's transfer outlay , Villas-Boas telling a news conference on Wednesday it could happen "  very soon . " But the Portuguese also registered his disappointment that Bale has missed several training sessions as the saga unfolded . "  He is involved in a big transfer move to Real Madrid and in the end if it happens , we wish him all the best , but the fact that he has n't turned up is not the correct behavior , " Villas-Boas told reporters . "  That is the position they chose to take and it 's up to the club to decide if it 's a fineable offense . " As for how quickly Bale 's switch to Spain could be concluded Villas-Boas added : "  It could happen very , very soon . "  Will he be in tomorrow ? I do n't know . I 'm not really in control of the situation I 've left it up to the club to decide what they want to do . "  It 's up to Gareth  whether he wants to come back again  . He has a good relationship with everybody and he has saluted the players the other day , myself included . "	Brazilian midfielder Willian joins Chelsea in a deal reported to be worth $ 46.5 m The 25-year-old had seemed destined for a switch to Tottenham Hotspur Roma announce Erik Lamela is on his way to Tottenham for $ 39.9 million Gareth Bale 's move to Real Madrid edges closer admits Andre Villas-Boas
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The South Korean Navy fired warning shots after three North Korean patrol boats crossed the maritime border at the Yellow Sea , an official with the South Korean Defense Ministry said . The North Korean boats crossed into the South Korean waters at the boundary , known as Northern Limit Line  NLL  , at around 4 p.m. local time  3 a.m. ET  on Tuesday . The ships returned to the northern side after a South Korean naval vessel fired ten warning shots . The NLL is the de facto maritime border , which stretches from the western coast of the peninsula into the Yellow Sea , marking the boundary between the two neighbors . It was set by the United Nations following the Korean War but the North does not recognize it . Incidents have been known to occur on and around the border , including one earlier this year when North and South Korean artillery batteries exchanged hundreds of shells .	South Korean Navy fires at three North Korean patrol boats Tuesday North 's boats crossed Northern Limit Line around 4 p.m. , South Korean official says
CNN  -- World leaders , agencies and officials mourned the death of Polish president Lech Kaczynski who was killed in a plane crash early Saturday . U.S. President Barack Obama : "  Today , I called Polish Prime Minister Tusk to express Michelle 's and my deepest condolences to the people of Poland on the tragic deaths this morning of President Lech Kaczynski , First Lady Maria Kaczynski , and all who were traveling with them to commemorate the 70th anniversary of the Katyn massacre . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the Kaczynski family , the loved ones of those killed in this tragic plane crash , and the Polish nation . Today 's loss is devastating to Poland , to the United States , and to the world . President Kaczynski was a distinguished statesman who played a key role in the Solidarity movement , and he was widely admired in the United States as a leader dedicated to advancing freedom and human dignity . " Russian President Dmitry Medvedev : The Russian president offered his condolences to Polish Parliament Speaker Bronislaw Komorowski during a telephone conversation with him , Interfax reported . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown : "  I was shocked and saddened at the death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Maria . President Kaczynski was one of the defining actors in Poland 's modern political history . "  From his role in the Solidarity movement to his long and distinguished career in public service -- including as Justice Minister , Mayor of Warsaw , and most recently as President of Poland -- he will mourned across the world and remembered as a passionate patriot and democrat . My thoughts are with his family and countrymen at this most difficult of times . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy : The president said he learned of Kaczynski 's death with "  great emotion and a deep sadness " and expressed his sympathy to the families of the president and other victims . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton : "  Like the country he led , President Kaczynski was one of America 's most valued and trusted allies . He was well known in the United States as a champion for democracy against an oppressive regime , a man whose journey took him from the Gdansk Shipyards to the presidency of a free people . "  President Kaczynski was an unstinting advocate for freedom and human rights not just in Poland , but around the world . " Former President George W. Bush : "  President Kaczynski was a strong defender of freedom and a friend to the United States . Laura and I have fond memories of our visits with the President and Maria . On this sad day , we send our heartfelt condolences to people of Poland , and especially to the families of all those lost in this tragic accident . " Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu : "  We share in the profound grief of the Polish people over the loss of President Kaczynski , his wife and all of the members of the Polish delegation . I knew President Kaczynski as a Polish patriot , as a great friend of Israel and as a leader who was very active on behalf of his people and for advancing peace and prosperity in the world . " Kanat Saudabayev , chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe : "  I offer my deepest condolences to the Polish people and to the families of those killed in this tragic accident . Our hearts go out to you in this difficult time . " Afghan President Hamid Karzai : "  The Polish president was a good ally and friend of Afghanistan in fighting against terrorists . The president expressed condolences on behalf of the Afghan people to the friend , families , soldiers and the Polish people . " British Queen Elizabeth II : "  It is with the deepest sorrow that I have learnt of the death of President Lech Kaczynski and First Lady Madame Kaczynska . On this sad occasion . "  I recall President Kaczynski 's long and distinguished public service and his role in the Solidarity movement . The deaths of many other of Poland 's leading figures , including former President in Exile Kaczorowski , only serve to deepen this tragedy . " Clarence House  Prince Charles and his wife , Camilla  : "  The Prince of Wales and The Duchess of Cornwall are shocked and deeply upset by the tragic death of Polish President Lech Kaczynski , Madame Kaczynski and many others at Smolensk airport this morning . As guests of The President and his wife only a few weeks ago , Their Royal Highnesses experienced at first hand their generous hospitality during what was a very memorable and enjoyable visit to Poland . " German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle : "  We are deeply affected by the death of the Polish President and his wife , and probably members of the government . We are in deep compassion with the family members and all victims of this catastrophe . We are shocked by this news and full of sorrow . We mourn with the Polish people , our neighbours . We are losing personalities on which Europe could build , when it needed to . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon : "  On behalf of the United Nations , the Secretary-General expresses his deep and heartfelt condolences to the people and Government of Poland and to the families of those who perished . The Secretary-General said President Kaczynski had served his country and people with distinction and conviction , and was deservedly respected internationally . That he died en route to an event marking a new level of reconciliation between Poland and Russia is particularly poignant . " The U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley : "  This is a horrible tragedy for Poland . We extend to the people of Poland our deepest condolences . "	World figures offer condolences after Lech Kaczynski 's death in plane crash Polish president , senior Polish official died in crash early Saturday U.S. President Barack Obama says loss of Polish president "  devastating " British Prime Minister Gordon Brown "  shocked and saddened "
CNN  -- A Georgia judge signed off Friday on the prosecution 's request to drop all murder charges against Andrea Sneiderman , whom authorities have said conspired with her boss to have her husband killed . Prosecutors said the murder charges against Sneiderman were "  unjust and unethical " because they were n't positive they could prove them . Before the decision , Sneiderman was facing malice murder , felony murder and aggravated assault charges related to the death of her husband , Rusty . All three were dismissed . Prosecutors will continue to pursue four counts of perjury , seven counts of making false statements to law enforcement officials and one count of hindering the apprehension of a criminal . Jury selection begins Monday . If convicted of the lesser charges , Sneiderman could still face a sizable prison sentence . One conviction of perjury carries a possible sentence of five to 10 years under Georgia law . Rusty Sneiderman , a Harvard-educated businessman , was gunned down in the parking lot of a suburban Atlanta preschool in November of 2010 . He was shot four times while children played less than 30 feet away . Hemy Neuman , the gunman who also was Andrea Sneiderman 's boss and alleged lover , is serving life in prison for the slaying . A jury found him guilty but mentally ill in March 2012 . A judge ruled during the Friday pretrial hearing to allow statements into the trial made by Neuman to his friend , Melanie White . Prosecutors said Neuman confided in White about his alleged affair with Sneiderman , a fact they say can be bolstered by evidence . But the defense argued that Neuman was a "  certifiable lunatic " and that his statements are n't reliable . He told psychiatric evaluators that he saw hallucinations of demons resembling Barry White and angels resembling singer Olivia Newton-John who told him that the Sneiderman children were his and he needed to kill Rusty . Judge Gregory Adams has delayed his ruling on the defense 's request to let Andrea Sneiderman remove her ankle monitor and be allowed to have contact with friends who are witnesses in the case . The judge denied a defense request to delay the trial six months to a year because of the "  unrelenting " media attention . Andrea Sneiderman entered a plea of not guilty , with her lawyers issuing a statement saying she "  categorically " denies each and "  every one of the charges " filed against her . InSession 's Nancy Leung and CNN 's Tristan Smith contributed to this report .	Malice murder , felony murder and aggravated assault charges are dropped Andrea Sneiderman was accused of plotting to have her husband killed She still faces other charges , including perjury and lying to law enforcement Jury selection in her trial is set for next week
Entertainment Weekly  -- Neither the magic of Harry Potter nor the combined star power of Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler was enough to keep a crew of wise-cracking guinea pigs from scurrying to the top of the box office this weekend . Disney 's family comedy "  G-Force " made an estimated $ 32.2 million in its debut . Disney 's family comedy "  G-Force , " produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and featuring the voices of Nicolas Cage , Will Arnett , and Penelope Cruz as a team of world-saving rodents , made an estimated $ 32.2 million in its debut . Despite opening hot on the heels of the one-week old "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " the animation/live action hybrid pic was a hit with young audiences , pulling 55 percent of its viewers from the under-18 crowd . But Potter 's box office magic has n't worn off just yet : The series ' sixth installment landed in the number two spot its second weekend with $ 30 million , bringing its total to $ 221.8 million . After just 12 days in theaters , ` Half-Blood ' is already the fifth biggest hit of the year domestically , not to mention overseas , where the powerhouse has raked in an additional $ 236 million . There was plenty for adults to enjoy at the box office , too . "  The Ugly Truth , " a raunchy R-rated rom-com that pits Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler in a battle of the sexes , scored an impressive $ 27 million bow , a career best for both Heigl and director Robert Luketic  "  Legally Blonde "  . The weekend 's other wide release , Warner Bros ' creepy "  Orphan " -- starring Peter Sarsgaard and Vera Farmiga -- pulled in $ 12.8 million from an audience that was 55 percent female . Lower down on the chart , Fox Searchlight 's "  500  Days of Summer "  at number 11 with $ 3 million  is still building momentum . The quirky rom-com posted a hefty $ 19,176 per-site average and a 95 percent increase over its debut last weekend . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Disney 's family comedy brought in an estimated $ 32.2 million over the weekend The sixth installment of the "  Potter " series raked in another $ 30 million at No. 2 "  The Ugly Truth , " starring Katherine Heigl and Gerard Butler , took in $ 27 million Check out the other top earners on this weekend 's top 10 list
Editor 's note : upwave is Turner Broadcasting 's new lifestyle brand designed to entertain the health into you ! Visit upwave.com for more information and follow upwave on Twitter , Facebook , YouTube , Pinterest and Instagram @upwaveofficial . upwave.com  -- Remember when Arnold Schwarzenegger used to promise us kids a special certificate from school if we did 100 push-ups in a row during gym ? Well , it 's not all jumping jacks and gray sweatpants these days -- but you still got ta move if you want to feel good . How much , you say ? According to Let 's Move , today 's national fitness program , kids should get a total of 60 minutes of physical activity each day , and adults need 30 . Here 's why it matters , especially for the kids : Childhood obesity rates have tripled since the '80s , and at this rate , one third of all children born in 2000 or later will suffer from diabetes at some point in their lives . And let 's not mention heart disease , asthma and tons of other largely preventable weight-related ailments . Besides , exercise just feels good -- and do n't you think most family outings could use a bit more of that ? So ditch the minivan and the trip to Chuck E. Cheese and head outside ! Believe it or not , your kids will thank you : Endorphins plus fresh air and a fun family experience equals a refreshing way to get in better shape -- and you do n't need to chase over-caffeinated children all over a noisy pizza arcade to do it . And with that said , here are six ways to move it , shake it and make exercise packed with family fun : upwave : 7 reasons to sweat outdoors  you 'll thank us Walk the walk . If your crew usually heads to the couch after dinner , make them save their favorite show to the DVR and take a walk instead . Not long , not far , but make sure you get outside and let your meal digest while you stroll . If you 're in a city , walk around the block ; suburban dwellers can make tracks around the cul-de-sac . The point is simple : fresh air and a few steps together . What you need : Comfy shoes for sure . A stroller is optional . If it makes life fun , bring bikes , Razor scooters , roller skates and the dog , too -- anything that brings a smile to your party on the go . Make screen time smarter . Stop begging the kids to put away the video games ... and play with them instead ! Fire up the Wii and compete with classics like "  Bowling , " or bust a move with "  Just Dance . " Families with wee ones will love "  Mario Kart " and "  Wii Fit . " Even "  Rock Band " will get you up and out of your seat , which is the whole idea . More into watching plain ol' TV ? Make it a goal  or competition  to jump up during commercials ; whoever gets up first -- and stays on his or her feet for the duration of the commercial break -- wins . upwave : Stop sitting , it 's really bad for you Admittedly , a Nintendo Wii is an investment , but if you 're game  see what we did there ?  , it 's easy to find refurbished models for less than half the price of the latest and greatest . Take a hike . During the fall , there 's nothing like an adventure in the great outdoors . National Geographic recently touted the Sourdough Ridge Trail at Mount Rainier National Park in Washington State as one of the best family-friendly hikes in the U.S. . They called it a "  mini-adventure through flower-filled meadows " and "  a great way to introduce kids to the beauty of the high country . " Whether you 're trekking in snow-capped mountains or at your local state park , it 's hard to beat the call of the wild -- even if you 're doing it with a Baby Bjorn . Speaking of which , if you 're hiking with small children , you 'll need an aluminum-framed baby backpack ; look for one with a sun visor , water bottle pocket and a design that allows you to set the pack down with the child still sitting inside . Bring a bandana that you can soak in water for quick cool downs , plus some dried fruit to nosh on .  It 's the single best snack to bring on hikes , because it wo n't melt or turn to dust if someone accidentally crushes the pack with his hiking boot . upwave : How to hike with a baby Strike a pose . If the wilds are n't for you , stay inside and stretch . Family yoga is huge now -- and that means your options are , too . Many studios offer family workouts , including partner poses and group discounts . You can get your Downward-Facing Dog on at home , too : There are kid-friendly cards with adorably illustrated yoga poses , illustrated books for kids and of course DVDs on yoga for families designed to guide your group through Tree Pose and Warrior Pose , too . All you 'll need is loose , stretchable clothing and a mat  a folded beach towel will work  . If you do yoga at home , do n't get hung up on whether the kids are doing the moves right , or even doing all of them at all . Let them imitate you the way they want to . Chances are you 'll be amazed at their flexibility . upwave : Does stretching really do anything ? Run through the mud . Mud runs are everywhere -- you know , runs where you slip on a costume and slide through miles of muddy terrain ? Many of them are also open to families . A single online search for "  family mud run " resulted in pages of events happening all over the country this year . Moms and dads are Running the Ridge in Schenectady , New York , where "  features built by diabolical minds  are  ready to test you and your mud-running skills . " And families are getting dirty for charity in Pennsylvania : The Kids ' Peace 5K Family Fun Mud Run takes place on a 250-acre campus that includes a sandpit crawl , cargo-net climb , Slip 'N Slide and of course a mud pit . If your family and your washing machine can take it , sign up for something near you now . Necessary : Running shoes . Costumes are optional . Just make sure both are things you do n't mind getting dirty . Skip the sports drinks but do bring water bottles . Consider having a family T-shirt or team bottles made up . Bring a fresh set of clothes  including shoes  for everyone , along with a plastic bag to store the dirties in for the ride home . upwave : 5 mud runs not to miss Hit the surf . Imagine yourself on a surfboard , ripping through the waves under a tropical sun . Now picture your kids splashing and smiling on their boards all the way to the shore . Truth ? Surfing is wicked hard . But it 's also a total adventure , and one that 's now catering to families . And you do n't have to head to Hawaii to do it  though you certainly could  : Family surfing packages are popping up all over , from Costa Rica to the more local shores of California and North Carolina . Packages include room , board and some of the best instructors around  see "  wicked hard " above  . Word to the wise : Spring for a rash-guard shirt and the thickest SPF you can find . Then just hang loose like it 's 1989 , duuude . This article was originally published on upwave.com & COPY ; 2013 upwave , All Rights Reserved .	Child obesity rates have tripled since the 1980s , so families need to get active Endorphins plus fresh air equals a refreshing way to get in better shape Instead of plopping down in front of the TV , head out for a walk after dinner Do n't make kids put away the video games -- play active ones like "  Just Dance "
CNN  -- It 's unlikely that you 've heard of PJ King , despite the fact that he 's about to set himself apart from most humans who 've ever walked the planet . In as soon as 18 months , King could be launching into space as a paying commercial space tourist . King , a 41-year-old Irish businessman , is one of hundreds of travelers who 've signed up and trained to be among the first paying passengers aboard Virgin Galactic 's trips to suborbital space -- 62 miles above the Earth . "  One of the reasons I 'm doing this is precisely because I want these things to be ordinary , " King said . "  Part of the problem with space travel is that it is special . " King believes the $ 200,000 he and other passengers pay for a seat on a Virgin Galactic spacecraft will help create a new future when "  flights like this are happening every week , when lots of people go , and the cost has been massively reduced due to the economics of scale . " Prices are coming down , even before space tourism has started taking off . Russia charges private travelers $ 40 million to ride on its Soyuz spacecraft and spend a few days aboard the international space station . For a much shorter journey , Virgin Galactic wants $ 200,000 for a flight to suborbital space . But Space Adventures advertises suborbital trips for about half that price : $ 102,000 . King says he knows people who 've taken out mortgages to buy their spacecraft tickets . The plunging prices are opening doors to consumers which have been all but closed for half a century to everyone except "  right stuff " supermen and superwomen with names like John Glenn , Neil Armstrong and Sally Ride . "  I believe in this , " King said . "  This is not a just a bunch of rich people going into space for fun . " About 360 paying passengers have signed up to be among Virgin Galactic 's first travelers , CEO George Whitesides said . After the initial launches , he expects that number to grow to thousands and tens of thousands . "  That 's a fundamental shift , " he said . "  A whole bunch of our major assumptions about space travel are undergoing a major shift . " This past year has seen important strides toward this shift . Washington licensed Jacksonville , Florida 's Cecil Field as the nation 's eighth non-government spaceport in January . New Mexico 's Spaceport America , where Virgin Galactic plans to permanently base its space flights , completed a nearly 2-mile spacecraft runway this month . Virgin Galactic test-flew its spacecraft Sunday . A firm that arranges private space travel , Space Adventures , announced private partnerships this year with Boeing and Texas-based Armadillo Aerospace , a rocket development firm headed by John Carmack , the programmer-businessman behind the famed "  Doom " video games . Boeing : Come fly to space with us King recalls the exact moment when he decided he wanted to go . When he was a youth in Ireland 's countryside , far from city streetlights , the Milky Way laid out a virtual welcome mat for him . "  I remember thinking how strange it was that after man had conquered the moon , we appeared to have given up afterwards , " said King , who built and sold his Clockworks International software company during the booming 1990s . "  I think a lot of people imagined there would have been more progress in terms of space flight . " Virgin Galactic plans for each traveler to undergo a three-day pre-flight launch preparation program immediately before each mission . But many who 've signed up , including King , have undergone centrifuge training to experience in-flight stresses stronger than gravity , known as G-forces . "  At six Gs , talking is extremely difficult , " King said . "  It feels like you 've got a weight on your chest and your head is stuck to the back of the seat . " King refers to himself and his Virgin Galactic colleagues as astronauts , a job title Col. Buzz Aldrin , the second man to walk on the moon , is quite familiar with . "  I do n't think these space tourists should be called astronauts , " Aldrin said . "  That term was created by the U.S. military . My suggestions would be star-traveler or starflyer . " Aldrin says he hopes his high-profile activities like competing on TV 's "  Dancing with the Stars " and his new iPhone app will spur continued interest in space . "  In general , the private companies are more efficient ... but I think the government has its hands full trying to do exploration . " Virgin Galactic owner Sir Richard Branson and a virtual hall of fame of other wealthy business figures have invested much of their vast fortunes in hopes of gaining a toe hold in commercial space . Budget Suites owner Robert Bigelow , PayPal co-founder Elon Musk and Amazon.com 's Jeff Bezos are all developing their own space hardware for traveling to -- or living in -- Earth orbit . Working with NASA , their companies are developing space stations , spaceplanes , rockets and capsules for space travelers . Many of these systems are expected to be operating and deployed within the next five years . "  This is a big deal , and the American people should be excited about it , " said Charles Miller , NASA 's senior adviser for commercial space . "  If you get the Steve Jobs and Bill Gates and Sergey Brins of American entrepreneurs working on space travel for the American people in partnership with the U.S. government , that 's a good thing , which is why it was done . " NASA 's shift toward the privatization of space has been planned since the Reagan administration , Miller said , and it comes as the 30-year-old shuttle program is set to end next year . Shuttle layoffs leave some workers adrift At the New Mexico spaceport , about 60 miles north of Las Cruces , workers are completing a combination traveler terminal and spacecraft hangar that looks right out of TV 's "  The Jetsons . " Tourists will gain access to the spaceport by boarding special buses at welcome centers in the nearby towns of Truth or Consequences and Hatch , said Rick Homans , the spaceport 's executive director . Plans call for facilities accommodating about a half-million annual visitors to be finished in 18 to 24 months , including a "  second-to-none " restaurant , space exhibits and simulators that replicate G-forces and weightlessness , Homans said . Spaceport officials are considering offering flights for visitors to watch Virgin Galactic spacecraft blast into suborbit from 50,000 feet . "  We want them to be able to talk to inventors , rocket scientists , to see the spaceships and to witness the technology as much as possible , " Homans said . Visitors may be able to launch model rockets or walk on terrain replicating the moon or Mars . Could these developments in space tourism lead to more practical applications , like a successor to the defunct supersonic Concorde aircraft ? Space designers imagine a network of hypersonic spaceplanes that would take off from a runway in New Mexico and land at a Tokyo spaceport 45 minutes later . Is point-to-point hypersonic travel around the globe possible in the near future ? "  We 're a long way from that , " Miller said . "  We could do it in a decade if there was a commitment to doing it , but it is not a priority for anybody I know in the U.S. government . "	Traveling to space is just months away for hundreds of paying tourists , experts say Prices for suborbital space flights are already dropping from $ 200,000 to $ 102,000 Jeff Bezos , "  Doom " games ' John Carmack , PayPal 's Elon Musk developing space systems New Mexico spaceport aims to host 500,000 tourists a year as Virgin Galactic base
Dr. Rick Sacra , who entered The Nebraska Medical Center three weeks ago with Ebola , was released Thursday . "  The CDC has declared me safe and free of the virus , " Sacra said at a news conference . "  Thank God , I love you all ! " Sacra joked about now being a lifetime Huskers fan as he thanked his medical team , the biocontainment unit team and his friend , Dr. Kent Brantly . Sacra and Brantly were infected with Ebola while working in Liberia with the aid organization Serving in Mission . Sacra was treating patients in an obstetrics clinic in Monrovia and was not working directly with Ebola patients . He said that he does not know how he became infected with the virus but that it 's possible one of the women he helped had the disease . Brantly , who tested negative for the deadly virus after receiving treatment in Atlanta , flew to Nebraska where Sacra was in isolation and donated his blood two weeks ago . Doctors believe Brantly 's plasma had antibodies that Sacra needed to help his immune system fight the deadly virus . The Nebraska Medical Center owns one of just a few biocontainment units that exist in the United States . "  I did say , wow , Nebraska ? Who made that decision ? " Sacra joked . "  Once I heard about  the biocontainment unit  I was like cool , I 've never been to Nebraska . " In addition to the blood transfusion , doctors gave Sacra aggressive supportive care , including electrolytes and IV fluids . The Nebraska doctors also gave Sacra an experimental drug called TKM-Ebola , which the FDA recently approved for wider use . Sacra locked himself in his room for three days when he first came down with a fever in Liberia on August 29 . A mobile CDC lab confirmed he had the disease on the third day , and by the sixth he was flying home to the United States . "  I never felt like I was not going to make it , " he said . "  The care was so excellent , so speedy , so prompt , that I 'm just thanking God for that . " Sacra says he is now feeling good , though he 's still very weak . He was up to five minutes on a stationary bike he had in his hospital room before being released , but even that tired him out . What happens when you survive Ebola ? Sacra has done missionary health work for the past 25 years . He had flown to Monrovia in August after learning his colleagues from Serving in Mission had gotten sick . Sacra worried that Ebola would cause a "  domino effect " on the already vulnerable Liberian health care system and that people with common ailments would n't get help . When Sacra arrived in Monrovia , that 's exactly what he found . His wife , Debbie , has said there was n't a single pair of latex gloves to buy in the entire city . Without protective equipment , medical clinics shut down . She says Sacra drove from hardware store to hardware store , looking for boots to protect his staff . When he was finally able to open the clinic , for some it was too late . She says dozens of pregnant women who needed Cesarean sections turned up at the clinic after having failed to find help anywhere else in the city . By the time these women arrived at Sacra 's clinic "  only the mothers ' lives could be saved , " Debbie Sacra said . At the news conference , Rick Sacra thanked everyone around the world who had prayed for him during his time of need and asked for more prayers and practical health for the people of West Africa . "  The Ebola crisis continues to spin out of control , " he said . He and his wife will return home soon , where Sacra said he hopes to take his dog for a long walk . He knows his recovery will move slowly , as Brantly told him to "  be patient . " But he is not ruling out an eventual return to Liberia , the country he called his second home .	Dr. Rick Sacra , an American Ebola patient in Nebraska , is released from a medical center Sacra received plasma from a survivor and an experimental drug He has been declared free of the Ebola virus
CNN  -- Bombardier is not a name many associate with commercial flight . The Canadian plane manufacturer , which for years has based its business on its smaller , regional jets , has not traditionally been in a position to challenge the likes of Airbus and Boeing when it comes to providing larger carriers . All of that could to change , however , as the company is scheduled to test fly its first C-series jet this June . Bombardier is banking a lot on their new planes , which cost them $ 3.4 billion to produce . The sizable investment seems paltry , however , when compared to the size of the market they hope to penetrate : aircraft that seat 100 to 150 make up a $ 2 trillion industry . Bombardier is hoping to scoop up half of that . With their C-series priced considerably below their competition  the $ 61 million price tag is 30 % cheaper than what Airbus and Boeing charge for similar models  , they stand a pretty good chance . "  It 's an aggressive world . We 've got to differentiate ourselves with the right product , " notes Mike Arcamone , the president of Bombardier Commercial Aircraft . The company claims the new planes will not only burn 20 % less fuel , but will also have 25 % fewer operating cost than their rivals ' . They 've already pulled in over 350 orders , with Korean Air , airBaltic and Luxair first in line to add the planes to their fleet . First , however , the new planes need to undergo certification , a process that is expected to be much more stringent in light of the recent problems of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner . Robert Dewer , the vice president and general manager of Bombardier 's C-series , insists they are n't jumping the gun . "  It 's actually a thin line where you have to support the flight test plan as fast as you can , give yourself the flexibility to introduce any changes that may arise , and at the same time be ready to ramp up the production aircraft as soon as possible , " he says . Moreover , he expects the new planes will pass with flying colors . "  We already have a very rigorous process . We throttle  each plane  more than any aircraft will see in its entire history . We pull  the wings  up , pull them down , add weight to them and take them right to the point of breaking . " The planes , he says , must be 150 % stronger than the worst forces they could face during a flight . Furthermore , when presented with the opportunity to use a lithium battery back in 2011 , Bombardier instead opted for something more conventional . "  We studied  the battery  quite extensively , " says Dewer . "  We decided in the end that the technology was really not mature for us . It was a risk versus reward  scenario  , and there was a lot of perceived risk . " The company has also introduced a couple of features that will make flying easier and safer for pilots , most notably the screen area in the flight deck is more than double the surface area than on other aircraft . "  The advantage of that is that you can have more information available to the pilot directly , without having to cascade menus , " explains Dewer . "  You always want to lower the pilot 's workload so that he can really manage the aircraft well . " It 's too early to tell if Bombardier 's gamble on the new series will pay off , but Arcamone is optimistic about their chances . "  We 've just started to fight , " he says . "  We said we were going to have about 300 firm orders when the aircraft goes into service . We are well on our way to achieving that objective . "	Canadian aircraft manufacturer set to test fly new C-series commercial jet Company hope it will challenge single-aisle jets of bigger rivals Over $ 3 billion invested in developing the new plane ; industry is worth $ 2 trillion There are orders for 350 planes already , say company
CNN  -- It seems people only pay attention anymore when the rocket blows up . Just seconds into its launch Tuesday evening , the Orbital Sciences Antares rocket , carrying supplies to the International Space Station , suffered an explosion in the aft end of its first stage , fell back onto the launch pad and blew up in a spectacular fireball . Within minutes , the major news organizations had picked up the story and began running live interviews of eyewitnesses and experts . We learned of the experiments that were being transported to the ISS , including several student/school science projects . Had all gone as planned , the news of the launch would have earned scant mention , and certainly very few in the general public would have known anything about what was on board . Twenty years ago , I launched on my first space shuttle mission . At the time , the O.J. Simpson trial was under way , and I understand that at least one major TV news station , covering the launch live , waited until we had cleared the launch pad tower , then immediately relegated our ascent into a small corner of the screen in order to go back live to the trial . In a way , we are victims of our own success . People have gotten so used to successful flights that nothing gets their attention unless there is a mishap . And , maybe that 's OK . One day , spaceflight should advance to the point of being routine , not unlike air travel . We 've come a long way since launching the early astronauts into space more than 50 years ago , but accidents like this serve as a reminder that spaceflight still should not be taken for granted . By their nature , rockets and rocket engines are unforgiving , containing complex components , which must work correctly to get into space . Although the Antares explosion was a significant mishap , we will get through this . The accident investigation team will determine the root cause . We will learn from it and build even more robust rockets in the future . The crew on board ISS do not face any immediate shortages , although the shortfall from this failure will have to be made up . Without a doubt , critics will arise and question why we are entrusting cargo deliveries and future crew exchanges to commercial companies . The answer is simple : It is the logical evolution of technology and commercialization , following the same path as the development of the airplane and commercial air transportation . There is plenty of government oversight of airline operations , as there is plenty of such oversight of commercial space operations through NASA and the FAA . This mishap is painful , but it is only a speed bump on the way to the commercialization of spaceflight . We will get there , and it will be soon . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leroy Chiao .	Former space shuttle commander : We tend to focus on the launches that fail He says it 's a reminder of the difficulty of space flight but we will get through this Chiao : Critics will ask whether it signals privatization of space is a mistake He says space flight is following other industries , like airplanes , toward commercialization
CNN  -- British sports fans who struck out twice trying to land Olympic tickets will get a third chance starting Friday . Only 20,000 people will be eligible to apply for the 900,000 seats on offer in the first 31 hours . These hopefuls failed to get any tickets during the first two rounds of ticket selling for London 2012 . Then one million applicants , who got no tickets in the first round last year , will get an exclusive five-day window to buy up to four tickets on a first come , first served basis . Organizers hope this will ease criticism they faced when many people with UK addresses were unable to buy tickets during the first two rounds , due to high demand . "  We promised we would prioritize these fans when we released the contingency tickets , which is exactly what we are doing , " London 2012 chairman Sebastian Coe said in a press release . Most people from outside the UK will continue to have to buy tickets through authorized resellers in each country ahead of the Olympics ' opening ceremony on July 27 . For those who want to experience to the Olympic Park without Games tickets , they will soon be able to buy access to the grounds for Â # 10  $ 16  . Some 70,000 access tickets are becoming available , so fans will be able to watch events on large-screen televisions inside the park during the first week . Similarly priced tickets will be made available for access to the Wimbledon Hill and big screen during Olympic tennis matches . After much criticism , organizers have also confirmed that babies under 12 months old will be allowed into some London venues without a ticket , but not venues with "  one person , one ticket " policies like Wembley Stadium and the O2 Centre .	London 2012 organizers to begin another batch of ticket sales on Friday A group of 20,000 people will be eligible to apply for 900,000 seats in the first 31 hours Applicants who missed out on first round will get five-day window to buy four tickets Babies under 12 months old will now be allowed into some venues without a ticket
CNN  -- A day after fall shrimping season began in the Gulf of Mexico and the state of Alabama reopened coastal waters to fishing , a major environmental watchdog group called for more stringent testing of seafood . The National Resources Defense Council released a statement Tuesday saying it sent letters to the Food and Drug Administration and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , co-signed by almost two dozen Gulf coast groups , asking the government agencies to : -- ensure that there is comprehensive monitoring of seafood contamination . -- ensure public disclosure of all seafood monitoring data and methods . -- ensure that fishery re-opening criteria protect the most vulnerable populations , including children , pregnant women and subsistence fishing communities . "  With the opening of shrimping season and near-daily reopening of fishing areas , seafood safety is a major issue right now , " Dr. Gina Solomon , a senior scientist with the National Resources Defense Council , said in the statement . "  The government needs to show it is putting strong safety criteria and testing standards in place to ensure that the seafood from the Gulf will be safe to eat in the months and years to come . " Government officials including Vice President Joe Biden and Steve Murawski , NOAA 's chief scientist for fisheries , have said in recent weeks that waters closed to fishermen after the worst oil spill in U.S. history would be reopened when officials could guarantee that seafood would pass tests for safety and edibility . The Deepwater Horizon disaster has hampered the seafood business across the Gulf as federal and state authorities put much of its waters off-limits amid safety concerns . With the once-gushing well capped on a temporary basis for more than a month now , NOAA and the Gulf states have begun lifting those restrictions -- but Louisiana shrimpers such as Anthony Bourgeoif say more needs to be done , and soon . "  It 's open down over here with small shrimp , where it should be open over there where the big shrimp are , " Bourgeoif said . "  Ca n't make no money with no little shrimp , man . " Bourgeoif said he planned to go out , because "  I ai n't made nothing since the BP spill . " But he was concerned that inspectors might find signs of oil in his catch and make him dump it . "  So why go out there and catch it if they 're just going to be dumped , and I ai n't going to make no money off it ? " he asked . "  I 've got to make money . I 've got four grandkids I 'm raising . " Deborah Long , a spokeswoman for the Southern Shrimp Alliance , said it will probably take days to assess what impact the spill has had on the Gulf catch . And while some shrimpers are eager to get back out , many are still working for the well 's owner , BP , which has hired many boats to skim oil off the surface and lay protective booms along the shorelines . Two reports published Tuesday express concern about the lingering effects of oil spilled from the ruptured BP well into the Gulf of Mexico . A team from Georgia Sea Grant and the University of Georgia released a report that estimates that 70 to 79 percent of the oil that gushed from the well "  has not been recovered and remains a threat to the ecosystem , " the university said in a release . Meanwhile , researchers at the University of South Florida have concluded that oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill may have settled to the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico farther east than previously suspected -- and at levels toxic to marine life . Their study is to be released Tuesday , as well , but CNN obtained a summary of the initial conclusions Monday night . Initial findings from a new survey of the Gulf conclude that dispersants may have sent droplets of crude to the ocean floor , where it has turned up at the bottom of an undersea canyon within 40 miles of the Florida Panhandle , the University of South Florida team said . Plankton and other organisms at the base of the food chain showed a "  strong toxic response " to the crude , and the oil could resurface later , according to researchers . "  The dispersant is moving the oil down out of the surface and into the deeper waters , where it can affect phytoplankton and other marine life , " said John Paul , a marine microbiologist at the University of South Florida . The University of Georgia study "  strongly contradicts " a 2-week-old government report saying that only 26 percent of the oil spilled from the well remains in the Gulf . "  That is just absolutely incorrect in the opinion of the scientists , " Charles Hopkinson , the director of Georgia Sea Grant and a professor of marine sciences at the University of Georgia , said Tuesday . The government said 4.9 million barrels -- 205.8 million gallons -- of oil leaked into the Gulf , and 74 percent of that oil had been collected or dispersed or had evaporated . Of the remaining 26 percent , "  much of that is in the process of being degraded and cleaned up on the shore , " NOAA head Jane Lubchenco said August 4 . But the Georgia study said the government 's numbers were skewed for several reasons . First , because 800,000 barrels of oil were collected from the well before it could spill into the Gulf , the Georgia researchers said a total of 4.1 million barrels spilled into the water . But other factors mean more of that oil remains in the water , they said . In addition , the Georgia researchers used a fundamentally different definition of when oil is "  gone " from the water . "  One major misconception is that oil that has dissolved into water is gone and , therefore , harmless , " Hopkinson said . "  The oil is still out there , and it will likely take years to completely degrade . " And that oil is a lot harder to see than the huge clumps that dotted the Gulf 's face like black and brown acne weeks ago . Samantha Joye , another professor of marine sciences at the University of Georgia , said that naturally dispersed oil was forming plumes in the water -- but "  not black , not brown , turbid sea water . You do n't need a river of oil . It 's oil that 's dissolved in water . " Joye stressed that the government also had completely omitted a crucial component of the environmental pollution from its statistics . She said NOAA did not measure a third of the hydrocarbons because it did not measure gas emission , which she says are "  mostly still in water floating somewhere out there . ... Methane and other gases are n't being documented . " The spill began after an April 20 explosion on the offshore drilling platform Deepwater Horizon that killed 11 men . Two days later , the platform sank and started gushing oil into the Gulf before it was temporarily capped July 15 . Thad Allen , the federal government 's point man for the disaster , said Monday that attempts to permanently seal the well wo n't start until the latest potential problem is evaluated . Allen said engineers are now concerned about how to manage the risk of pressure in the annulus , a ring that surrounds the casing pipe at the center of the well shaft . The "  timelines wo n't be known until we get a recommendation on the course of action , " Allen said . Scientists began new pressure tests last week to gauge the effects of the mud and cement poured into the well from above during the "  static kill " procedure that started August 3 . From those pressure readings , they believe that either some of the cement breached the casing pipe and leaked into the annulus , or cement came up into the annulus from the bottom . The scientists believe that process may have trapped some oil between the cement and the top of the well , inside the annulus . Now , given that new variable , they 're trying to figure out how to safely maintain the pressure within the well before launching the "  bottom kill , " a procedure aimed at sealing the well from below . Allen said that when it comes to giving a green light to the bottom kill of the well through the nearby relief well , "  nobody wants to make that declaration any more than I do . " But the process "  will not start until we figure out how to manage the risk of pressure in the annulus . " "  We 're using an overabundance of caution , " he said . Allen said crews could remove the capping stack that sealed the oil in the well July 15and then replace the well 's blowout preventer with one stored on the nearby Development Driller II in the Gulf . He said a new blowout preventer would be "  rated at much higher pressure levels than the annulus . " The other option would require BP to devise a pressure-relief device for the current capping stack . Once crews get their marching orders , it will take them about 96 hours to prepare , drill the final 50 feet of a relief well and intercept the main well . Then , the bottom kill process of plugging the well from below would begin . CNN 's Vivian Kuo , Reynolds Wolf , Ed Lavandera , Rich Phillips , Matt Smith , Mark Morgenstein and Chris Turner contributed to this report .	NEW : The National Resources Defense Council calls for improved seafood testing Reports cast doubt on the government 's estimate of oil remaining in the water Georgia report says more oil remains in the Gulf than the government has said A University of South Florida report says the oil may be farther east than first thought
CNN  -- Like thousands of other female applicants to Indonesia 's National Police , 24-year-old Sari  not her real name  submitted to the mandatory "  virginity test " that the authorities require women -- but not men -- to take as part of the application process . In a police hospital in the city of Makassar in 2008 , Sari says that she and 20 other fellow police recruits were told to undress , lie down on a table and allow a physician to perform a "  two-finger test . " Six years later , Sari says she is still traumatized . "  I feared that after they performed the test I would not be a virgin anymore . It really hurt . My friend even fainted because ... it really hurt , really hurt . " Indonesia 's National Police have imposed these abusive and degrading tests on thousands of female applicants since as early as 1965 , despite the fact that they contravene National Police principles that recruitment must be both "  nondiscriminatory " and "  humane . " Meanwhile , the tests have been recognized internationally as a violation of human rights , particularly the prohibition against "  cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment " under article 7 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and article 16 of the Convention against Torture , both of which Indonesia has ratified . Indeed , last month , the World Health Organization stated unambiguously that "  There is no place for virginity  or ` two-finger '  testing ; it has no scientific validity . " Indonesia 's National Police ca n't feign ignorance of the tests , nor the opposition to them within police ranks . High Commissioner Sri Rumiati , a police psychologist who now teaches at the Graduate School of Police Sciences in Jakarta , underwent the virginity test in 1984 and subsequently advocated for their abolition . Those efforts prompted colleagues in police recruitment teams in 2010 to defend "  virginity tests " as a means of preventing "  prostitutes joining the police . " Indonesia 's National Police has responded to Human Rights Watch 's exposure of this abusive practice with defiance . A senior police official , Inspector General Moechgiyarto , on November 18 confirmed that the National Police required the test for female applicants . But rather than condemning the practice and promising its abolition , Moechgiyarto defended it as a means to ensure the "  high moral standards " of the police and reportedly suggested that failure of the test was simply proof that applicants were sex workers . "  If she -LSB- a candidate  turns out to be a prostitute , then how could we accept her for the job ? " he said . There also are alarming indications that the use of virginity tests extends to other parts of Indonesia 's security forces . On November 19 , Indonesia 's Coordinating Minister for Politics , Law and Security , Tedjo Edhi , told reporters that such tests have long been obligatory for female military recruits as well . Sadly , this is n't the first time that Indonesian government officials have advocated such tests for women . In August 2013 , H.M. Rasyid , education chief of Prabumulih district in Indonesia 's south Sumatra , reportedly sought to impose mandatory "  virginity tests " on female high school students to tackle perceived problems of "  premarital sex and prostitution . " After Indonesian civil society organizations attacked Rasyid 's proposal as "  against human rights " and then-Indonesian Education Minister Mohammad Nuh , skewered the idea as "  degrading and discriminatory , " Rasyid backed off , insisting that he had been misquoted by domestic media . But that same month , the semi-official Indonesian Ulema Council in East Java urged the local government to impose "  virginity tests " as a requirement for all girls entering the city 's high schools . "  Virginity tests " and the Indonesian government 's tolerance of such abusive practices are not an isolated attack on women 's rights . Instead , they are but one of many far wider-reaching abuses of constitutionally-guaranteed women 's rights that have been occurring across the country in recent years . One of the most obvious of those violations is a growing number of discriminatory regulations -- more than 300 -- imposed by local governments since 1999 . They range from local bylaws requiring women to wear the hijab to a local government 's prohibition against women from dancing . The failure of Indonesia 's central government in protecting women 's rights is symbolized by the stalled passage of a gender equality bill which has been in draft form since 2009 . Former President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , who left office in October after a decade in office , deserves a portion of the blame for the erosion of basic rights of women and girls . Yudhoyono is seen by many as having traded political support from the Indonesian Ulama Council , Indonesia 's top Muslim clerical body , for a commitment to backing fatwas . Such government tolerance for abuses of women 's rights must end . President Joko Widodo , who replaced Yudhoyono in October , has an opportunity to send an unambiguous message in the first weeks of his administration that he will not ignore women 's rights or undermine them for political gain . Widodo can begin by instructing the National Police to prohibit "  virginity tests " and ordering local governments to abolish local regulations that violate constitutionally-guaranteed women 's rights . These moves would send a much-needed message that the government and its security forces are committed to protecting the rights of women , rather than violating them .	Indonesia 's national police force reportedly requires "  virginity tests " for women Phelim Kine : Tests recognized internationally as violation of human rights Kine : New President much send message on protection of women
CNN  -- The SpaceX rocket , the first official commercial flight to the International Space Station , lifted off Sunday night carrying an unmanned cargo capsule . The Falcon 9 rocket with its Dragon capsule launched on schedule at 8:35 p.m. ET from Cape Canaveral , Florida , with an orange blaze against the black night sky . About 10 minutes into the flight , the Dragon separated from the rocket and was on its way to the station . Mission control called it "  a picture-perfect launch and a flawless flight of Falcon . " It is is the first of a dozen NASA-contracted flights to resupply the International Space Station , at a total cost of $ 1.6 billion . "  It 's a great evening , " said SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell after the launch . "  It 's just awesome . " The launch comes nearly five months after a demonstration mission in which a Dragon capsule successfully berthed at the station and returned to Earth . Shotwell said the Sunday mission is n't "  substantially different " from that flight , "  with the exception that we got there once . " U.S. astronaut to fly aboard Russian craft The unmanned capsule is packed with about 1,000 pounds of cargo -- everything from low-sodium food kits to clothing and computer hard drives . It 's scheduled to return in late October with about 2,000 pounds of cargo , including scientific experiments and failed equipment that can be repaired and sent back , ISS Program Manager Mike Suffredini said . "  These flights are critical to the space station 's sustainment and to begin full utilization of the space station for research and technology development , " he said . The Dragon spacecraft is supposed to catch up with the space station early Wednesday . Station Commander Sunita Williams and Aki Hoshide from the Japanese Space Agency will use the robotic arm to grab Dragon and berth it to the station . Mars rover gets to play in the sand Much of Dragon 's cargo is material to support extensive experimentation aboard the space station . One deals with plant growth . Plants on Earth use about 50 % of their energy for support to overcome gravity . Researchers want to understand how the genes that control that process would operate in microgravity -- when objects are in free-fall in space . Down the road , that could benefit food supplies here on the planet . Photo : SpaceX the ` beginning of a new era ' The spacecraft is also carrying nearly two dozen microgravity experiments designed and being flown through the Student Experiment Spaceflight Program . SpaceX is not the only commercial company in the spacefaring business . Within the next few months , Orbital Sciences is expected to fly its own demonstration flight to the space station . Instead of using Cape Canaveral as its launch site , the company 's rocket will take off from Wallops Island off the coast of Virginia . Orbital has a nearly $ 2 billion contract with NASA for station resupply missions . Shuttle makes final landing SpaceX founder Elon Musk is looking well beyond just these cargo flights to the station . SpaceX is one of three companies NASA has selected to continue work developing a human-rated spacecraft that would carry astronauts to the International Space Station . Boeing and Sierra Nevada are the other two companies . The SpaceX plan is to modify the Dragon capsule to carry people . NASA Administror Charles Bolden praised Sunday 's launch as an example of private industry 's capability . By hiring private companies to conduct the resupply missions , he said , NASA can focus on exploring even deeper in the solar system , including missions to an asteroid and to Mars .	The SpaceX president says it was "  just awesome " The SpaceX rocket launches on schedule at 8:35 p.m. ET Sunday It 's the first of a dozen commercial cargo flights under a contract with NASA The Dragon capsule is carrying 1,000 pounds of supplies to the ISS
Dick 's Sporting Goods , one of the largest sporting goods retailers in the world , says it has removed all guns from its store nearest to Newtown , Connecticut , and is suspending the sale of certain kinds of semi-automatic rifles from its chains nationwide . The move was made out of respect for the victims and families of last week 's Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting "  during this time of national mourning , " the store said in a statement Tuesday morning . "  We continue to extend our deepest sympathies to those affected by this terrible tragedy , " the statement said . It was unclear how long the store will keep the suspension in place for the guns , known as ` modern sporting rifles . ' It 's also not known whether this is the first time the store has taken such a step after a shooting that made national headlines . After Newtown , the NRA goes silent A search of Dick 's Sporting Goods website early Tuesday morning showed a blank page for "  modern sporting rifles . " The move comes after reports that investigators were trying to determine whether the gunman in the Newtown shooting , Adam Lanza , tried to buy a gun from a Dick 's Sporting Goods store in the city of Danbury , about 12 miles away . "  At this time , reports that the suspect visited one of our stores last week have not been confirmed by law enforcement , " the sporting goods store said in a statement . "  Based on our records , we can confirm that no firearms were sold to the suspect identified in this case . "	It is unclear how long the suspension will last Firearms were not sold to Adam Lanza , the store says
Blacksburg , Va.  CNN  -- A 15-person ad hoc committee at Virginian Tech this week recommended against cutting down a portion of the "  stadium woods , " a densely wooded area behind the football stadium , to build a new state-of-the-art indoor sports practice facility . The controversy came to a head when environmentalists realized early this year officials planned to chop down the wooded area containing some rare old-growth trees . The Virginia Tech Hokies have the third-longest college bowl game streak in the country , and have sold out every game since 1998 . However , they have yet to win a national championship . The athletics department hopes a state-of-the-art facility nearer to the football stadium could help change that . Blueprint plans that have been in the works for over a decade would require chopping down at least 60 trees over the age of 150 . Six of the trees have been found to be more than 300 years old . "  The forest is in fact an endangered species in the United States . An old growth forest is , " Virginia Tech Forestry Professor John Seiler explained , "  It 's literally the rarest type of forest structure left in the United States . " However , the University Athletics Department still preferred the plan to cut down about three acres of the woods to make room for the facility , forcing University President Charles W. Steger to appoint the committee to hear arguments and eventually make their recommendation on whether the facility should be built as planned or at an alternate location . "  We 'll see what the report has to say and at the end of the day we 'll do the right thing , " Steger told CNN in an interview in May . Committee chair John Randolph told the Board of Visitors Monday it was "  in the university 's best interest " to build the facility in a different location . "  The determining factor in the committee 's deliberations and recommendations was the demonstrated social importance of the Stadium Woods , " Randolph said . Signs urging "  Save Stadium Woods " were placed in yards throughout Blacksburg and a group called Friends of Stadium Woods created an online petition which has now been signed by more than 10,500 people across the country . The committee suggested that the new state-of-the-art facility instead be built in a location where tennis courts and a roller hockey rink currently stand . According to the committee , over 450 people signed another online petition ; this time requesting the courts and rink be replaced before the current ones are built on . "  Alternative sites for the courts and rink have been identified , " Randolph said . Randolph acknowledges additional cost and design issues may be incurred with the preferred location -- including having to build 20 % of the facility underground . So several additional options were presented during Monday 's meeting -- some that would still force a small portion of the old growth forest to be cut down . Professor John Seiler hopes the "  no woods impact " option is the one ultimately chosen by school administrators . "  This is a very , very easy decision , " Seiler said , "  To athletics , it 's just ... slightly less perfect for them . It is n't absolutely right adjacent to the practice fields , its one minute further up the hill . " Included with their recommendations , the committee also suggested the Stadium woods be designated for permanent protection and that a program would be developed to "  enhance its ecological value and benefit " to the community . They also suggested a review of procedures for future updates to the university master plan to "  safeguard against future controversies of this sort . " It is now up to school administrators , who will review the committee recommendations , then come back to the Board of Visitors with a final plan they will ultimately vote on . There is no set timeline at this point for when that will happen .	Virginia Tech wants to build a new , $ 20 million indoor sports facility Many old-growth trees near Lane Stadium would have to come down Committee recommendation is to not cut down the trees Two suggested alternate locations have been proposed
CNN  -- Football fans in Madrid are used to getting their way when it comes to attracting the world 's best talent . Last summer , Real Madrid , the world 's most successful club , splashed out more than $ 200 million to bring former world players of the year Cristiano Ronaldo and Kaka to the city . Now the city 's aquarium has launched an audacious bid to bring the unlikely star of the recent World Cup to the Spanish capital with a "  name your price " offer for Paul the octopus -- the psychic cephalopod who correctly predicted Spain 's triumph at the tournament . In an announcement on its blog Thursday , Madrid Zoo Aquarium said it had begun making the "  necessary arrangements " for Paul 's transfer and had offered to beat any offer already on the table . Zookeepers said they were also ready to offer other animals in exchange for the octopus and said Paul could expect the "  best care " befitting of a national hero . Paul , currently resident at the Sea Life Center in Oberhausen , Germany , not only predicted Spain 's win over the Netherlands in the final but also the team 's semifinal success against Germany . Prior to that it had correctly predicted all five of Germany 's earlier results , and picked Germany to beat Uruguay in the third-place playoff , ending the tournament with a remarkable eight-for-eight record . During each prediction , two mussel-filled acrylic boxes labeled with a team 's flag were lowered into his tank . Whichever box he chose conveyed the winning team . Sea Life staff in Oberhausen announced Paul 's retirement from the predictions game earlier this week but said they were considering a "  host of offers from around the globe . " PR guru Max Clifford told CNN that Paul could become the world 's first multimillion-pound octopus should his handlers choose to cash in on his global fame . Paul : The world 's first millionaire octopus ?	Madrid Zoo Aquarium says it will beat any offer for psychic octopus Paul predicted eight results at World Cup , including Spain 's win in final Octopus achieved global fame , became Spanish national hero Zoo ready to offer other animals in exchange for Paul , promises best care
CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday upheld the conviction of a man who bought a handgun but broke the law by not disclosing his intent to resell it to a relative . It was a rare setback for gun-rights advocates who contend government efforts to track and keep firearms out of the wrong hands go too far . The court ruled 5-4 in the "  straw " purchase case against Bruce Abramski , a former police officer who told a Virginia gun dealer in 2009 that he was the "  actual buyer " of the Glock weapon . He then sold it to his uncle in Pennsylvania for $ 400 . Abramski said he and his relative were legally able to own it . But he was charged with making false statements , convicted and sentenced to probation . At issue is whether such misstatements are "  material " to an otherwise lawful sale and whether that kind of information should be kept by a federally licensed dealer . The Obama administration said those who purchase from licensed dealers must follow the letter and spirit of the law to ensure accurate record-keeping and to make it easier to trace the weapon . Gun rights advocates call Abramski a victim of vast government overreach , unfairly lumped into the same category as those who would buy weapons for criminals or for smuggling . The high court in recent years has affirmed the broader individual right of Americans to own handguns for self-protection in the home . And on this issue , it narrowly ruled for the stricter control , saying the "  actual transferee/buyer " must disclose any intent to resell at the time of purchase . "  No piece of information is more important under federal firearms law than the identity of a gun 's purchaser , " Justice Elena Kagan said , stressing that the dealer in this case could never have known to run a background check on Abramski 's uncle . She was supported in her opinion by Justices Anthony Kennedy , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , and Sonia Sotomayor . Federal law requires prospective buyers to check a box on an Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms form indicating whether they are purchasing a gun for someone else . Abramski confirmed he was the buyer , but said he made clear all along that he planned to sell the weapon legally to his uncle was told the transfer could be completed by a licensed dealer , which he completed days later . During oral arguments in January , some justices questioned whether signing the ATF form really solved the problem of keeping weapons out of the hands of the wrong people . In his dissent Justice Antonin Scalia said the law in question was unclear . "  The court  majority  makes it a crime for one lawful gun owner to buy a gun for another lawful gun owner , " he said . "  Whether or not that is a sensible result , the statutes Congress enacted do not support it . " Scalia was backed by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito .	Former police officer convicted of buying a gun for an uncle but not saying so Federal law aimed at transparency in gun sales to keep them out of the wrong hands Court ruled narrowly , supports Obama administration position on the issue
CNN  -- While the presidential candidates spar in debates and jump on gaffes , two possibly historic votes on November 6 will cut to the most primal issues : nothing less than death and love . In California , voters will decide whether to keep the death penalty on the books in America 's most populous state . Meanwhile , in my own state of Minnesota , there is a good chance that a proposed constitutional amendment to bar same-sex marriage will be defeated . Each is significant because it could represent a crucial shift in momentum and a turning point â $ " away from the use of the death penalty , and toward a broader societal acceptance of gay men and women . The death penalty law in California is a mess . It is expensive in a time of fiscal crisis , and simply does n't work . California has by far the largest death row in the nation , with more than 700 residents  Florida is next with about 400  , yet it has only executed 13 people since 1976 . If Californians sensibly reject continuing this failed death penalty approach , it will join five other states that have also recently abolished capital punishment : Connecticut , Illinois , New Jersey , New Mexico and New York . California 's action would have two principle effects . First , it could lead to a reconsideration of the soundness of the death penalty in other states where it is seldom used , including Delaware , Maryland , Washington , Oregon , Colorado and Pennsylvania . California is a trendsetter and it will be meaningful when the state with the largest death row gives up the cost and moral burden of capital punishment . Second , it would be a large step toward a new challenge to the death penalty under the Eighth Amendment . Since the 1980s , the Supreme Court has looked to trends in the states to evaluate where national standards are regarding what punishments are "  cruel and unusual . " In fact , such an analysis led to a constitutional ban on the death penalty in cases where the defendant committed the crime as a juvenile or suffered a mental defect . Moving California to the abolition side would commit a large fraction of the American population to leaning away from the death penalty . It may well be that the best way to get rid of the death penalty in Texas is to abolish it in California . While California considers the state 's ability to kill its citizens , Minnesota will decide an issue related to love . While Minnesota is not a population giant , the symbolic value of the upcoming referendum on same-sex marriage in that state has huge symbolic importance . The proposed amendment would insert into the Minnesota Constitution a definition of marriage as between one man and one woman  the state 's statutes already contain this definition  . Some 30 states  most recently North Carolina  have already amended their constitutions to include similar language . Three other states â $ " Maine , Maryland and Washington â $ " are voting on whether to allow same-sex marriage  essentially the opposite question from the one posed in Minnesota  . The Minnesota vote is perhaps the most significant , though , because it could break the unbeaten streak of those who have pushed bans on same-sex marriage into state constitutions . It would reflect an overextension of that effort and a crucial shift going the other way . Right now , polling on the Minnesota marriage amendment is roughly even , while California polls show death penalty abolitionists behind . The remaining weeks will be crucial in each contest . History often moves when we are n't watching , and political epochs rarely align with elections . Rather , Americans sometimes change their consensus over time , and nearly always there was a noticeable swing in momentum at a time we can name . For example , with the civil rights movement , it was not a presidential election that marked a turning point , but something as simple as a brave woman on a bus . Should the people of California and Minnesota choose less death and more love , respectively , this , too , could be one of those moments . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Osler .	Voters in California will decide on death penalty and those in Minnesota on gay marriage Mark Osler : Each is significant because it could represent a turning point in history Osler : Let 's see if Californians and Minnesotans choose less death and more love
CNN  -- At his official post-election press conference , President Obama told reporters that he 's serious about fighting climate change while creating jobs . "  We can shape an agenda that says we can create jobs , advance growth and make a serious dent in climate change and be an international leader , " he said , "  I think that 's something that the American people would support . " We have just the answer . It 's not a new idea , but as the two parties face off over the federal budget , it could be the path forward . There 's a tool we can use to answer the public 's call for more jobs -- without cuts to Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security : a carbon tax . One analysis by the Congressional Budget Office says a moderate , $ 20-per-ton tax on carbon emissions could raise $ 1.25 trillion over 10 years . And the savings do n't stop there . For decades , the oil and coal industries have passed along their costs to the rest of us , in the form of asthma treatment , emergency room visits , doctor bills and missed days of school and work . Combined with droughts , wildfires , hurricanes and severe weather events like Superstorm Sandy , rising levels of carbon in the atmosphere cost our nation an estimated $ 70 billion each year . That 's real money . And unlike cutting Medicare and Social Security , a carbon tax is a political winner . A large and growing super-majority of Americans -- 70 % -- believe climate change is a real problem . A Yale University national survey found overwhelming majorities in favor of bold action like a carbon tax . Even the far-right American Enterprise Institute has been willing to talk about the benefits of a carbon tax , and anti-tax activist Grover Norquist has flirted with the idea . Yes , polluters will fight a carbon tax tooth and nail , just like tobacco companies raged against cigarette taxes . But far from costing jobs , a carbon tax will provide a net benefit to our economy , especially if we start the carbon tax conversation by making sure miners and other coal industry workers -- the people who have sacrificed their lungs , and in some instances even their lives , so that we can keep the lights on -- are among the biggest winners . Experts anticipate that the $ 500 billion in scheduled federal budget cuts will cost us nearly one million jobs . The $ 1.25 trillion from a carbon tax would allow us to avoid these cuts with money to spare to pay down the deficit , and to maintain clean energy investments that create 3.2 times as many jobs per dollar than subsidies for fossil fuels . A carbon tax would also reduce barriers to market entry for clean-energy startups facing an entrenched fossil fuel industry . There are already 3.1 million green jobs in America -- imagine how many more there would be if we leveled the playing field instead of subsidizing oil and coal companies . Finally , one study by the Center for American Progress and the Political Economy Research institute found that we could create up to 1.7 million jobs simply by putting a price on carbon . The fact is , our economy will only be stronger and our communities healthier if we tax pollution instead of subsidizing it -- and invest in the new industries of tomorrow . A carbon tax is really that rarest of ideas , a win-win-win solution that solves multiple problems at once . Tax polluters so we can pay down our debt without slashing the safety net ? Win . Spur investment in new technologies and spark the creation of clean-energy manufacturing jobs right here in America ? Win . And take a long-overdue step toward solving the climate crisis that already costs so much , and will only get worse ? Win . The question is n't whether this vision is right for America -- nearly everyone wants to breathe fresh air , drink clean water , bring home a decent paycheck and retire with security . The only question is if Washington has the courage to seize this opportunity . If they do , this moment wo n't be remembered as a drawn-out partisan showdown over spending , but as the launching pad from which we began to sail into a healthier , more prosperous future . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Jones and Ellis-Lamkins : A tax on carbon emissions could raise $ 1.25 trillion over 10 years Carbon in the atmosphere costs U.S. an estimated $ 70 billion each year , they say Unlike cutting Medicare and Social Security , a carbon tax is a political winner , they say One study found the U.S. could create up to 1.7 million jobs with a carbon tax , they say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The former Chinese police chief who attempted to defect to the United States , triggering one of China 's biggest political scandals , has been jailed for 15 years . Wang Lijun , who was tried last week , was found guilty by the Chengdu City Intermediate People 's Court of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking , court spokesman Yang Yuquan said Monday . Until he sought refuge at the U.S. Consulate in February , Wang was the right-hand man of disgraced Chongqing Party chief Bo Xilai , who was stripped of his titles in April because of an unspecified "  serious breach of party discipline . " Bo has not been seen in public since . Wang , 52 , could have faced execution , since bribe-taking can carry the death penalty in China , depending on the amount involved and the seriousness of the case . Wang was accused in court of accepting bribes and property worth around 3.05 million yuan  around U.S. $ 480,000  for personal favors . He received nine years for this offense , with a further seven added for "  bending " the law , two for defection and two years for abuse of power -- though the court decided on a "  combined " term of 15 years , taking into account his cooperation with authorities , Yang told reporters . He was also stripped of his "  political rights " for one year . Read more : Wang Lijun : the cop at the heart of Bo scandal Wang did n't contest the charges , according to the state-run Xinhua news agency , which published details of the case . Wang has no plans to appeal the sentence , Yang said Monday . The case also brought to light the first suggestion that Bo knew as early as January that his wife , Gu Kailai , was suspected of murder . Read more : China 's Bo Xilai ` implicated ' in murder After a one-day trial in August , Gu was found guilty of poisoning British businessman Neil Heywood in a hotel room in Chongqing last November . During her trial , she admitted pouring poison into his mouth , provided by a family aide who was also convicted of the crime . According to Xinhua , prosecutors said Wang knew "  perfectly well " that Gu was suspected of murder , but deliberately covered up for her so she would not be held legally responsible for Heywood 's death -- a fact that was repeated during Monday 's court session , Yang said . Read more : Bo looms large over party leadership The court was told that Wang later abandoned his efforts to conceal her crime when relations between the two became strained . Wang said in his confession that Gu "  turned hostile toward me , taking a different attitude from before when contacting me . She was not so warm as before and began to guard herself against me , " Xinhua said . She was worried about her crime being exposed , and he was "  not pleased " that Gu had told an increasing number of people about the incident . Read more : Gu Kailai , the woman who had it all Then in late January , Wang told "  the then leading official of the Communist Party of China  CPC  Chongqing Committee " -- the position Bo held -- that Gu was "  highly suspected " of having murdered Heywood , Xinhua said . A witness , Guo Weiguo , testified that the official "  angrily rebuked " Wang , before slapping him in the face . "  The conflict was made public after Wang Lijun was slapped , " Guo said . After Wang 's run-in with Bo , he instructed his staff to "  rearrange " Heywood 's case file . Shortly after , he was demoted and three members working closely with Wang were put under "  illegal investigation . " "  Wang felt he was in danger , giving rise to his idea to defect , " Xinhua said . On February 6 , Wang entered the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu , where he said his life was in danger and asked officials to fill out an application for political asylum . The next day , however , he was persuaded to leave the consulate and was taken into custody by Chinese officials . In his final statement to the court , Wang was reported to have apologized for his crimes , saying , "  I hope the serious impacts  caused by my acts  both at home and abroad would be eliminated through the trial . Meanwhile , I hope the trial will issue a warning to society and let more people draw lessons from me . "  For the Party organizations , people and relatives that have cared for me , I want to say here , sincerely , ` I 'm very , very sorry , I 've let you down , ' " Wang added . At the close of the trial , Wang 's defense team pleaded for leniency in sentencing on the defection charge on the grounds that Wang left the U.S. Consulate of his own volition . They also said he provided key evidence to help authorities secure Gu 's conviction for murder and on that basis his crime of bending the law for personal gain "  could be lighter . " The court accepted these arguments and sentenced him "  leniently , " Yang said Monday . Wang 's decision to seek refuge in the U.S. Consulate brought the case into public view and led to Bo 's high-profile demise . Until the case was exposed , Bo was considered a top contender for the Politburo Standing Committee , the team of nine politicians who effectively rule China . China 's Communist Party is expected to meet at its 18th National Congress next month to announce who 'll occupy the top positions . Bo , 63 , was a charismatic , albeit controversial politician , who launched a "  smashing black , singing red " campaign in Chongqing that promoted communist ideology and zealously cracked down on organized crime . His economic programs , which included millions spent on social welfare , made him a popular leader in Chongqing . But analysts say his populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the more economically liberal and reform-oriented faction that dominated the current party leadership . Bo and Wang were known to have worked closely on Bo 's signature crime-fighting program in 2009 . In just 10 months , Chongqing police arrested almost 5,000 people and executed more than a dozen .	Wang Lijun sentenced on charges including bribe-taking , defection , abuse of power Former Chinese police chief tried to defect to the U.S. in February Documents reveal he told disgraced politician Bo Xilai about accusations against wife Gu Kailai serving a suspended death sentence for murdering British businessman
Lampedusa , Italy  CNN  The cramped galley of the ship is filled with the smell of fresh garlic frying in olive oil . Gaetano Cortese , a tall , thin , sunburned 27-year veteran of Italy 's Guardia di Finanza  Finance Police  is waxing eloquent on his favorite subject : food . "  We picked it this morning from the hills of Lampedusa , " he declares with a flourish , waving thin sprigs of wild asparagus under my nose . He demonstrates how you must break it apart with your fingers , bit by bit , until you get to the hard part , which you keep aside to boil down in water for the pasta sauce he is preparing with his shipmate , Enzo Idone . Cooking , however , may be a positive distraction from dark memories . How I was smuggled into Europe -- and why it was worth it We boarded the Finance Police 's ship , the Calabrese , in Lampedusa harbor earlier in the evening . The Calabrese regularly patrols the Mediterranean off Lampedusa , which is Italy 's southernmost territory and just 70 miles , or just over 110 kilometers , from the Tunisian coast . In recent years , it has been the first point of entry to Europe for tens of thousands of migrants from Africa and the Middle East . A few years ago , the Calabrese was on the look out for "  contrabandisti , " smugglers trafficking in cigarettes and drugs . But in recent years , its 12-man crew has joined Italy 's effort to rescue migrants coming from Africa and the Middle East . We spend seven hours on board the ship , but nothing much happens . We see some Italian fishing boats the crew knew by sight . Shortly after sunset , the Calabrese 's captain , Gianluca Busonera , begins calling out quick orders to his men as we approach a small boat . The easy-going crew seem to tense up . One man turns on a bright spotlight and focuses the beam on the boat , while another with powerful binoculars read out the name on the back . Busonera peers intently at the boat , which appears to be a fishing vessel , then shrugs . "  It 's fine , " he tells me . "  If it were low in the water , we 'd know it was full of people , but this boat is riding high . " He waves to the Tunisian boat , where an older man in a jacket waves back . Busonera gives him a thumbs up , and steers the ship to the right . It 's a routine evening for the Calabrese , and that is just fine with the crew . They 've seen enough troubles in their time to appreciate an uneventful day 's work . Back in the galley , I ask Cortese about his worst experience while serving at sea with the Guardia di Finanza . He and most of his shipmates took part in the rescue effort on October 3 , 2013 , after a ship with hundreds of migrants had gone down off Lampedusa . More than 350 people died in that disaster . The crew of the Calabrese was able to rescue four of the survivors . Cortese 's cheery demeanor suddenly becomes serious . "  I still remember pulling out of the water , with our hands , a young , pregnant woman who had just died , " he recalls . "  There were children , " adds his crewmate , Idone , shaking his head . "  We recovered the bodies of children . It was a bad situation . I remember the body of a boy we recovered . We put him in a body bag . His head was in this hand , " he said waving his hand as if he had just picked up the lifeless body . Why migrants are risking their lives to reach Italy Cortese and Idone stress that as fathers , there is nothing worse than having to see the bodies of dead children . "  At the moment , " recalls Cortese , "  we were too busy to think about it , but when we go home , before going to sleep , it comes back to us . " He emphasizes that he and his shipmates were just doing their duty as professional military men . Out in the Mediterranean , with no land in sight , you realize just how vast it is . And although it 's been warm on land in Sicily recently , at night on the water , it 's cold and windy . On board the Calabrese , we are warm , well-fed and in good company . The ship is well-maintained and equipped with state-of-the-art equipment , allowing Busonera to plow confidently through the waves in the dark without fear of running into anything . It contrasts starkly with conditions migrants have recounted to us of the rickety boats and unseaworthy rubber dinghies they use to try to cross the Mediterranean . Often they 're without food , water or shelter , their boat 's crew inexperienced and untrained . That 's if they have a crew at all . Many migrants have been beaten and robbed of all their possessions before they board . And unless a ship like the Calabrese comes to their rescue , death at sea is a definite possibility .	Ben Wedeman joins the Calabrese , an Italian patrol boat as it traverses the Mediterranean looking for migrants Often the crew have little to report , only coming across fishing boats or other commercial vessels The Calabrese was involved in a rescue in October 2013 , during which more than 350 people died
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Twenty-seven million new cancer cases are expected by 2030 , according to a report released Tuesday by the World Health Organization 's cancer research agency . Rates for breast cancer , shown here under a microscope , have tripled in some Asian countries . That compares to 12 million new cases in 2007 , the report found . The group forecast a 1 percent increase globally each year , with emerging economies such as China , Russia and India being hit the hardest . The major culprit : tobacco . "  About 1.3 billion people smoke globally , making tobacco the major avoidable cause of death and disease worldwide , " the report found . Experts say less developed countries are especially vulnerable , predicting a 38 percent increase in those regions by 2030 . Watch more on the report " Tobacco killed 100 million people in the world last century and will kill a billion in the 21st century , unless changes are made , said John R. Seffrin , chief executive officer at the American Cancer Society , Tuesday . Besides smoking , other causes for the rise in the disease include high-fat diets including fast food and decreased physical activity , reflective of increasingly western lifestyles , the report found . In addition , the rate of breast cancer has doubled or tripled in countries like Japan , Singapore and Korea , according to the report . In Africa , 518,000 people have died from cancer since the start of 2008 -- cervical cancer being the leading cancer killer among women , the report found . But there is good news for some Western nations . Cancer mortality rates are falling in Great Britain and the United States , said Seffrin . Effective cancer treatment in developing countries , experts say , depends on prevention and more data . "  Awareness of the global cancer burden pandemic and its causes will help establish and enforce policies , resources and programs to control cancer and tobacco , and to de-stigmatize cancer , " according to the WHO report . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Report : 38 percent increase in cancer in developing countries by 2030 Emerging economies such as China , Russia and India will be hit hardest Smoking , high-fat diets , decreased physical activity are cited causes
CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's personal chef Kai Chase says June 25 was shaping up as another typical day in the superstar 's usually peaceful and orderly home until an urgent plea from Jackson 's personal doctor sent panic sweeping through the household . Michael Jackson 's personal chef Kai Chase appeared on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Thursday night . In an interview with CNN 's Larry King that aired Thursday night , Chase described the chaotic events that fateful day and what life was like inside the Jackson family before the singer 's shocking death . Chase said she was downstairs preparing lunch for Jackson -- being sure to wrap it in Saran wrap because the singer liked his meals served room-service style -- when Dr. Conrad Murray called out for her . Murray is the central focus of a federal investigation into the singer 's death , a law enforcement official told CNN on Wednesday . Around noon or a little after , Chase said , "  Dr. Murray comes down the stairs . There was a stairwell that leads into the kitchen . And he 's screaming : Hurry ! Go get Prince . Call security . Get Prince . " Chase said she quickly got Jackson 's oldest son . "  Within minutes , the paramedics are there . And the security is running upstairs , skipping stairs and all of a sudden we 're all , you know , panicked , " Chase told King . "  So the energy in the house had just kind of changed from that happy kind of day that we were having and preparing lunch and having a good time to just kind of eerie . " Watch Chase 's interview with Larry King " Chase said Jackson 's daughter , Paris , started crying and calling out for her father as people in the home came to realize how serious the medical situation was . "  We started crying and we all come together in unity in a circle and we started holding hands . And we started praying , " Chase said . The chef said she was not allowed into the upstairs quarters of the home , but she had seen Michael Jackson downstairs on Wednesday , June 24 . Nothing she saw the day before cause her alarm . "  He ate lunch with his children at the dinner table . And then I packed ... his dinner for him to go to his rehearsal . He seemed like he was just , you know , tired , " Chase said . She attributed the way he felt to his long rehearsals . Chase said Jackson did complain once about his demanding schedule . "  The third day I was there , when I came back , he had told me , ` You know , they 're killing me . They 're killing me because I 'm working too much . I 'm rehearsing too much . ' " Between 1 and 1:30 p.m. June 25 , Chase said security asked her to leave the home , and she never saw Michael Jackson being transported to the hospital . She did n't learn of Jackson 's death until later that day on the radio . Chase said that Murray was in the house often in June and she attributed the doctor 's frequent presence to Jackson 's rigorous rehearsal schedule for an upcoming series of concerts in London , England . Search warrants filed Thursday in court in Clark County , Nevada , and carried out at Murray 's offices imply that investigators looking into his death believe the singer was a drug addict . In his interview with Chase , King pressed for details of evidence of drug use by Jackson : King : Did you notice oxygen tanks , because if it was Diprivan and they have to measure ... your blood pressure ? They also need oxygen tanks if you 're giving that drug . Did you notice them ? Chase : I saw the oxygen tanks , yes . King : Where were they ? Chase : I would see Dr. Murray carrying the oxygen tanks down in the mornings . King : On that morning or other mornings ? Chase : No . I did n't see him that morning . I saw him in the afternoon , but other mornings . King : He would carry them down ? Chase : Carry them down . King : They were portable oxygen tanks ? Chase : Yes . Chase said she just recently learned the warrants to search Murray 's offices cited her name as a suspected alias for Michael Jackson . "  I was just made aware of that from my publicist . I think that is ... appalling . I have no clue what that is about , " Chase said . She said detectives came to her home right after the death but did not ask her about her name being on any prescriptions . "  I do n't know what make of it , " Chase told King . Chase , who said she 's been a professional chef for about 14 years , said she 's seen the Jackson children since June 25 . "  They 're doing great . And I saw them a couple of weeks ago , " she said . "  And they look great and they 're playing with their cousins and having a good time . " Chase said she was first employed by Jackson in March but was let go . She said Jackson asked her to come back to their California residence in June and that the children were happy about her return . She said the children gave her a "  box of happiness " on return that contained little gifts and letters . One of them read in part : "  Dear Kai , thank you for the gifts and the gumbo . I hope you enjoy the gift . I think you 'll like it . Love , Prince Jackson . " Chase said she said no evidence that Michael Jackson was a poor eater . In fact , she said just the opposite was true from her observations . "  He ate very well , " she said . "  He ate organic and fresh . He -LSB- was -RSB- into the health foods and juices and things of that nature . " Chase briefly addressed other subjects : • On Katherine Jackson , Michael 's mother : "  I saw the interaction with them when I went to the home . ... They love their grandma , you know . It 's a beautiful bond that they have together . " • On Jackson 's ex-wife having visitation rights to her children : "  I think Debbie Rowe should see and raise her children . " • On Jackson 's planned London shows : "  We started talking about bringing , you know , video games and stuff to the private jet . And it was just , you know , he was very excited about going on this -- doing this tour . This is his comeback . " Life in the Jackson household -- from Chase 's account -- was a loving and cheerful one and that he loved his three children . "  You know , I would bring ... the lunches and set them on the table and they 'd all come in and sit , close the door and they 'd dine privately . And you would just hear laughter and story-telling and just beautiful things . Those were his babies . "	Kai Chase served as Michael Jackson 's personal chef , said he ate well She says she and Jackson children held hands , cried , prayed during health crisis Chase says she saw Dr. Conrad Murray bring oxygen tanks into Jackson household Life in the Jackson household was orderly and loving , the chef observes
CNN  -- Imagine you are sitting in your office simply doing your job and a nasty e-mail pops into your inbox accusing you of being a fraud . You go online and find that some bloggers have written virulent posts about you . That night , you 're at home with your family watching the news and a talking head is lambasting you by name . Later , a powerful politician demands all your e-mails from your former employer . It sounds surreal . But it all happened to me . What was my offense ? I worked on climate change research that indicated the world is a lot warmer today than it was in the past . Because that research caught the public 's attention when it was released in 1998 , I became one of dozens of climate researchers who have been systematically targeted by a well-funded anti-science campaign . Ironically , as these attacks have grown , the scientific facts have become ever clearer . Climate scientists know the world is warming and human activity -- particularly burning coal and oil -- is the primary driver . The idea of addressing climate change threatens some people in the fossil fuel industry . And a vocal minority of corporate interests and their ideological allies are spending a lot of money to hijack the public debate about climate change . I call all this the "  scientization " of politics . Attacks on science and scientists are an effort to advance a political agenda , not an effort to better understand science or the risks it uncovers . The tobacco industry did it when scientists linked cigarettes to cancer . The lead industry tried to discredit a scientist who found that lead exposure hurt children 's cognitive abilities . Now , it 's climate scientists ' turn . In the most infamous episode , somebody stole thousands of e-mails and documents from leading climate researchers , including me . They cherry picked key phrases from the e-mails and published them out of context , like a black-and-white political attack ad with ominous music . Fossil fuel industry-funded groups gleefully spread the e-mails online and badgered the mainstream media into covering the "  controversy " they had manufactured . It was no accident that this happened on the eve of a major international climate change meeting . Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter of oil , was the first to call for an investigation . The dozen independent investigations that did follow -- all of which exonerated the scientists -- got much less media coverage than the original nonscandal . Last year , the inspector general of the National Science Foundation found the charges against me were all baseless and reaffirmed mainstream climate science . Larger political factors helped sink the climate change talks . But the stolen e-mail "  scandal " has lived on . Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli  also a candidate for governor  cited it in his demand from my former employer -- the University of Virginia -- for all my documents and e-mails dating back several years . On March 2 , the Virginia Supreme Court ruled in our favor -- a Pyrrhic victory considering all of the money and resources wasted that could have been invested , for example , in measures to protect Virginia 's coastline from the damaging effects of the sea level rise it is already seeing . These attacks have prompted me to tell my own story in a new book , "  The Hockey Stick and the Climate Wars : Dispatches from the Front Lines . " Before it even came out , a coal industry front group ran radio advertisements condemning my employer , Penn State , for allowing me to speak on my own campus . Later , a former tobacco industry apologist offered $ 500 to anyone who would ask me a challenging question at another talk and provide him with video . This is a silly -- and indeed , dangerous -- way to have a climate change debate in this country . What keeps climate scientists working away in our labs and in the field , is that we keep uncovering more evidence of how climate change will impact our planet and our lives . In the face of these attacks , scientists are doing more to speak out , forming a Climate Science Rapid Response Team to connect scientists with journalists and a Climate Science Legal Defense Fund to help scientists defray legal costs . Groups like the Union of Concerned Scientists are redoubling their efforts to defend scientists and advance public understanding of climate change . And scientific societies are starting to do more to help their members deal with the poisonous political environment around climate change . I first tackled climate science as a graduate student in theoretical physics , looking around for a topic that would be worthy of a lifetime 's work . Attacked both professionally and personally , I became a reluctant public figure in the climate wars . And now , as the father of a 6-year-old girl , I want to make sure the planet we leave her is at least as beautiful and healthy as the one we grew up on . At the very least , our nation 's political and business leaders deserve to have a debate about her future that is grounded in reality . My daughter , and all of our children , deserve no less . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Mann .	Climate scientist Michael Mann says he was target of nasty campaign to discredit his work Mann : Attack against scientists was funded by fossil fuel industry , anti-science ideologists All accusations proven false , he says , but it galvanized scientists to counter misinformation Mann : Poisonous politics must not hijack the conversation about climate change
Inside their dark , barren home in Dagestan , Zubeidat and Anzor Tsarnaev finally hear the voice they 've been longing to hear for weeks . It 's the voice of their only surviving son , Dzhokhar . To the outside world , he 's suspected of helping to launch a gruesome attack at the Boston Marathon that killed three people and maimed dozens more . But to the Tsarnaevs , Dzhokhar is an innocent teen who has been victimized by the American justice system . In an exclusive interview with CNN affiliate ITN , Zubeidat Tsarnaev plays a recorded phone call with her 19-year-old son . It 's their first conversation since Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was shot and arrested in April . Zubeidat Tsarnaev asks her son whether he 's in pain . Video shows suspects at gym days before attack "  No , of course not . I 'm already eating and have been for a long time , " Dzhokhar responds in the call from a prison hospital recorded last week . "  They are giving me rice and chicken now . Everything 's fine . " Dzhokhar 's apparent calm surprises his mother . "  I felt like he would scream , you know , like , ` What 's going on ? ' " Zubeidat Tsarnaev tells ITN 's Channel 4 . "  Instead , he was just calming me down . " The parents insist their sons , Dzhokhar and 26-year-old Tamerlan , were n't responsible for the Boston bombings on April 15 . Dzhokhar : Boston bombing was payback for hits on Muslims "  It is terrible what happened , you know , but I know that my kids did not do it , " Zubeidat Tsarnaev says . After a wild police chase , Tamerlan Tsarnaev died in a shootout with police . He was also run over by his fleeing brother . The family says Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was supposed to visit Dagestan the same week as the bombing . "  We were waiting for you on the 18th at home , " Anzor Tsarnaev tells his son in the phone call . "  Not in our worst nightmares did we imagine this . " Former Chechen rebel : ' I have nothing to do with ' bombings The father says he does n't think his son understands what has happened to him . "  I understand . I 'm just someone in shock because justice has vanished , " Anzor Tsarnaev says . "  There is no justice . It 's impossible to understand what happened . " Anzor Tsarnaev tells his son they will meet again in heaven . "  We 're going to be together , " he says . Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's parents play parts of a phone call with him on ITN 's Channel 4 The parents insist their sons , Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev , are innocent Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed in a police shootout and was run over by his brother
CNN  -- Coverage for 30 million uninsured . A ban on lifetime payout limits . No co-pays or deductibles on preventive medical services . Insurers prohibited from excluding patients based on pre-existing medical conditions . The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  also known as "  Obamacare "  creates a massive , wide-scale overhaul of the heavily flawed and criticized health care system of the United States . But for all of the Obama administration 's work in creating this 906-page federal law , there is one glaring omission that could decrease the costs of health care and help relieve the upcoming physician shortage . Medical liability reform . How could the Obama administration create such a comprehensive overhaul of health care without addressing this issue ? Although not a panacea for the health problems in the United States , the need for physicians to practice defensive medicine in order to avoid potential litigation has far-reaching consequences . A 2008 survey of Massachusetts doctors found that 83 % admitted to practicing defensive medicine . This study determined that 18 % to 28 % of tests , procedures and referrals and 13 % of hospital admissions were performed for the sake of avoiding lawsuits . In this one state alone , an estimated $ 281 million in unnecessary physician costs and more than $ 1 billion in excessive hospital costs was due to the practice of defensive medicine . Across the country , doctors are ordering tests and consultations as a way to protect themselves from potential liability . In our litigation-obsessed culture , the costs for doctors to purchase liability insurance can be astronomical . According to the Medical Liability Monitor , in 2011 , general surgeons in Florida 's Miami-Dade County paid $ 190,000 per year for malpractice insurance . General internists in Detroit paid approximately $ 35,000 per year for coverage . It 's a well-known fact that family medicine physicians and even obstetrician-gynecologists are giving up the practice of obstetrics because of the excessive cost of malpractice insurance and the fear of potential lawsuits . Malpractice fees break OB-GYNs Even if physicians purchase malpractice insurance , it 's no guarantee that , should they get sued , they will not lose virtually everything they have . The maximum coverage most malpractice insurance carriers will offer a physician is $ 1 million per lawsuit . That means any verdict greater than this limit comes out of the doctor 's pocket . In today 's climate of multimillion-dollar verdicts , one lawsuit could be financially devastating . A physician can work 30 years , healing and saving the lives of thousands of patients , yet one mistake at the end of his or her career could literally cost them everything . Is that right ? Under this type of hostile litigious climate , why would n't physicians order that extra test , keep their patients in the hospital that extra night or refer for a second opinion ? As a board-certified plastic and reconstructive surgeon , I 'm aware of this every day . A recent study found that plastic surgeons have a 99 % chance of getting sued by the time they reach age 65 . Does the fear of missing a diagnosis and getting sued cause me to order more tests and referrals for my patients ? Definitely . Opinion : Doctors and patients should talk more , test less So why has n't the Obama administration included medical liability reform in the Affordable Care Act ? I suspect that it comes down to dollars . Not health care dollars or insurance dollars but campaign donation dollars . According to OpenSecrets.org , since 1990 , the American Association for Justice , previously known as the Association of Trial Lawyers of America , has given 92 % of its $ 36.8 million in contributions to Democrats . The association is also a large contributor to President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign . It is opposed to malpractice tort reform , for obvious reasons , and I suspect that it may have played a significant role in the absence of malpractice liability reform in the Affordable Care Act . In a 2009 speech to Congress , Obama stated that he "  talked to enough doctors to know that defensive medicine may be contributing to unnecessary costs . " With the cost of health care continuing to rise , it 's a shame his Affordable Care Act does n't include a provision addressing this . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Youn .	"  Obamacare " does not address medical liability reform Doctors practice "  defensive medicine " to avoid potential litigation Malpractice insurance costs can be astronomical for some One multimillion-dollar verdict can cause a doctor to lose everything
LONDON , England -- Malaria is preventable and curable , yet every 30 seconds , a child in sub-Saharan Africa dies from the disease , according to the World Health Organization . The Roll Back Malaria partnership has pledged money for nets , anti-malarial treatments and research for a vaccine . Last year on April 25 , the World Malaria Day initiative was launched to raise awareness of the disease and efforts to control malaria around the world , as part of the Roll Back Malaria partnership -- a global group of non-governmental organizations  NGOs  and governments . The groups behind Roll Back Malaria set ambitious goals to ensure universal access to malaria medication and treated mosquito nets in Africa by the end of 2010 . They also announced plans to attain near zero malaria-related deaths by 2015 . According to the WHO , the malaria currently kills one million people every year . As the second World Malaria Day approaches , how successful has the Roll Back Malaria partnership been in its aims ? Certainly , in the past two years , rapid progress has been made in malaria control , including a 60 percent decrease in malaria-related deaths in some countries such as Ethiopia and Zambia , according to figures from the WHO . Richard Feachem is director of the Global Health Group , an organization launched to design malaria control programs in developing countries . Writing in the medical journal Lancet , he said : "  Overall , we have many reasons to be optimistic . "  Except for those countries that are politically dysfunctional or suffering major conflicts , the 61 malaria control countries in the heartland will make great progress in reducing death and sickness from malaria over the next 10 years . " "  The challenge now is the implementation gap between political commitment , ambition , and availability of funds , and the capacity at ground level to do the work that needs to be done . " The Roll Back Malaria partnership 's profile has also been raised by the surge of new NGOs such as Malaria No More , and their partnerships with international celebrities . Footballer David Beckham and actor Ashton Kutcher recently lent their support to the cause . Earlier this month , Kutcher won a Twitter race against CNN to reach one million followers . The actor pledged 10,000 mosquito nets to Malaria No More , if he beat CNN , and 1,000 if he lost . CNN agreed to do the same . CNN 's founder Ted Turner 's United Nations Foundation has also donated $ 2 million to deliver insecticide-treated bed nets to more than 630,000 people in African refugee camps . "  Since last year , we have achieved enormous progress in many countries by donating money , assistance and monitoring progress , " executive director of Roll Back Malaria , professor Awa-Marie Coll-Seck , told CNN . Read our malaria A to Z guide And last week , the partnership decided on a new plan to subsidize anti-malarial medication in 11 African countries at first , where one treatment dose now costs $ 10 in the private sector , more than many Africans earn in a week . "  We will negotiate with pharmaceutical companies to make them reduce the price of anti-malarial medication " said Coll-Seck , a former Senegalese Health Minister . As a result , the price of medication will be expected to drop to at least a tenth of its current price . To achieve all its goals , Coll-Seck says the partnership needs $ 5 billion . They have already received $ 2 billion from the Global Fund to Fight AIDS , Tuberculosis and Malaria , the United States Presidential Malaria Initiative -- launched by President Bush in 2005 -- and foundations like the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . "  I think that achieving zero deaths by 2015 is a very ambitious goal , " Awa explained , "  but I believe at least several countries will be able to achieve it . On a global scale , we still need progress . " Janet Hemingway , CEO of the Innovative Vector Control Consortium at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , believes the Roll Back Malaria partnership was right to strive for such ambitious targets . "  We have to strive for these goals " she told CNN , "  because unless they set these goals , we 're never going to achieve them . "  Now it 's up to us on the ground to make them happen . "	As World Malaria Day approaches , many are optimistic about ending malaria deaths In the past two years , rapid progress has been made in malaria control Some countries like Zambia have reported a 60 percent decrease in malaria deaths
CNN  -- Volcanologists in the Philippines are closely monitoring a volcano on Luzon Island close to the capital , Manila , after a sudden spike in seismic activity . Twenty one volcanic earthquakes were recorded at Taal Volcano from Sunday 8 a.m. to Monday 8 a.m. . One of the earthquakes was felt by local residents in Brgy Calauit at the southeast side of the island . Scientists at the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology  PHIVOLCS  say the quakes are an indication that magma is moving towards Taal 's surface . The main crater lake has been heating up since January . PHIVOLCS Science Research Specialist Alex Ramos told CNN that scientists have seen "  a slight intensification of steaming in the main crater lake . " He said emissions of carbon dioxide have risen from 1,875 tons per day in February to 4,670 tons at the end of March . PHIVOLCS has raised its five step alert level to 2 around Taal and is warning people not to go near the crater lake or main Daang Kastila Trail due to the high concentration of toxic gases and a risk of steam explosions . The popular tourist attraction is 65 kilometres  40 miles  south of the Manila . An estimated 7,000 people live on the volcanic island which last erupted in 1977 . From CNN 's Hannah Belcher in Hong Kong	Volcano in tourist area south of Manila is showing activity There were 21 volcanic earthquakes from early Sunday to early Monday
Muscat , Oman  CNN  -- Cyclone Phet weakened as it churned along coastal Oman Friday , dumping up to 25 centimeters  10 inches  of rain on the region . Phet , once a powerful Category 4 storm , has been downgraded to Category 1 with winds of about 140 km/hr  86 mph  , according to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center . Yet Phet brought massive flooding to Muscat and whipped the capital with winds gusting above 200 km/hr  125 mph  at the height of the storm . The storm is forecast to reenter the Arabian Sea late Friday or early Saturday before making a projected landfall near Karachi , Pakistan , Sunday . In Pakistan , authorities dispatched Navy helicopters to alert fishermen near Karachi and parts of Balochistan to the expected arrival of Cyclone Phet and to urge them to return to shore , the state-run Associated Press of Pakistan reported Thursday . Navy units were on high alert should they be needed in the aftermath of the cyclone . Fourteen families marooned Thursday by high tides were evacuated by helicopter to higher ground , said Pakistani Chief of Naval Staff Adm. Nauman Bashir . Civilians along Pakistan 's coast will receive priority in the relief effort , dubbed "  Operation Madad , " should it be needed , he said . The Pakistan navy secured its ships near the threatened areas , Deputy Chief of Naval Staff  Operations  Vice Adm. Abass Raza told reporters in Islamabad . "  All the assets of Pakistan navy are safe and necessary precautionary measures have been taken to ensure their safety in case cyclone Phet hits the coastal areas of country , " he said .	Phet dumps heavy rain along coast of Oman Once powerful storm weakens Phet is forecast to hit Pakistan Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- Political operatives are pushing pot legalization in several states this year in the hopes of sparking high turnout in this fall 's midterm elections , and are looking ahead to 2016 as well . If voters approve a closely-watched ballot initiative in November , Florida could become the first Southern state to allow medical marijuana . And voters in Alaska and Oregon -- two states that already allow medical marijuana and have decriminalized harsh sentencing for some recreational use -- will likely vote on whether to join Colorado and Washington in allowing , taxing and regulating pot for recreational use . A look at marijuana laws in the U.S. There 's not much of a smoke screen shrouding as to why some Democratic political strategists would want marijuana measures on ballots this year given President Barack Obama 's low approval numbers and the party 's historic slump in terms of turnout in midterm election years , marijuana policy analysts said . ` Young adults and legalization ' "  It 's nothing but politics , " said Jon Gettman , an assistant professor of criminal justice at Shenandoah University . "  If anyone 's electoral strategy is to bring out new voters , one area they would target is young adults and marijuana legalization . " That 's because people under 30 are more likely to use and be arrested for pot , Gettman said . And , he added , young voter attitudes about legalizing marijuana also tends to cut across political ideologies and includes a cross section of liberals and libertarians . According to a Pew Research Center poll conducted in February , 70 % of respondents between 18 and 29 believe marijuana should be legalized . Comparatively , 32 % of people 65 and older support legalization . So , political operatives and their well-heeled backers have sallied forth , in part , with the hopes of hooking those elusive young voters with the allure of legalizing marijuana . For example , Oregon 's petition drive , which the National Conference of State Legislatures said is gaining steam , is funded by New Approach Oregon . The group last year received $ 50,000 from the Drug Policy Alliance , an organization with ties to billionaire and pro-marijuana legalization advocate George Soros . Alaska 's Begich in tight race In Alaska , "  the finances were right " to put money and effort into getting a ballot initiative , said Dan Riffle , director of federal policies for the Marijuana Policy Project , a pro-pot legalization group . In that state , Democratic Sen. Mark Begich is in a competitive race to keep his seat . Those who oppose marijuana legalization balk at the influence of big cash and election year pushes . "  It has n't been a fair fight in terms of messaging . They 've spent over $ 100 million to advocate this , " said Kevin Sabet , an assistant professor at the University of Florida 's Drug Policy Institute . "  It speaks to the money in marijuana politics . " Pot Politics "  You have special interest groups lobbying , pollsters , public relations and marijuana companies that are funding this . They stand to make a lot of money if  marijuana legalizes nationally  , " said Sabet who served as a drug policy adviser to both Republican and Democratic administrations and is on the board of directors of Smart Approaches to Marijuana , an anti-pot legalization group . "  This is about creating the next big tobacco and getting rich off of other people 's addictions . " In the effort to get marijuana-related ballot initiatives , pro-pot legalization advocates have also netted the support of older voters who perhaps may be more likely to suffer from ailments they hope marijuana can alleviate , and those who were born during the 1960s and 70s and bore witness to looser cultural attitudes about drug use , marijuana policy experts said . Drawing voters to polls Pot measures are more likely to draw voters to the polls , said Chris Arterton , a political management professor at George Washington University who helped conduct a national poll in late March examining the issue . According to the poll "  39 % of surveyed voters reported that they would be much more likely to turn out to the polls if there was a proposal to legalize the use of marijuana on the ticket . An additional 30 % said that they would be somewhat more likely to vote in the election under that circumstance . " According to the poll , 40 % of Republicans and 39 % of Democrats say they would be strongly more likely to turn out , Arterton said . A CNN/ORC International poll conducted in January found that a little more than half of those surveyed -- 55 % -- supports marijuana legalization . This is an increase from the 16 % who supported legalization a quarter century ago . Legal in 21 states , DC Medical marijuana is legal in 21 states and the District of Columbia , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . This year , 18 state governments had measures dealing with legalizing marijuana for recreational use , according to National Conference of State Legislatures . Some 15 states considered whether to create new medical marijuana laws , 14 weighed creating new medical marijuana programs and 14 considered decriminalizing marijuana , according to an analysis of current state marijuana legislation efforts performed by the National Conference of State Legislatures for CNN . Majority in Colorado say legalizing pot was good for state Fewer than a dozen of the measures have been enacted , the analysis found . Meanwhile , the politics of putting an initiative on the ballot to legalize medical marijuana in Florida has proven hazy indeed . Crist running in Florida Wealthy Orlando trial attorney John Morgan is helping bankroll not only the pot ballot initiative push and voter turnout efforts , but also the campaign of former Gov. Charlie Crist , a Republican-turned-Democrat , in his effort to reclaim that office . Morgan said he poured $ 4 million of his own money into the ballot effort to help people like his brother , who is a quadriplegic , and his father , who died from esophageal cancer , whose suffering was eased by medical marijuana . Republicans have cried foul over the connection and say Democratic operatives are just using pot as a ploy to turnout votes for Crist . "  I love Charlie Crist and I like Charlie Crist , but I do n't like him $ 4 million dollars worth , " Morgan told CNN . United for Care , the Morgan-backed organization behind the initiative also said the GOP is blowing smoke . "  It 's a very cynical argument , " said Ben Pollara , the group 's director and a Democratic fundraiser who is also helping raise campaign cash for Crist . "  That has nothing to do with what we 're doing . " Meanwhile , Republican Gov. Rick Scott , who trails Crist in the polls , stunned observers last week when , despite previously stating his opposition to legalizing medical marijuana , he vowed to sign into law a bill legalizing a limited version of the drug for some medicinal purposes . A Quinnipiac University poll conducted in late April found that 88 % of Florida voters support legal medical marijuana use by adults , backing that was high among both young and elderly respondents . While advocates reject claims from the other side that they are being politically manipulative , they do acknowledge that politicians looking for a bump at the polls might do well to align themselves with the pro-pot legalization cause . The 2016 play With an eye on the 2016 elections , Riffle 's organization is already anticipating backing initiatives to tax and regulate marijuana for that year 's ballot in Arizona , California , Maine , Massachusetts , Nevada and possibly Montana . His organization 's efforts "  might bring voters to the polls who might favor Crist in the election , " Riffle said adding that politicians might want to take note . "  It 's important because one of the ways we 're gaining traction in Congress is that it is gaining popularity in states . Florida would be the second most populous marijuana state . " Guess which politicians have tried pot	Critical battleground state of Florida , and others , have pot legalization on fall ballots Advocates say marijuana legalization measures could help with youth voter turnout Opponents accuse legalization advocates of using the issue to influence elections Florida 's medical marijuana vote this fall could prove a watershed moment
CNN  -- As "  faster than real time " technology capable of predicting our every move is discussed at LeWeb in London this week , it seems prudent to ask whether such developments will actually improve our lives . Always-connected apps and platforms currently have us texting , networking and even talking to Siri while driving . As if that was n't bad enough , we 're unveiling applications that not only know where you are now , but where you 're probably going next . They 'll also guess what you 'll buy while you 're there and who you 'll most likely be talking to . Thankfully , our overmedicated and undisciplined youth are predicated to thrive in this information overloaded , attention deficit disordered world , so most do n't see any problem with more data , features and apps . Facebook threatens to ` Zuck up ' the human race But at some point , someone will have to draw the line . Unfortunately , if we do n't start paying attention to the social and legal implications of this technology , that duty will fall to the government . And who thinks that will work out well ? As Jeremiah Owyang of digital advisory firm Altimeter Group wrote recently , store clerks could soon be using facial recognition and online influence scores to help them prioritize who needs help . But tell a politician that his or her score on Klout , the social media influence ranking website , may prioritize the attention they get from a voter -- or even the level of service they receive from a bartender -- and let 's see how many injunctions get filed by the end of happy hour . Fast-forward to the anticipatory software of the future . I imagine someone is already building an app that scrapes location-based data to tell marketers where you 'll eat next and who will be with you . I do n't think this exists yet , but the brilliant brains behind today 's start-ups will come up with it soon enough . In the digital age , everyone is becoming a spook At what point does this real-time and "  faster than real time " push become creepy ? And when it does , who will step in to say : "  Okay , let 's not get carried away ? " It will probably happen in Europe before it does in the United States , where lax privacy regulations reign . But should n't it be tackled sooner rather than leaving it until it triggers a heavy-handed response . If it 's left to parliament in the UK , Congress in the U.S. or legislators in other countries -- democratic or not -- then we are setting ourselves up for disappointment . Whenever preferential treatment to one set of people , governments usually intervene . But surely playing favorites with race , sex , and religion is a far cry from the marketing segmentation delivered by "  faster than real time " technology ? Or is it ? The real-time technology of today is already frightening for some , although it is becoming less so as the over sharing of personal data becomes culturally more acceptable . But this notion of "  faster-than-real-time , " while fascinating , may predict a much darker , more Orwellian future . Tread softly LeWeb . We do n't want you to get carried away . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jason Falls .	LeWeb 's "  Faster than real time " theme refers to precognitive tech that can predict our choices Youth thrive in an information-overloaded world and do not see problems coming , says Falls Falls asks , What are the social and legal implications of predictive technology ?
CNN  -- First , you have to get past the name . JJAMZ -- pronounced with a stutter on the "  J " -- sounds more like a Nickelodeon TV show than a hipster supergroup . Yet its musical pedigree is impressive , boasting members of Maroon 5 , Phantom Planet , Rilo Kiley , Bright Eyes and The Like . "  The band really just started out of our friendship , " says James Valentine , who is best known to mainstream audiences as the guitarist for Maroon 5 . "  It literally started on a night when we were all just hanging out , drinking together , and we decided , ` Hey , why not write some songs ? ' So we did . " The result is "  Suicide Pact , " their debut CD , released this summer on Dangerbird Records . The disc features 10 dreamy indie pop tracks -- from the retro-sounding "  Never Enough " to the Madonna-esque lead single , "  Heartbeat . " "  All of our previous engagements and bands we were in before this sort of took breaks or ended around the same time , " explains Z Berg , the only female in the quintet . "  We all kind of magically were able to make this a real band , which is cool . " Berg first gained notice as the 15-year-old vocalist of the girl group The Like . In JJAMZ , she trades off on lead vocals with Phantom Planet front man Alex Greenwald and solo artist Michael Runion . Drummer Jason Boesel , whose credits include Rilo Kiley and Bright Eyes , rounds out the band with guitarist Valentine . The five say they 've been best friends for more than a decade . "  There 's a lot of history in this band , and you just have to wonder what it is , " Berg teases . "  It would be a really good ` Behind the Music ' if we got into how entangled all of our lives are , " Valentine says . "  It would be the best ` Behind the Music ' ever . " But Boesel says : "  No way we 're going to top Motley Crue . "	"  Suicide Pact " is JJAMZ 's debut CD , released this summer on Dangerbird Records "  Suicide Pact " features 10 dreamy indie pop tracks The band boasts members of Maroon 5 , Phantom Planet , Rilo Kiley , Bright Eyes and The Like
