CNN  A runway at New York 's LaGuardia Airport reopened Friday morning , a day after a Delta Air Lines plane skidded off it before halting near the icy waters of Flushing Bay . Runway 13 remained closed until the plane could be removed and brought into a hangar . It reopened at 10:30 a.m. ET Friday , according to Ron Marsico , a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey . The Delta plane slid off the runway Thursday morning , with its nose busting through a fence before skidding to a halt mere feet from frigid waters . Delta Flight 1086 briefly circled New York due to issues with snow and ice before touching down shortly after 11 a.m. Thursday , passenger Jared Faellaci told CNN . Almost as soon as it did , those aboard realized something was wrong -- the aircraft 's wheels seemed to have little to no traction , sliding for about 20 seconds . "  You did n't feel the wheels take , " Faellaci said . Then it was a matter of "  where we are going to end up , " he said . About 4,500 to 5,000 feet down Runway 13 , the MD-88 veered to the left and mercifully stopped on a small embankment . A little farther , and the plane -- with 127 passengers and five crew members -- would have been in Flushing Bay rather than on the airport 's snow-covered ground . Contrary to what Delta said in a statement , the aircraft 's slides did not deploy , according to Port Authority Executive Director Patrick Foye . Still , with help from first responders , everyone was able to get off and onto buses that took them to LaGuardia 's Delta terminal . Video showed passengers exiting the plane into the subfreezing temperatures as emergency vehicles converged on the area . Twenty-four people suffered injuries that were non-life threatening . Three of those were transported to nearby hospitals , the New York City Fire Department tweeted . Faellaci said he was thankful for the plane 's crew , first responders and God that it was n't much worse . "  It was cause for a moment of prayer and a moment of reflection , as people were scared , " he said . "  The pilot did a phenomenal job . " The plane left a relatively balmy Atlanta shortly after 9 a.m. LaGuardia was dealing with snow and freezing fog as the flight approached its destination about two hours later . Before touching down , the plane 's pilot said weather problems could cause a delay . Still , little prepared passengers for what happened . Faellaci said he was reminded of the U.S. Airways plane that landed in the Hudson River in 2009 . All 155 people aboard that flight -- heading from LaGuardia to Charlotte , North Carolina -- famously survived thanks to the skills of pilot Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger . The landing of Delta Flight 1086 was terrifying for many . "  There were people that were calm , there were people that were praying , there were people that obviously were frantic , there were people that were crying , " Faellaci said . Jihad Lateef , another passenger , was traveling with his brother . "  When the plane landed it was like me falling off of the top bunk -- did n't really know what was going on -- I just felt a hit , boom , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " "  I just prayed . " The Port Authority chief said plows had cleared the runway minutes before Flight 1086 touched down and that two other landing pilots had reported "  good braking " action on Runway 13 . Still , that does n't mean the pilot did anything wrong . "  I think the pilot did everything he could to slow the aircraft down , " Foye said . "  Obviously , the pilot and the co-pilot 's efforts were reflected in the fact there were only minor injuries . " After the plane stopped , emotions ratcheted down some but not entirely . Faellaci said there was some "  panic and shoving your way to the front " to get off , though "  for the most part it was very orderly . " Passengers spent a few minutes standing in the snow -- carrying little more than their wallets and phones -- before buses took them into the warmth and comfort of the terminal . Four minutes after the plane landed , all of LaGuardia Airport shut down to air traffic . One of its two runways -- the one not involved in the incident -- reopened a few hours later . CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	LaGuardia Airport 's Runway 13 reopens after plane removed Passenger : Airplane skidded for about 20 seconds before stopping feet from water Fire department reports 24 non-life-threatening injuries , three headed to area hospitals
Baseball pitching great Roger Clemens was found not guilty Monday of lying to Congress during an investigation of steroid use among major league players . The case against Clemens involved one count of obstruction of Congress , three counts of making false statements and two counts of perjury . He was not charged with illicit use of performance-enhancing drugs , but his denial of such use was part of the case against him . A federal jury found him not guilty on all six counts . Clemens wiped his eyes after the verdict was announced , then hugged his likewise emotional sons . His lawyer , Rusty Hardin , meanwhile , gave a thumbs-up to the jury before leaving the courtroom . "  Mr. Clemens , you 're free to go , " Judge Reggie Walton said . Minutes later , Clemens thanked his family , lawyers and others who have supported him during the trial and in the years since he was accused of using illicit performance enhancing drugs . "  I put a lot of hard work into  my  career , " he told reporters , choking up on the steps of the federal courthouse in Washington . "  I appreciate my teammates that came in , and all the e-mails and phone calls . " Hardin thanked the jury , and lavished praise on his client for his demeanor and character . "  It has been 4 1/2 years since we listened to a picture that does n't match up at all with the man we have grown to know and love , " the lawyer said . "  He is not only a seven-time Cy Young winner , he 's a hell of a man . " NL MVP 's suspension overturned Members of the U.S. attorney 's office in the District of Columbia said little about the verdict Monday afternoon , beyond thanking the jury and investigators in a brief statement . "  We respect the judicial process and the jury 's verdict , " the U.S. attorney 's office said . Six days earlier , federal prosecutor Courtney Saleski told jurors in closing arguments that Clemens "  wanted to protect his brand , he wanted to protect his livelihood , " in denying the use of steroids during a 2008 investigation by the U.S. House of Representatives into the problem . The Clemens defense team disputed whether the government had made its case , telling the jury all the evidence came through a former personal trainer , Brian McNamee , who had incentive to lie . "  You saw Brian McNamee , the only witness in the history of the world who says he gave or saw an injection of that man , " said defense attorney Michael Attanasio . "  One person in the entire world . " During closing arguments , the defense cited the lack of corroborating witnesses . It took about eight weeks for the prosecution and defense to question 46 witnesses , and the most direct conflict came among expert witnesses as to how to interpret a collection of discarded medical items that allegedly linked Clemens to steroid use . The pitcher did not take the stand in his defense . Soiled medical wrappings , cotton balls , drug vials and hypodermic needles that McNamee kept were interpreted differently by each side . Witnesses for the government said genetic material linked with Clemens suggested it was impossible for McNamee to fabricate the evidence . But defense witnesses on the same topic said storage in a beer can for years allowed commingling and contamination of materials , making reliable conclusions impossible , and the evidence nearly worthless . CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said a big part of Clemens ' defense was , in essence , putting Congress on trial -- claiming they were never serious about using whatever testimony was given to shape future legislation . "  He was basically saying , Congress was putting on a show . They did n't care , " Toobin said of Hardin . "  They just wanted Clemens to come up there , they were n't planning to do anything with the testimony . " This was the second trial for Clemens . About a year ago , a mistrial was declared before the case reached the jury . The government 's lawyers played video evidence the judge had already banned . Prosecutors said it was an editing mistake , but the Clemens defense team suggested prosecutors were unprepared and had gotten off to a bad start . The verdict comes six months after Barry Bonds got two years of probation and 30 days of house arrest for obstruction of justice in a federal steroids-related case and days after federal prosecutors dropped all remaining charges against former Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards , less than two weeks after his corruption trial ended in an acquittal and mistrial . "  It was not a great case , but this is a real blow to the Justice Department , " Toobin said of prosecutors ' case against Clemens . Lance Armstrong banned from world Ironman events over doping probe Known as "  The Rocket , " Clemens was among the most accomplished pitchers of his generation , earning seven Cy Young awards as his league 's best pitcher and 11 All-Star appearances before retiring in 2007 . He was known for his blazing fastball -- his 4,672 strikeouts are the third most of any Major League pitcher -- as well as his excellence over all stages of his 24-year career . But the Texas native made news for a different reason in 2007 , when he was among a number of baseball stars -- along with others including Bonds , Gary Sheffield and Jason Giambi -- in an investigation by Major League Baseball into the illicit use of performance-enhancing drugs . That investigation was led by former U.S. Senator George Mitchell . Yet despite being accused by his longtime former trainer , Clemens has consistently and strongly denied using steroids . That includes comments he made during the 2008 congressional hearing delving into the Mitchell Report and later in reaction to his six-count indictment . Hardin , the now-49-year-old pitcher 's lawyer , bemoaned how people labeled his client arrogant because he denied using performance-enhancing drugs . He insisted Monday that Clemens -- who will become eligible for entry into baseball 's hall of fame next year -- "  from  age  16 to 45 was the same person . " "  I hope those in the public that made up their mind  about Clemens ' steroid use  before there was a trial will now back up and entertain the possibility of what he 's always said : Using steroids and HGH is cheating , and is totally contrary to his entire career , " said Hardin .	Clemens ' lawyer says his client has always believed steroid use is "  cheating " The 7-time Cy Young winner says he "  put a lot of hard work " into his baseball career He was charged with obstruction of Congress , making false statements and perjury A mistrial was declared about a year ago after inadmissible evidence was shown in court
CNN  -- South Korea accused North Korea Wednesday of carrying out a wave of cyberattacks that paralyzed the networks of major South Korean banks and broadcasters last month . An official investigation found that many of the malignant codes employed in the attacks were similar to ones used by the North previously , said Lee Seung-won , an official at the South Korean science ministry . Although some observers said at the time of the computer crashes that they suspected North Korean involvement , this is the first time that Seoul has formally pointed the finger at Pyongyang . The allegations coincide with a tense situation on the Korean Peninsula , with the North making repeated threats of war . South Korean and U.S. officials have warned that a North Korean missile test could take place at any moment . North Korea 's war of words escalates : A timeline of the crisis South Korea believes North Korea had spent at least eight months preparing for the cyberattacks , which also affected hundreds of individual citizens ' computers and websites that cover North Korea , Lee said at a news briefing Wednesday . There did n't appear to be any immediate reaction on North Korean state-run media to the South Korean accusations . The main hacking attack took place on March 20 , hitting more than 48,000 computers at the South Korean banks and broadcasters , authorities said . It infected the companies ' computer networks with a malicious program , or malware , that slowed or shut down systems . The South 's investigation found evidence including IP addresses and other elements used in the cyberattacks that it said proved North Korean responsibility . The hackers routed the attacks through more 10 different countries , Lee said . South Korea has accused the North of similar hacking attacks before , including incidents in 2010 and 2012 that also targeted banks and media organizations . Pyongyang has rejected the allegations . DMZ : Tensions high at knife-edge of Korean conflict Journalist Lee Hyun-pyo in Seoul contributed to this report .	It 's the first time the South has officially accused the North of conducting the attacks Seoul says the codes used were similar to ones used before by Pyongyang The attacks last month infected thousands of computers at major companies
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- Hundreds of workers from one of Hong Kong 's largest telecommunications companies stormed out of work Tuesday , chanting protests about possible job cuts . A worker cleans a PCCW telephone booth in January in Hong Kong , China . An estimated 350 contract workers at PCCW walked off the job for a half-day and staged a protest outside the company headquarters , chanting slogans such as : "  We are against pay cuts . We are against layoffs . " Organizers told CNN that PCCW hired about 2,000 to 3,000 workers from other companies and those workers have now been told they face at least a 10 percent salary cut and might lose their jobs . The company said in a written statement , "  No decision has been taken to date about cutting contract rates with subcontractors . The company reviews its commercial arrangements with contractors annually and looks to achieve productivity gains and reduced rates where possible . ... We commenced discussions with subcontractors last week and questioned whether a 10 percent reduction in contract rates might be possible . " Unions are trying to negotiate a settlement , strike organizers said . It was inappropriate to make any assumptions about staff pay cuts or layoffs , because discussions are ongoing , the company said .	An estimated 350 contract workers at PCCW walk off the job for a half-day Organizers say PCCW has warned of salary cuts and job losses The company says no decision has been made PCCW also says they have begun talks about a possible cut in contract rates
Mashable  -- Facebook is rolling out an update to News Feed that lets people sort information by Recent Stories or Highlighted Stories . The update adds a "  Sort " link at the top of the News Feed . Clicking it brings up two options for organizing News Feed content : "  Highlighted Stories First " or "  Recent Stories First . " Highlighted Stories will push the most important content to the top of the page -- the current way it operates . The Recent Stories option will order News Feed items in reverse chronological order , though it is not as comprehensive as Facebook 's real-time "  Ticker " . The social network revamped News Feed in September in an attempt to make sure users do n't miss the important events in their friends ' lives . This was accomplished through the launch of Ticker and an update that highlighted key events that occurred within users ' social graphs . As part of this change , Facebook removed the "  Top Stores " and "  Most Recent " links at the top of the page . It looks like that some users still wanted a simple way to see News Feed items at any time , though . The new News Feed has the ability to see recent stories in News Feed if you had logged in recently , but it was n't a comprehensive option . Facebook says that the Sort feature will be rolling out over the next few days . Do you think bringing Recent Stories back is a good idea ? Let us know in the comments . See the original story on Mashable.com © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Update lets people sort information by Recent Stories or Highlighted Stories Recent Stories option will order News Feed items in reverse chronological order The social network originally revamped News Feed in September
CNN  -- At least 12 people were killed and more than 130 injured Tuesday when two explosions hit an Interior Ministry building in the Nile Delta city of Mansoura , Egyptian media reported . Previously , the semi-official Al Ahram news agency reported 14 dead , citing the country 's Health Ministry . It was not immediately clear why the death toll was lowered . Among the people injured is the head of the security directorate of Dakahlia governorate , state-news agency MENA said , citing Health Ministry officials . Part of the building collapsed after the explosion , MENA said . One blast occurred on one of the top floors of the building and was followed by a car bomb , MENA reported . Egypt 's interim Prime Minister Hazem al Beblawi called it a terrorist incident and said the perpetrators will not go unpunished . Without directly blaming the Muslim Brotherhood , the party that backs ousted President Mohamed Morsy , he called that party a terrorist group in his statement to the nation . The Muslim Brotherhood tweeted Tuesday that it "  strongly condemn  ed  the cowardly bombing in #Mansoura & express deep condolences to families of the victims #Egypt . " An Egyptian court in September ordered a ban on activities by the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , in a move that diminished its political power . Witness : Heavy damage at the site Ahmed El Shabrawy was at his home when he heard a loud blast . He told CNN it took him five minutes to run to the building where he saw a man pulled by other residents from the rubble of the building . He estimated that dozens of cars were damaged , and there was a large area around one of the blast sites were there was "  heavy material damage . " At least 10 ambulances had responded to the scene , he said . So many people rushed to a blood donation center that workers had to turn people away , he added . CNN first learned of the blasts from Twitter . Upcoming vote on proposed constitution The blasts come in the lead-up to Egypt 's referendum on a new constitution , which will be held January 14 and 15 . The draft constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . A military coup in July unseated Morsy , who was democratically elected . Since then there have been almost daily protests , some of which have ended in violence and other bombings , such as one on December 12 when 20 police recruits were injured in a car bomb attack . On Sunday , Ansar Jerusalem , a self-proclaimed jihadist group responsible for several terrorist attacks , mainly in the Sinai Peninsula , issued an online statement calling on army and police members to quit . "  With your staying in these institutions from evening to morning , you are incurring the anger of Allah , " the statement said . No group immediately claimed responsibility for Tuesday 's bombing . Morsy , an Islamist leader , has endured a series of legal troubles . He and 132 others will face trial for escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported Saturday . Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas , al Ahram reported . He is also charged with raiding other prisons , and killing soldiers and officers in Rafah , it said . He has been in custody since his ouster . CNN 's Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	The acting PM calls Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group but stops short of blaming it Two blasts hit an Interior Ministry building in Mansoura Blasts come as nation prepares for a referendum on a new constitution More than 130 people were injured , media reports
It 's been nearly two years since Xi Jinping assumed paramount leadership in China and the world has mixed feelings about him . The latest Pew Research Center findings show that Xi has received mostly negative ratings from those surveyed in the West , the Middle East , and long-time rivals Japan and the Philippines . However , the president is viewed favorably in several neighboring countries , as well as in Africa . Back home in China , Xi also receives overwhelmingly good ratings , with 92 % of Chinese people polled expressing confidence in him . To many China watchers , such a mixed bag of ratings confirms that Xi remains a cipher . People -- both inside China and out -- are still debating : Is Xi Jinping a reformist or tyrant ? The man who took over the Communist Party 's paramount post in November 2012 , and six months later the state presidency , certainly has the pedigree for leadership . The son of a respected Communist guerrilla leader who was an ally of Deng Xiaoping , the architect of China 's reform program , Xi grew up in Beijing with fellow "  princelings " and political elite . Since taking control , he 's assumed a raft of top posts in the Party , the government and the military ; some China watchers have dubbed him "  Chairman of Everything . " Orthodox reformist China 's leader faces a long list of challenges : Economic slowdown , corruption , growing gap between the rich and poor , rising criminality , environmental and ecological degradation . Simmering ethnic tensions in the frontier regions of Xinjiang and Tibet , which in recent months have witnessed some of the worst ethnic violence , are also cause for worry , as are territorial disputes with Japan , the Philippines and Vietnam . "  The Party is beset by crisis because it is moving into an era where so many sociopolitical challenges need to be addressed , " says Kerry Brown , professor of Chinese Politics and director of the China Studies Center at the University of Sydney . Xi 's political resume shows that he 's ideally placed for implementing reform , particularly economic . As a provincial leader in southern China , Xi was in charge of free market-dominated economies . "  All evidence shows he worked well with them , and was always very cautious , " says Brown , who is also the author of "  The New Emperors : Power and the Princelings in Modern China . " "  Xi 's record shows an orthodox reformist , nothing more . " Contradictions Yet , after almost two years at the helm of the world 's second-largest economy , his policies and promises suggest that he is a bundle of contradictions . While some see him as a reformer , others view him as a throwback . To tighten his grip on the 80-million strong Communist Party , he preaches ideological orthodoxy , and has revived some communist rhetoric and practices , such "  criticism and self-criticism " sessions . And he 's also cracked down on China 's nascent dissenting voices . In recent months , China has detained scores of liberal intellectuals and many more civil rights activists . He has also silenced raucous bloggers . These examples of heavy-handedness have dashed earlier hopes that Xi may be a potential liberal reformer . "  I do n't think he is a reformist , " says Teng Biao , a human rights lawyer and a leader of China 's citizens ' right movement . "  He is collecting power in order to be a dictator . He hates open politics -- liberal democracy -- but wants a powerful economy . " Economic primacy Indeed , Xi is not wishy-washy on the belief that economic growth is essential to political and social stability -- and the survival of the Communist Party . "  Xi Jinping 's core aim is to rejuvenate the Communist Party in order to push through drastic free market reforms that he believes will make China a modern , prosperous world power , " says Sidney Rittenberg , a seasoned China-watcher and author of "  The Man Who Stayed Behind " , a book about his experiences in China . "  This means nothing less than a new revolution in China . " To succeed , "  Xi must overcome resistance from jaded bureaucrats who stand to lose power and privileges . " "  New revolution " Even as Xi seeks to silence dissent and consolidate power , he has started to address sensitive issues . Some of his planned reforms are aspirational , some are underway , but all have the potential to drastically affect the Chinese political , social and economic landscape in China . Chief among these is the issue of labor camps , which operate outside the judicial system and have been blamed for human rights abuses and injustices . Xi 's reform system could have a direct impact on this system . He 's also taken to task the draconian and unpopular one-child policy , which have been blamed for cases of forced abortion and infanticide -- late last year the government announced plans to relax the restrictions , chiefly for parents who were single children themselves . He also plans to liberalize the "  hukou " residence registration system , which restricts rural migrants ' rights in cities , freeing up migration and , in theory at least , developing a more mobile , dynamic workforce . Economically , he proposes allowing increased competition in state-dominated industries , further moving the country away from an outdated , inefficient centralized model . He 's also looking to drastically alter the country 's definition of economic success , by ending the obsession with GDP growth and instead aim for quality , not quantity . One of the more eye-catching reforms that Xi has in mind , perhaps crucially , is a plan to build a more independent judiciary . The political impact of a move away from the much-maligned system remains to be seen . Xi 's boldest gambit so far , however , is the anti-corruption campaign which has already snared thousands of bureaucrats , military officers and enterprise managers . They include scores of formerly powerful senior leaders in the Communist Party and the military . Long-term strategy "  He is tactically focusing on the soft targets -- corruption , inefficiency in the state sector , reform of fiscal decision-making -- before moving onto much harder ones , " says Brown . Xi is expected to stay in the No. 1 seat for eight more years , assuming he will get a second five-year tenure , as has been the unwritten norm since Deng Xiaoping 's death in 1997 . Long-term , he faces a tougher challenge . "  Growth alone is not enough , " says Brown . "  Equity , balance and political issues are demanding some answers . " "  Xi and his leadership have to convince enough Chinese that the good years ahead are worth sacrifice now , and that it is worth continuing to invest in the current political model because it will deliver the ` rich and strong nation ' that has been the Chinese Dream since 1949 . " Regardless of the direction he is pursuing , Xi 's strength and conviction should be enough to ensure that his own vision is realized .	Pew Research Center finds Xi is failing to make a positive impression globally After almost two years as president , Xi Jinping proves he is a bundle of contradictions China watcher : "  Xi 's record shows an orthodox reformist , nothing more " Rights activist : "  Xi is collecting power in order to be a dictator "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia has begun his visit to the UK as controversy continues over issues related to the Middle Eastern kingdom . King Abdullah is greeted by Britain 's Prince Charles at Heathrow Airport . Queen Elizabeth and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown met the king at London 's Horseguards Parade parade ground , ahead of a full state banquet at Buckingham Palace . Brown will hold talks with King Abdullah at Downing Street Wednesday before the king 's departure Thursday . The UK government regards the state visit , the first in two decades , as being of fundamental importance due to Saudi Arabia 's involvement in hot issues such as the war on terror , the situation in both Iran and Iraq and the attempt to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians . But the visit has attracted controversy in the UK from activists on a number of issues . Human rights groups have called on the UK government to react to allegations about the treatment of women and the gay community in the Saudi kingdom , while other protesters have attacked the failure of the Serious Fraud Office investigation into alleged bribes surrounding arms deals . The Press Association reported that around 100 demonstrators lined The Mall , the approach to Buckingham Palace , shouting at the procession as it passed by . Peter Tatchell , a human rights campaigner , told the agency that the UK government was showing "  incredible hypocrisy " for making no comment about alleged abuses in Saudi Arabia while condemning events in Myanmar and Zimbabwe . "  It just shows oil and arms sales seem to have bought the Government 's silence , " the agency reported him as saying . There have also been allegations by Policy Exchange , a think tank , that organizations linked to the Saudi authorities have promoted Islamic fundamentalist literature in UK mosques . Watch how royal visit has stirred anger . " Vince Cable , acting leader of opposition party the Liberal Democrats , has already announced he will not attend events associated with the visit , while several ministers from Brown 's ruling Labour party are expected to join a human rights protest outside the Saudi embassy Wednesday . King Abdullah stirred controversy ahead of his visit Monday , accusing British authorities of ignoring intelligence that could have prevented the 2005 London bombings In an interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation , the Saudi king said Britain failed to act on information provided by Saudi security services ahead of the suicide bombings on London 's transport network in July 2005 that killed 52 people and injured more than 770 . "  We sent information to Great Britain before the terrorist atrocities in Britain , but unfortunately no action was taken and it may have been able to avert the tragedy , " the monarch told the BBC . He refused to elaborate on the details of the intelligence , saying that disclosing specific information "  may cause sensitivities " between the two countries ' security services . A British Home Office spokesman strenuously denied that any intelligence from Saudi Arabia had been overlooked in the run-up to the atrocities and that information provided by the Saudis "  was materially different from what actually occurred on 7 July and clearly not relevant to those acts . " "  We have made it clear that if we had intelligence that could have prevented the attacks we would have acted upon it , " the spokesman told CNN . He also cited a parliamentary investigation last year that found no evidence that intelligence , passed on by the Saudis , could have prevented the bombings . British Foreign Secretary David Miliband pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi Arabian counterpart in London Monday , but the Foreign Office insisted it was for personal reasons and not a snub . Miliband has just adopted a baby son and is taking time off to look after him , the British Foreign Office confirmed to CNN . Miliband 's duties were being carried out by junior ministers in his absence . E-mail to a friend	NEW Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah begins state visit to UK , meets queen , PM Controversy over human rights , literature in UK mosques , BAE inquiry Several MPs plan to either boycott the visit or join demonstrations The king Monday accused UK authorities of not doing enough to fight terrorism
CNN  -- There 's "  no risk of Ebola " for a Dallas deputy who was hospitalized with possible symptoms of the virus , a Texas health official said Wednesday . The deputy , named by local media as Sgt. Michael Monnig , did n't have any direct contact with Thomas Eric Duncan , the man who died of Ebola in Dallas on Wednesday . "  We know he did n't have direct contact with the patient  Duncan  and he does n't have a fever , and in a situation like that there is no risk of Ebola , " said Chris Van Deusen , spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services . The patient -- who was transported from Frisco , Texas -- had reported being in the Dallas apartment where Duncan had been staying and having "  some contact " with Duncan 's family members , Frisco Fire Chief Mark Piland told reporters . Monnig was a first responder and had spent about 30 minutes in the apartment , his son told CNN affiliate KTVT . He woke up Wednesday , feeling sore and fatigued and with a stomachache . "  With the situation , what 's happened , he just decided it would be better to be safe than sorry , " Logan Monnig told KTVT . The family does not expect that Monnig has Ebola , but still , his son said , "  We 're kind of scared and just want to make sure he 's OK . " The patient was admitted to the emergency room at Texas Health Presbyterian Dallas "  after reporting possible exposure to the Ebola virus , " the hospital said . "  Right now , there are more questions than answers about this case , " the hospital said . "  Our professional staff of nurses and doctors is prepared to examine the patient , discuss any findings with appropriate agencies and officials . " Asked about the case by reporters , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Dr. Tom Frieden said the patient "  does not have either definite contact with Ebola or definite symptoms of Ebola . " A spokeswoman for CareNow , which made the call to emergency dispatchers , said the medical center "  was being very cautious " after the patient checked yes in response to a screening question . In addition to Monnig , two other deputies from the department are feeling sick , Scott Guiselman , president of the Dallas Sheriff Fraternal Order of Police , told CNN 's Erin Burnett . But state and local officials said they were n't aware of any other cases of Ebola-like symptoms . The new patient 's case was the latest development as fears and concerns over Ebola spread worldwide . With multiple developments on numerous fronts , here 's what you need to know to quickly get caught up on the latest : WEST AFRICAN CASES Grim tolls : To date , the world 's largest outbreak of Ebola has killed more than 3,400 people in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone -- the nations hardest hit . Since March , more than 7,400 people have contracted Ebola in those nations , according to the World Health Organization . A handful of cases have been reported in Nigeria and Senegal as well . The CDC says infections could reach 1.4 million in four months . The United Nations said that one of its medical officials in Liberia had contracted Ebola and was being treated there . The international worker , who 's not been named , is the second member of the U.N. mission in Liberia to be infected with the virus . The first died on September 25 . U.S. CASES Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died Wednesday , according to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital , where he was being treated .	Health official : With no fever and no contact , there is no risk Son on hospitalized deputy : We do n't think he has Ebola Fire chief : Health officials are treating it "  as a low-risk event " The first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States dies
CNN  -- A common view is that U.S. politics have gone into shutdown , that the whole system can no longer function and deliver the kind of government that Americans want and need . That 's certainly the opinion in my native Britain , where I 'm regularly told the United States -- particularly the Republican Party -- has been gripped by a kind of madness . I ca n't agree . The current crisis is certainly traumatic for those involved and bodes badly for the next round of debt ceiling negotiations . But it 's not historically unique or a symbol of conservative insanity . First of all America has gone through shutdowns before . Andrew Stiles notes in National Review that the U.S government has shut down 17 times since 1976 . The vast majority of those shutdowns happened when the Democrats controlled the House . They happened under Jimmy Carter over abortion policy  remember when that divided the Democrats ?  and under Ronald Reagan , mostly about budget priorities -- including efforts to nix Reagan 's pet projects  sound familiar ?  . During the 21-day face-off between Bill Clinton and Newt Gingrich , unemployment fell slightly and America emerged with a welfare reform deal . Not too bad . Those shutdowns remind us that U.S. politics have always been partisan and rancorous -- as the two-party system was established with the intention of being . Honest , heated debate is part of being a democratic nation . Before the 1960s , progressive legislation in the House was constantly stonewalled by coalition of Southern Democrats and conservative Republicans -- a bloc that it took a civil rights revolution to undo . In the 1940s , Harry Truman found his legislation blocked by a "  do-nothing " Congress of Republicans  although that Congress still got a lot done  . Of course , in the 19th century , partisan divisions reflected the battle lines of a bloody civil war . Abraham Lincoln 's superhuman effort to get a ban on slavery through Congress testifies to the timelessness of the battle between executive and legislature . And Congress in recent decades has rarely been popular . True , today a shockingly low 10 % of the population approves of its performance . But its rating never exceeded 40 % throughout the 1970s and 1980s and sunk to 20 % in 1979 and 1992 . Today , no one is denying that we find ourselves in an almighty mess with the potential for disaster as the clock ticks toward default . But there 's logic to the arguments of everyone involved . Barack Obama and the Senate Democrats refuse to give up on Obamacare , especially since the president 's re-election . John Boehner is indeed being held hostage by members of his Republican caucus , but those tea partiers have a right to argue that the polls show Obamacare is unpopular , that they have evidence it will threaten the economic recovery , that they can use their sway in the House to say how the money should be spent , and that they are pursuing a valid constitutional strategy to get what they want . The polls also show that the shutdown is bad politics , and that the public blames the GOP for it . But would we rather the House do exactly as the president tells it to and not follow its conscience on the vital subjects of health care and finance ? America is not Britain , where a party 's control of one aspect of government  the House of Commons  effectively guarantees control over the entire system . The American way has the potential for divided government built into it , precisely because its founders wanted to protect against the growth of the state and to keep it in check by making it hard to pursue utopian manifestoes through to their glorious end . Passing lots of laws and spending lots of money ought to be a difficult , complex business . But for anyone dreaming of a government so hamstrung that it ca n't do anything at all , I have some sad news to impart . The Internal Revenue Service has stopped sending out refunds but is still collecting money . Join us Facebook/CNNOpinion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Timothy Stanley : Many think U.S. politics gripped by madness on shutdown , but it 's not so He says Democratic Congresses responsible for majority of shutdowns in the past He says current debate is part of democracy , and the positions of all parties today are logical Stanley : U.S. founders built serious checks into system , and it 's supposed to be complex
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Thousands of Muslims gathered Friday on Capitol Hill for a day of prayer that organizers said was intended to inspire American Muslims and non-Muslims alike . People traveled from all over the United States to attend the Capitol Hill event , organizer Abdul Malik said . "  America is not perfect , " Abdul Malik , an organizer of the event called Islam on Capitol Hill , told the crowd . "  But I will say something it took me my whole adult life to come to : America is not perfect , but I want to tell the truth : It is one of the best places in the world to live . " Organizers had hoped that 50,000 people would show up for the Friday afternoon prayer session , which took place at the foot of the U.S. Capitol . There were also anti-Muslim protesters near the event . Earlier , Malik said , "  This is not a protest , it is a day of prayer , of devotion , hoping that we can work ... for the betterment of the world community . " He added , "  We can come together and work together for the common good . " He said that Muslims in the United States have a "  unique responsibility " and that the event seeks to inspire Muslims and all Americans . "  America represents , still , a beacon of hope , " he said . Malik said conversations about the event began only a few months ago . "  It 's amazing , " he said . "  The Web site has gotten more than 3 million hits already . " Friday 's event was focused on a 1 p.m. prayer , and a reception and banquet were planned afterward . Malik said attendees were traveling from all over the United States -- including Texas , Florida and Georgia -- as well as from other countries , such as Britain and Canada . "  The beautiful thing ... about this , is that we have a good representation of the uniqueness and beauty of what Islam stands for , " he said . Besides the protesters , the event drew other criticism . Malik said he had received some "  very nasty e-mails . " And one Christian leader warned of a strategy to "  Islamize " American society . "  It is important for Christians to understand that Friday 's Muslim prayer initiative is part of a well-defined strategy to Islamize American society and replace the Bible with the Koran , the cross with the Islamic crescent and the church bells with the Athan -LSB- the Muslim call to prayer -RSB- , " the Rev. Canon Julian Dobbs , leader of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America 's Church and Islam Project , said in a written statement . "  The time has come for the American public to call Islam to account , " he said .	NEW : Speaker calls U.S. "  one of the best places in the world to live " Prayer event sought to inspire Muslims and all Americans , one organizer says Event drew protesters , criticism from Christian leader , "  very nasty e-mails "
London  CNN  -- Britain cut all financial ties Monday with Iran over concerns about Iran 's nuclear program , the first time it has ever cut an entire country 's banking sector off from British finance , the British Treasury announced . The move comes days after an International Atomic Energy Agency report highlighted new concerns about "  the possible military dimensions of Iran 's nuclear program , " the Treasury statement said Monday . The IAEA 's governors approved a resolution last week expressing "  deep and increasing concern about the unresolved issues regarding the Iranian nuclear program . Iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful and has called the U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated . " "  The IAEA 's report last week provided further credible and detailed evidence about the possible military dimensions of the Iranian nuclear program , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  Today we have responded resolutely by introducing a set of new sanctions that prohibit all business with Iranian banks . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner will "  outline new steps the United States is taking to increase pressure on Iran " on Monday afternoon in Washington , the State Department said . The United States will name Iran , as well as its central bank , as a "  primary money-laundering concern " but will not place sanctions directly on the central bank , a senior Treasury Department official told CNN . The Obama administration plans to impose fresh sanctions against Iran 's petrochemical industry , diplomatic sources familiar with the plans said Friday . U.S. sanctions already prohibit American companies from doing business with Iran . The British sanctions underline "  the severity of the government 's concerns about Iran 's activities , " the statement issued by Britain 's chancellor of the exchequer said . All British credit and financial institutions must end their business relationships and transactions with all Iranian banks , their branches and subsidiaries by Monday afternoon , it said . "  Iran 's activities that facilitate the development or production of a nuclear weapon pose a significant risk to the national interests of the UK and countries across the region , " it said . "  Iranian banks play a crucial role in providing financial services to individuals and entities within Iran 's nuclear and ballistic missile programs , as companies carrying out proliferation activities require banking services . " The chancellor 's statement said other "  partner countries " will make similar announcements about banking sanctions against Iran . "  We believe that the Iranian regime 's actions pose a significant threat to the UK 's national security and the international community , " Chancellor George Osborne said . "  Today 's announcement is a further step to preventing the Iranian regime from acquiring nuclear weapons . " CNN 's Alex Felton , Jill Dougherty and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	British companies must end all banking ties to Iran by Monday afternoon Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to outline new steps U.S. is taking to pressure Iran The IAEA raises "  deep and increasing concern " regarding the Iran 's nuclear program Iran calls U.N. watchdog 's report "  unbalanced " and "  politically motivated "
Washington  CNN  -- Do n't look for President Barack Obama to get much political kudos for America 's humming job creation engine . The jobless rate is steady at 5.8 percent , the stock market 's roaring , the housing market is stirring and the rescued auto industry is motoring . Gas is down to $ 2.71 a gallon , according to an American Automobile Association average , leaving a little extra cash for families this Christmas . New Labor Department figures out Friday show unemployment at a six-year low , and the economy shattered expectations by pumping out more than 320,000 jobs last month in the biggest hiring splurge in three years . Related : 2014 is best year for jobs numbers since 1999 Obama had to suffer through months of grim jobs numbers in his first term , but had a spring in his step after Friday 's Labor Department report . No wonder he turned the White House event at which he announced his new nominee to head the Pentagon into an opportunity to crow about jobs . "  So far this year , over the first 11 months of 2014 , our economy has created 2.65 million jobs , " he said . "  That 's more than in any entire year since the 1990s . Â Our businesses have now created 10.9 million jobs over the past 57 months in a row.Â And that 's the longest streak of private sector job growth on record . " Or as Brad Woodhouse , President of progressive group Americans United for Change put it on Twitter : "  321K jobs . 50 straight months of job creation . Thank you @BarackObama . " But do n't waste too much time looking for credit for the President . He has a political problem , however well the economy does . Most Americans by now have decided whether they like him or not . So even if the economy roars , his approval ratings are unlikely to soar . Despite steering out of the worst slump since the 1930s , which was destroying 700,000 jobs a month , Obama still gets a thumbs down from Americans on the economy , to the frustration of many inside the West Wing . His approval numbers are stuck in the mid-to-low 40s and a CNN/Opinion Research Poll last month found 53 % of Americans disapprove of how he 's handling the economy . It 's simple . Many people just do n't feel their lives are getting better . Seventy-eight percent of voters in November 's mid-term elections were worried about the direction of the economy in the next year , according to exit polls . Only 32 percent said it was getting better . "  Has there been more employment since the economic crisis ? The answer is yes , " said Lance Roberts of STA Wealth Management . "  What we have got to talk about is the quality of the employment . " While the economy is pumping out hundreds of thousands of jobs a month , it 's barely keeping up with population growth . Many new jobs are coming in the service sector , in restaurants and bars for instance , where work is often part-time , low paid and lacks benefits that give people economic security . Paul Harrington , of the Center for Labor Markets and Policy at Drexel University , said growth in traditional blue collar jobs that once anchored the middle class , in industries like the building trade , is bouncing back too slowly . "  We would have expected at this stage of the recovery , construction payrolls rebounding a lot better than they have , " said Harrington . There 's also excess supply in the production sector which includes food manufacture and work with raw materials like coal and wood . That goes a long way to explaining why middle class voters in Midwestern , industrial and Southern states lashed out at Democrats in November . Those voters may also shape the 2016 presidential race as mid-term exit polls showed that the economy was easily the most important issue , despite a campaign overtaken by Obamacare , Ebola and ISIS . Jobs data also shows many Americans still struggling in the shadows . The Labor Force Participation rate , measuring those who have a job or are looking for one , was stuck near 36-year lows in November . Hourly wages are stagnant . "  Middle-class families across the country , including my home state of Ohio , are struggling to get by on wages that have n't kept pace with rising costs , " said Republican House Speaker John Boehner on Friday , blaming Obama for suffocating a quicker recovery by burdening the economy with "  massive " regulations and rising health care premiums . Democrats complain the GOP has blocked every job creation plan Obama has offered for years . Long term trends like the loss of manufacturing jobs overseas and new technology that wipes out manual jobs will also shape how people feel about the economy for years to come . But , there is some hope . Consumer sentiment , as measured by the University of Western Michigan index , was at its highest level since the recession in November . Democratic voters are meanwhile more upbeat on the economy than Republicans , according to the Gallup survey . That suggests people decide on how the economy is doing depending on who lives in the White House . But Obama can console himself with one thought : history is more likely to look more kindly on his economic recovery than those who lived through it .	Economy shatters expectations , pumps out 321,000 jobs in November But many Americans do n't feel their lives are improving History will remember Obama for exit from Great Recession
CNN  -- Meet Bailey . She 's a registered therapy dog , but you wo n't find her in hospitals or nursing homes . Instead , Bailey makes weekly visits to libraries and schools . She sits quietly or snuggles up to kids as they read her a book . And no , she 's not napping , and the kids do n't have treats in their pockets . She 's actually helping these children learn to read . It sounds implausible . After all , dogs ca n't read . How could they possibly help someone learn a skill that they themselves ca n't grasp ? But it 's a growing trend , and it seems to be working . The philosophy is simple . Children who are just learning to read often feel judged or intimidated by classmates and adults . But reading to a dog is n't so scary . It wo n't judge , it wo n't get impatient , it wo n't laugh or correct if the child makes a mistake . In a nutshell , dogs are simply excellent listeners . And for shy kids or slow readers , that can make all the difference . Kathy Klotz is executive director of Intermountain Therapy Animals , which runs a nationwide program called R.E.A.D. -- Reading Education Assistance Dogs . She says there 's another benefit of reading to the dogs that she did n't anticipate : confidence . "  A factor that we never planned for , that turned out to be really important , is that the child feels like they 're letting the dog understand the story , " she says . "  They get to be the teacher , the storyteller , the one who knows more than the dog for a change . ... They just blossom when they get to be the one who knows more than the dog . " Video : Meet Bailey and Wilmoth The children know they 're not actually teaching the dog , of course , but the for the kids , the idea that they know more than the dog and can share their knowledge is a powerful one . And now that volunteers are aware of that aspect , Klotz says they actively foster the idea of the child as the teacher . "  One of the things you do in the program is you always speak for the dog , " says Klotz . "  Like if -LSB- the child -RSB- does n't know a word , the dog does n't know the word either . And then they 're not alone , and they can look it up in the dictionary together . " Bailey and her owner , Jim Wilmoth , participate in weekly reading sessions at local libraries in West Virginia with kids who are generally between 6 and 12 years old . They 're part of the "  Sit . Stay . Read . " program , which is similar to R.E.A.D. Programs like these have popped up in nearly every state to help improve literacy rates in the United States . "  The kids come in and read stories to Bailey and other therapy dogs for about 15 or 20 minutes at a time , " says Wilmoth , who was interviewed by iReporter Jennifer Sias at the West Virginia Book Festival . "  It encourages them to practice their reading skills ... and it 's a good way to involve families with the library system . " iReport.com : Wilmoth explains how he and Bailey got started And then , of course , there are the proven physiological benefits of interacting with dogs . According to the researchers at the Center for the Human-Animal Bond at Purdue University , blood pressure drops and the heart rate slows when a person is petting a dog . The National Institutes of Health confirms what any dog owner knows : Dogs have been found to reduce stress . Each of these factors helps calm children and makes them feel less nervous or intimidated about reading . For older children and teens , the dog can be a supportive friend and provide an outlet from stress and peer pressure . Klotz says her organization has had particular success with kids in detention programs . "  A comment we always get in our detention program is that animals make kids respond so genuinely , " she explains . "  They get away from peer pressure and towards a genuine enjoyment -LSB- of reading -RSB- . ... They love it . " It 's hard to measure scientifically the success of the program and others like it . Because they 're volunteer-based , and because each state uses different methods to measure reading level , doing a nationwide study would be difficult . However , Klotz says it 's possible to see results in individual schools by comparing the reading improvement of kids who participate in the program with kids who do n't . She says it 's typical for the kids who read to dogs for just 20 minutes a week to improve their reading skills by a couple of grade levels in one school year . She 's even seen as much improvement as four grade levels in a year . And Klotz thinks that reading comprehension is just the beginning of how these dogs help kids . "  It 's not just reading scores , " she says . "  They start to speak up in class , and volunteer , and finish homework . They do n't want to miss school when they 're going to read to the dog , so it improves attendance . It kind of just flows over onto everything . " R.E.A.D. staff and volunteers know people are skeptical about the program 's results at first , but Klotz says anyone who 's spent time with a dog will understand . "  It sounds a little kooky when people first hear the idea , " she admits . "  But if they know dogs at all , and the way people relate to dogs , it quickly starts to make sense . But you do n't quite ever grasp how really lovely it is until you see it happen and you see the kids light up and you see how excited they are . You see all these changes in them that they just were n't able to make . "	Therapy dogs in libraries can help kids become more comfortable with reading It 's less intimidating for a child to read to a dog than a parent or classmate Spending time with a dog also helps physiologically reduce effects of stress Dogs in libraries and schools are a small but growing trend across the U.S.
RollingStone.com  -- At the outset of "  BAD 25 " -- the documentary film celebrating the 25th anniversary of Michael Jackson 's "  Bad " album -- director Spike Lee quickly dispenses with talk of the pop superstar 's personal struggles , diving right into the artistic perfectionism that drove him to achieve his career milestones . "  Hopefully , that 's what this documentary is about -- it 's gon na have people return to focusing on the music , his art , which I feel is his legacy , in addition to his children , " Lee , dressed in a white "  BAD 25 " T-shirt , told reporters at the Toronto International Film Festival . The movie had its North American premiere there over the weekend , after debuting in Venice 25 years to the day since "  Bad 's " release . To piece together the making of Jackson 's landmark LP , Lee unearthed archival footage from studio sessions and music video shoots and conducted interviews with Jackson 's many collaborators , including Quincy Jones , Martin Scorsese , Stevie Wonder and Sheryl Crow , and stars who were inspired by his music , from Kanye West and Mariah Carey to Questlove and Justin Bieber . Michael Jackson : The Essential Playlist The film , which will get a television premiere on ABC on November 22 , follows the making of "  Bad " track by track ; though it can feel clinical at times , it also revels in cool details , like the origin of Jackson 's gravity-defying lean in "  Smooth Criminal " and his famous expression , "  Shamon ! " Then , abruptly , Lee shifts to Jackson 's death in the summer of 2009 , collecting reactions from his interview subjects , many of whom choke back tears and break down . "  Those were all real , raw emotions that were displayed , " said Lee . One of the most impactful statements in the documentary comes from music journalist Danyel Smith . "  We should all be ashamed , " she says . "  The way that I interpret that , " said Lee , "  is that Michael should be with us . He should be here . " On Tuesday , Jackson 's estate and Epic/Legacy Recordings will release a "  BAD 25 " CD/DVD deluxe package , with three discs ' worth of remastered versions of the LP 's original tracks plus bonus material , including previously unreleased songs  "  Price of Fame , " "  Song Groove  A/K/A Abortion Papers  "  , the first release of Jackson 's 1998 Wembley Stadium concert on DVD , and remixes by EDM artists Nero and Afrojack . Spike Lee makes musical discovery for ` Red Hook Summer ' "  Listen to the song ` Price of Fame , ' which he wrote specifically about the situation , " said Lee , holding a copy of the release . "  How can you get privacy when you 're the most recognizable person on the planet ? " "  Did you see the disguises he had ? " Lee added with a laugh , referring to a moment in the film that shows photographs of Jackson wearing intricate facial disguises . "  He had to do that . He could n't go anywhere in the world without there being a riot . Man , I would n't wish that on anybody . He became a prisoner of his fame . I mean , I 'm not rewriting Michael 's titles , but -LSB- the song -RSB- could 've been -LSB- called -RSB- ` Prisoner of Fame , ' instead of ` Price of Fame . ' " To see the full story , visit RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Spike Lee 's documentary celebrates the 25th anniversary of Michael Jackson 's "  Bad " Lee hopes the doc will encourage people to focus on Jackson 's music and art The movie follows the making of "  Bad " track by track Lee 's doc will get a television premiere on ABC November 22
CNN  -- The future residents of a new Spanish neighborhood say they are the first in the world to name their street after the Super Mario video game character . Onlookers sporting fake black mustaches cheered . A Mario mascot danced . And a violin and cello duet performed the catchy theme song from the popular Nintendo game as the suburb in Zaragoza , northeast Spain , unveiled "  Avenida de Super Mario Bros " Saturday . But the cartoon plumber character , who turns 25 this year , is n't the only one who will be honored by residents of Arcosur , which is still under construction . Other planned roads in the neighborhood include streets named for "  Sonic the Hedgehog , " "  Space Invaders " and "  The Legend of Zelda . " Video games won out over more traditional options in an online poll that residents used to pick their street names , said Antonio Almudi Miranda , president of the Arcosur neighborhood association . "  We are people who grew up living with video games . We know them very well , " he said . "  I 'm 25 . I 'm the same age as Mario . " The government-sponsored Arcosur project aims to build more than 21,000 residences for people ages 20 to 35 who are buying their first homes , he said . Construction began last year . A dozen of the development 's streets will be named for video games , Almudi said . Names of musical composers and Spanish monuments will grace the neighborhood 's remaining 46 roads . Super Mario 's street is nearly a kilometer long and will have hundreds of homes on it , Almudi said -- and his will be one of them . The English and math teacher said he 's looking forward to living on a street named after someone his students will recognize . Residents are proud to have Super Mario represented in the neighborhood , he said , and grateful that their street signs will not feature names of war heroes or violent characters . At Saturday 's festivities , representatives from Nintendo handed out prizes in honor of Super Mario 's 25th anniversary , Almudi said . But there 's also a serious side to the publicity stunt , he said . Future residents hope increased media attention will pressure the government to finish building the neighborhood on time -- by June 2012 . "  We wanted to make noise and show that there are a lot of us who are in this neighborhood , " he said . "  We want our homes now , because we are many young people and we have been waiting . " Once it 's constructed , more than 60,000 people are expected to live in the neighborhood , Almudi said . "  The majority of us are lawyers , police officers , engineers , businessmen , teachers and hard workers of all kinds , " he said . "  Surely we have a lot of plumbers . "	NEW : The neighborhood association president says real-life plumbers will live there The video game street names are the winners of an online poll The project aims to build more than 21,000 homes for young , first-time home buyers Other streets will be named for "  Sonic the Hedgehog " and "  Space Invaders "
CNN  -- Former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria on Tuesday strongly criticized the United States ' approach to fighting drugs . Cesar Gaviria highlighted the problems Mexico is facing handling its drug problem . "  Just putting all consumers in jail , as the U.S. does , is not a solution , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  You have to reduce consumption . " In a wide ranging interview , Gaviria said the United States now has more people in jail for narco-trafficking or related crimes than there are prisoners in the whole of Europe . "  What you need to do with addicts and people who consume drugs is deal with them as a health problem , an education problem , " he said . Gaviria and two other former Latin American presidents -- Fernando Cardoso of Brazil and Ernesto Zedillo of Mexico -- are all arguing the war on drugs has failed and it is time to replace current policy with what they call a more humane and efficient approach . Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world , despite $ 6 billion in U.S. aid for anti-drug campaigns over the past decade . Watch the interview with Gaviria " Gaviria said it 's time the United States changed its approach . "  The U.S. has to look at its policy , to start to use more of that $ 4 billion a year that they use , to use more of the resources in the health system , in treatment and taking some people out of jail . " He highlighted the problems Mexico is facing handling its drug problem . Thousands of people have been killed there in drug-related violence in recent years . He said democracy in Mexico is paying a significant price , with major damage to its judicial system , its police , and its army . "  The Mexicans probably in a few years will be able to deal a little better with the problems of security , " he said . "  But the flow of drugs will keep growing . " He declared , "  We will never be successful unless the U.S. reduces consumption and Europeans do , also . "	Cesar Gavir argues that the war on drugs has failed Gavir : Time to replace current policy with "  more humane , efficient approach " Colombia remains the principal source of cocaine for the world This is despite $ 6 billion in anti-drug aid from U.S. in past decade
CNN  -- A 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck the central coastal area of Chile on Sunday , some 70 kilometers  45 miles  northwest of Temuco , the U.S. Geological Survey said . There were no immediate reports of major damage or injury . The quake , which stuck around 5:20 p.m.  3:20 p.m. ET  , was felt as far away as Santiago , roughly 595 km  370 miles  north of where the USGS said the quake occurred . The epicenter was more than 10 miles underground , the USGS said . Loreto Henriquez , manager of the Holiday Inn Express in Temuco , felt the quake for about a minute , describing it as loud and strong . She said people ran into the streets , but did not report any major damage . CNN Chile similarly reported no immediate injuries or damage . The temblor cut some telephone and electricity lines , according to Chile 's national emergency office , which did not provide any further detail . Roughly 91,000 people felt very strong shaking , according to USGS estimates . Soon after the quake , a 5.0-magnitude aftershock rattled the area around 6:10 p.m.  4:10 p.m. ET  , striking some 110 km  70 miles  northwest of Temuco . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said no widespread tsunami threat exists , but did not rule out the possibility of local tsunamis close to the quake 's epicenter . In February , an 8.8-magnitude quake hit Chile near the nation 's second largest city , Concepcion , killing hundreds . Sunday 's quake struck roughly 100 miles south of Concepcion . CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : The 7.1-magnitude quake cuts some telephone and electricity lines It is felt as far as Santiago , 370 miles away There are no immediate reports of major damage
CNN  -- The Obama transition team approached Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , about becoming U.S. surgeon general , according to sources inside the transition and at CNN . The Obama administration approached CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta about becoming U.S. surgeon general . Gupta was in Chicago , Illinois , in November to meet with President-elect Barack Obama on the matter , sources said . Gupta has declined comment . The transition team is impressed with the combination of Gupta 's past government experience , as a White House fellow in 1997 and a special adviser to then-first lady Hillary Clinton , along with his medical career as a neurosurgeon and his communication skills , the transition source said . Gupta is a member of the staff and faculty of the Department of Neurosurgery at Emory University School of Medicine in Atlanta , Georgia . He regularly performs surgery at Emory University Hospital and at Grady Memorial Hospital , where he serves as associate chief of neurosurgery . Watch CNN 's John King report on Sanjay Gupta as possible surgeon general " CNN released a statement saying , "  Since first learning that Dr. Gupta was under consideration for the surgeon general position , CNN has made sure that his on-air reporting has been on health and wellness matters and not on health-care policy or any matters involving the new administration . " Gupta joined CNN in 2001 . As chief medical correspondent for the health and medical unit , he is a lead reporter on breaking medical news , provides regular health and medical updates for "  American Morning , " anchors the half-hour weekend medical affairs program "  House Call with Dr. Sanjay Gupta " and reports for CNN documentaries . Based in Atlanta , Gupta also contributes health stories to CNN.com , co-hosts "  Accent Health " for Turner Private Networks , provides medical segments for the syndicated version of "  ER " on TNT and writes a column for Time magazine . He also anchors the global health program "  Vital Signs " for CNN International and is featured in a weekly podcast on health issues called "  Paging Dr. Gupta . " Just after joining CNN , Gupta became part of the team covering the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on New York and Washington . Later that year , he led breaking news reporting on a series of anthrax attacks . Learn about notable past surgeon generals " In 2003 , Gupta reported from Iraq and Kuwait as an embedded correspondent with the U.S. Navy 's medical unit -- and worked alongside them , performing brain surgery five times . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's cabinet picks In addition , Gupta reported from Sri Lanka in the aftermath of the tsunami that swept the region in December 2004 . He also helped cover the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina from New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2005 . He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan and his medical degree from the University of Michigan Medical Center .	Based in Atlanta , Georgia , Sanjay Gupta is CNN 's chief medical correspondent Obama team likes Gupta 's combination of government , medical experience Gupta member of faculty of Neurosurgery Department at Emory University In 1997 , Gupta was White House fellow and adviser to then-first lady Hillary Clinton
CNN  -- Farmers in Tanzania are helping to conserve threatened forests by cultivating an unlikely crop : butterflies . The Amani Butterly Project is one of the schemes using butterfly farming to help locals supplement their incomes and protect the environment at the same time . The brainchild of American biologist Theron Morgan-Brown , it 's based in Tanzania 's East Usambara Mountains -- a region known for its biodiversity , but where forests are being cleared to produce charcoal and to open up farmland . "  The main objective was to find an alternative income for the local community in the surrounding village and forest , and also relieve the pressure on the forest of people cutting timber , " says project manager Amiri Saidi . The butterfly rearing process starts with farmers catching a few female butterflies and transferring them to an enclosure where they can lay eggs on host plants . The farmers then collect the eggs and when they hatch , the caterpillars that emerge are placed on new plants , which must be regularly replaced to satisfy their voracious appetites . The caterpillars continue to feed until they pupate , and are ready to be transported . Green in vogue at Nigeria Fashion Week The Amani project has been selling pupae to live butterfly exhibits in the United States and Europe for between $ 1 and $ 2.50 each . Of that sum , 65 % goes directly to the farmers , while another 7 % goes to a community development fund that contributes to projects such as building schools and hospitals . Because most tropical butterflies do n't live for long , exhibits usually order new pupae every two to three weeks . Farmers keep some pupae from each generation , so they rarely need to catch more female butterflies from the wild , although they sometimes catch new male butterflies to maintain genetic diversity in their farms . The project now uses 250 butterfly farmers , more than half of them women , says Saidi . He says the project 's own studies show that because butterfly farmers rely on forests near their communities to provide host plants for their butterfly farms , many farmers now support forest conservation . "  Because butterfly farmers get tangible benefits , they get money , people involved in butterfly farming conserve the area , " says Saidi . "  They have their own forest area and use the money they are getting for replanting and other activities . " As well as training its own farmers the Amani project has helped train farmers for a butterfly project on the Tanzanian archipelago of Zanzibar . The Zanzibar Butterfly Centre consists of a netted tropical garden that 's home to hundreds of butterflies , all bred by local farmers . It was created as a tourist attraction , funded by admission fees , and like the Amani project the aim is to help protect the environment . Congo 's erupting volcano boosts tourism "  A lot of forest is being destroyed in Zanzibar , " says project manager Rosa Santilli . "  Local people cut down trees to make charcoal to sell . People need it for fuel because gas and electricity is very expensive , so people cook with charcoal . "  The center was set up to stop local people cutting the forest down , and to provide an alternative for them to earn money from . " Santili says the center has trained 17 local farmers to rear the pupae that provide all the center 's butterflies . It 's not a solution to deforestation , but it is helping , says Santili . "  The butterfly farmers do n't make charcoal anymore , so it has stopped that small sector of the community cutting down trees , " she says . Like the Amani project , the Zanzibar center funds a village development association , which is improving the local water supply . It is also trying to get local people to produce crafts and honey to be sold as souvenirs at the center . But there is a cloud on the horizon . Both the Amani and Zanzibar schemes rely on couriers to transport their pupae to overseas buyers , and they say they have been hit by courier DHL 's decision to stop transporting their pupae . Saidi says Amani has been hit especially badly . It now has to transport pupae by air cargo , which dramatically increases their cost to buyers . He says that until the end of 2010 the Amani project was selling a total of 50,000 pupae a year to 13 buyers , but now the project has lost all but one buyer . But DHL says it will be now discussing transport options with both projects , and hopes to find a solution that will let it resume pupae deliveries . The Zanzibar center sees exporting pupae as key to getting more locals trained as butterfly farmers . Santilli says : "  We are hoping to expand to get more farmers involved . We need butterflies for our garden and also to export . If the farmers can export to Europe then the sky 's the limit . "	Tanzanian projects training people to farm butterflies Projects give locals an alternative income and protect forests Amani Butterfly Project use 250 local farmers and sells pupae to live butterfly exhibits Butterfly farmers in Zanzibar no longer have to cut down trees to sell charcoal
Former Washington Mayor Marion Barry is dead , a Washington hospital spokeswoman said early Sunday . He was 78 . Barry was elected four times as the city 's chief executive and was a council member in the District of Columbia for 15 years . The one-time leader of the city 's old Board of Education , Barry was , at one time , revered nationally as a symbol of African-American political leadership and beloved for his prowess at local politics . But his professional accomplishments were often overshadowed by bad behavior in his personal life that made for startling headlines . Barry was infamously busted in 1990 on law enforcement surveillance tape smoking crack cocaine in a drug sting involving the FBI and Washington police . That footage was televised . Barry was convicted of possession and served six months in prison . But he made a tremendous political comeback . Barry reclaimed his seat in the mayor 's office in 1995 . In 2002 , police said they found "  apparent " traces of marijuana and cocaine in Barry 's car but did n't arrest him . He was re-elected to the City Council in 2004 . In 2006 , he was suspected in separate incidents of driving under the influence and driving with a suspended license . He was found not guilty of the DUI charge , and the state said a computer glitch erroneously reported that Barry 's license had been suspended . In 2009 , he was arrested on a charge of stalking , which prosecutors later dropped . "  Who can better help our city recover than someone who himself has gone through recovery ? " he once asked confidently . Former Harvard professor and civil rights leader Cornell West said on CNN on Sunday that Barry "  had his flaws " but was a "  great freedom fighter " for the poor and disenfranchised . The Washington Post noted that he "  plowed hundreds of millions of tax dollars into job training and employment programs , senior centers and social-welfare endeavors . Rank-and-file workers were hired by the thousands to serve under Mr. Barry 's newly-appointed supervisory corps of African American middle and top level managers . " He ardently promoted African-American-owned enterprises . His recently released autobiography , "  Mayor for Life : The Incredible Story of Marion Barry , Jr. , " recalls a quote that underscored Barry 's ability to spotlight inequalities in America . "  Why should blacks feel elated about seeing men walk on the moon when millions of poor blacks and whites do n't have enough money to buy food to eat on earth ? " he said during President Richard Nixon 's administration . "  In Washington , I have worked hard for the people and I 've been loved by the people , " Barry said in a July interview on CNN . "  I did n't get elected because of my name . I got elected because I work hard for the people . " President Barack Obama said in a statement that he and first lady Michelle Obama were "  saddened " to hear of Barry 's death . The President recalled that Barry was born a sharecropper 's son and came of age during the Civil Rights movement . "  As a leader with the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee , Marion helped advance the cause of civil rights for all . During his decades in elected office in D.C. , he put in place historic programs to lift working people out of poverty , expand opportunity , and begin to make real the promise of home rule , " the statement said . "  Through a storied , at times tumultuous life and career , he earned the love and respect of countless Washingtonians , and Michelle and I extend our deepest sympathies to Marion 's family , friends and constituents today . " People we 've lost in 2014	Marion Barry was elected four times as Washington 's mayor Barry was sentenced to six months in prison after a 1990s drug conviction Cornell West : Barry "  had his flaws " but was a "  great freedom fighter " for the poor
CNN  -- A body was recovered in the vicinity of a boat accident in the Delaware River , a Coast Guard spokeswoman said Friday . Two passengers -- a 16-year-old girl and a 20-year-old man -- went missing in that area after a tour boat collided with a barge on the Delaware River in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on Wednesday . The Coast Guard would not say definitively Friday that the body recovered was one of the two victims , waiting for the body to be positively identified by the Philadelphia Medical Examiner . Rescuers saved 35 people who were on the "  Duck " boat at the time of the crash . The tour boat had a clean record , said the president of Ride the Ducks , who traveled to Philadelphia from the company 's headquarters in Norcross , Georgia . "  I can tell you this boat has been inspected frequently . Twice daily . We 've never had a problem with this boat , " said Chris Herschend . The company voluntarily shut down its nationwide operations , including Stone Mountain Park , Georgia ; Branson , Missouri ; and San Francisco , California . "  What we hope to learn -LSB- is how -RSB- to prevent this from ever happening again , " Herschend said . Officials said people reacted quickly after the collision . "  The immediate response was amazing , " said U.S. Coast Guard Capt. Todd Gaitlin . "  The private citizens helped -LSB- rescuers -RSB- get people out of the water . " Police and Coast Guard vessels searched the river Thursday . Lt. Frank Vanore of the Philadelphia Police Department told reporters Wednesday that the boat had "  mechanical trouble " and the engine shut down after a fire on board . While the boat was in the river and waiting for help , it was hit by a barge , he said . The boat overturned and passengers were spilled into the river . National Transportation Safety Board officials will interview crew members on Friday , NTSB spokesman Robert Sumwalt said in Philadelphia Thursday afternoon . The investigation will include reviews from cameras along the river , training and navigation methods and safety equipment . "  We want to find out what happened and issue safety regulations so that this does not happen again , " said Sumwalt , who is vice chairman of the NTSB . Alcohol tests on crew members came back negative , Sumwalt said . Drug tests will take longer to analyze . The 10 investigators will also look at allegations that similar boats have previously overheated or had mechanical problems . Herschend said the company is investigating and assisting fire and police officials . "  I believe this was an accident . " He said he could not speculate on whether there was a fire onboard or how the boat 's captain communicated during the incident . But he said he believes the unidentified captain followed all procedures . He was unsure how long the boat was dead in the water before the collision . Asked by reporters Thursday whether the barge was at fault , Herschend said , "  I do n't want to speculate . For me it is not to assign blame . " He said the 10-year-old craft had portable flotation devices . Herschend said the company is checking on whether the captain told people to jump off the boat moments before impact . "  It is my expectation for the captain that he followed our emergency procedures to the letter , " he said . "  Our first priority is the people on board , " Herschend said . "  Then we are going to work on making sure this never happens again . " The missing people are believed to be from outside the United States , he said . Searchers located the boat in about 50 feet of murky water , but it was too dangerous to send divers down , said William Blackburn , deputy commissioner of the Philadelphia police . The boat is upright on the bottom of the river , Blackburn said . The "  Duck " boats are amphibious military vehicles designed in the 1940s . The NTSB will also conduct a 72-hour history to determine the mental and emotional state of the crew of boat vessels , Sumwalt said . Eleven passengers were hospitalized . Nine were released by Thursday morning . One passenger suffered a broken jaw , Gaitlin said . The company , Ride the Ducks , is owned by Herschend Family Entertainment . The company 's website posted this message Thursday : "  Our thoughts and prayers are with our Philadelphia tour guests , crew members and their families . We are attending to their needs first . In the interim , we have voluntarily suspended our Ride The Ducks operations nationwide . If you already have a reservation , you can receive a full refund or reschedule for a future date . We will resume operations shortly . " CNN 's Sarah Hoye and Cassie Spodak contributed to this report .	NEW : A body was recovered Friday NTSB will interview boat 's crew on Friday Tour boat company shuts down operations at other U.S. locations Vessel had clean record , company said
Washington  CNN  -- They smelled blood . And they pounced . Sebelius : ' I apologize , I 'm accountable ' Obamacare is one issue that unites Republicans and any opportunity to disparage the law was not wasted Wednesday as the woman in charge of implementing it , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius , appeared before the House Energy and Commerce Committee to explain what is going on with the program 's problem-plagued website . As Republicans lobbed question after question and challenged her credibility and competence , Sebelius held it together , mostly . I 'm sorry It started with an apology . Sebelius apologized for HealthCare.gov being a "  miserably frustrating experience " and said she is "  as frustrated and angry as anyone . " "  I 'm accountable to you for fixing these problems , " she said in the first minutes of the 3Â 1/2 - hour grilling . But it went downhill from there and Sebelius at times grew visibly frustrated . ' I was wrong ' Sebelius did n't sugarcoat the website 's problems . She shielded President Barack Obama from responsibility for the faulty enrollment website . "  I told the President that we were ready to go . Clearly I was wrong . We were wrong , " she said . "  No one ever imagined the volume of issues and problems that we 've had and we must fix it . " Crash Then she did sugarcoat the problem . "  I would suggest the website has never crashed . It is functional , but at a very slow speed and very low reliability and has continued to function , " she said as a video monitor in the hearing room showed that the website was down . The Republican National Committee launched an online Web campaign that included an ad with an overweight man lying on the floor saying , "  I 'm not down . I 'm just functioning at a very slow speed . " ` Whatever ' "  Whatever , " was one of her responses during a grilling from Rep. Gregg Harper , R-Mississippi , on whether Obama was responsible for the debacle . After responding , "  Whatever , " the secretary put both her hands in the air , briefly , then resumed . "  He is the President . He is responsible for government programs , " she concluded . Exasperated Sebelius to questioner : ` Whatever ' A Republican senator who was not at the hearing , John Cornyn of Texas , put out a statement criticizing the secretary . " ` Whatever ' is hardly a fitting response from a Cabinet-level official being asked legitimate questions about how hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars have been wasted on a botched product that not only does n't work but is also putting consumers ' personal information at risk , " Cornyn said . It then became a GOP talking point . ` Do n't do this to me ' During one grilling session in which Sebelius was aggressively asked why she is n't buying her health insurance through the exchanges , a visibly annoyed Sebelius had a "  hot mic " moment that has become online fodder . At the end of an intense questioning session by Rep. Billy Long , R-Missouri , viewers could  barely  hear an audible moment of exasperation when she muttered , "  Do n't do this to me . " More : 5 things we learned from Sebelius hearing CNN 's Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report	As Republicans lob questions at her , Kathleen Sebelius tries to keep cool In 3Â 1/2 hours , she apologizes and shows exasperation She gives GOP a talking point with "  whatever " response to one question
CNN  -- Five suspected pirates went on trial Tuesday in the Netherlands in what is thought to be the first trial in Europe of pirate suspects . The trial of the five Somali men opened in Rotterdam District Court and is expected to last five days , said Wim de Bruin , a spokesman for Netherlands National Prosecutor 's Office . The five were captured by the Dutch Navy in January 2009 in the Gulf of Aden , off Somalia , after a cargo ship with Dutch Antilles flag was attacked , de Bruin said . "  The ship of the pirates was destroyed by the Danish Navy , and the pirates were captured and handed to the Dutch authority . They 're being tried for sea robbery , and if convicted the maximum sentence will be 9 to 12 years , " he said . The men are Ahmed Yusuf Farah , 25 , Jama Mohamed Samatar , 45 , Abdirisaq Abdulahi Hirsi , 33 , Sayid Ali Garaar , 39 , and Osman Musse Farah , 32 , he said . A different suspected Somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the United States , where he pleaded guilty earlier this month to hijacking and kidnapping . Prosecutors say Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse led an attack on a U.S.-flagged vessel , the Maersk Alabama , off the coast of Africa last year . He pleaded guilty May 19 in a New York federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage taking , for his role in the hijacking of the Maersk Alabama in the Indian Ocean on April 8 , 2009 . Muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced October 19 . The suspects being tried in the Netherlands spent four weeks aboard the Danish navy ship after their capture before being taken to the Netherlands , the spokesman said . They were held in pre-trial custody while the court interviewed witnesses from the Danish Navy and seamen on the Dutch Antilles cargo ship that was under attack , he said . Five Dutch defense lawyers are representing the suspects , he said . He did not know what plea , if any , the suspects had entered . Germany will soon try 10 suspected pirates who were captured in the Gulf of Aden earlier this year . They were arrested after their attempt to board a German cargo vessel , but the Danish Navy ended the hijacking and handed them over to the Dutch authorities , de Bruin said . They have since been held in the Netherlands , and Germany requested their extradition about two months ago . CNN 's Eileen Hsieh contributed to this report .	Trial of the five Somali men thought to be first of its kind in Europe The five captured by Dutch Navy after attacking a cargo ship in Gulf of Aden Official : If convicted the maximum sentence will be 9 to 12 years
CNN  -- Mumbai is extreme India . In this booming metropolis all the wealth , inequalities , colors , flavors and passions of India are magnified to an almost unbearable degree . For many Indians , Mumbai is the place where dreams can come true . Somewhere between 13 and 20 million people are squeezed into the city that is India 's leading financial and industrial center and the home of the Bollywood movie . For countless migrants from all over the country , be they business school graduates , aspiring actors or destitute laborers , Mumbai is the place where dreams can come true . Those who like to think of India as a land of tradition and mystery would be shocked by the way modern Mumbai has embraced western consumerism . In Mumbai the rigidities of India 's traditional caste system are being replaced by a kind of brutal meritocracy in which the winners become extraordinarily rich and the losers struggle for survival . While Mumbai is fearlessly embracing modernity , minting millionaires and erecting skyscrapers , its infrastructure is hopelessly outdated and creaking under the weight of the city 's ever-expanding population . Mumbai 's road traffic is legendary -- a chaotic melange of cars , mopeds , motorized rickshaws and red double-decker buses , seemingly fused together in a writhing , gridlocked mass . All big cities have deprived areas , but in Mumbai the deprivation is impossible to avoid . Up to half of Mumbai 's residents live in slums , about a million in the shacks of Dharavi , the biggest slum in Asia . In these cities within a city children play next to the sewers that run through the streets , whole families often live in a single room and clean water is scarce . Yet while the slums can be grindingly poor , they are also buzzing with activity . Many residents of Dharavi work in cottage industries and in the thriving recycling trade , and their biggest threats are the annual monsoon floods and the developers eager to clear the slum in order to exploit the prime real estate it occupies . For outsiders , the contrast between rich and poor can be jarring , but Mumbaikars have learned to live with adversity . While the Mumbai terror attacks of November 2008 horrified the world , the killings were tragically familiar to those living in a city where hundreds have been killed by terrorists over the last 15 years and religious and social tensions simmer beneath the surface . Yet , despite its very visible problems , Mumbai simply will not be denied . Constantly growing in population and wealth , Mumbai is a world-class city when it comes to culture , commerce and consumption . Mumbaikars are incredibly enterprising and their ability to bounce back from tragedy is testimony to their resourcefulness and resilience . Danny Boyle , director of award-winning movie "  Slumdog Millionaire , " set and filmed in Mumbai , said of the city , "  Despite all that has happened there recently it is a city moving towards happiness . "  You have these incredible extremes but it feels like there 's a destiny that binds it all together . "	Mumbai is fearlessly embracing modernity and western consumerism Despite the city 's growing wealth , up to half of its residents live in slums Mumbai has been the target of numerous terrorist attacks in recent years Mumbaikers are resilient and the city is "  moving towards happiness "
AMSTETTEN , Austria  CNN  -- Austrian police believe a 73-year-old man held his daughter captive in his cellar for the past two decades and fathered at least six children with her , according to police and state-run news reports Sunday . The woman , identified as 42-year-old Elisabeth F. , has been missing since 1984 , when she was 18 years old , police said at a news conference . The situation came to light earlier this month after her daughter -- a 19-year-old woman , identified as Kristen F. -- was hospitalized in Amstetten after falling unconscious , according to police . She was admitted to a hospital in Amstetten , outside Vienna , by her grandfather with a note from her biological mother requesting help . Amstetten is a rural town about 150 km  93 miles  west of Vienna . But police said a DNA test later revealed her grandfather , Josef F. , was also her father , according to ORF , Austria 's state-run news agency . That sparked a police investigation , which revealed that Josef F. may have fathered at least six children with his daughter , forcing her and three of the surviving children to live in the cellar of his house , according to ORF 's Peter Schmitzberger . The children are now between 5 and 19 years old . Police are awaiting DNA tests to verify their relationship to Josef F. , who faces arrest for "  severe crimes against family members , " according to police . So far , he has not given a statement to police . Police spokesman Franz Polzer told ORF that the 73-year-old has led police to several hidden rooms in his cellar accessible only by an electronic passcode that he provided to police . Watch a report on the discovery " On Sunday , police searched the hidden rooms where Josef F. admitted he kept his daughter and their children , Polzer told ORF . The rooms included sleeping quarters , a kitchen and a bathroom , which Josef F. told police he built , Polzer said . Neighbors told ORF they were shocked to hear the news , and had no indication such horrors were taking place in their town . "  One ca n't imagine how it could happen , how nobody could realize anything of what was going on in the cellar of this house , " Schmitzberger told CNN . "  It 's quite unimaginable . " Acting on "  a confidential tip , " Amstetten police apprehended Josef F. and Elisabeth F. on Saturday near the hospital for questioning , according to a police statement . Once police assured the daughter that she would never have contact with her father again , "  she was able to tell the whole story , " Schmitzberger said . Josef F. lived upstairs with his wife , Rosemarie F. , who police said had no idea about her husband 's other family living in the cellar . Josef F. and Rosemarie F. had adopted three of the children that he had with his daughter , according to police . He told his wife that his missing daughter had dropped the unwanted children off at the house because she could not take care of them , police said . The other three children -- Kerstin , 19 ; Stefan , 18 ; and Felix , 5 -- remained locked in the basement with their mother , according to police . None had seen the light of day during their entire time in captivity , police said . After she was detained Saturday , Elisabeth F. gave police a "  psychologically and physically disturbed impression , " police said in a statement . She told them her story after she was assured her children would be protected from further harm . She said her father began sexually abusing her at age 11 . On August 8 , 1984 -- weeks before she was reported missing -- her father enticed her into the basement , where he drugged her , put her in handcuffs and locked her in a room , she told police . For the next 24 years , she was constantly raped by her father , resulting in the six surviving children , she said , according to the police statement . She told police she gave birth to twins in 1996 , but one of the babies died a few days later as a result of neglect , and Josef F. removed the infant 's body and burned it . She told police that only her father supplied her and her children with food and clothing , and that she did not think his wife knew anything about their situation . When Kerstin fell ill earlier this month , Josef F. apparently told his wife and the hospital that his "  missing " daughter had dropped off the sick girl on his doorstep . In an effort to find out what might be ailing 19-year-old Kerstin , the hospital asked the media to put out a bulletin requesting any information about the girl or her missing mother , attorney general Gerhard Sedlacek told NTV . Sometime later , Josef F. brought Elisabeth F. out of the cellar , telling his wife that she had returned home with her two children after a 24-year absence , police said . He took Elisabeth F. to the hospital to talk with doctors about Kerstin 's condition , and at that point , authorities became aware of her situation , Sedlacek said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Woman tells Austrian police she was held prisoner in cellar for nearly 24 years Police believe the 73-year-old man may have fathered at least 6 of her children The 42-year-old woman had been missing since 1984 , when she was 18 One of her children , a 19-year-old woman , is hospitalized in serious condition
Tribune Media Services  -- Virginia Pozo buys a first-class ticket to Peru on TACA . But it turns out the ticket is in economy class . When she tries to get a refund on the fare difference , her online agency offers her a $ 400 voucher . Is that enough ? And is she entitled to more ? A passenger bought first-class tickets to Peru , but learned they were economy-class seats . Q : We bought two first-class airline tickets to Peru on TACA through Cheaptickets.com . But we soon found out they were economy-class seats . We 've asked the airline for a $ 1,100 refund -- the price difference between first-class and economy-class tickets -- but it wo n't budge . Cheaptickets.com sent a $ 400 voucher that we do n't want . We 've disputed the ticket charges with American Express , but it has denied our claim . It 's obvious to us we did n't receive what we paid for . We 've never sued anyone and I would rather not have to go there . Do you have any other suggestions ? -- Virginia Pozo , San Francisco , California A : If you did n't get a first-class seat , you should n't have to pay for one . TACA owes you a refund of the fare difference between the two classes . And your online travel agency , Cheaptickets.com , should help you . At the very least , you would expect American Express to take your side in a dispute . So what happened ? From what I can tell , you booked what you thought was a first-class ticket through your online agent . But the airline only delivered a seat in economy class . In fact , it never treated this as a first-class reservation in the first place . Was there a miscommunication between the agent and the airline ? Or between your agent and you ? Maybe . As far as I can tell , Cheaptickets does n't have a service guarantee comparable to the other big online travel agencies , which promises everything about your trip will be perfect . But it 's reasonable to expect that the products it sells will be on the up-and-up , and that if there 's something wrong , it will fix it . Cheaptickets ' $ 400 voucher was a nice gesture , but not enough . Why ? Two reasons : First , it requires you to buy another ticket or hotel room , and second , it does n't come close to making up the price difference between the two tickets . As I read your letter , it seems as if you spent some time on the phone with Cheaptickets and TACA . Writing to the two companies might have yielded a more favorable result . This is one of the rare times when you should have considered sending either a paper letter that included your confirmation and your boarding pass , or , if you 're good with a PC and a scanner , an email with documents attached . Receipts are important to resolving this dispute . You need to prove you did n't get what you paid for . Since you were doing business with an American company -- Cheaptickets -- American Express should have sided with you . Invoking the Fair Credit Billing Act , the federal law that protects you from charges for goods and services you did n't accept or were n't delivered as agreed , might have encouraged American Express to see things your way . I think TACA , Cheaptickets and American Express failed to meet their customer-service obligations . But who 's responsible for your refund ? The correct answer is : The online travel agent who took your money and acted as an intermediary for the transaction . I contacted Cheaptickets on your behalf . A representative contacted you and said the company reviewed its phone transcripts and determined that it was at fault . The online agency refunded you $ 1,100 and let you keep the $ 400 voucher for the trouble . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org . Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	A customer purchased a ticket through Cheaptickets.com She paid for a first-class ticket , but the seats were in economy She asked for a refund and disputed the charges with no luck Troubleshooter contacted Cheaptickets and the company refunded the difference
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti -- Haitian election officials have rejected hip-hop singer Wyclef Jean 's bid to run for president of the Caribbean nation . Jean 's name was not on the list of 19 approved candidates released by Haiti 's Provisional Electoral Council on Friday night . "  I respectfully accept the committee 's final decision , and I urge my supporters to do the same , " Jean said in a statement . In an interview with CNN shortly after the approved candidates ' list was announced , Jean said he was surprised by the news . "  This has come to our party and to our group as a total shock , " he said . Jean was among 15 prospective candidates rejected . Elections officials did not provide a reason to reporters , but Jean 's statement said they had ruled he was not a resident of the country . "  I want to assure my countrymen that I will continue to work for Haiti 's renewal ; though the board has determined that I am not a resident of Haiti , home is where the heart is -- and my heart has and will always be in Haiti , " Jean 's statement said . "  This ruling just tells me that I ca n't officially seek the office of president . " On August 5 , Jean announced on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " that he had submitted paperwork to run for president . Since then , his possible candidacy has met with some criticism . Haitian-American rapper Pras , who once performed alongside Jean and Lauryn Hill in the '90s group The Fugees , said he supported Jean 's opponent . Actor Sean Penn , who has lived in Port-au-Prince for months since the earthquake helping displaced Haitians , also questioned whether the Haitian-born musician could make moves to lead the devastated nation . Jean 's eligibility had been under question recently after claims that he had not lived in Haiti for five consecutive years before the election , a requirement in the nation 's constitution . Jean 's lawyer had said his client met that criteria . Earlier this week , Jean challenged media reports that he would not be eligible to run , but also entertained the possibility that he would be declared ineligible , telling CNN on Thursday that he would continue organizing Haiti 's youth to push for education reform . "  Haiti 's constitution says that all kids should have the privilege of a free education , and that 's something we 'll push for whether we make it or not , " he said . Jean , who was born in Haiti , shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of The Fugees , a U.S.-based hip-hop and reggae group . He now performs as a solo artist . He has been an outspoken proponent of Haiti through his Yele Foundation , and was one of the first celebrities to offer aid after the devastating earthquake there in January . Journalist Yvetot Gouin contributed to this report .	Wyclef Jean says he accepts the committee 's final decision The hip-hop singer says his party was shocked by the news He is among 15 prospective candidates rejected by elections officials The officials have approved 19 candidates for the presidential race
CNN  -- More than a million people took to the streets in Spain to rally for greater regional autonomy , police said . The march in Barcelona on Saturday came after Spain 's constitutional court ruled that the northeastern region of Catalonia could not refer to itself as a nation . Protesters waved Catalonian flags and banners saying , "  We are a nation . We decide . " CNN sister network CNN + showed images of regional leaders marching with a tennis-court sized flag . Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia , one of 17 regions in Spain . Conservatives have said Spain needs to be unified , a condition that fascist strongman Francisco Franco tried unsuccessfully to impose on the country from the end of the Spanish Civil War in 1939 until his death in 1975 .	Police say more than 1 million people attended Saturday 's rally The march comes after constitutional court ruled Catalonia could not call itself a nation Catalonia is one of 17 regions in Spain
London  CNN  -- Human rights campaigners have welcomed a landmark decision in Saudi Arabia designed to combat domestic violence . However , they urge caution . The country 's legal system is based on sharia law and rarely sees new laws being introduced . Critics allege that Saudi Arabia is known for suppressing women 's rights , and it remains to be seen how this law will be put into practice , according to experts . For the first time in Saudi Arabia 's history the kingdom 's cabinet has approved a ban on domestic violence and other forms of abuse both at home and in the workplace . The law , which was passed last Monday , is meant to protect every citizen , but in particular the most vulnerable including children , women and domestic workers . The law is expected to be implemented within 90 days . Adam Coogle , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , said : "  We welcome the law because it makes crimes such as physical and emotional abuse easier to prosecute and it is a step in the right direction -- but the law has some major drawbacks . I 'd urge caution until we see how exactly this law will be implemented and whether domestic abuse cases will now actually be punished in courts . " The law states that physical or sexual violence is punishable with a minimum jail sentence of one month and a maximum of one year , and fines of up to $ 13,300 . Judges can double the sentence for repeat offenders . Abuse victims will be given access to necessary health care , psychological treatment and family counseling . According to Coogle , male guardianship in Saudi Arabia is a major obstacle to the new law . "  How can a woman escape an abusive husband if she 's not allowed to drive and ca n't even travel without the permission of her male guardian ? " Coogle said . He is also concerned that the law does not mention the issue of marital rape . Eman Al Nafjan , a Saudi writer and blogger who tweets as Saudiwoman , told CNN : "  Having this in a country where we still have male guardianship system , where we still have child marriage -- it 's a contradiction -- these things are still legal and yet you 're talking about protection from harassment . It does n't seem like a system where a lot of action will be taken . This seems to be more about talking than actually implementing . " Saudi woman files suit over right to drive Domestic violence is a problem in Saudi Arabia but no reliable figures exist on how many people get abused each year . According to researchers there have been very few instances in the past where rapes and physical violence cases went to court as women do not dare to come forward . Until last week , no written penal code existed on domestic violence and physical abuse . That means that it was up to individual judges to determine what actions are illegal and how to punish them , if at all . The new law makes it easier to punish such crimes as they now can rely on written regulations . "  Judges own the courtroom , " Coogle said . " "  A man 's testimony still carries more weight than that of a woman so we 'll have to see whether this law will change the status quo . " Billionaire Saudi prince tweets support for women driving Bandar al-Aiban , President of Saudi Arabia 's Human Rights Commission which is backed by the Saudi government , told CNN : "  This is a very important law . We 've been working on it for a long time . I 'm very pleased to see it enacted . King Abdullah himself is behind this law , " he said . "  This shows the kingdom is really moving forward with enacting laws that protect its citizens and residents and to make sure the kingdom is now in accordance with international obligations and international standards regarding human rights . " Earlier this year , a campaign was launched calling for an end to violence against women . In the King Khalid Foundation advert a woman wears a hijab with only her eyes visible - one clearly bruised and blackened . A slogan written in Arabic underneath reads : "  Some things ca n't be covered . " Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	Saudi Arabia 's cabinet has approved a law to combat domestic violence at home and in the workplace Human rights campaigners welcome decision , but urge caution as law is unclear and not implemented yet Until now , Saudi Arabia has n't had a written law governing domestic violence The law is expected to be implemented within 90 days , making physical abuse punishable with a maximum of one year in jail
Leaders in Utah say they found a way to get around the government shutdown . Utah will reopen its five national parks by Saturday , as well as three other nationally run locations . Utah 's Governor Gary Herbert made the announcement Thursday , saying a deal had been reached with the U.S. Department of the Interior Secretary Sally Jewell . "  Utah agrees to pay the National Park Service  NPS  up to $ 1.67 million -- $ 166,572 per day -- to re-open eight national sites in Utah for up to 10 days . If the federal government shutdown ends before then , the State will receive a refund of unused monies " an official press statement explained . The deal would reopen Arches , Bryce Canyon , Canyonlands , Capitol Reef , and Zion national parks . The other three locations that will be opened are Natural Bridges and Cedar Breaks national monuments , as well as Glen Canyon National Recreation Area . "  Utah 's national parks are the backbone of many rural economies and hard-working Utahns are paying a heavy price for this shutdown , " Herbert said in the released statement . "  I commend Secretary Jewell for being open to Utah 's solution , and the world should know Utah is open for business and visitors are welcome . " October is an especially profitable month for Utah 's national parks , since optimal weather attracts a high volume of tourists . Typically , officials estimate a $ 100 million yield for the month , so the parks ' closures would have had an especially high impact on the state . The Department of the Interior is now awaiting a transfer of funds from Utah , at which point it will notify "  site-specific " personnel to return to work . The process of opening the parks after receiving the money should take some time , but in a statement from the governor 's office , the state anticipates all sites should be "  fully operational by Saturday " . In the event that the federal government shutdown drags on longer than the 10 days that have been accounted for , the state of Utah insists it would be able to make additional payments to keep the parks operational . The agreement between Herbert and Jewell stipulates that the money spent by the state can be reimbursed with Congressional approval . However , as with other funds spent during the shutdown , Congress is under no obligation to refund the bill . It seems Herbert is quite intent on pursuing repayment , with his office telling reporters "  the Governor has engaged Utah 's congressional delegation to actively pursue timely repayment to state coffers . "	Officials will open eight locations by Saturday Utah 's governor announced the deal on Thursday "  Utah 's national parks are the backbone of many rural economies , " Governor Gary Herbert says
CNN  The family of James McNair , the late comedian known as "  Jimmy Mack , " has settled a lawsuit with Walmart over the auto accident that killed him and injured fellow comedian Tracy Morgan , McNair 's family says . McNair 's sister , Pamela McNair , said the amount agreed upon is confidential , but was satisfactory to all parties . "  There is no value , no dollar amount , on my brother 's life at all , " she said . "  But in terms of finances , it will assist the family a great deal to continue living life . " McNair was the father to 26-year-old Jamel and 19-year-old Danita and was the oldest of seven siblings he "  cared for greatly , " Pamela said . "  There 's nothing we can do to change what happened , " Walmart said . "  Walmart and the McNair family have worked closely together to reach an agreement . Walmart continues to work with others involved in the accident and we will continue to do what 's right . " Last June , a limo bus carrying Morgan , McNair and their companions was rear-ended by a Walmart truck on the New Jersey Turnpike . The crash killed McNair and left Morgan with a severe brain injury and their colleagues with other injuries . A preliminary report by the National Transportation Safety Board said the Walmart truck was traveling 20 mph over the speed limit , and that its driver was almost at his drive-time limit . In July , four parties filed suit against Walmart , stating in a complaint that "  the defendants ' negligence was a substantial contributing factor in causing plaintiffs ' injuries . " Pamela McNair said the family will continue carrying on James ' legacy as a humanitarian , and the finances from the settlement will help . "  My brother has done a lot for the community . He mentored the youth for the community , he worked at the homeless shelter . Little things that he 's done are truly missed , " McNair said . "  He was a great comedian , but he was a good family person first and foremost . He loved life and wanted others to love life as well . He was a humanitarian . " The mayor of McNair 's hometown , Peekskill , New York , has named June 12 in his honor , she said . Tracy Morgan 's lawyer told CNN in November that he was still recovering from the car accident that left him with a "  severe brain injury " and is fighting to return to the person he once was . McNair said her family has not been in contact with the Morgan family . "  It 's kind of heartbreaking , " McNair said . "  I understand he has his own medical situation , I want the best for him , I 'm praying for his recovery , but I felt that someone could have reached out to the family . ... My brother and Tracy had a very long relationship as friends and it is heartbreaking we have n't heard from anyone . " CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Alexandra Field contributed to this report .	Wreck with Walmart truck killed James McNair and injured Tracy Morgan James McNair performed under the name "  Jimmy Mack " and was Morgan 's friend
CNN  -- The fight against sexism has suddenly become all the rage among politicians . How curious . How timely . How suspiciously convenient . It took one politician , a woman , to put it all in perspective . If you have not heard the speech from Prime Minister Julia Gillard on the floor of the Australian House of Representatives , do yourself a favor . This is one for the ages . Nobody has unmasked political hypocrisy with such fire , with such passion , in a long , long time . We have heard the poll-tested , calculated claims by politicians around the globe . We hear it in presidential debates in the United States , where the election may depend on the support of female voters , and we 've heard it in places like Pakistan , where politicians want to benefit from the outrage over the shooting of 14-year-old Malala Yousufzai after assassins tried to kill her for defending every girl 's right to an education . In Australia , the political battle revolved around a very unique , rather strange , set of circumstances . But Gillard 's words crystallized the source of the unease that hangs over so many people as they hear politicians courting them . How much can we believe what they say ? Much became clear after the speech in Canberra , when Gillard unloaded a sizzling rhetorical barrage on Tony Abbott , the leader of the opposition , who had presented a motion he claimed was motivated by his own support of women 's equality . Gillard would have none of it . "  I will not be lectured about misogyny by this man . I will not . Not now , not ever , " she intoned , pointing directly at Abbott , who sat in his chair trying to keep a plastic smile on his face , no doubt hoping it would all end soon . But Gillard was just getting started . The Australian prime minister , glancing only occasionally at a sheet of notes , eviscerated her opponent 's claim that he had a sincere interest in standing up for women . You could detect a brief wince of anguish in Abbott 's tense brow when Gillard suggested "  Let 's go through the opposition leader 's repulsive double standards . " She went on to list , one by one , instances that demonstrate a track record of disdain for women by the opposition leader . Abbott was claiming to be offended by crude , sexist text messages , sent by the speaker of the House , who happened to be a supporter of the prime minister . The speaker eventually resigned his position . But Gillard , to the consternation of some Australians , would not support Abbott 's motion to fire him . If Abbott thinks misogynists are not suited for high office , she said , he should take a piece of paper and write out his resignation . "  If he wants to know what misogyny looks like in modern Australia , he does n't need a motion in the House of Representatives , " Gillard charged , "  he needs a mirror . " Checkmate . Gillard 's now-famous "  Misogyny Speech " became such a worldwide hit that publishing house Macquarie decided to update its definition of "  misogyny . " The old definition is "  hatred of women . " Macquarie said it will add a new meaning , "  entrenched prejudice against women , " reflecting the word 's modern usage . The speech became a hit because of its raw eloquence and visceral emotion . But it would not have ignited a fast-spreading fire if it had not touched flammable material . Gillard 's words resonated because we have all heard hypocritical politicians make claims that have the tinny ring of untruth , an echo of political consultant and focus-group regurgitation . The phenomenon becomes more prevalent , not surprisingly , when elections approach . In Pakistan , for example , the country is preparing to hold elections this year . The attempt to kill Malala by the supremely misogynistic Pakistani Taliban came just in time for politicians to try to fuel their campaigns with popular sentiment . The populist Imran Khan , a former cricket superstar who has entered politics , rushed to Malala 's bedside and was quick to condemn the attempted murder , as were many politicians . But , like many others , he refused to blame the Taliban , even though the group openly admitted to the hit and vowed to try again to kill her , reaffirming its revolting anti-women ideology . A closer look at Khan 's views , despite his show of support for Malala , indicates that he is unlikely to challenge the Taliban , even if that means sacrificing women 's rights . In the U.S. , the last presidential debate came just after a Gallup poll showed Republican Mitt Romney tying President Obama in likely swing state votes from women . Obama had relied on an advantage with women to stay ahead in the polls . Not surprisingly , the two men came out prepared for a full-on joust for the women 's vote . By one count , the two mentioned women 30 times in the last debate , with Obama wrapping himself in his support for equal pay legislation and Romney making his much-maligned claim to have relied on "  binders full of women " to find qualified candidates for high office while he was governor of Massachusetts . Cardona : Romney 's empty ` binders full of women ' I am not arguing that the "  binders " are a fantasy , nor am I saying that Obama or Romney are sexist . What I do say is that , increasingly , what we hear from politicians is carefully calculated . It is not calculated for accuracy ; it is calibrated for effect . That means women , and those who want to see the realization of a vision of equality , of an end to sexism and misogyny , need to consume the words of politicians with a large serving of skepticism . Every claim , every promise , must be checked against a track record to find whether it 's true and whether it is a good predictor of what they would do after the election , when standing up for women 's rights may not prove as timely and convenient as it does today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Fiery speech by Australia 's leader slams a politician 's newly found support of women Frida Ghitis : Male candidates ' promises to women usually forgotten after elections Suddenly supporting women 's issues is a hypocritical bid for votes , she says Ghitis : Women must take claims with grain of salt and examine candidates ' track records
Washington  CNN  -- Police arrested actor George Clooney and others Friday during a protest at the Sudanese Embassy in Washington . The arrested protesters included congressmen , human rights activists and faith leaders . "  We are here really to ask two very simple questions , " Clooney said moments before his arrest . "  The first question is something immediate -- and immediately , we need humanitarian aid to be allowed into the Sudan before it becomes the worst humanitarian crisis in the world . " The second thing , he said , "  is for the government in Khartoum to stop randomly killing its own innocent men , women and children . Stop raping them and stop starving them . That 's all we ask . " Protesters had begun gathering in the street before the protest began and converged on the Embassy once Clooney and the others arrived , holding signs reading "  Stop Bombing Civilians Now ! " and "  End the silence stop the violence . " Those arrested included United to End Genocide President Tom Andrews ; Democratic Reps. Jim McGovern , Al Green , Jim Moran and John Olver ; Martin Luther King III ; and NAACP President Ben Jealous . CNN iReporter films Clooney arrest Jealous directed a message to the Sudanese president : "  This is what beginning of the end looks like . " "  We are protesting to make sure the Sudanese government knows that the world is watching , " McGovern said . "  The United States Congress is watching . And we will be back again and again until they stop using food as a weapon ; stop slaughtering innocent men , women and children ; and stop spitting in the face of the world community . " After speeches by several of the protest leaders , a police officer told the group she was giving them a third warning , after which they would be arrested . A few moments later , the arrests began . The group stood calmly as they waited for the police to apply plastic handcuffs as the crowd of protesters chanted "  al-Bashir to the ICC , " referring to the International Criminal Court , where Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir has been indicted . Clooney was charged with disorderly crossing of a police line , a misdemeanor , Secret Service spokesman Max Millien said . The Secret Service is responsible for security at foreign diplomatic missions in Washington . He paid a $ 100 fine , choosing to forfeit that money to avoid a court appearance , said Gwendolyn Crump , a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Police Department . Clooney met with President Obama on Thursday to discuss his concerns about Sudan . He testified before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee this week about violence in the Nuba Mountains in South Kordofan , a state in Sudan near its border with newly independent South Sudan . Clooney and other activists blame the Sudanese government for attacks there that have injured and killed civilians . Clooney told the Senate committee that the attacks are being orchestrated by Sudan 's government , led by al-Bashir , government official Ahmad Harun and Defense Minister Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein -- the same three men , he said , who orchestrated long-documented attacks in Darfur . "  What you see is a constant drip of fear , " testified Clooney , who just returned from a trip to Sudan . "  We found children filled with shrapnel , including a 9-year-old boy who had both of his hands blown off . " This month the International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for Hussein , listing 41 counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes allegedly committed in the Darfur region of Sudan . Al-Bashir and Harun are also facing war crimes charges involving Darfur . Clooney is co-founder of the Satellite Sentinel Project , which uses satellite imagery to watch for aerial attacks and troop movements in Sudan and South Sudan , which became a separate country last year . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Clooney pays a $ 100 fine for misdemeanor charge Clooney discussed Sudan with President Obama on Thursday He recently traveled to Sudan 's Nuba Mountains He says the Sudanese government has bombed sites there , injuring and killing civilians
CNN  -- The United States and Mexico agreed Monday to work cooperatively on exploring and developing oil and natural gas reserves along their maritime border . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Interior Secretary Ken Salazar attended the signing of the pact known as the Transboundary Agreement in Los Cabos , Mexico , with Patricia Espinosa , the Mexican foreign relations minister . The agreement requires approval by the U.S. and Mexican national legislatures . According to a statement by the U.S. Interior Department , the agreement will open up almost 1.5 million acres of U.S. outer continental shelf to exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves . The area , roughly the size of Delaware , is estimated by the Interior Department 's Bureau of Ocean Energy Management to contain up to 172 million barrels of oil and 304 billion cubic feet of natural gas , the department statement said . "  This agreement makes available promising areas in the resource-rich Gulf of Mexico and establishes a clear process by which both governments can provide the necessary oversight to ensure exploration and development activities are conducted safely , " Salazar said in the statement . The Transboundary Agreement creates a framework for Mexico 's state-owned Petroleos Mexicanos  PEMEX  to work with U.S. oil and gas companies in developing the maritime boundary area . It follows the commitment last year by U.S. President Barack Obama and Mexican President Felipe Calderon to work out an agreement on developing the maritime border reserves .	The United States and Mexico sign an agreement to cooperate on energy development The agreement covers oil and natural gas development on their maritime border The Transboundary Agreement requires approval from both countries ' national legislatures
Two hours before the official results of the French presidential elections , no Paris visitor could ignore that a historical political change was about to happen . Down Paris ' Left Bank boulevards , throngs of flag-waving young and not-so-young people were flocking towards the Socialist headquarters near the National Assembly . Cyclists were ringing their bells , cars blowing their horns and François Hollande 's sympathizers chanting "  Victoire ! " Nicolas Sarkozy had just canceled a planned celebration at Concorde and the place , where the guillotine once stood , was alarmingly quiet and deserted . However , as is traditional in presidential elections , France waited for the traditional countdown at 8 p.m. sharp to see the face of their next president and to start celebrating or commiserating . With 51.7 % of the votes , the Socialist candidate François Hollande won a neat victory , albeit not a large one . His first few hours as president struck a different tone to Sarkozy 's victory in 2007 . He addressed the nation from Corrèze , his regional bastion in the heart of France , and his speech was then followed by accordionists playing "  La Vie en Rose . " He then hopped in a modest-looking car to reach the nearest airport and fly to Paris to go straight to the Bastille where 100,000 people waited until after midnight to hear him speak again . No flashy restaurant on the Champs Elysées , no celebrities behind him , no cortege of expensive cars : Hollande appeared as Mr. Normal from the first few minutes of his election . Here lies perhaps the key to his election . Unlike the rest of Europe , where governments collapsed under the euro crisis 's burden , the French did n't sanction Sarkozy for his management of the financial crisis , which in fact many consider good . They ousted Sarkozy on his personality . In the last five years , they had grown to detest the man even more than his policies . The TV debate which traditionally puts the two candidates against each other just before the second round of the elections and which was followed by 18 million people showed the two men 's strikingly different styles . Sarkozy appeared as the never-ending attacker who always tried to push his rival into mistakes . Hollande looked a much calmer presence who excelled both in ducking blows and holding his ground . If the street celebrations lasted till dawn in the streets of France , however , the honeymoon should n't last very long for Hollande , who was already on the phone to German chancellor Angela Merkel an hour after being elected . His task is immense . First , he must reassure the markets while pushing for a growth pact alongside the already negotiated fiscal pact . He may not even wait for the traditional week before the official handover to start his presidency . His agenda for the next few days and weeks looks extremely busy . On May 17 , Hollande must meet President Obama in Washington . The two men have never met and Hollande is an unknown entity in the U.S. . The following two days , on May 18 and 19 , Hollande will attend the G8 at Camp David and then on to the NATO summit in Chicago , where the French president will announce the earlier withdrawal of French troops from Afghanistan , an announcement which should not please the U.S. administration and Nato allies . In France , the next hurdle will come in a month when the newly elected president will ask the French to give him a clear majority at the National Assembly . A large majority would give the Socialist government room for maneuvering and real legitimacy when dealing with other European partners . At the Bastille yesterday , Hollande stated very clearly his intent to spear a new anti-austerity movement in Europe and the world at large . The challenge is momentous . He must first convince Merkel to let the ECB play a bigger part in the euro 's recovery . Will Hollande succeed where Sarkozy failed ? It is possible , after all . Merkel and Hollande may belong to two different political families ; this detail alone never derailed the formidable entente between Mitterrand and Kohl . Besides , Hollande does n't need being convinced that Germany is France 's most important ally . In 2007 , Sarkozy very openly snubbed Merkel , by looking instead towards the U.S. and Britain . Only circumstances made him reconsider . Merkozy was never a natural duo . At home , Hollande will start by making a few symbolic gestures : lower the retirement age from 62 to 60 for a fraction of the workforce , specifically those who started working in their mid-teens ; he will raise students ' scholarships ; and stop the haemorrhage of teachers in the education sector , in his eyes , the most important battleground in France and the key to its future . These decisions are not going to deepen the public deficit much ; they will however go a long way to signify that Sarkozysm is now extinct . And it is precisely what a majority of French people want to hear at present .	Francois Hollande appeared as Mr. Normal from first few minutes of his election , says Agnes Poirier She says French did n't oust Sarkozy over financial crisis ; they ousted Sarkozy on his personality Hollande faces big challenge : firstly in parliamentary elections in a month when he seeks majority He does n't need to be convinced that Germany is France 's most important ally , Poirier says
Wren Thomas grew up in the middle of the cornfields of central Illinois , longing , he says , to do something important in his life "  to make his family proud . " So when a cousin beckoned him to come work on boats off Louisiana , he jumped at the chance . His goal : to be a ship captain , "  the best that I could be . " "  It meant strength , accomplishment , ' he said when he finally was made a captain in 1991 and traveled the world for various shipping firms . With a wife , eventually three children and boat to lead , Capt. Wren Thomas had achieved his piece of the American dream . "  I wanted to be in charge of my own destiny , " he recalled during an interview in his attorney 's Houston office . All of that came crashing down on October 23 , 2013 when Thomas was piloting his supply boat , the C-Retriever off the coast of Nigeria towards a Chevron-owned oil field . Over the next six hours , he would huddle with his crew in an incredibly hot , water-sealed tank room as a half-dozen pirates stormed his boat and began their siege looking for their prize : the American captain and his American-born engineer . Thomas reluctantly gave up when the pirates started firing guns through a hole in the room door . He told his engineer they had no choice if the rest of the 13-member crew , still in hiding , was to be spared . "  I told him , ` Look I think it 's time we give up . If we do n't give up we are either going to die or somebody is going to get killed from ricocheting bullets . ' " Thomas and his engineer were the only ones to be kidnapped by the pirates , driven away in a speed boat and held in Nigerian swamps and jungles for 18 days . The experience was so horrific that even today Thomas is unable to bring himself to reveal all details of his captivity . "  We were n't being punched or kicked or anything like that but just I 've told people that I would have rather been punched then went through what I went through , " Thomas said . "  The mental abuse of it with the guns pointing at you . And knowing how unstable these guys are . " Thomas said there were about 18 Nigerian kidnappers , some chain-smoked marijuana or crack incessantly , constantly waving their weapons and making threats . Food consisted of instant noodles -- on days the negotiations were going well -- and maybe a bottle of water . And his captors blared their music constantly , fixated on , of all things , country singer Dolly Parton 's song , "  Coat of Many Colors , " and the music of hip hop artist 50 Cent . "  I knew I was going to die . We knew it every day , every night , " he said . Despite the chaos in the jungle , Thomas said the leaders were organized , using satellite phones to negotiate , first demanding a $ 2 million ransom . Thomas believes the payoff was eventually whittled down to several hundred thousand dollars , though CNN can not confirm who paid the ransom or who received it . Thomas said one evening he and his engineer were told to get in a small boat with six pirates . They motored for about two hours to reach a village . There , four of the pirates got out and met some other men who handed them backpacks , Thomas told CNN . They returned to the boat and counted the cash stuffed into the bags . After a dispute , Thomas says he and the engineer were taken to the other men and told to lie on the ground until the pirates left . Then they were put in a car and driven off . Later they were transferred to a second car , where a representative from the shipping company was waiting for them . At that point they were finally free , 18 days after being seized at gunpoint . After a debriefing by his ship managers , then a similar one by the FBI in Lagos , Nigeria , Thomas returned to the United States last November , days after his release . He has been seeing mental health advisers and other medical professionals since . But his hostage-taking and the negotiations that freed him have raised alarm bells in counterterrorism circles and elsewhere for numerous reasons ; not the least is Thomas ' claim that the FBI told him the money paid for his freedom may eventually have wound up in the hands of the notorious terror group Boko Haram . On the hunt for Boko Haram That is the same group that in April kidnapped nearly 300 Nigerian girls . They 're also blamed for laying waste to multiple villages in the northern part of the country , burning them down and killing many people in bomb attacks . Thomas said during his debriefing in Lagos the FBI indicated that the money paid for his freedom may have been funneled through other groups before making its way to Boko Haram . The FBI would not comment . CNN can not independently confirm whether Boko Haram received any money from the kidnapping . Yan St-Pierre , CEO of Modern Security Consulting Group , said his contacts believe Boko Haram , once confined strictly to the northern parts of Nigeria , is benefiting from the increase in piracy along the west coast of Africa . But the group is perhaps not directly carrying out the kidnappings itself . "  So when people are asking , is there a link between Boko Haram and piracy in Nigeria , it 's not the one they usually expect it to be , " said St-Pierre , whose firm was not involved in the Thomas case . "  It 's one that is not necessarily logistical and operational . It 's one that is more subtle . Essentially they will probably provide personnel every now and then , but it 's not a fixed structure . So we are talking more  about  providing means to wash the money , to clean it . To make sure the smuggling routes , personnel , sex slaves , drugs , weapons above all else , these pirates need weapons . "  So if Boko Haram provided the weapons in advance for example and said , ` Well we will get a cut of the ransom , ' which is standard policy within these groups within the region in general , this would make absolute sense to say , well the ransom money that was paid for the captain ended up at the very least partially into Boko Haram 's hands , quite probably as a payment for services delivered . " Major oil companies have an official policy of not paying ransom for personnel or the thefts of fuel and ships on the high seas . And subsidiary companies , like Capt. Thomas ' employer Edison Chouest , are n't talking , so it is unclear if they , too , have the same policy . It is against U.S. law to deal with terrorists but that issue becomes murky when dealing with ransoms for captives because so many middle men are involved , counterterrorism sources said ; it is hard to say who is a terrorist and who is just a common criminal . Piracy off the coast of Nigeria is on the rise , according to one study published by Oceans Beyond Piracy , a project of the One Earth Foundation . By contrast , piracy off Somalia -- on the other side of the African continent -- dropped dramatically in 2013 to only 23 vessels attacked from 237 ships attacked in 2011 , the same group reported . In West Africa , the group estimates there were at least 100 total piracy attacks and characterized them as more violent and frequent . Thomas , in a series of emails , says he warned his company , Edison Chouset , that security was deteriorating and he feared some of his own Nigerian crew members . His attorney shared two of the emails with CNN . In one email to his operations coordinator , Thomas , summing up his fear of the security situation , wrote "  I am also asking to not to return to Nigeria . " Thomas said company officials told him things would improve but never did . On the day he set out on his fateful trip , Thomas said dock workers announced over two-way radio where the ship was going and what supplies it was carrying . He said those communications left them doomed before they ever got to their destination . "  The pirates  later  told me they knew where we was going ... they knew my cargo , they knew my position , they knew the track I was taking . " CNN made multiple attempts to contact Edison Chouest for comment but the company refused to return multiple calls or an email . Thomas said two representatives from the company stayed near his wife in their hometown during his ordeal and the FBI was also in contact . But once he was freed , the communications virtually ended . It was n't until January that someone from the company offered to assist in his medical care and other financial needs , he said . Thomas is now consulting with a Houston attorney on his next move as he says he is medically unable to return to his overseas duties as a ship captain . "  Life is hell for me now , " Thomas said . "  Life will never be the same again . The man that my wife married is not the same anymore ... I walk around all day paranoid . I 'm sad . I ca n't sleep . My family is hurt . " Earlier this year , Thomas finally broke his silence , giving an in-depth interview to a shipping newsletter gCaptain . He is talking now , he says , so others do n't face the same fate . His attorney , Brian Beckcom , represented members of the Maersk Alabama crew that served with Capt. Richard Philips , whose capture by Somali pirates was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks . He said he believes these companies owe crew members , like Thomas , the same level of protection now provided to crews off the Somalian coast . "  Now all the ships in East Africa have armed guards , or most do , and piracy has plummeted in East Africa . West Africa is now the hotspot and there is no question that these companies are making hundreds of millions in  oil  profits should do something more than they 're doing to protect the men that work over there , " Beckcom said . How Navy SEALs rescued Capt. Phillips	Capt. Wren Thomas was kidnapped from his ship off Nigeria He was held in jungles and swamps while captors demanded ransom During debriefing , FBI said ransom could fund Boko Haram terror group , Thomas says
London  CNN  -- Barclays bank took out large UK newspaper ads Saturday to say sorry to "  all Barclays customers and clients " in the wake of a rate-rigging scandal which has hammered its reputation . The public apology , printed in papers including the Financial Times and the Times of London and signed by outgoing chairman Marcus Agius , says the bank is "  truly sorry for what has happened and that you have been let down . " It continues : "  It is our actions now over the coming months and years that will make the difference . "  You are the lifeblood of our business , and we will not allow ourselves to be distracted from what really matters -- delivering for you , day in and day out . " Barclays is determined to put its customers "  at the heart of everything we do " and must earn the right to retain their business , the statement concludes . Agius 's resignation as chairman was announced 12 days ago , as the scandal over the rates at which banks lend each other money gathered pace . He will step down once a replacement is found . Following wide pressure , the bank 's former chief executive , Bob Diamond , resigned a day later . The scandal involves a lending rate , known as the London interbank offered rate , or Libor , which is set every morning by banks posting the rate at which they are willing to borrow with the British Bankers ' Association . The BBA publishes Libor as a result of this . The Libor affects how much interest ordinary people pay on everything from credit card debt to home mortgages and student loans . Barclays was fined $ 450 million by British and American regulators last month after admitted some of its trading desks purposely under-reported its interest rates . A report from the UK 's Financial Services Authority concluded the rate-fixing scandal was of the "  utmost seriousness . " Between 2005 and 2009 , when Diamond was in charge of the investment branch of Barclays bank , traders were influencing the pricing of rates which impact up to $ 800 trillion of securities . E-mails revealed as part of the rate-fixing investigation showed traders were seeking beneficial rates for their trading positions . Diamond has blamed the wrongdoing on 14 traders out of "  a couple thousand . " During the credit crisis of 2007 and 2008 , Barclays ' high Libor postings came under scrutiny and the bank , concerned about "  unfounded negative perceptions , " lowered its Libor submissions , according to Barclays notes to the Treasury Committee . A host of other banks , including Deutsche Bank , Royal Bank of Scotland , Credit Suisse , Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase and UBS , are being investigated by regulators . Lawsuits have been filed against the banks in the United States , and are being prepared in the UK . CNN 's Isa Soares and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	Barclays says it is "  truly sorry for what has happened and that you have been let down " It pledges to work for its clients and customers and earn right to keep their business The bank has been rocked by a rate-rigging scandal that has forced out top executives Barclays was fined $ 450 million last month by British and U.S. regulators
CNN  -- Ohio State University has picked ex-Florida coach Urban Meyer as the new head of its scandal-tarred football program , the school announced Monday . Meyer , a onetime Ohio State graduate assistant who led Florida to two national college football titles , will replace Jim Tressel , who resigned in May . In a statement released by the university , Meyer said he was "  honored and humbled " by the chance to lead the Buckeyes . Stewart Mandel : Meyer will revive OSU program "  My duty is to ensure that Ohio State 's football program reflects and enhances the academic mission of the institution , " he said . "  I am part of it , I believe in it , and I will live it . " Tressel resigned after being fined $ 250,000 and suspended for lying to National Collegiate Athletic Association officials investigating allegations that his players had received special benefits from local businesses . The school vacated its 12 wins from the 2010 season and put itself on two years ' probation after Tressel 's departure . Meyer 's return to coaching comes just under a year after he stepped down from Florida 's head coaching job , saying he needed "  to put my focus on my family and life away from the field . " He led the Gators to NCAA football titles in 2006 and 2008 during his six-year tenure .	Football coach replaces Jim Tressel , who resigned amid scandal in May He says he 's "  honored and humbled " by the chance to lead the Buckeyes Meyer led Florida to two college football national titles in six seasons
CNN  -- Diprivan is a powerful I.V. anesthetic drug used for patients undergoing certain surgeries and diagnostic procedures . Patients undergoing surgery may receive Diprivan to keep them sedated during the procedure . The drug is making headlines with the claim from a nurse who worked for pop icon Michael Jackson that the singer , who died June 25 , had repeatedly asked her about the drug . Nurse Cherilyn Lee told CNN that Jackson had brought up Diprivan about three months ago , saying he needed it for insomnia and that his doctor said it was safe . "  He said , ' I am so sleepy . I can not sleep . I want to have at least eight hours of sleep , ' " Lee told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . The medication , whose generic name is propofol , renders the patient unconscious for as long as doctors deem necessary . The patient wakes up almost immediately after the infusion is stopped , experts say . But treating sleep disorders is not an approved use of the drug . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration says Diprivan should be given only by people trained in the administration of general anesthesia and who are not involved in the conduct of the surgery or diagnostic procedure . Watch Dr. Gupta explain when and how propofol  Diprivan  is used " The general anesthetic has the effect of making patients feel well-rested when they wake up from it , said Dr. Hector Vila , chairman of the Ambulatory Surgery Committee for the American Society of Anesthesiologists . Vila gives the drug to all of his patients who are getting office procedures in areas such as urology , dentistry and gynecology . It is also the most common anesthetic for colonoscopies , he said . "  I have never heard of anyone using it for the treatment of a sleep disorder , " he said . There have been cases of health care professionals self-administering the drug and abusing it , however , said Vila , who has examined deaths from Diprivan in Florida . Other deaths from the drug have occurred when administered by non-anesthetist professionals , in settings such as ophthalmology , gynecology and plastic surgery , he said . Diprivan appears white and milky , and is usually run as an I.V. drip . In addition to surgical applications , it can be used in the intensive care unit for someone who may be intubated on a ventilator . The drug itself does not provide pain relief , experts say . The principle risks of Diprivan come from improper monitoring of the patient 's breathing , Vila said . When a person 's breathing slows down , not enough carbon dioxide gets removed from the body , and not enough oxygen enters . This could lead to cardiac arrest , he said . Still , when used properly , Diprivan is not a dangerous drug , he said . "  It 's very safe in a properly trained physician 's hands . " The drug has been used in the past to treat prolonged epileptic seizures . A small MayoClinic study in 2008 found that Diprivan was associated with a higher risk of cardiac arrest and deaths in patients with a condition called refractory status epilepticus . Side effects of Diprivan may include dizziness and lightheadedness . Balance , coordination and judgment may be affected for up to 24 hours , so patients should not drive cars , play sports or sign contracts in that period , Vila said . Patients may also experience a euphoric feeling upon waking up , Vila said . This is distinct from older anesthetics , which caused nausea and vomiting , he said . The FDA also issued a warning to health care professionals in 2007 about patients who experienced chills , fever and body aches shortly after receiving the drug for sedation or general anesthesia . Doctors consider sedation a continuum , where relaxation is on the mild side and general anesthesia is at the other extreme . There may be complications of Diprivan if the patient is also taking prescription pain medications , experts say . Patients should tell their health care providers about any allergies they have before taking this drug , doctors say , including eggs , soy products , sulfite , benzyl alcohol and any medications . CNN 's Stephanie Smith contributed to this report .	Diprivan renders the patient unconscious for as long as doctors deem necessary FDA has not approved it for treating sleep disorders The drug has the effect of making the patient feel well-rested upon waking up People with food or drug allergies should alert their doctor before taking it
CNN  -- For months , Republicans derisively doubted if U.S. President Barack Obama was a true friend of Israel and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , questioning if Americans should re-elect someone who might not be on the same page with the long-time U.S. ally . Now , it 's Netanyahu facing political heat in his own country -- for his relationship with Obama . Despite sometimes blistering attacks over where his administration stands on Israel and against Iran 's nuclear program , Obama this week emerged victorious in the U.S. presidential election . But Netanyahu has months to go in his own campaign , including time to answer questions about his relationship with the American leader . Leading the charge against the prime minister is the Kadima party , which holds more seats at 28 than any other in Israel 's Knesset and which quit Netanyahu 's coalition government in July . The centrist party is among those aiming to gain more power and unseat Netanyahu when Israelis go to the polls on January 22 , 2013 . Kadima wasted little time after Obama 's election win in going after Netanyahu . In a post Wednesday on its Facebook page , the party claimed the prime minister had sided with U.S. Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and could not be trusted -- by Obama and , moreover , by Israelis -- to be a robust , effective partner with Washington . In that post and in an open letter on its website , Kadima highlighted the importance of U.S.-Israeli relations . Jewish media is abuzz , too , about a Wednesday speech by former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert in which he claimed that Netanyahu had interjected himself into the U.S. election by trying to undermine the incumbent president . Multiple Jewish media outlets reported Olmert said Netanyahu got involved in part to satisfy Sheldon Adelson , who donated close to $ 100 million this year toward defeating Obama and electing Republicans to Congress , according to insiders involved in the process . The Jerusalem Post reported Olmert said that "  Netanyahu 's behavior in recent months brings up the question if Netanyahu has a friend in the White House , and I 'm not sure . " "  This represents a significant breach of the basic rules governing ties between nations , made worse by the fact that these are allies like Israel and the United States , " Olmert said in the same speech to Jewish leaders in New York , according to another leading Jewish newspaper , Haaretz . Netanyahu and officials in his government have beaten down such accusations of meddling , while playing up what they describe as strong ties between Israel and the United States . In a statement congratulating Obama , Netanyahu said , "  The security relationship between the United States and Israel is rock solid , and I look forward to working with President Obama to further strengthen this relationship . " In an interview Thursday with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon acknowledged that Romney and Netanyahu have a special connection from having once worked together at the same U.S.-based consulting firm , but "  to say there was a preference , it 's a little bit of a stretch . " "  We have no better friend than President Obama , " Ayalon said , repeating an assertion he 'd made previously . The deputy foreign minister credited Obama with spearheading international sanctions and other punitive measures that he said has made Iran "  very vulnerable ... socially , politically , economically . " Whatever past differences there might have been about timelines and goals , Ayalon said Israel will follow the U.S. president 's cue when it comes to Iran . "  I think today we can safely say that we are very much of the same page , and we 'll continue to follow the lead of the United States , " he said . Such a line of questioning , and political attacks , about U.S.-Israeli relations is nothing new -- as evidenced in the recent U.S. election . For months , Republicans hammered Obama , claiming he had n't been a loyal enough friend to Netanyahu or tough enough on Iran . One public dust-up came earlier this fall , when Israeli sources told CNN the White House had turned down a request for a meeting between Netanyahu and Obama while both were in New York for a U.N. meeting , prompting Romney to say he "  ca n't imagine ever saying no " to a meeting request from Netanyahu . The White House later said no request had been made , and within hours of the story breaking , Obama called the prime minister and said the two countries maintain "  close cooperation on Iran and other security issues . " The Obama administration has stressed repeatedly that it is committed to maintaining a strong relationship with Israel . In May 2011 , the president said , "  The bonds between the United States and Israel are unbreakable , and the commitment of the United States to the security of Israel is ironclad . " Now , the same issue -- how well can Netanyahu and Obama work with and trust each other -- is being debated nearly 6,000 miles from Washington in another heated election . This is a testament to the unique , historically tight relations between these two nations , as well as the vibrant brand of democracy that define their political systems . Despite obvious differences , Netanyahu and Kadima leader Shaul Mofaz did unite this week on one matter -- lauding the U.S. political system and expressing their desire for Israel to follow its lead . Mofaz described "  American democracy  as  a beacon for Israel and her people . " Netanyahu , meanwhile , characterized the United States as "  the greatest democracy on Earth . "	Republicans had criticized Obama over whether he was close enough to Israel Now Israeli opposition leaders are saying Netanyahu ca n't be trusted by Obama U.S.-Israeli relations may be a factor in Israel 's election , set for January 2013
Pasadena , California  CNN  -- When President Barack Obama formally ended "  do n't ask , do n't tell " in July 2011 , ending a 17-year ban on gays serving openly in the U.S. military , Tracey Cooper-Harris felt liberated about her future as a veteran . As a sergeant in the U.S. Army , she received more than two dozen medals and commendations during her 12 years of service , which included tours in Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan . "  Like a lot of other vets , I 've had some struggles , including post-traumatic stress , but that 's one of the issues that I 'm taking care of , " she said . While Cooper-Harris struggled with PTSD , she managed to earn a Bachelor of Science degree from California State University , Northridge , and landed a job at the Department of Veterans Affairs in Los Angeles , where she helps other veterans with disabilities . Four years ago , Cooper-Harris disclosed her sexual orientation and married longtime partner Maggie Cooper in California , where same-sex marriages were legal under state law . Three days later , voters passed Proposition 8 , an initiative that invalidated such marriages . Supreme Court will tackle same-sex marriage "  We knew there was a possibility that Proposition 8 would not go in our favor , but on that particular day , that was not really on our minds , " said Maggie , who met Tracey during a women 's rugby match at Occidental College , where she coaches a women 's team . Like the 18,000 same-sex couples who obtained marriage licenses before the ballot initiative went into effect , the couple 's marriage is still recognized as legal in California . They are entitled to the same protections as other married couples under state law . Victory for lesbian , years after her longtime partner 's death But in 2010 , Tracey was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis , a chronic , disabling disease that attacks the brain and nervous system and has no cure . Because the Department of Veteran Affairs determined that the disease is connected to her military service , Tracey says she qualified for disability benefits of about $ 1,400 a month , which help cover medicine and doctor visits . In late 2011 , Tracey applied for additional disability compensation as a married veteran to help ensure that her spouse had supplemental support . When the couple received a letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs denying dependency benefits , based on their marital status , it was a setback in their struggle for same-sex equality . "  It hurts and it 's really frustrating , " Tracey said . Federal appeals court strikes down Defense of Marriage Act Under the Defense of Marriage Act of 1996 , the federal government does not recognize Maggie as a legal dependent . Therefore , she can not receive spousal benefits that would be available to a male spouse . In February , Tracey and Maggie Cooper-Harris filed a federal discrimination lawsuit against the Department of Veterans Affairs and the U.S. Department of Justice . "  This unequal treatment of Tracey and Maggie 's marriage under federal law demeans not only their marriage but also the remarkable sacrifices of Tracey , a woman who gave more than nine years of her life in active duty military service to this country , " according to the lawsuit filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center on behalf of the couple . "  I just want to make sure that if and when something does happen to me , if any of my service-connected issues get worse , if I get really sick or incapacitated , that Maggie 's provided for , " Tracey said . The U.S. Department of Justice and the Department of Veterans Affairs declined to comment on the lawsuit . Washington starts issuing same-sex marriage licenses What worries Tracey is how Maggie will cope if she dies from the disease . According to their lawsuit , because of her gender , there are benefits in death that Maggie would n't receive , like bereavement counseling or death indemnity compensation . "  It 's very disappointing to think that during one of the roughest times in life , Maggie would be left out in the cold , " Tracey said . What 's worse , Tracey says , is that under DOMA , a same-sex spouse can not be buried in a state or national veteran 's cemetery . Despite the Department of Veteran Affairs ' rejection of disability benefits for same-sex couples , Tracey and Maggie are optimistic that their lawsuit will prevail . Although Tracey is an employee at the same institution she is suing , she says her supervisors have been supportive . As their suit moves forward , equally important to the future of same-sex marriage , Tracey says , is what happens at the U.S. Supreme Court . Soon , it could decide on the constitutionality of the Defense of Marriage Act in eight cases under consideration and one involving Proposition 8 . "  I 'm very happy to be married to Tracey , and I look forward to a time when it 's a fully recognized marriage in the eyes of the federal government and we do n't have to worry about some of the things on our minds that add to burdens that already exist in our daily lives , " Maggie said . Being LGBT : Then and now -- how has life changed ?	Veteran Tracey Cooper-Harris married her same-sex partner four years ago In 2010 , she was diagnosed with a disease connected to her service and received benefits She later sought additional disability compensation for her spouse The VA denied the additional benefits , and the couple filed a federal discrimination lawsuit
CNN  -- A competitor has died and another is in hospital following a tragic end to the World Sauna Championships in southern Finland . Russian Vladimir Ladyzhenskiy died Saturday after taking part in the final of a competition in which contestants are required to withstand rising temperatures for as long as possible . Finnish finalist Timo Kaukonen was also taken to hospital for treatment , organizer Ossi Arvela said in a statement posted on the event 's website . Images of the contest showed Ladyzhenskiy and Kaukonen sitting side by side in the sauna . Both contestants can then be seen lying on the ground , apparently doused in water . Ladyzhenskiy appears to be suffering from severe skin burns . "  The event was interrupted immediately after the accident . Competition organization grieves these sad events , " Avela said . Finnish police and organizers are investigating the incident , Arvela said . But he said first aid personnel had been in place and all competitors taking part in the contest had provided doctor 's certificates . "  All the rules were followed , " he said . The World Sauna Championships take place annually in the town of Heinola .	Finnish event sees competitors attempting to withstand rising temperatures Russian finalist Vladimir Ladyzhenskiy died after Saturday 's final His opponent , Finland 's Timo Kaukonen , was taken to hospital Police are investigating incident but "  rules were followed , " organizers say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- In energy-sapping conditions , the British and Irish Lions hardly had to bare their teeth to comprehensively beat the Barbarians 59-8 in the first match of their rugby tour to Australia . "  It was a good run-out and what we wanted . It was a little tougher than the scoreline suggests , " Lions head coach Warren Gatland said after the match in Hong Kong . "  I think the scoreline reflected our dominance . I was genuinely very , very pleased with that today . It was tough out there . The players said  the ball  was a like a bar of soap with the humidity and the heat . " In the hot and sticky night air -- the temperature hovering around 30C in the windless Hong Kong Stadium -- the Lions ran in eight tries to one against the scratch team of internationals that last weekend had lost 40-12 to England . Led by the normally dynamic captain of Italy , Sergio Parisse , who said the conditions were the toughest he 'd played in , the Barbarians forwards seemed determined to physically test their opposition early on . Scottish fullback Stuart Hogg , the Lions ' youngest player at 20 , looked to get his tour off on a positive note but the beginning of a scything run a couple of minutes into the match was brought to juddering halt by a crunching tackle by Barbarians center Casey Lualala . Then after just eight minutes South African Schalk Brits , forgetting any club loyalty , sent a punch towards his Saracens teammate and Lions flyhalf Owen Farrell , earning the Barbarians ' hooker a yellow card and 10 minutes off the field . It could easily have been red . "  From our point of view , the good thing is that Owen was n't injured or knocked out , and from a rugby perspective I 'm glad  Brits  was n't sent off , it was just a yellow card , because it would have been less of a workout for us and the rugby as a spectacle , " said Gatland . "  One of the things we 're going the emphasize very strongly is to make sure we keep our discipline . It 's going to be hugely important for us . Sometimes you need to take one for the team , you need to get ` whacked ' and you ca n't retaliate because the consequences of that retaliation can be pretty severe as well . " Swinging arms aside , there was little of note to get the 28,643 spectators excited about in a slow-paced first half until Irish lock and match-day captain Paul O'Connell lunged over the line for the first try of the Lions tour . Soon after , Welsh scrumhalf Mike Phillips ' darting run from the back of a ruck extended the Lions ' lead to 20-3 , while Farrell slotted over a last-minute penalty to make the score 23-3 at halftime . Another Phillips try , touched down with a swallow dive three minutes after the restart and converted by Farrell , killed the match as a contest and put the Lions 30-3 ahead . The tries then came regularly as the game opened up . So too did the handling errors , especially for Farrell , who , while dead-eyed with the boot often seemed to have his palms smeared with treacle ; what seemed a certain try for the Lions was denied by Barbarians fullback Jared Payne when he swatted the ball out of the path of Sean Maitland from an overhead Farrell pass . The lone try for the Barbarians -- a breakaway effort after 58 minutes by Kahn Fotuali'i -- was only limited respite from the one-way traffic as the Lions continued to dictate play . A misplaced pass by the Barbarians in their own 22 later led to a try for Lions center Jonathan Davies before Welsh winger Alex Cuthbert ran in two tries to push the score to 47-8 , while his compatriots Dan Lydiate and Alun Wyn-Jones completed the rout . O'Connell was pleased with the performance from a team that has only had a few weeks to bond . "  You just want to get into it , " he said . "  We can show guys the video now  from the match  the chats will begin amongst players and the tour really starts and takes off from here . For some of us being in camp for three weeks -- three weeks without a game is a long time , so it 's great to get the tour started . The squad fly to Perth Sunday for their first game against Australian opposition , the Western Force , on Wednesday . Gatland was content to get his team through their sweltering Hong Kong experience unscathed , and was encouraged by the players ' performances . "  Going forward I think these players that have played tonight have laid down a marker and the players that get picked and play against the Force they will know they will have to perform , " the New Zealander said . "  Today 's performance was n't about Australia it was about us , and us putting down some foundations in place ; the first two or three games are about that . "  We 'll start concentrating on looking at the Australian sides more closely than we have because the focus has been getting this first game under our belts , we 'll look at the tapes of their recent performances and the buildup to that first Test in Brisbane . " "  We 're well aware that in Perth the microscope is going to be on us a heck of a lot more than it has been at the moment . "	British and Irish Lions begin tour with a 59-8 win against Barbarians in Hong Kong Lions score eight tries against the international selection ahead of trip to Australia Coach Warren Gatland : "  I was genuinely very , very pleased with that . It was tough . " Stand-in captain Paul O'Connell opened the try scoring for the Lions
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Attorney General Eric Holder was decidedly noncommittal Thursday as he was buffeted on Capitol Hill by alternating demands to release -- or not -- more secret documents related to alleged torture , and to prosecute -- or not -- Bush administration officials who wrote and approved those documents . Attorney General Eric Holder testifies before a U.S. House subcommittee on Thursday . Holder was scheduled to appear before a House committee to discuss the Justice Department budget , but lawmakers threw away the script and overwhelmed him with pointed questions about the memos and accountability for the interrogation policies . The toughest exchanges were with the top Republican in the session , Rep. Frank Wolf of Virginia . Wolf insisted Holder provide still-secret documents which former Vice President Dick Cheney says detail valuable intelligence gained from the use of the harsh techniques against captured suspected terrorists . "  You have an obligation to release the rest of the memos , " Wolf demanded . But Holder said he had no knowledge of documents that might contain the information to which Cheney referred . "  I 'm not familiar with those memos . I frankly have not seen them . I do n't know that they exist , " Holder said . When Holder said he does n't control all of the documents , Wolf complained Holder was trying to duck responsibility "  just because the documents might be in a different building . " "  It is certainly the intention of this administration not to play hide and seek , or not to release certain things , " Holder replied . "  It is not our intention to try to advance a political agenda or to try to hide things from the American people , " he said . As Republican lawmakers complained about the administration 's release of four documents last week that had authorized waterboarding and other controversial methods , Democrats praised the release . Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey , D-Wisconsin , said torture is illegal and those responsible for its use have to be held personally accountable . Representatives of liberal organizations including MoveOn.org , Democrats.com and the American Civil Liberties Union were in the hearing room seeking to cajole Holder and other administration officials to appoint a special prosecutor to press charges against Bush administration officials . "  The Justice Department is obligated to appoint an independent prosecutor to investigate these crimes , " said Mandy Simon of the ACLU . She said representatives of the groups had provided to Assistant Attorney General Lee Loftus a disk containing the signatures of about 260,000 individuals demanding the outside prosecutor be appointed . Holder was not asked whether he would seek an outside counsel , but indicated he was waiting for more information from pending reports . He said a key report on the actions of Bush Justice Department officials involved in drafting the controversial legal guidance would be completed "  soon " and he hopes to make it public .	On Capitol Hill , Republicans criticize initial release of four interrogation memos They say memos referenced by Dick Cheney should be released for complete picture Liberal groups demand special prosecutor to press charges against Bush officials Attorney general remains noncommittal on additional releases or any prosecutions
New York  CNN  -- Building management told Manhattan apartment residents that it was not consulted before a leaserholder invited former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn to stay as a guest , according to an e-mail obtained Saturday by CNN . The general manager for 71 Broadway sent an e-mail informing residents that he has been assured that Strauss-Kahn "  will only be staying here until early next week . " Strauss-Kahn , who is awaiting a trial on sexual assault charges , was released on bail from the Rikers Island jail Friday . A private security guard will monitor Strauss-Kahn around the clock at his own expense during his stay at the Manhattan apartment in the financial district , a source with knowledge of the bail agreement said . Strauss-Kahn , who is accused of trying to rape a maid last week in his suite at the Sofitel hotel in New York , will stay with his wife , Anne Sinclair . "  We will have an increased staff presence in the building this weekend to ensure that the media , and the curious , are kept out of the building , " the general manager wrote . "  We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience . " CNN obtained the e-mail from a resident of the building . A two-bedroom apartment with 9-foot ceilings in the landmark 23-floor building with a doorman starts at $ 4,250 per month , according to a real estate website . The rental application asks , "  Do you or do any of your occupants have charges pending against you or against them for any criminal offense  s  ? " Strauss-Kahn faces two counts of criminal sexual act ; two counts of sexual abuse ; and one count each of attempt to commit rape , unlawful imprisonment and forcible touching . In the charge of criminal sexual act in the first degree , Strauss-Kahn is accused of having "  engaged in oral sexual conduct with an individual ... by forcible compulsion , " an indictment states . Supreme Court Judge Michael Obus ordered the release of the 62-year-old economist Friday over the objection of the prosecution , which said he is a flight risk . While Strauss-Kahn is in the apartment , he will not be able to leave except for medical reasons , Obus said . Once he is in a longer-term location , the former banker must give six hours ' notice before leaving . Defense lawyer William Taylor alluded to Strauss-Kahn 's reported failure to win approval to stay at another apartment in pleading Friday with members of the news media to grant his client privacy . "  The reason that he had to move is because members of the press attempted to invade his private residence and interfere with his family 's privacy , " Taylor said . The conditions of Strauss-Kahn 's release included he surrender his travel documents , submit to home detention , $ 1 million cash bail and $ 5 million bond . A document signed by bondsman Ira Judelson shows that the bond was secured by money from Sinclair . Judelson would not divulge what Sinclair put up as collateral . "  I feel very comfortable with the bail package  and  the family is , " Judelson told reporters . "  I worked with them all last night on putting this together . They 're good people . " On Friday , more details emerged about the alleged attack May 14 at the hotel . A law enforcement source with knowledge of the case said a room service attendant entered the suite shortly before the 32-year-old Guinean maid arrived . The room service attendant did n't think anyone was in the suite of rooms and used a pass key to let himself in to retrieve some room-service items , the source said . He told police he left the door ajar while inside , according to the source . When the maid showed up at the door about noon , the room-service attendant told her to enter , then departed , the source said . Once inside , the maid parked her cleaning cart in the doorway , as dictated by hotel policy . A short time later , Strauss-Kahn emerged naked from a room and attacked her , the victim has alleged . Prosecutors allege that Strauss-Kahn chased her through his suite , sexually assaulted her and tried to rape her . A criminal complaint states Strauss-Kahn shut the door at one point during the alleged attack . The law enforcement source said the maid escaped about 1:30 p.m. . About an hour before his 4:40 p.m. flight was to take off from John F. Kennedy International Airport for Paris , Strauss-Kahn called the hotel to say he had left his cell phone . He asked security to look for it in his room and to have it delivered to the airport , the source said . By then , police had been called to the hotel . Though hotel staff never found the phone , they followed police orders , telling Strauss-Kahn they had found it and would deliver it to him , the source said . Port Authority police took over from there , walking a compliant Strauss-Kahn from his first-class seat to a squad car at the airport , the source said . At the time , Strauss-Kahn was in the fourth year of a five-year term with the global financial institution and was paid $ 441,980 in 2010 , according to the most recent annual report . He also got $ 79,000 and first-class travel for him and his family while he was on company business . On Friday , the IMF said that Strauss-Kahn , who resigned , will receive a $ 250,000 separation payment and a "  modest annual pension " thereafter . We do n't disclose pension payments , " IMF spokesman William Murray said . "  But it is well below the separation payment figure . " The dean of the IMF executive board , Shakour Shaalan , announced Friday that the institution adopted a procedure to select its next managing director . In a statement , Shaalan said the board will meet with final candidates in Washington "  with the objective of completing the selection process by June 30 , 2011 . " Strauss-Kahn proclaimed innocence in a resignation letter to the IMF Executive Board late Wednesday . "  To all , I want to say that I deny with the greatest possible firmness all of the allegations that have been made against me , " he said . His next court appearance is set for June 6 . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Brian Vitagliano , Adam Reiss and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Apartment residents receive e-mail on temporary guest Strauss-Kahn is staying in a New York apartment after leaving Rikers Island jail Source : Strauss-Kahn is paying for a security guard to monitor him around the clock The IMF says it will try to select a new managing director by June 30
New York  CNN  -- The leaders of the top three U.S. intelligence agencies made an unusual joint public appearance Thursday to make a pitch for companies to cooperate more with the government in cybersecurity efforts , and defended the work their agencies do amid controversy over vast data mining programs that critics say invade Americans ' privacy . National Security Agency Director Gen. Keith Alexander , FBI Director Robert Mueller and CIA Director John Brennan said the government does its best to ensure the work their agencies do is focused on protecting the nation from harm , while respecting privacy . The three appeared at a cybersecurity conference at Fordham University , co-sponsored by the FBI 's New York field office . Alexander , whose agency is the focus of pressure following disclosures of secret programs by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , said his agency is working to address vulnerabilities from insiders , such as computer system administrators . Snowden 's work as a system administrator allowed him broad access to the NSA 's secrets . Silicon Valley to feds : Disclose your data requests He said the agency was working to reduce system administrators by 90 % though he acknowledged it was a difficult goal to reach . Much of what the system administrators do could be done by computers , he said , leaving humans to do the most important work to protect the systems . The conference of corporate and government cybersecurity managers made for a friendly audience , applauding the speakers when they defended the work the government was doing . Alexander won applause when he said the NSA programs have been "  grossly mischaracterized in the press " and that the system the U.S. government has come up with , working with the courts and Congress , works better than anywhere else in the world . Report : Microsoft collaborated closely with NSA He cited President Barack Obama 's comments on a late night talk show , saying of the controversial NSA programs : "  this is n't a domestic spy program " but rather a program to protect the nation from terrorists . The problem for the intelligence agencies , he said , is that terrorists use the same devices and communications methods as other people do . In light of the recent controversy , it 's important to know that "  No one has willfully or knowingly disobeyed the law , " Alexander said . How to hide your data from Internet snoops The word "  privacy " was n't mentioned until the last few minutes of the 90-minute program . When asked whether Americans had any expectation of privacy nowadays , Brennan said , "  I do believe privacy is important , but privacy can be defined in different ways . " Mueller urged companies to work with law enforcement to help protect crucial infrastructure from cybercriminals , who sometimes are sponsored by foreign state security agencies or criminal syndicates . The three men urged companies to support the Obama administration 's effort to pass cybersecurity legislation , an effort that has been sidelined in recent months amid the controversy . Read more : Germany ends information sharing pact with Britain , United States	NSA , FBI and CIA chiefs speak at conference They discuss cybersecurity efforts , challenges Private companies urged to safeguard infrastructure
CNN  -- A days-long wildfire had covered more than 78,000 acres of Alaska 's Kenai National Wildlife Refuge by early Saturday , a state agency said . The Funny River Fire began burning Monday evening and was 20 % contained by early Saturday , Alaska 's Interagency Incident Management Team said . No evacuations or injuries have been reported . There were more than 409 firefighters battling the blaze . Officials say access to the fire is difficult . Investigators suspect human action was the cause , but this is still under investigation . The refuge is in Soldotna , south of Anchorage . Kenai Peninsula Borough Spokesman Brad Nelson said there are two subdivisions in the area of the fire . The combined population of these localities is approximately 5,000 residents . What to know about wildfires	NEW : Wildfire scorches nearly 80,000 acres in Alaska NEW : Blaze was 20 % contained by early Saturday No evacuations or injuries have been reported
CNN  -- The crew of a Japan Airlines Dreamliner loaded with 181 passengers apparently was unaware of fuel spewing from a wing as the jetliner prepared to thunder down the runway on Tuesday in Boston . It was only due to an alert from the pilot of another plane that Flight 7 's takeoff for Tokyo was abandoned and the Boeing 787 towed to the gate , the second problem in two days for a JAL Dreamliner at Logan International Airport . An electrical fire on Monday damaged an empty Dreamliner on the same tarmac . The unusual twin incidents added to service questions about the highly touted plane that experienced a very difficult development and clearly has growing pains , according to safety experts . Boeing 's chief project engineer for the 787 said in a conference call with reporters Wednesday that he is "  100 percent convinced the airplane is safe to fly . " "  There are issues we have seen that we will need to work through , and just like any new airplane program we work through those issues and we move on , " said Mike Sinnett . The fuel leakage was due to an open valve , Japan Airlines spokeswoman Sze Hunn said Wednesday . The leak came from the left wing surge tank vent , Hunn said . "  Further inspection of the cockpit messages showed that one of four valves connecting the center tank and left main tank was opened and had resulted in fuel flowing from the center tank to the left main tank and subsequently into the surge tank near the wing tip and out the vent , " Hunn said . "  The valve that the indicator showed was opened  the left outboard refuel valve  , was deactivated/made inoperative and the flight was cleared to depart again , " Hunn said in a statement . Air traffic control recordings from LiveATC.net captured Tuesday 's incident as the the wide body was on the taxiway . "  Hey , that Japan Air may know it but they have fuel spewing out the leftward wing quite a bit , " the pilot of another plane told the control tower , which radioed the JAL crew and halted takeoff . "  You mean fuel leak from left wing ? " came the response from the JAL cockpit , according to LiveATC.net . "  Yes ... there appears to be a fuel leak from your left wing , " controllers said again . Airport fire and cleanup crews responded to the spill . The Federal Aviation Administration said it was investigating the matter , but the National Transportation Safety Board said it would not do so . More problems for Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner No safety board involvement indicated the reason behind the leak was probably determined quickly and remedied . The flight took off later in the day . It appears Monday 's electrical fire that injured a firefighter was a more pressing issue for investigators , the manufacturer and the global airline industry that has embraced the 787 as a technologically advanced and efficient long-haul aircraft . Fire in the belly of the aircraft broke out not long after arriving in Boston from Tokyo . All of the 172 passengers and 11 crew had already disembarked . Boeing said in a statement that the fire was traced to a battery unit that helps power electrical systems when the engines are idle -- typically while a plane is being serviced or cleaned . The Dreamliner was being readied at the time for a return flight to Japan . The battery unit sustained severe fire damage , the safety board said , adding that it had sent two additional investigators to Boston . Japan 's ministry of land and transportation ordered inspections of the same batteries in all Boeing 787s . So far , no irregularities have been found , but the results will be shared with U.S. authorities , the ministry said . United Airlines , a Dreamliner operator , inspected its six 787s following the Boston fire as a precaution , but would not comment further . Boeing said the fire appeared unrelated to previous problems involving 787 electrical power systems and that it was cooperating with the safety board . On Wednesday All Nippon Airways canceled a domestic flight in Japan because of an error message on the braking system of a 787 . An airline official said it was not a mechanical problem , but a computer error on the electric brake system controls . Passengers on the flight were moved to a later flight and the computer part will be replaced , an ANA official said . In previous incidents , one of the 787 test flight aircraft lost primary electrical power in 2010 and was forced to make an emergency landing in Texas . All aboard evacuated safely . An engine failed during tests on the ground in South Carolina last July and inspectors found a similar problem on another aircraft in September . In December , another new 787 operated by United diverted safely to New Orleans after experiencing mechanical problems . Some safety experts are concerned , but not alarmed , about the mechanical setbacks with the Dreamliner since its delivery to airlines beginning in 2011 , following years of manufacturing delays and cost overruns . They say new aircraft models often have "  growing pains . " Other experts have said any Dreamliner service problems would be magnified because of its problematic history during development . As the first commercial jetliner built mostly from lightweight carbon fiber , the twin-engine Dreamliner has been touted for fuel efficiency in an era of soaring fuel prices . It has attracted enormous interest from airlines , with most orders coming from overseas carriers initially . Boeing shares were off sharply on Wall Street relating to its Dreamliner problems this week . CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Aaron Cooper , Todd Sperry and Michael Martinez contributed to this report as did James O'Toole of CNN Money	NEW : Chief project engineer is "  100 percent convinced the airplane is safe to fly " The Boeing 787 's fuel leak was caused by an open valve , Japan Airlines says The incident follows an electrical fire on a different JAL Dreamliner in Boston The Dreamliner has been hit by a series of glitches following a difficult development
CNN  -- North Korea qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals for the first time since 1966 by battling to a 0-0 draw away to Saudi Arabia on Wednesday night . North Korea have qualified for the World Cup for the first time since 1966 . The point captured in searing temperatures in Riyadh , saw the Koreans edge into second place in Asian qualifying Group 2 to finish ahead of Saudi Arabia on goal difference and seal their place in the finals . It means both group winners South Korea , who co-hosted the World Cup with Japan in 2002 , and neighbors North Korea will play in the 2010 showpiece in South Africa . North Korea coach Kim Yong-Jun Kim had nothing but praise for his players after the final whistle . "  We focused on the defending as we had come under a lot of pressure from the Saudis and I think our preparation for the game was one factor that earned the victory tonight , " the North Korean boss told FIFA 's official Web site . "  We monitored the Saudi team from the beginning of our campaign and I noticed that they have a problem in finding good strikers . We battled to qualify for the World Cup finals and I would like to thank my players for the great performance that they showed during the whole match , " added Kim . "  It was so hot in Saudi Arabia and as you know the journey from Korea was long but our belief in the ability of the players snatched the ticket to South Africa , " Kim stated . The booking of North Korea 's ticket to the finale will see the reclusive nation compete against the world 's best despite growing international political concern regarding Pyongyang 's testing of a nuclear bomb recently . Their form in the tournament is one of upsetting the odds after they Italy 43 years ago en route to the quarter-finals . The home draw sees Saudi Arabia finish in third place to go into the playoffs where they will face Bahrain . The winners will play New Zealand for a place in the finals , while Iran miss out after finishing fourth in Group 2 . Earlier on Wednesday , they were denied a victory in Seoul as Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung scored a late equalizer to give South Korea a 1-1 draw . Iran took the lead from an own goal early in the second half against the group winners , but Park popped up to score a brilliant 81st minute goal as he beat several men before firing home . In Group 1 , Tim Cahill scored twice as Australia came from behind to beat Japan 2-1 to clinch top spot in the section . The result was academic as both teams had already sealed automatic qualification for the World Cup finals in South Africa . Japan went ahead in front of a big crowd of nearly 70,000 at the Melbourne Cricket Ground  MCG  as Marcus Tulio Tanaka headed home a Kengo Nakamura corner in the 40th minute . But the Socceroos , who went through qualifying unbeaten , hit back in the second half . Everton 's attacking midfielder Cahill again worked his scoring magic to secure the victory . He was on target in the 59th and 76th minutes to take his tally to 16 in 33 internationals . "  This is a step forward for us , it 's great to finish top of the group , " Cahill told FIFA.com after the win , while captain Lucas Neill paid tribute to their opponents . "  They really played the game with intensity and they were running us ragged for a bit and we could n't get ourselves in the game , " Neill said . Bahrain later clinched third spot in the group and their playoff spot with a 1-0 win over Uzbekistan . A 74th minute goal from Mahmood Abdulrahman from a free kick gave his side a crucial three points .	North Korea qualify from Group 2 with 0-0 draw against Saudi Arabia Australia top Group 1 of Asian qualifying with 2-1 win over Japan Bahrain clinch playoff spot from Group 1 with 1-0 win over Uzbekistan
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Muntadher al-Zaidi , the man seen as a hero in some circles for throwing his shoes at then-U.S. President George W. Bush , was sentenced to three years in prison Thursday by an Iraqi court . TV reporter Muntadher al-Zaidi , shown in a file photo , was jailed after throwing his shoes at President Bush . Al-Zaidi threw his shoes at Bush during a news conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in December in Baghdad . Neither shoe hit the president , and other people in the room quickly knocked al-Zaidi to the ground before security officials arrested him . Family members and journalists were cleared from the courtroom before Thursday 's verdict . After news of the verdict reached family members , al-Zaidi 's brother appeared close to fainting . Other family members were seen crying and shouting curses about al-Maliki and Bush . Watch al-Zaidi 's family protest the sentence " Al-Zaidi was a journalist who worked for the television network al-Baghdadia . The network also called for his release shortly after the incident . He explained his actions during an hourlong appearance last month in the Central Criminal Court of Iraq . Asked whether anyone pushed or motivated him , al-Zaidi said he was spurred by the "  violations that are committed against the Iraqi people . " In the Middle East , throwing shoes at someone is traditionally a sign of contempt . Al-Zaidi 's angry gesture touched a defiant nerve throughout the Arab and Muslim world . He is regarded by many people as a hero , and demonstrators took to the streets in the Arab world and called for his release shortly after the incident . Al-Zaidi , who faced a charge of assaulting a visiting head of state , had 17 lawyers to defend him . There were also three judges in the courtroom , along with the prosecutor and family members . In December , his defense team told CNN that he could face 15 years in prison if convicted . But al-Zaidi 's defense team was hoping to change his charge to an insult rather than assault , which would have brought about three months in prison rather than three years . CNN 's Yousif Bassil and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Muntadher al-Zaidi gets three years in prison for throwing shoes at President Bush Throwing shoes at someone is sign of contempt in Middle East Al-Zaidi said he was upset over violations committed against Iraqis
CNN  -- The chief executive of American Airlines , which has grounded almost 2,500 flights over the past three days , accepted "  full responsibility " Thursday for failing to meet government inspection standards . "  I am profoundly sorry that we 've gotten ourselves into this situation , and I thank our customers for their patience under very difficult circumstances , " American CEO Gerard Arpey said Thursday afternoon . The airline canceled 933 flights on MD-80 jets Thursday and announced 570 would be scrapped Friday . Potential wiring hazards in wheel wells that could cause fires or problems with landing gear prompted the action . American canceled several hundred flights for the same reason about two weeks ago . Earlier Thursday , American said it expected all of its MD-80 jets to be flight-worthy by Saturday night . The airline has offered to make amends to travelers with refunds , vouchers and compensation for overnight stays . The cancellations have delayed and stranded more than 140,000 passengers . Roger Frizzell , an airline spokesman , said the inspections involve technical compliance as opposed to flight safety . Watch how air travelers deal with disruptions " Although American was most affected by the inspections , the Federal Aviation Administration 's orders for safety checks have also affected Southwest Airlines , United Airlines , Delta Air Lines , Alaska Airlines and Midwest Airlines , which was the latest airline to ground planes : 13 on Thursday . The FAA launched its inspection campaign in March , after CNN obtained documents given to congressional investigators that showed more than 100 Southwest aircraft had not had mandatory safety inspections . At a Capitol Hill hearing Thursday , the head of the Federal Aviation Administration 's safety division , Nicholas Sabatini , was told that his agency 's performance was woeful . "  I think -LSB- it 's -RSB- approaching losing the confidence of the American people and the Congress , " said Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia . Lawmakers said the agency has become too close to the airline industry . Sabatini defended the FAA 's record but said any lapse was cause for concern . "  We found we had achieved 99 percent safety compliance , " he told lawmakers . But , he added , "  It 's the other 1 percent that keeps me up at night . " Passengers scheduled to fly on an American Airlines MD-80 between Tuesday and Friday can receive a full refund or apply the value of their ticket to a future flight , the airline said . People who stayed overnight as a result of a canceled flight can go to the company 's Web site to inquire about receiving compensation . Arpey said that the MD-80 has been a great plane for American Airlines and that the inspection problems should have "  no impact on our long-term fleet plan . " "  The FAA is stepping up their surveillance and doing their job , " Arpey said . "  In this case , we failed to get it right , and we 're trying very hard to get it right . " He said American plans to hire an independent consultant to examine the company 's inspection system . Meanwhile , airports are doing their best to keep frustrated travelers happy . "  Getting stuck at the airport is not like a day at the beach , but we sure are trying to make passengers as comfortable as possible , " said Ken Capps , vice president of public affairs for Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport in Texas . Eateries were staying open all night , some provided free pastries and coffee , and some even handed out diapers . The situation at American 's hub at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago , Illinois , "  was what you might see on a normal Thursday morning , " CNN 's Susan Roesgen reported . American employees handing out free coffee and granola bars found few takers . Watch a report from O'Hare " At Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in Atlanta , Georgia , American passengers reported frustration but complimented the carrier 's efforts to get them to their destinations . "  We were rerouted , " said Chad Duncan of San Angelo , Texas , who was in Georgia to watch practice rounds of the Masters golf tournament . "  They were very helpful and everything , but it 's frustrating . Instead of having one stopover , we now have three . " E-mail to a friend	NEW : American Airlines says 570 flights will be canceled Friday "  I am profoundly sorry , " chief executive of American Airlines says American expects all of its MD-80 jets to be flight-worthy by Saturday night Alaska Airlines , Midwest Airlines cancel flights Thursday for safety checks
CNN  -- Defending English Premier League champions Manchester City had to come from behind twice to snatch a 2-2 draw at improved Liverpool Sunday . Liverpool stumbled to a 3-0 defeat at West Bromwich Albion on the opening day of the season , but could count themselves unfortunate not to claim three points at Anfield . Martin Skrtel headed them ahead from a Steven Gerrard corner after 34 minutes , but the visitors drew level after Yaya Toure capitalized on hesitancy just after the hour mark . Liverpool responded almost immediately as a long-range free kick from Luis Suarez eluded City goalkeeper Joe Hart to put them 2-1 ahead . Man Utd and pacesetting Chelsea win But they could not hold their lead and in the 80th minute Skrtel was the villain as his back pass fell short of Pepe Reina and Carlos Tevez swooped to round the home goalkeeper and equalize . Both sides had chances to claim three points in a frantic finish with substitute Andy Carroll 's header cleared off the line by City 's new signing Jack Rodwell . Joe Allen , one of new manager Brendan Rogers ' summer acquisitions , had a fine game on his Anfield debut . "  Here at Anfield the atmosphere was fantastic , as I expected . I 'm looking forward to playing here this season . "  The style of Brendan 's play is a big , positive factor for everyone , and the players are looking forward to playing under Brendan Rodgers , " he told Sky Sports . Arsenal drew blank for the second straight EPL fixture after being held to a 0-0 draw at Stoke in the earlier kickoff Sunday . Arsenal , third last season , lost star striker Robin van Persie to rivals Manchester United in the close season and have lacked a cutting edge in their opening two fixtures . Stoke , who drew 1-1 at Reading in their opener , also have two points after two games to lie 11th in the early table with Arsenal 12th . "  It 's never a disaster to win a point at Stoke , " Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger claimed after the match , urging patience as his new signing s Olivier Giroud and Lukas Podolski bed in .	Champions Man City held to 2-2 draw at Liverpool City twice behind as Martin Skrtel and Luis Suarez score Yaya Toure and Carlos Tevez with the equalizers Arsenal held goalless at Stoke for second straight draw
CNN  -- I hesitated . I vacillated . I fluctuated . I scratched , spat , sucked on sunflower seeds , adjusted my cup  coffee  , wiped dirt from my palms onto my pants , tried to do what a ballplayer would do . I dug in , waggled my pen , stared at my baseball Hall of Fame ballot like I 'd like to kill it . Do I vote for HIM ? No , he cheated and got caught . Do I vote for HIM ? I do n't know ... . he was just suspected of cheating . How about HIM ? No , he did n't get enough hits . But what about HIM ? He got a whole lot of hits , but was he as good as HIM ? This guy 's on the ballot for the first time . Whereas that guy 's on it for the 15th and last time . This guy 's a jackass , a jerk . Oh , man , though , could he hit . This guy 's a pleasure , a prince . But he sure could n't hit like that guy . And , whoa , that guy could pitch . So could this guy , but sure was n't that guy . I voted . I mailed it . I even stuck a Willie Stargell forever stamp on the envelope , although the postage was already on it . I waited . I wondered . Who would make it ? Barry Bonds , yes or no ? Roger Clemens , yes or no ? Mike Piazza ? Sammy Sosa ? Craig Biggio ? Jeff Bagwell ? Jack Morris ? Maybe none ? NONE ??? Yes , I kept hearing as the December 31 vote deadline passed , very possibly not a one . Wednesday , the news came . The non-news . Whatever you want to call it . Yes , the answer was no . No to all . No to the man with 762 home runs . No to the pitcher who won 354 games . No to the hitter who got 3,060 hits . Bonds  762 homers , most ever  struck out . He needed 427 votes . He got 206 . Eight other guys on the ballot got more votes than he did . Clemens  354 wins  got lit up . He got 214 . Three other pitchers got more votes than he did . Biggio ,  3,060 hits  came closest . He got 388 , fell a mere 39 votes shy of a date in Cooperstown , New York , with a nice , bronzed bust and plaque . It was like he won all the electoral votes he needed except Florida and Ohio . He gave it a great shot . Maybe next time . I could try to justify it . I could try to explain it . I wo n't . I ca n't . It is an election . Everybody has a right to be wrong . A total of 569 ballots were cast . Five were turned in blank . I guess those voters have their reasons , bizarre as they are . A total of 37 names were on the ballot . No one won . I do n't know why . I ca n't tell you why one of those 569 voters gave a yes to Aaron Sele , a pitcher who won 148 games . I have no problem with Aaron Sele , but if he is a Hall of Famer , I am the husband of the Duchess of Cambridge . Will I reveal my own vote ? No , I wo n't . Not even whether I voted for Clemens and Bonds ? OK , dammit , I did . Baseball writers balk at Hall of Fame class of '13 I am not necessarily proud of it . I was not 100 % sure which way to go . I crunched the numbers on a number of the candidates , tried to weigh their qualifications , make up my mind if a guy was a Hall of Famer or merely wonderful . No such crunch was necessary for Clemens or Bonds . Their stats were insane . Off the charts . I generally know a Hall of Famer when I see one , and whenever I saw those two guys , I saw two . But each had an asterisk . * * Not a real asterisk . A make-believe asterisk . Or more of a question mark , I guess . Cheater ? Charlatan ? Liar ? Fraud ? Neither of them , in my opinion , were proven beyond a shadow of a doubt to have broken baseball 's laws and rules . We can do the "  you know and I know they did " thing all day long , but neither Barry Bonds nor Roger Clemens was ever banned , suspended or disciplined by Major League Baseball for being a steroids cheat . Others got caught red-handed . Busted . Banished from the field for a specified period the way Hall of Fame candidate Rafael Palmeiro was and the way future Hall of Fame candidate Manny Ramirez was . I ca n't look the same way at the accused the way I do at the convicted . I know , or know of , a lot of my brother and sister voters . I know they know baseball , love it , put a lot of thought into it . Here is a partial list of Baseball Writers ' Association of America members who publicly acknowledged that they did cast votes for Clemens and Bonds : Barry Bloom , Jim Caple , Chris De Luca , Gordon Edes , Jeff Fletcher , Gerry Fraley , Paul Hagen , Tom Haudricourt , Mike Imrem , Bruce Jenkins , Richard Justice , Tim Kawakami , Tom Keegan , Tim Kurkjian , Carrie Muskat , Bob Nightengale , Ian O'Connor , Buster Olney , Rob Parker , Joe Posnanski , Ron Rapoport , Tracy Ringolsby , Henry Schulman , Claire Smith , Jayson Stark , Dave Van Dyck . Now here is a partial list of BBWAA voters who said no to Clemens and Bonds : Mike Bass , Michael Bauman , Hal Bodley , Murray Chass , Pedro Gomez , Mark Gonzales , Scot Gregor , Ken Gurnick , Jon Heyman , Phil Hersh , Ann Killion , Wallace Matthews , Bruce Miles , Scott Miller , Fred Mitchell , Terence Moore , Mike Nadel , Marty Noble , Mark Purdy , Phil Rogers , Ken Rosenthal , Bob Ryan , Dan Shaughnessy , Paul Sullivan , Rick Telander , Tom Verducci , Charlie Vincent . They ca n't ALL be wrong . I have been maintaining since I began voting in the late 1980s that there are three kinds of professional baseball players -- the good , the great and the immortal . You can not play baseball for a living without being good . You can become great , or you can even become one of the greatest of all time . Bonds and Clemens are among the greatest of all time , without a doubt . But they have extenuating circumstances . Biggio never seemed a mortal lock to be an immortal the way Bonds and Clemens do , but I can not tell you in a million years why 181 voters did not put a check mark by his name .  I did . Nor do I have a clue where the Hall of Fame goes from here . It took Bert Blyleven and Jim Rice a ridiculous number of tries to become Hall of Famers , but they made it . It took 15 ballot failures and a couple of post-election rejections before Ron Santo made it , but he made it . Posthumously , but he made it . I hear TV and radio announcers call a player "  a surefire Hall of Famer " and I have no idea what universe they reside in that permits their mouths to form these words . There is no such thing as a surefire Hall of Famer any more . Greg Maddux will be on the ballot next year . Frank Thomas will , too . If either of them fails , I will eat my cap . I will never , ever , ever refer to either as "  a surefire Hall of Famer , " however , because that ship has sailed . The voters have spoken , as politicians have put it . I know there are millions of you who hate the way it came out . I do , too . Baseball is not supposed to be a game in which nobody wins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Not one of the 37 players on the 2013 ballot will be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame Mike Downey : "  You can not play baseball for a living without being good " Downey says there is no proof Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens broke baseball 's rules Downey : "  Baseball is not supposed to be a game in which nobody wins "
CNN  -- The man accused in Tuesday 's shooting at Purdue University was found sitting in a hallway , bloody and with his hands behind his head , authorities said in documents filed Thursday supporting a murder charge . Cody Cousins , 23 , is accused of killing teaching assistant Andrew Boldt in front of several people in the school 's electrical engineering building . Authorities say Boldt was stabbed and shot . Investigators recovered a handgun , spent bullet casings and a knife , according to an affidavit that accompanies the formal charge of murder filed Thursday in Tippecanoe Superior Court . Cousins was scheduled to appear in court on Thursday for an initial hearing . Boldt will be buried on Tuesday . Authorities have not disclosed a motive .	Purdue shooting suspect found waiting in hallway , hands behind head , police say Cody Cousins is accused of stabbing , shooting Andrew Boldt He was formally charged on Thursday Authorities have n't released a motive
CNN  -- The 19 "  hotshot " firefighters killed in Arizona on June 30 were trained to get close to a blaze , dig barriers and clear out the brush that otherwise would fuel it . But a sudden shift in the Yarnell Hill Fire 's direction trapped the group . The deaths are under investigation , but officials have said it appears the 19 were forced to lie down under blankets meant to protect against flames and heat as a last resort against an inferno that overwhelmed them . Just one member of the elite 20-man wildfire-fighting crew survived . It was the deadliest day for U.S. firefighters since the 9/11 attacks . Now the firefighters ' families -- many with small children -- must figure out how to cope , as they mourn their losses . There are organizations that assist the families of lost firefighters , and several are already mobilized for the families of the Prescott , Arizona-based crew . Ronald Siarnicki is the executive director of one such group , the National Fallen Firefighters Foundation . "  In general , needs end up being the same for fallen firefighters , no matter where it is in the country . The immediate needs are going to be some financial support to help them deal with costs associated with the death . Oftentimes the firefighter is the main breadwinner in the household , so you 've got to worry about food on the table , shoes for the kids and those kinds of things , " Siarnicki says . The foundation also helps with the necessary paperwork for each family as well as providing emotional support . "  We use survivors from other line-of-duty death incidents to be in our survivor support network , and we kind of match survivors up from previous events with the new families , so they have somebody to talk to . Sometimes they just need somebody who understands what they 're going through , " explains Siarnicki , who was a firefighter in Prince George 's County , Maryland , for 24 years . Siarnicki 's group also helps the children of fallen firefighters cope with their loss , because they often do n't understand the spotlight such an event puts them under . There are also long-term needs for the entire family to help rebuild their lives . The foundation holds conferences to teach life skills and financial planning . Siarnicki says the 19 firefighters lost in Arizona were a special breed -- like many others who choose to be firefighters . "  The fire service is a very dangerous profession , whether you 're career or volunteer , wildlands or industrial or even military firefighters . We understand the risks to being a firefighter and we accept those . And we try to do everything humanly possible to prevent tragic occurrences , but unfortunately they do occur . And so our families kind of know that . " "  And so there is a bonding effect within the fire service , " Siarnicki continues . "  There is that fire service family . And I think the uniqueness of that is we function as a team . A fire crew , you know , they live together , sleep together , eat together , laugh together , go home to their families , but when they 're at work , there 's a secondary family . And both of those have very special unique bonds . " Additional groups also offering support to the families of the Prescott hotshots are : Prescott Firefighter 's Charities 100 Club of Arizona Wildland Firefighter Foundation	The memorial service for 19 firefighters who died in Arizona is on July 9 The hotshot firefighters left behind families who need help now Several organizations are on the ground in Prescott helping these families cope Head of one support group says the help these families need will be long-term
CNN  -- Boxing great Oscar De La Hoya says he 's back in rehab . It 's not the first stint in rehab for De La Hoya , 40 , who has previously spoken about problems with drug and alcohol abuse . The world-champion boxer announced he had entered treatment just days before Canelo Alvarez , who De La Hoya 's Golden Boy Promotions represents , is set to square off against Floyd Mayweather . "  Canelo Alvarez and I have big fights coming up this weekend . His is in the ring and mine in treatment , " De La Hoya said in a written statement Tuesday . "  I will not be at the fight to cheer Canelo to victory since I have voluntarily admitted myself into a treatment facility . " He said he had explained the situation to Alvarez . "  He understood that my health and longterm recovery from my disease must come first , " De La Hoya said . "  Thank you for your understanding . I ask for your support and privacy during this difficult time for me and my family . " CNN 's David Close contributed to this report .	Oscar De La Hoya announces he 's in rehab "  I have voluntarily admitted myself into a treatment facility , " he says The boxer has previously admitted problems with drug and alcohol abuse
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Tiffany Sessions was a 20-year-old junior studying economics at the University of Florida in Gainesville when she decided to go out for a run . She never came back . College student Tiffany Sessions has been missing since February 9 , 1989 . Sessions left her off-campus apartment about 6 p.m. February 9 , 1989 . She told her roommate she 'd be back shortly and took her Walkman with her . It was the last time anyone would see her . That was 20 years ago , a time when no one had cell phones , Blackberries or Web sites to aid in tracking a missing or abducted person . The only clues came from people who recalled seeing a young woman fitting Sessions ' description walking down the main street just before dusk . Sessions ' jogging route usually took her down Gainesville 's main street to a small dirt trail that cut through the woods . The loop was 1 1/2 miles each way and took her about an hour . Police and family believe that she was abducted near the woods . After extensive searches , no clues were found : not her remains , not her Walkman , not the clothes she was wearing . "  Much of the area in the last decade has been paved over , with new construction , making a search today very difficult , " said Detective Bob Dean of the Alachua County Sheriff 's Office . However , investigators are still searching and working this case actively . Searchers were out as recently as late December , seeking clues with newer technologies . "  We have used ground sonar equipment , even , " Dean said . Over the years , there have been some possible suspects -- people who came forward and confessed -- but police have ruled them out as credible suspects . One potential suspect was a man who was in jail for killing a 5-year-old girl . He 'd written a letter to police , claiming he was responsible for Tiffany Sessions ' disappearance . But when questioned later by police , he denied writing the letter , even though handwriting analysis indicated that he had . "  Although police do n't think so , I still believe this guy could have something to do with my daughter 's disappearance , " said Patrick Sessions , Tiffany 's father . According to Patrick Sessions , who has been closely involved with the police investigating his daughter 's case , the man who confessed was a sex offender who had been released just a month and a half before Tiffany Sessions disappeared . The cold case unit of the Alachua County Sheriff 's Office has taken over this case . Patrick Sessions observed the 20th anniversary of his daughter 's disappearance by making renewed appeals through the media . Police and family urge anyone with more information about Tiffany Sessions or information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for her disappearance to call the tip line at 352-367-4161 . A $ 25,000 reward is offered . Tiffany Sessions was last seen wearing red sweatpants , a white sweatshirt with the word "  Aspen " on it , a gold Rolex watch and a black Sony Walkman . She was 5 ' 3 " and weighed 125 pounds at the time of her disappearance . She has blonde hair and brown eyes .	Tiffany Sessions went out for a run February 9 , 1989 , and disappeared She was jogging in Gainesville , Florida , where she attended college Police never found a trace of her ; woods have been paved over Have a tip ? Call 352-367-4161 . A $ 25,000 reward is offered
CNN  -- Macmillan Publishing has decided to do "  A Little Something Different " by crowd-sourcing and letting readers pick some of the books it will publish . The publisher 's aptly titled Swoon Reads imprint targets readers in the market for a good young adult romance . Fans of young adult fiction are a passionate community and they know what they like . Jean Feiwel , a veteran of children 's publishing known for her work with popular series like "  The Baby-Sitter 's Club " and "  Goosebumps , " was eager to find a new way to hear what readers want . After witnessing the success of self-published authors like Colleen Hoover and Abbi Glines , Feiwel realized that much of the talent being surfaced by readers was n't reaching her or other publishers through agents . She wanted to establish a direct way for readers and writers to connect with Macmillan and fill the gap . Two years ago , she put out a call for Macmillan employees to attend a lunch meeting about how Macmillan could find these teen romance stories . Soon , the book version of "  American Idol " was born , built by volunteers within the company who had a passion for young adult fiction . The Swoon Reads site launched in September 2013 . Unpublished writers submitted their manuscripts and users read and voted on their favorite stories , using comments and a Swoon index measuring the emotions the stories triggered . Out of the reader favorites , Swoon Read 's team of editors would award publishing contracts to a few writers each season . Feiwel 's goal is six books a year from Swoon , selected from the voting pool for spring/summer , fall and winter . While Swoon Reads is focused only on romantic young adult fiction , Macmillan Children 's Publishing Group President Jon Yaged believes the crowd-sourcing model could work for other genres like sci-fi , mystery and romance -- anything with a "  rabid reader base that is engaged and eager to share their opinions . " The first book published was Sandy Hall 's "  A Little Something Different " in August . Hall , a librarian who specializes in books for teens , saw Feiwel talking about Swoon and its quest for fresh manuscripts in an interview . As a librarian , Hall had a good idea of what teens were looking for and not finding . One student expressed a desire to read about two characters with parallel lives who ca n't seem to meet . Hall wondered what the familiar trope might look like if told from multiple perspectives of people who witness the two characters ' missed connections . After a couple of weeks of planning , Hall wrote the story in six days and submitted it to Swoon in November 2013 . "  I do n't think I 'll ever have that kind of magic again , " she said . Hall started seeing feedback soon after posting the story and she became obsessed with checking the comments and ranking . "  There is something to be said about constructive criticism from strangers , because they are n't worried about ending the friendship , " Hall said . "  And what 's great about Swoon is when a story starts to gain traction , the whole community takes notice . " On a snowy day in February , Hall found out she had been awarded a publishing contract . Feiwel said that Hall 's story connected with Swoon readers and the editorial staff because of its quirky points of view and refreshing lightness . Hall and other Swoon writers have formed a debut author support group , sharing advice , asking questions and exchanging laughs over email and social media . The group will continue to grow as Swoon publishes more writers . It 's exactly the kind of community Feiwel envisioned for Swoon . "  Writers who are new to writing can get a nurturing community , so that they learn how to write and they are benefiting from being on the site whether they get published or not , " Feiwel said . "  People are commenting on their work in a constructive way and helping them . " Feiwel and her team post writing advice on the Swoon blog to mentor and encourage users on the art of crafting stories . They also want to "  pull back the curtain " on the publishing industry for writers . Swoon Reads has hired Lauren Scobell , former consumer marketing director at Nickelodeon , as its director . This enables Feiwel to focus on her imprint , Feiwel and Friends , as well as think more creatively about opportunities for Swoon . In this venture , the publishing industry is learning , too . "  When we go to edit the books that we 've chosen , we gather the reader comments and many times they say things that we have n't thought of , " Feiwel said . "  They 're choosing book covers we would n't have chosen . We are really cultivating a community of writers and readers and we 're grateful to the readers -- they 're doing a lot of the commenting , a lot of the work and expanding the definition of what we know appeals to people . "	Swoon Reads lets readers vote on the books they want published The first book published by Swoon was "  A Little Something Different " in August Swoon will publish 6 books a year ; the new model opens up the industry , says a publisher
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Search operations resumed Monday for six U.S. citizens missing since their small plane crashed Sunday evening off the north coast of Puerto Rico . The U.S. Coast Guard found debris late Sunday night in the area where the single-engine Cessna 206 went down , half a nautical mile from the shoreline of the city of Quebradillas . But despite five searches Sunday and two others throughout the night , rescue crews were not able to find the pilot or the five passengers from the plane , the Coast Guard said Monday . Three searches are planned for Monday , said Coast Guard spokesman Ricardo Castrodad . The private plane , chartered by Tropical Aviation Corp. , took off from the Dominican Republic and was on its way to an airport in Puerto Rico when it went down Sunday evening , officials said . Three male and two female passengers were returning to Puerto Rico after spending the weekend in the Dominican Republic , said Noemi Corporan , service manager for Tropical Aviation Corp. . The passengers were San Juan residents and had flown to the Dominican Republic on Friday , she said . Four HH-65 Dolphin helicopters from Coast Guard Air Station Borinquen and the Coast Guard Cutter Matinicus are taking part in the search , said spokesman Castrodad . The airplane took off from Casa de Campo International Airport in the Dominican Republic and was supposed to land at the Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport in Carolina to clear U.S. Customs before going on to the Isla Grande Airport in San Juan , the Coast Guard said . A 911 emergency operator notified the Coast Guard at 6:51 p.m. Sunday that an aircraft had crashed into the waters off Quebradillas . The debris field was found around 10:30 p.m.	NEW : Three searches are planned for Monday , according to Coast Guard Coast Guard found debris that might come from downed Cessna Rescue crews have yet to find Americans despite seven searches The pilot and five passengers took off from the Dominican Republic
CNN  -- Ireland 's government-backed "  bad bank " is taking on 16 billion euros  $ 21.5 billion  in debt from five troubled Irish banks -- a first step toward buying 81 billion euros  $ 109 billion  in bad loans , the government announced . The National Asset Management Agency , as the "  bad bank " is officially known , will pay 8.5 billion euros  $ 11.4 billion  for the first 16 billion euros in debt , it said Tuesday . The move takes 1,200 loans off the books of Irish Nationwide Building Society , EBS Building Society , Bank of Ireland , Allied Irish Banks and Anglo Irish Bank . The first two banks ' debts were taken over on Monday and the other three institutions ' bad loans should be transferred by early April , NAMA said . Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan gave a sobering assessment of the banks ' health Tuesday . "  I understand why many want us to close " Anglo Irish Bank , which lost huge sums in property lending , he told lawmakers . "  I understand the impulse to obliterate it from the system . " But , he said , "  the sums required to rescue the bank are enormous but the costs of winding it down are even greater . " The government has already replaced the management of the bank . Lenihan hinted broadly that the government will take over Allied Irish Bank , which he said must raise "  additional equity capital of at least 7.4 billion euros  $ 9.9 B  by the end of the year . " "  If sufficient private capital is not available , it is probable that the state will have a majority shareholding in Allied Irish Bank as a listed entity , but this is much more preferable than an under-capitalized or only adequately-capitalized entity , " he said . The government is seeking to sell Irish Nationwide or merge it with another entity as soon as possible , after having taken it over earlier , he said . The Bank of Ireland "  expects to be able to raise private capital and is well advanced in its actions to address its capital needs , " and EBS is in talks with "  a private party " about raising market capital , he added . The move is part of an Irish government response to the global financial crisis , which hit Ireland particularly hard . The government expects to complete the purchase of the 81 billion euros in debt by February of next year , a deadline set by the European Union , NAMA said . Borrowers whose loans have been acquired by NAMA will be required to submit a comprehensive business plan in accordance with NAMA 's template within one month outlining how they propose to honor their loan commitments , NAMA chief executive Brendan McDonagh said in a statement . If the plans are not submitted or not approved , "  NAMA will take whatever actions it considers necessary to protect the interests of the taxpayer , " he said . CNN 's Jim Boulden and Eve Parish contributed to this report .	Move takes 1,200 loans off books NAMA : Government expects to complete purchase of 81 billion euros in debt by February
Netflix users who stream video to their televisions will be seeing a major overhaul in the next few days . The company has announced what it 's calling the biggest update ever for its more than 40 million streaming customers , rolling out a more visually rich design that will be the same regardless of what kind of device is used to bring videos from the Internet to the TV . "  This is the biggest change in how Netflix looks on a TV , " said Chris Jaffe , Netflix 's vice president of product innovation . Netflix says that the majority of the 1 billion hours of video its users stream each month is viewed on televisions , via TV apps or devices like the Roku , Blu-ray players or gaming consoles . Under the new format , which began rolling out Wednesday , clicking on a show or movie will call up a full-page description , with multiple images and an explanation of why Netflix recommended it for you . Descriptions of the videos will be sharper , Netflix says , and users who choose to let Netflix access their social-media profiles will get recommendations based on their activity and friends ' activity , as well as on videos they 've watched in the past . Until now , most versions of Netflix streaming looked like a relatively flat grid , consisting of row after row of suggestions based , generally , on what kind of videos had been streamed by the user in the past . "  The new interface , which has been two years in the making , is a visually striking departure from the familiar grid of movie tiles and boxes , and it is designed to be mirror the experience of TV watching : you click the remote and something happens , " wrote Miguel Helft in Fortune . Other new features include expanded support for Netflix Profiles , a way to let people in the same household customize their experience , and support for voice controls on Xbox 360 . Post-Play , the feature that automatically starts the next episode of a TV show you 're watching or suggests others when you 're done , also is being redesigned . Netflix says the update will take about two weeks to reach all devices , which include PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , Roku 3 , and new and future smart TVs and Blu-ray players . Some older smart TVs and Blu-ray players may receive the new look if manufacturers update them , and the overhaul will be added for the Roku 2 box early next year . One set-top box that wo n't be getting the update is Apple TV . That system has "  specific templates that are set by Apple , " according to Netflix . Netflix says it has more than 31 million U.S. subscribers to its streaming service , plus almost 10 million international subscribers .	Netflix is getting more visual on TV with a major new update The overhaul is the company 's biggest ever for TV , a spokesman says Clicking a show or movie will give a full-page description with images The new user interface is available across multiple devices and consoles
CNN  -- Let 's play a little game . Which of the following signs did protestors hold at the March on Washington , 50 years ago this week , and which were held up this year by fast-food workers : 1 . "  WE MARCH FOR HIGHER MINIMUM WAGES COVERAGE FOR ALL WORKERS NOW ! " 2 . "  WE ARE WORTH MORE " 3 . "  I AM A MAN " 4 . "  WE MARCH FOR JOBS FOR ALL A DECENT PAY NOW ! " The exclamation points , which apparently were more popular in the 1960s  despite what Twitter would have you believe !!!  , are your best clue . Signs one and four are from 1963 . Two and three are from 2013 . Fifty years later , it 's easy to forget that the full name of the 1963 "  March on Washington " was actually "  The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . " Sutter : 99 must-reads on economic inequality But flip through some pictures from that rally , where Martin Luther King Jr. gave his famous "  I Have A Dream " speech and where civil rights leaders , to borrow his words , bent the arc of history towards justice and greater equality , and you 'll see protest signs that put the economy as a front-and-center issue , just as it is now . "  CIVIL RIGHTS PLUS FULL EMPLOYMENT EQUALS FREEDOM . " President Obama , in commemorating the 50th anniversary of that march this week , smartly picked up on the theme that economic equality is "  the great unfinished business " of King 's vision for a just and fair America . " ... -LSB- A -RSB- s we mark this anniversary , we must remind ourselves that the measure of progress for those who marched 50 years ago was not merely how many blacks had joined the ranks of millionaires ; it was whether this country would admit all people who were willing to work hard , regardless of race , into the ranks of a middle-class life , " Obama said Wednesday . "  The test was not and never has been whether the doors of opportunity are cracked a bit wider for a few . It was whether our economic system provides a fair shot for the many , for the black custodian and the white steelworker , the immigrant dishwasher and the Native American veteran . " The subtext of his argument : Class may be the new race . It 's not that all battles for racial equality have been won -- they have n't -- or that we live in a post-racial society . But , in some remarkable and troubling ways , class has become an increasingly significant barrier to equality in modern America . The gap between rich and poor has been growing in the United States since the late 1970s , and our level of income inequality , one proxy measure for that gap , is now on par with many sub-Saharan African countries . Sutter : Who cares about the economy ? ... You ! It 's become more difficult for the poor to move up into the middle class and more difficult for the middle to dig in its heels to stop from slipping into poverty . The American mantra of "  work hard and you 'll get ahead " is not always enough to sustain people . It 's harder now to secure a financial future . This is the theme that underlies much of what 's happening in America today . And it 's something that goes back much farther than the recent recession . The fast-food workers , for example , who scheduled demonstrations across the country on Thursday , are frustrated by the fact that they ca n't make ends meet on $ 7.25 per hour . If you doubt whether that 's true , please take a look at one fast-food worker 's budget . Some workers , as Forbes reports , have to choose between paying for rent or food . "  Should I pay my light bill  or  should I pay my gas ? " one fast-food worker asks in this CNNMoney video . "  I never can pay it all at once . " "  Right now the gas is off , " she says . The workers demand a living wage of $ 15 per hour . I 'm not sure what the fair wage would be . That 's the subject for another column ... or perhaps a book . But I do know that , as The Atlantic reports , fast-food workers in Australia make $ 14.50 an hour , about twice the U.S. minimum wage . And burgers have n't become too expensive Down Under . Some context is helpful for understanding that movement as well . The U.S. minimum wage is actually lower than it was in the late 1960s . Five years after King 's speech in front of the Lincoln Memorial , the federal minimum wage , when converted into 2013 dollars , was $ 10.70 , compared to $ 7.25 now .  The nominal minimum wage , according to the Congressional Research Service , was only $ 1.60 per hour in 1968 . The $ 10.70 amount is adjusted for inflation  . Sutter : White House should pay its interns Education is another example . There 's evidence poverty is a better indicator of educational achievement than race . "  According to a 2011 research study by Stanford sociologist Sean Reardon , the test-score gap between the children of the poor  in the 10th percentile of income  and the children of the wealthy  in the 90th percentile  has expanded by as much as 40 % and is now more than 50 % larger than the black-white achievement gap -- a reversal of the trend 50 years ago , " Sarah Garland writes for The Atlantic . "  Underprivileged children now languish at achievement levels that are close to four years behind their wealthy peers . " Four years behind their peers . Just because of their income . That challenges the very notion of who we are as Americans . We see ourselves as a middle-class country -- a place where anyone can work hard and succeed . And many do . We 're a country of fighters . But it 's become more difficult for the non-rich to make it . The country has made great strides toward racial equality since the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom . But , in the 50 years since King 's speech , economic justice seems to have become the more distant dream . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Fast-food workers scheduled protests across the country this week John Sutter : Class seems to be the social justice issue of our time It 's been 50 years since the "  March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom " Economic justice remains a distant dream for many , Sutter says
CNN  In his first public remarks since being accused of having sex with an underage American woman , Britain Prince Andrews briefly addressed the allegation before a crowd in Davos , Switzerland . "  Firstly , I think I must , want , for the record to refer to the events that have taken place in the last three weeks . And I just wish to reiterate and to reaffirm the statements which have already been made on my behalf by Buckingham Palace , " he said Thursday at the World Economic Forum . Earlier this month , Buckingham Palace issued a statement which said , "  It is emphatically denied that the Duke of York -LSB- Andrew -RSB- had any form of sexual contact or relationship " with the woman . "  Any claim to the contrary is false and without foundation . " Andrew is a son of Queen Elizabeth II and a brother of Prince Charles , the next in line for the British throne . The prince is accused of having sex with the woman when she was 17 , details of which are is a sworn affidavit in Florida court dated January 19 . The woman said that she and the Prince had sex "  three times , including one orgy . " The court documents showed that her lawyers had sent a letter to Buckingham Palace asking to interview the prince under oath . In her sworn affidavit , the woman described Buckingham Palace 's denial that sexual contact ever took place between the pair as "  false and hurtful to me . " The woman , identified by Buckingham Palace as Virginia Roberts , first named the prince in a civil motion filed December 30 in the U.S. District Court in southern Florida in which she claims she was forced to have sex with several men . She is referred to as Jane Doe No. 3 in the legal filings . In the letter the woman 's lawyers sent to Buckingham Palace , attorneys Paul Cassell and Bradley Edwards asked to interview Prince Andrew "  under oath regarding interactions that you had with Jane Doe No. 3 beginning in approximately early 2001 . Jane Doe No. 3 was then 17 years old . " The letter includes a picture of the woman and Andrew which was taken around that time , they say . The lawyers also want to discuss subsequent interactions with their client in New York City later that year , the letter says . "  The interview could be conducted at a time and place of your choosing , and with your cooperation , I believe the interview could be completed in two hours or less , " it says . New court pleadings involving the relationship between Jane Doe No. 3 and the prince are being prepared , the letter adds , but their filing will be delayed if Andrew accepts the interview request by January 19 . The attorney for her legal team confirmed to CNN that Buckingham Palace had refused to accept the letter to Prince Andrew and that it was returned to them . Buckingham Palace did n't respond Thursday when asked by CNN about the letter . But the woman 's allegations have previously been firmly rejected by Buckingham Palace . "  It is emphatically denied that the Duke of York had any form of sexual contact or relationship with Virginia Roberts . Any claim to the contrary is false and without foundation , " the palace said early this month . Prince Andrew is named in the court filing in Florida as one of a number of prominent people who allegedly had sexual contact with teenage girls through self-made billionaire Jeffrey Epstein , who pleaded guilty some years ago in Florida to a state charge of prostitution solicitation . CNN was unable to reach Martin Weinberg , Epstein 's attorney , on Thursday . In her first sworn statement to the court , Jane Doe No. 3 gave more details of the alleged encounters . "  Epstein made me have sex with Prince Andrew several times , " she said , according to the court document . "  I had sex with him three times , including one orgy . I knew he was a member of the British Royal Family , but I just called him ` Andy . ' " One day when she was in London , she said , Epstein told her she would be meeting a "  major prince . " She continued : "  Epstein told me ` to exceed ' everything I had been taught . He emphasized that whatever Prince Andrew wanted , I was to make sure he got . " When the prince arrived , she was introduced , she said , and "  we kissed formally , cheek to cheek . " The group went for dinner and to a nightclub where she was served alcohol before returning to the townhouse . The picture referred to in the letter , of the prince with Roberts , was taken there , she said . After the pair were left alone , she said , "  We went to the bathroom and bedroom , which were just steps away from where the picture was taken . We engaged in sexual activities there . Afterwards , Andy left quickly with his security . " She said she had reported back to Epstein on the encounter next day , telling him , "  It went great . " "  I told Epstein about Andy 's sexual interests in feet . Epstein thought it was very funny . Epstein appeared to be collecting private information about Andy , " she added . Roberts also gave details of two more alleged occasions when the pair had sex . One was in Epstein 's New York mansion in spring 2001 , she said , when she was 17 . The third and last occasion was at an orgy involving nine girls on Epstein 's private island in the U.S. Virgin Islands , her statement said . "  I was around 18 at the time . Epstein , Andy , approximately eight other young girls , and I had sex together . " The other girls , who appeared to be under 18 , were "  European looking and sounding " and did n't really speak English , she said . She said she "  felt disgusted " after the orgy . Roberts rejected the palace 's denial of the allegations and said she hoped Andrew would agree to be interviewed under oath . "  I did have sexual contact with him as I have described here -- under oath , " she said . "  Given what he knows and has seen , I was hoping that he would simply voluntarily tell the truth about everything . " Roberts and another woman are seeking to join two other women who are arguing in federal court for the U.S. government to reexamine its case involving Epstein . The investment banker agreed to a state plea deal in 2007 and began serving an 18-month sentence in 2008 , according to court documents . He pleaded guilty to solicitation of prostitution and procurement of a minor for prostitution . CNN 's Max Foster contributed to this report .	Prince Andrew addresses crowd at Davos , backs palace statement Court documents show attorneys sent a letter asking to interview him under oath Buckingham Palace has strenuously denied claim that he had sex with Virginia Roberts
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The wife of kidnapped security expert Felix Batista broke her month-long silence on Wednesday and pleaded with his Mexican abductors to "  please have mercy . " Lourdes Batista , wife of abducted security expert Felix Batista , talks to reporters in Miami , Florida . "  Please let him go . Let him return to his family , " wife Lourdes Batista said at a news conference in Miami , Florida . "  He has never done anyone any harm , " she pleaded . "  On the contrary , he has always extended a hand to those in need . I beg you with all the strength in my heart . " Batista , 55 , disappeared December 10 from a restaurant in Mexico , a case that made international headlines because of its irony . The anti-kidnapping expert had been kidnapped , authorities said . The Batistas have been married 31 years , his family said . They have five children . Two of them attended the news conference but did not speak . Watch Lourdes Batista plead for the release of her husband " Batista 's family has not heard from him or his kidnappers . There have been no demands for ransom , no contact at all . "  Words do not describe the pain that we are going through by not knowing where he is or what has happened to him , " said his sister , Jackie Batista . He descibed the family 's distress as a "  pain you do not bestow upon anyone not even our worst enemies . " "  I ask that you at least let us know what has happened to our beloved Felix , " she implored . Watch more from the news conference " An internationally known American security consultant , Batista has negotiated the release of kidnapping victims throughout Latin America . "  He 's always been a professional at what he does , " his sister said . He arrived December 6 in Saltillo , Mexico , about 250 miles south of the U.S. border , to take part in a security seminar about kidnappings . The FBI has been working with Mexican law enforcement to determine what happened and to bring Batista home safely . The U.S. embassy in Mexico has not returned CNN 's calls , nor has Mexico 's Ministry of the Interior . The Batista family , however , is talking . "  We just want to get some news and would like to make a public plea , and in return , we hope to get some answers , " Jackie Batista told CNN on Tuesday . Felix Batista was in a restaurant with several other people when he received a phone call , according to a written statement released by the state attorney general 's office in Saltillo . After speaking on the telephone , he told his colleagues that several people in a white pickup were going to give him a message , said the statement . He got into a vehicle which did not match the description he had given his colleagues . Since then , no one has had any communication with him . The statement said there was no sign of violence at the scene . "  I do n't understand how a man who has always loved Mexico and its people so much , so dearly , can be made to suffer is this manner , " Batista 's wife said at the news conference . "  My heart is broken . My children need their father . Please , I implore those of you that have feelings please let him go . " "  The fact that he was purposely picked up and they have n't reached out to family is certainly worrisome , " said Gary Noesner , former chief of the FBI crisis negotiation unit , who now works as a security and kidnapping consultant . "  Typically , you would get contact sooner , but sometimes kidnappers wait a period of time . They use that as a pressure tactic , " Noesner added . "  I would have thought they would have had contact by now . " He added , "  The family wants to be contacted . There is a bit of a good news story if they are contacted , because that opens up a dialogue , and that is a recipe for a resolution . " Mexico has seen an alarming rise in kidnappings and violence . Organized crime and drug related killings more than doubled from 2007 to 2008 . President Felipe Calderon met over the summer with the country 's 32 governors to unveil a plan to combat the increase in kidnappings . The plan includes building special prisons for kidnappers , and a constitutional amendment to reinstate the death penalty for kidnappers who kill their captives has been sent to Mexico 's legislature . Experts believe that people in Mexico who have relatives in the United States are specifically being targeted because it 's assumed they have money . "  What kidnappers basically do is look at who has money that we can get , " Noesner said . "  They will go after anyone who they perceive will provide a payoff . " Batista worked as a retained consultant for ASI Global LLC , a global kidnap and ransom response company , for 18 months . "  He is an extremely gifted and talented consultant and has worked in the region for many , many years , " company President Charlie LeBlanc said . Since Batista 's kidnapping , the company has had representatives with the Batista family to help them through the crisis , he said . "  The fact that we have not had contact is not necessarily a bad sign . We 've had cases in the past that have gone much longer without contact , " he said . But almost a month has passed since Batista 's disappearance , and that is not a good sign , the experts cautioned . "  It becomes more problematic when there 's not contact from the bad guys . You 're very limited as to what you can do , " Noesner said . "  Its far too early to say , ` This is typical , ' but I 'd be concerned , " he added . Perhaps the Batista family can find some solace in the words of Felix Batista himself . In an interview with TV Azteca , a CNN affiliate based in Mexico City , he offered some advice to the families and loved ones of a kidnapping victims . "  Stay calm and ask -LSB- the kidnappers -RSB- for time . Time to do two things : to look for the missing person if possible and confirm that it is in fact a kidnapping . "	Felix Batista last seen in Saltillo , Mexico , on December 10 U.S.-based security expert answered phone call , met people outside restaurant Ex-FBI hostage negotiator offers advice on how to avoid kidnappers Mexico has seen a sharp rise in kidnappings over the past year
New Delhi  CNN  -- India plans the maiden test flight this week of its longest-range nuclear-capable missile , which can travel more than 5,000 kilometers  3,100 miles  , military officials said . The Agni V rocket could be launched between Wednesday and Friday , said Ravi Gupta , the spokesman for the country 's Defense Research and Development Organization . "  It 's the most advanced missile so far , " he said . In November , India successfully tested the fourth version of Agni , meaning "  fire " in Hindi , with a range of 3,500 km . Built years earlier , Agni I could travel 700 km , according to Indian defense authorities . India says that it pursues no aggressive designs and that its military program is based on building a credible minimum deterrent with a "  no-first-use " policy . "  Our missiles are purely for deterrence , " said Gupta . The flight of Agni V would be a significant move to demonstrate India 's technological competence , said Uday Bhaskar , a strategic expert . But the home-grown missile , he said , would undergo several tests more before it becomes fully operational . "  Yet , the first test of Agni V will enhance India 's technological profile , " he said . A successful experiment , Bhaskar said , would bring India closer to the group of nations capable of building intercontinental missiles . Currently , the five permanent member nations of the U.N. Security Council are thought to have developed such technology , he said .	The launch of the missile is expected between Wednesday and Friday The missile is called Agni , which means "  fire " in Hindi "  It 's the most advanced missile so far , " official says
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- They 're cramped , loud and seem to care little about the rules of the road -- more than just a mode of transportation , riding a "  tro-tro " is an experience of its own , a roller coaster ride that any self-respecting visitor to Accra should check off their list . The crammed , hot and often rickety minivans , also called "  troskies , " are the most popular way of getting around in the Ghanaian capital . They can be picked up from a station or by the roadside and they typically seat around 15 squished passengers , sometimes even more , as they swerve , zigzag and rush through Accra 's busy streets . Read this : Forget Paris , fall in love with Accra But while tro-tro rides might not be the ideal travel option for the claustrophobic , they 're certainly more appealing to anyone looking to navigate the city cheaply . Just like "  matatus " in East Africa , and many other similar means of transport in urban centers across the continent , tro-tros fill the public demand for affordable trips -- the fee a tro-tro ride around Accra is never more than a few cents , paid before or on arrival . "  If you really want to get to know a city , do n't take a taxi -- take a tro-tro , " says Accra commuter Maximillian Effah . So how does the tro-tro system work and what can you expect once you catch a ride ? Tro-tros might have set routes but in the absence of a fixed schedule -- the vans depart only once they 're full -- waiting times can be lengthy . Boarding the right one can also be confusing , especially if you 're picking it up from the roadside . Read this : Artists take epic Africa road trip In those cases , what 's needed is a mixture of cunning and alertness , coupled with determination and some insider knowledge . As the tro-tro approaches , the fare collector , or "  mate , " hangs out the right side door , shouting the destination and making a sign to indicate the van 's direction . You do the same and , with a little a bit of luck , the driver stops so you can hop on . Sometimes , however , securing a spot requires a more physical approach . "  When you have a situation with 10 , 15 , up to 20 people trying to enter the same door at the same time , that 's when you see the magic happening , " says Effah . "  People opening up the top of the car , sliding in the side screen and then jumping into the car . Then you 'll see the car start to move with someone halfway in the car , with their legs dangling outside of the car , and that is just crazy ! " Once en route , forget about seat belts or spacious seating ; you can expect , however , a bumpy ride that 's often made easier by the inevitable mix of shared laughs , heated debates and social commentary -- as well as a bit of singing . "  The driver of the tro-tro was singing the entire time , it could actually be that his part-time job was in the choir because he was singing a lot of hymns , " recalls Accra commuter Francis Kweku Ansah of one memorable journey . "  He was really entertaining for everyone in the car -- people started singing along and it was actually a really fun journey for me . " "  Trotro Diaries " At least four million people live in and around Accra , making it one of Africa 's largest cities . Its infrastructure is like many other African urban centers : aged from the colonial era and unable to keep up with the demands of a burgeoning population . As more Ghanaians jump behind the wheel -- thanks to a growing middle class and cheaper imports from overseas -- the city 's streets are often clogged with snail-paced traffic . Read this : Africa 's new skyscraper cities "  You have an experience where you sit in a tro-tro tightly packed and it 's just before work so you can imagine the kind of pressure it puts on you , " says Yaw Odoom , the creator of Trotro Diaries , an online platform where people share their often-funny stories about their daily transport woes . "  We realized people go through so much stress to get to their offices , which might affect their output , " says Odoom . "  We put a bit of humor in there , where people in different tro-tros all over Ghana and even in other parts of the world share their experience . Now what this will do is it will help to lighten their mood , so when they get to the office they actually get there in a happier mood and be able to deliver . " Encouraged by friends , Odoom , a 27-year-old business development manager at an automotive company , created a blog and a Facebook group and today more than 1,000 people use the Trotro Diaries platform to sound off . "  Aah , I really hate it when people are in singing in  the  troskie , " reads one comment . "  I 'm like , this is not your car , dude ! " "  She has been talking for about 30 minutes non-stop ! " says another Trotro Diaries user . "  I guess the radio stations need her talent ! " Odoom says he now plans to also create a Trotro Diaries app that will also serve to help commuters find their way easier around the city . He believes that creating information networks for Ghanaians on-the-go , as well as making them laugh with each other , can have a positive impact . "  The future of Ghana is  in the hands of the youth and we 're already taking it , " he says . "  We are crazy for change and we want to put that change into Ghana because Ghana is for all of us and we need to make things work . " Have you been on a tro-tro , or a taken a mini-van ride elsewhere in Africa ? Send your photos and stories to CNN iReport .	Thousands of Accra residents commute daily by using a tro-tro The minibuses , also known as troskies , are a cheap form of transport Commuters say it 's the best way of knowing the city -- but it can also be frustrating "  Trotro Diaries " is a web platform collecting funny stories of people 's journeys
London  CNN  -- One of the perennial criticisms of Eurovision is that , for a song contest , the compositions are seldom very memorable . But for the millions who tune in each year , drawn to the promise of outrageous outfits and performances , the contest is as much about spectacle as it is about the music . For diehard fans , what an artist wears can be a bigger talking point than what they sing . The more misguided an outfit , the better . In 1997 , fan website House of Eurovision founded the "  Barbara Dex Awards , " an annual prize for the worst dressed artist . The award was named after a Belgian singer who appeared in the 1993 competition wearing an unflattering homemade dress . Melodifestivalen : Sweden 's not-so-guilty Eurovision pleasure "  Her song was n't at all bad , but her performance was overshadowed by that awful self-made dress , and as a result she ended up last , " said Edwin van Thillo , who runs the fan site . Attention-grabbing outfits have always been part of Eurovision 's DNA . Germany 's 1958 entry Margot Hielscher performed wearing a sash saying "  Miss Jukebox , " and brandishing vinyl records at the audience . But the past 15 years have seen the costumes reach new heights of flamboyance . "  Visuals have become so much more important since televoting was introduced in 1998 , " said Sam Broderick , a writer for ESC Nation , one of the most popular Eurovision fan websites . "  Acts only have three minutes to get their song heard and their message across , and they have to compete against 25 other songs to be remembered , " he said . "  I think that 's why so many acts have gimmicks on stage -- and an outrageous costume is just another gimmick . It 's all part of the glitz and the glamor of the contest too , and I think that 's why people love Eurovision . " But dressing up as a bird , butterfly or robot does n't guarantee success . Many of the acts featured in our gallery finished near the bottom of the table , or failed to progress past the semi-finals . "  A terrible outfit can destroy any chances a song may have had , " said Broderick . "  I remember watching rehearsals in Oslo in 2010 when the Maltese entrant Thea Garrett came on stage with her backing dancer dressed as a massive bird . The whole press center was in howls of laughter , " he said . "  It was quite highly regarded before then , but I really think that big bird put paid to the song 's chances . "	Eurovision outfits have become more flamboyant since the advent of televoting The "  Barbara Dex Award " is an annual prize made by a fan site to the worst dressed artist The award is named for Belgium 's 1993 entry who performed in a homemade dress The first unorthodox outfit was worn in 1958 by Margot "  Miss Jukebox " Hielscher
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- Staff Sgt. Travis Nielsen had no idea when he joined the U.S. Army that his duty would include one of the most solemn and hallowed ceremonies in the military . John F. Kennedy 's funeral in 1963 included a riderless horse with boots facing backwards in the saddle . During funeral processions at Virginia 's Arlington National Cemetery near Washington , Nielsen walks the riderless horse , a powerful military symbol that stands among the highest honors for the fallen . Images of the so-called caparisoned horse , often referred to as the "  cap horse , " remain emblazoned in the memories of millions of shocked Americans who watched President Kennedy 's funeral procession shortly after his 1963 assassination . According to Army tradition , a ceremonial horse is led by a "  cap walker , " like Nielsen , in a procession with boots set backward in the saddle 's stirrups . In addition to high-ranking government officials such as the president , the cap horse honor is reserved for officers of the rank of colonel or above . The tradition dates "  to Roman times , or Genghis Khan , " Nielsen said , "  as a high honor bestowed on high-ranking fallen warriors . " Watch Nielsen lead a riderless horse at Arlington " The ancient riderless horse ceremony did n't include backward boots , he said , but it did include an unusual meal . "  They were shrouding their horses or putting him in battle armor or escorting the fallen to their grave , " Nielsen said . "  When that was done , they would eat the horse , and they would have a big feast . " Today "  the boots facing backward symbolize -LSB- that -RSB- the fallen wo n't ride again and -LSB- the rider is -RSB- looking back on his family one last time , " he said . Nielsen serves with the ceremonial Caisson Platoon of the 3rd U.S. Infantry regiment , also known as the Old Guard , based at Fort Myer , Virginia , near the cemetery . Formed in 1784 , the Old Guard ranks as the oldest active duty unit in the Army . "  Memorial Day weekend is very busy around here , " said Nielsen , who joins Old Guard comrades in the annual tradition at Arlington called "  flags in . " "  We are responsible for going out in the cemetery and placing the American flags on all the headstones . " Platoon soldiers rarely know any details about the troops or civilians they honor . "  Sometimes someone who served with the fallen or maybe went to -LSB- military -RSB- academy with them will come up to you and tell you what a great guy they were , " Nielsen said . When choosing Old Guard members , commanders "  want guys who are punctual and disciplined and picky about the way they look and the way their horses look , " he said . The focus of much of Nielsen 's duties involves drilling and training horses such as Kennedy , a cap horse whose previous career involved running around harness racing tracks . Cemetery ceremonial horses are washed and brushed until their coats have a bright sheen . Saddles and brass are buffed and polished until they shine like mirrors . Ancient caissons that carry flag-draped caskets are cleaned and readied for a day of service . As for the soldiers , Old Guard members ' woolen uniforms are flawless and take hours to prepare , as each inch is inspected again and again . Uniforms are pressed and ironed . Shoes and brass are polished and shined . "  In the winter , it can get pretty cold out there , " Nielsen said . "  In the summer -- it 's no joke -- the summers get extremely hot . There will be heat indexes of 100 to 115 degrees . " Nielsen described his duty as rewarding . "  We carry America 's heroes to the final resting place , " he said . Soldiers in formation lead the procession . An Army band plays , and the unit marches to muffled drums . The caisson passes , led by six horses , either black or white . The horses ' harnesses jangle and the caisson wheels rumble through the hallowed paths of Arlington . Bringing up the rear of the procession is Nielsen , leading Kennedy . They pass in formation directly behind a flag-draped casket carrying the body of a soldier or Marine ; Navy and Air Force officers do not use cap horses at burial ceremonies . After a casket is carried to a burial site , the caisson and cap horse depart . Nielsen and Kennedy head back to the stables alone , to prepare for another ceremony .	Riderless horses honor high-ranking fallen U.S. troops , government officials Many recall horse with empty saddle during 1963 JFK funeral Army 's ceremonial "  Old Guard " unit prides itself on its military funerals Tradition of riderless horses at funerals dates to ancient Rome , soldier says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A Latino group Tuesday expressed outrage over the slaying of an Ecuadoran man , allegedly at the hands of seven teenagers in what police are calling a hate crime . Marcello Lucero , 37 , was stabbed to death in an attack that police say was a hate crime . The teens ' parents bear some of the blame , along with community leaders who have created an inhospitable environment for immigrants , Fernando Fernando Mateo , founder of Hispanics Across America , said at a news conference . "  We understand that some may not welcome us in their neighborhoods , but killing us will not drive us away , " Mateo said . "  Those that hate us allow us to cut their lawns , build their homes , paint their homes , cook for them , serve their children -- and yet they teach them hate . " Marcello Lucero , 37 , was walking to a friend 's apartment in Patchogue , New York , when he was attacked late Saturday , police said . He was stabbed in the chest and died of his injuries . A friend walking with Lucero was not injured . The seven teens were trying "  to find Latinos and to assault them , " said Suffolk County Police Detective Lt. Jack Fitzpatrick . "  That was what they went out to do that night , and that 's exactly what they did do . ... They were actively seeking victims . " At a court hearing for the seven Monday , a prosecutor quoted the youths as saying , "  Let 's go find some Mexicans to f -- up . " Jeffrey Conroy , 17 , faces charges of first-degree manslaughter as a hate crime in the attack , police said . He and the other six -- Jordan Dasch , Anthony Hartford , Nicholas Hausch , Christopher Overton , Jose Pacheco and Kevin Shea -- also face charges of first-degree gang assault . The additional charge against Conroy stems from authorities ' belief that he was the one who stabbed Lucero . All of the suspects are 17 except for Overton , who is 16 , according to police . The "  hate crime " designation would enhance any sentence imposed upon conviction . Upon their arrest , all seven of the youths "  admitted their involvement and their role in this crime , " said Suffolk County Police Commissioner Richard Dormer . However , all seven pleaded not guilty when they were arraigned Monday in Suffolk County Criminal Court . Mateo said that Hispanics Across America and Lucero 's relatives have retained a law firm and may file suit against the youths ' families "  to make sure the parents of these seven kids pay the consequences . " But he and other community leaders also laid blame at the feet of Steve Levy , Suffolk County executive . "  He has brought this hate that exists here amongst the Hispanic community , " Mateo said . "  He has legislated over and over again against Hispanic immigrants . ... He should be the person not welcome in this community . " The Rev. Alan Ramirez of Brookville Reform Church said , "  We all know that Mr. Levy , along with these seven young men , has blood on his hands . And we consider that unacceptable . We ask a responsible Democratic Party to seek Mr. Levy 's resignation or removal from office . We do not need our communities to be separated by hatred , intolerance and racial discord . " Attempts by CNN to contact Levy on Tuesday were unsuccessful , as his office was closed for the Veterans Day holiday . On Sunday , however , Levy issued a statement saying Lucero 's death "  was n't a question of any county policy or legislation ; it was a question of bad people doing horrific things , " according to Newsday , which reported that Levy answered no further questions . In a statement issued by police Sunday , Levy was quoted as saying , "  This heinous crime that led to the death of an individual because of his race will not be tolerated in Suffolk County . The suspects will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . " New York Gov. David Paterson , in a statement Monday , also condemned Lucero 's death . "  Suffolk Police tell us that Mr. Lucero and a friend were attacked late Saturday by seven teenagers who were driving around looking for a Hispanic to beat up , " Paterson said . "  The senseless and cowardly act by these teenagers can not stand . ... Mr. Lucero 's death is a jarring reminder that we must remain vigilant and continue our fight to eradicate prejudice in our words and in our actions . " Mateo said Tuesday that Lucero 's death "  is an outrage . ... Those days of noosing , hanging and torturing should be a thing of the past . " Conroy 's friends and fellow students told CNN affiliate WABC they do not believe he committed the crime . "  He 's the nicest guy you will ever meet , " one said . Attempts to contact Conroy 's defense attorney were unsuccessful Tuesday . A candlelight vigil was held Monday night in honor of Lucero . "  I still do n't believe my brother 's death , " Joselo Lucero said . "  Today I buried him and I still do n't believe that he 's dead . ... He 's left a real emptiness in my family . "	NEW : Officials condemn attack , fatal stabbing of Ecuadoran in Long Island Marcello Lucero , 37 , and a friend were attacked late Saturday night Jeffrey Conroy , 17 , was charged with manslaughter as a hate crime Six other teenagers charged with gang assault ; all seven plead not guilty
CNN  -- Dark smoke rose from the upper floors of Radio France 's headquarters in Paris on Friday as a fire prompted an evacuation of the building . There were no reports of injuries , Radio France spokeswoman Marine Billoir said . Firefighters eventually extinguished the flames , reported France Info radio , part of Radio France . The fire started in an unoccupied section that was under construction , Billoir said . Information on what caused the fire was n't immediately available . Pictures distributed by Agence France-Presse and Getty Images showed smoke billowing out of several upper-floor windows of the circular facility . Photos on social media also showed smoke rising above the Paris skyline , visible from some distance .	NEW : Firefighters put out flames at Radio France 's headquarters in Paris NEW : There were no reports of injuries The fire started in part of the building that was unoccupied and under construction It was n't immediately clear what started the fire
Gaza City , Gaza  CNN  -- Terrace crowds are controlled by men wearing army fatigues and holding Kalashnikov rifles , players and press pray on the pitch at half-time and when the final whistle is blown , the trophy is handed to the winning captain by one of Israel 's most wanted men . Welcome to football , Gaza style . More than 5,000 fans crammed into the Palestine Stadium in Gaza City for what is an increasingly rare occasion these days : a game of football . The "  Gaza Dialogue and Tolerance Cup final " between Al Shate  a mixed team of Hamas and Fatah members that represents the 80,000 strong Al Shate refugee camp  played Al Salah Islamic Association  a team aligned with Hamas  in a tight match in front of raucous fans who flew blue and yellow flags and fired off flames from lit cans of hairspray in support of their side . However , as with most things in the Gaza Strip , war , politics and internal divisions are never far away . The beautiful game is inordinately popular in the tiny strip of 1.5 million people . The Palestinian national football squad has no less than 15 players representing Gaza and over the past 50 years dozens of teams have flourished , each with its own affiliation to different political groups . Even Hamas ' Ismail Haniyeh -- the de facto Palestinian prime minister who is a high-profile fugitive from Israeli authorities -- has a soft spot for the game . In his youth he was a talented , no-nonsense defender for Al Shate , his home neighborhood . To underline the importance of the match , designed to promote harmony between political factions , Haniyeh turned up to present the cup . But since Hamas , a militant Islamist group , seized control of Gaza from Fatah in 2007 , football has been brought to the brink of extinction . Hamas did more than take over Gaza 's political and economic apparatus . They also took over all of Gaza 's top sports and football clubs . "  We as sports people want to remove sport from politics but politicians on both sides , Hamas and Fatah , play on this , they try to make politics come into sport , " explained Ibraheem Abu Saleem , vice president of the Palestinian Football Association -LSB- PFA -RSB- and the man in charge of the game in Gaza . "  The main problem lies with Hamas . When Hamas hands back the clubs to their legal board of directors , sport will be running again in Gaza as in the West Bank . " Angered by the political intrusion in sport , the PFA , based in the West Bank , refused to organize a league until the teams were handed back . Hamas declined and the football league has been dormant ever since the putsch . Instead the clubs have been left to organize their own small , increasingly irregular tournaments . The best players simply left for the West Bank , but since Israel 's war in Gaza last winter , that exodus has been halted due to movement restrictions . In comparison football in the Fatah-controlled West Bank is thriving . The league was non existent three years ago . Now Palestinians turn up in huge numbers to matches , sometimes attracting as many as 15,000 fans . Private businesses have poured money into sponsoring their favorite teams and a brand new stadium was built on the outskirts of East Jerusalem to host the Palestinian national team 's first ever home international last year . "  Here in the West Bank we have two members of Hamas on the board . We have teams for Hamas , the PFLP -LSB- Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine -RSB- , " said Jibril Rajoub , President of the PFA , a former National Security Advisor to Yasser Arafat and a leading member of Fatah recently elected to the Fatah Central Committee . "  There is a wall here between politics and factionalism in sport -LSB- in the West Bank -RSB- . I think the same should happen in Gaza . " Back in Gaza , Al Shate and their non-aligned fans left the happier , securing a 2-0 victory . But for the players , stuck between Hamas and the PFA , it was bittersweet . "  The takeover of the clubs is the main reason for us not having any competition and I want Hamas to give the clubs back , " agreed Hamada Shbair , the winning captain of Al Shate and a Palestinian international who has n't played for the national team since 2008 because of Israeli and Egyptian travel restrictions . Shbair celebrated along with thousands of fans who carried their cup from the stadium back to the camp in procession . It was the first silverware in a quarter of a century for Al Shate , who have so far escaped the Hamas takeover . But Shbair used the victory to make his views known to Haniyeh during the presentation of the cup . "  I told him : ` You used to be a player , please solve this problem of the players quickly . ' He replied : ' I hope so , Inshallah  God willing  . ' " Gaza 's football-mad population may have to savour Al Shate 's victorious cup campaign for a while yet as no one knows when , or even if , the next competition will take place . But for Shbair , victory has sent a powerful message to his people . "  The Beach Camp -LSB- Al Shate -RSB- is very crowded , 80,000 people , and we wanted this team to make people happy after the war and the martyrs and the siege , " he said . "  But this club is also open to all people in Gaza . So it is a victory for moderation . "	5,000 Palestinians turn out for a rare football tournament in Gaza City . Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh turns up to award the cup . The league was suspended after Hamas seized Gaza 's top sports clubs . The Palestinian FA blames the military wing of Hamas .
CNN  -- There is little argument that America 's respect in the Muslim world has lessened as we enter our 10th year of war against a deadly shadow enemy of religious extremists who wear no uniform , wave no flag and who use their holy book as sword and shield against fellow Muslims as well as all things American . So what does Terry Jones , pastor of the Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville , Florida , hope to accomplish by calling for a "  Burn a Quran Day " this Saturday , September 11 , the ninth anniversary of the worst sneak attack on American soil in our 234-year history ? The answers are as obvious as they are ominous : He will bring total contempt from the world 's fastest-growing religion against the world 's oldest democracy . He will destroy the goodwill generations of Americans have worked to create in almost every nation . He will -- in just a few seconds of self-proclaimed glory and protest -- paint a target on the backs of U.S. troops , diplomats , foreign service employees , humanitarian relief workers and American tourists . Worse , still , Jones and his followers will provide our enemies with a propaganda tool that will outlast our lives and those of our children and their children . Burning a Quran will instantly undo everything good that America has done in the world . America 's top general in Afghanistan , David H. Petraeus , recognizes the consequences of such an act . "  Images of the burning of a Quran would undoubtedly be used by extremists in Afghanistan -- and around the world -- to inflame public opinion and incite violence , " he said in a statement released from his headquarters in Kabul . No one will remember when a half-dozen Muslim nations joined a multinational coalition that included the U.S. to free Kuwait back in 1991 . No one will remember America 's huge humanitarian response in Indonesia after the devastating 2004 tsunami or in Pakistan after this year 's disastrous flooding . No one will remember countless other projects to build schools and roadways and efforts to bring clean drinking water to people . No one outside the United States will recognize or even care that burning a Quran was the act of a single or small group of individuals . The only thing the Muslim world will remember and our enemies will exploit is that the U.S. government allowed Americans to burn the Islamic holy book in protest without consequence . The First Amendment may protect the pastor 's right to protest , but nothing is to be gained and everything is to lose from this self-serving act . Our nation was founded on religious freedom and tolerance , yet a man of the cloth wants to invoke memories of a not-so-proud history when a developing America did n't want Catholics or Jews but did want slaves . If the good pastor wants to protest something on the side of the righteous , I would suggest he divert his energies against the Rev. Fred Phelps and the Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka , Kansas . For the better part of this decade , Phelps and his followers have been protesting around the country at the funerals of fallen military members , carrying signs that say "  Thank God for Dead Soldiers . " He is now the subject of a First Amendment case scheduled before the U.S. Supreme Court next month . -LSB- Snyder v. Phelps -RSB- Religion has been the rallying cry of almost every war in recorded history , and there are those in our country as well as in Muslim countries who truly believe that this is the start of a war between Islam and nonbelievers . "  America is not at war with Islam " is a statement that has been repeated publicly and repeated often by presidents and members of Congress from all political persuasions , not because it is politically correct but because it is true . America is at war , however , against a small number of religious extremists who hide behind women and children and kill indiscriminately without remorse . We must not allow an equally small number of religious extremists in America to widen the war by burning the Quran ... or Torah or Bible . America is far better than that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard L. Eubank .	Richard Eubank : Pastor 's plan to burn Qurans on 9-11 endangers U.S. soldiers , tourists , diplomats It will undo all goodwill America has built up , Eubank argues , for generations to come Dangerous extremists will exploit the act planned by U.S. religious extremists , he says "  America is not at war with Islam " is not politically correct , Eubank says ; it is true
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With thousands of Americans looking for jobs , many businesses are saying : Sorry , we 're not hiring . The Federal Bureau of Investigation is sending out another message : Come right this way . Donna Gil Lumpkin is one of 270,000 people who has applied for about 2,100 jobs at the FBI . After years of being outgunned in the battle for job applicants by corporations who could pay bigger salaries , hundreds of thousands of job seekers are applying for FBI positions . The FBI announced a hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions . The job postings run the gamut from scientists to accountants to auto mechanics . In addition , the bureau said it wants to hire 850 FBI agents . What happened next caught many at the FBI by surprise . More than 270,000 people applied over about six weeks . The FBI said about 70,000 people seek positions in a normal year . Watch the applications pile up at the FBI " But this is n't a normal year . Just ask Donna Gil Lumpkin , a divorced mother of two who lives in Maryland . Gil Lumpkin lost her job selling radio ad time in November . "  The competition is really stiff , " she said . "  There 's a lot of people out of work . A lot of people looking for a job . " Gil Lumpkin has applied for a job as an FBI recruiter . If the FBI thinks she has the skills for the post , that 's just one step toward a job . She 'll have to undergo an FBI background check and take polygraph and drug tests . The FBI official in charge of human resources concedes the FBI is benefiting a bit from the sour economy and getting a flood of applications this year . "  In years past it was often difficult to find people with the science and technology background or chemistry background or a biology background because we were competing with the private sector , " said FBI Assistant Director John Raucci . Raucci said during the dotcom explosion , the FBI had a difficult time competing with dotcom start-up salaries . "  Now , what we offer is stability , we offer a job and I think a very exciting environment in which to work , " said Raucci . Raucci said the average starting salary at the FBI is about $ 35,000 per year . But he adds those with extraordinary academic credentials and prior job experience start at a much higher rate . Donna Gil Lumpkin said the stability of a job with the federal government and the good benefits such as health insurance attracted her to apply . "  In this tough economic climate right now the federal government , I think , is one of the most steady and stable places anyone could be . " The stakes are high for Gil Lumpkin , who has a 12-year-old daughter and a 14-year-old son . She said her children are covered under her ex-husband 's health insurance . But she needs coverage for herself . And she is not able to put any money away right now for her children 's college years . "  Right now the college fund is on pause , " said Gil Lumpkin . "  It 's the survival fund . We are trying to survive . "	Hundreds of thousands of job seekers are applying for FBI positions Average starting salary at the FBI is about $ 35,000 per year FBI no longer has same level of competition from private sector FBI has openings for agents , but also for those in various support roles
Captured American Warren Weinstein looks tired and pale and speaks in steady monotone in pleadiang for his freedom to President Barack Obama . In a video released by al Qaeda on Christmas Day , he says he feels abandoned and forgotten since his abduction more than two years ago . "  The years have taken their toll , " Weinstein , 72 , says in the 13-minute video . He says he is not in good health and that he suffers from acute asthma . He appeals to Obama , Secretary of State John Kerry , the media , the American public and finally his family . "  Nine years ago , I came to Pakistan to help my government and I did so at a time when most Americans would not come here , " he said . "  And now , when I need my government , it seems I have been totally abandoned and forgotten . " CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the video , which was first posted on The Washington Post website . It was the second apparent proof of life in which Weinstein makes a direct plea to the Obama administration . The first was released in May 2012 . "  The U.S. government is working to verify the authenticity of the recently released video of Warren Weinstein , " the FBI said in a statement . "  We remain concerned for the safety and well-being of Mr. Weinstein and remain in contact with Warren Weinstein 's family while we continue to monitor the situation . " State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf reiterated the government 's call for Weinstein to be released . U.S. officials have repeatedly said Washington will not bargain with al Qaeda . Weinstein was abducted August 20 , 2011 , from his home in Lahore , Pakistan , shortly before he was planning to return to the United States . Gunmen posing as neighbors offered food , then pistol-whipped Weinstein and his driver and tied up his guards , according to U.S. Embassy and Pakistani officials . In the latest video , Weinstein is dressed in a light gray track suit jacket and a black cap . He looks very different from when he was captured ; he is gaunt and has a salt-and-pepper beard . "  Needless to say , I 've been suffering deep anxiety every part of every day , not knowing what is happening to my family and not knowing how they are and because I am not with them , " Weinstein said . His appearance alarmed Laurie Wiseberg , who is a friend and former colleague of Weinstein . "  Quite honestly , I did n't recognize him in the picture . He has changed so dramatically from the person he used to be in terms of appearance and I would hope something could be done so he has a chance to be reunited with his family , his wife , his children and grandchildren , and not have to die in a foreign country far away from those he loves , " Wiseberg told CNN 's Don Lemon . Wiseberg said she last spoke to Weinstein 's wife "  some months ago and she was quite in despair , but hoping very much that he would in fact be released . " In the video , Weinstein said his captors have agreed to let his family visit him , but only if Obama agrees to do the same for al Qaeda members held by the United States . "  Unless you continue to try to get President Obama and his administration to actively pursue my release , we may never see each other again , " he said . Weinstein was employed by J.E. Austin Associates Inc. , a U.S. consulting firm based in Arlington , Virginia , that is a USAID contractor . He is a world-renowned development expert , according to the company 's website . No one else appears in the latest video of Weinstein . In it , he appeals to Obama as a family man . "  I am , therefore , appealing to you , on a humanitarian basis , if nothing else , in asking that you take the necessary actions to expedite my release and my return to my family and to my country . Our country . " Toward the end , he focuses on his wife and family . "  I would like them to know I love them very much and I think about each and every one of them every moment of every day of my captivity . " Weinstein 's wife , Elaine , who lives in Rockville , Maryland , was not immediately available for comment .	A friend of Weinstein 's said his appearance has changed dramatically FBI says it is working to verify the authenticity of the video Weinstein was abducted in Pakistan in August 2011 Al Qaeda has claimed responsibility and set out conditions for his release
Los Angeles  CNN  -- American-based firms that use legal loopholes to avoid paying U.S. taxes have effectively renounced any allegiance to their home country , President Barack Obama will claim during remarks at a community college here on Thursday . Taking up a harsh new attack against companies that establish residency in tax havens like the Caymen Islands and Bermuda while keeping the bulk of their operations in the United States , Obama will call on Congress to mend a loophole allowing billions in tax revenue to slip through the government 's fingers . A White House official , previewing Obama 's remarks , said the President would make the case on Thursday that tax-avoiding companies "  are essentially renouncing their American citizenship so that they can ship their profits overseas to avoid paying taxes -- even as they benefit from all the advantages of being here in America . " The White House has aimed this week to advance the President 's domestic agenda , focusing on jobs programs and the economy . Bolstering the middle class has formed much of Obama 's midterm election year pitch . But world events -- including Israel 's ground invasion of Gaza and furor over the downed airliner in Ukraine -- have largely overshadowed the intended topics this week , despite the White House 's attempts to highlight new job training measures . Obama 's remarks Thursday , which he 'll deliver at a technical college in downtown Los Angeles , come at the end of a three-day fundraising swing which also brought him to Seattle and the Silicon Valley . The event will be the only public showing for Obama during his stay on the West Coast . He withstood some criticism for not canceling the trip , which aides countered by saying the president could conduct his job from anywhere . The White House did , however , nix an appearance on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live , " replacing the late night show with a more sober CNBC interview . Obama will touch on an issue Democrats believe could help them win over voters in this year 's midterm contests . The President has long decried the inherent unfairness in large , multimillion dollar corporations that operate chiefly in the United States but pay little in U.S. taxes . He used the issue to attack Republican Mitt Romney during the 2012 presidential campaign . Both Republicans and Democrats say the entire tax code needs an overhaul , but Obama is pressing lawmakers to take action now to prevent so-called "  inversions , " which allow U.S. companies to merge with foreign firms in countries with lower tax rates . In the past decade , at least 47 U.S. companies have made the move . Several inversions have been proposed this year and more are in the works . "  We should prevent companies from effectively renouncing their citizenship to get out of paying taxes . What we need is a new sense of economic patriotism , where we all rise and fall together , " said U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew In a letter to lawmakers last week , adding he believed any new measure should prevent companies from gaining tax advantages by incorporating overseas . Lew said a new law should retroactively bar any firm that moved abroad after May 2014 from enjoying lower tax liabilities . CNNMoney 's Jeanne Sahadi contributed to this report .	Obama to slam companies that establish residency in overseas tax havens in speech Thursday The President will say such companies "  are essentially renouncing their American citizenship " Remarks part of Obama 's effort this week to advance his domestic agenda World events have overshadowed the White House 's efforts this week
CNN  -- If there were ever a contest for "  America 's sweetheart , " Sandra Bullock would be tough to beat . The daughter of an Army employee and a German vocal coach , Bullock has continually struck a chord with fans over her nearly 30-year career . At turns charming and relatable , she comes across as extremely genuine in a field that makes its magic through pretending . As the actress celebrates her 50th birthday on July 26 , her stock as the long-standing favorite is as solid as ever . Examine the evidence : She is firmly in the top 10 list of Hollywood 's highest paid actresses , and her films tend to make money . Her 2013 sci-fi thriller "  Gravity , " which starred Bullock as an astronaut lost in space , earned $ 716 million worldwide . And in her personal life , Bullock has managed to remain pretty scandal-proof . At the height of a devastating marital breakup from Jesse James in 2010 , when lurid tabloid headlines appeared about his alleged affairs , Bullock shocked the world with news that she had secretly adopted an African-American son from New Orleans . Not only was it surprising that the Oscar-winning actress had such a tight circle that she was able to conceal a monumental personal moment , but unlike some other celebs who had been criticized in the black community for transracial adoptions , Bullock and her decision were mostly embraced . Even other celebrities adore her . "  Avengers " star Chris Evans has been quoted as saying Bullock was his first celebrity crush . "  I saw ` Speed ' when I was in seventh grade , and I was like , that 's my lady , " Evans said . "  I literally had a big poster  of her  . " It 's easy to see why a preteen Evans fell for Bullock . In interviews Bullock can be funny , self-deprecating and just downright cool . During an appearance on "  The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson " to promote her 2013 buddy cop comedy , "  The Heat , " she and the host good-naturedly took verbal swipes at each other . When Ferguson mentioned the film "  Dumb and Dumber "  in an apparent reference to the way their interview was going  , Bullock volleyed back about that movie . "  Poop humor is fun , " she said jokingly . "  If you do the toilet scenes well and commit to them they can be really , really powerful . " Not many Academy Award winners would tackle such a subject , but it 's not surprising from Bullock , who proudly told Us Weekly that her now-3-year-old son , Louis , is fully potty-trained . While the actress has almost always been tagged as more girl next door than vixen , motherhood has clearly helped settle her even more . She 's been very outspoken about the fact that she would give it all up , the career and the fame , if it was n't good for her son in any way . "  I do n't want him to have pressures brought on by what I do . I will quit . I will leave , " she told Vogue last year . "  If I see whatever I 'm doing affecting him negatively , I will pack up and move to Alaska . " That probably helps explain why the self-professed homebody would much rather be spending time with her kid than working the press . Eschewing the Hollywood scene , the "  Blind Side " star has made paparazzi literally chase her outside the usual city limits , choosing to build her life in cities like Austin , Texas , and New Orleans . Being on the red carpet , she told CNN at a 2013 premiere of "  Gravity , " is extreme enough for her . "  Being in front of a camera , in a nice dress , getting all dressed up is extreme , " Bullock said . "  There 's a lot of other extreme situations , you know , just getting out of bed sometimes is extreme -- but I do it . Just got to do it , just got to get up . Put your sweatpants on , brush off the dog hair and just get out of the house ! " Part of what Bullock does when she gets "  out of the house " is give back to the city of New Orleans . After the devastation of Hurricane Katrina , Bullock "  adopted " Warren Easton Charter High School , and has given hundreds of thousands of dollars to the institution . In May 2014 , she surprised the graduating class with a commencement speech . "  They 're infections , they inspire me , " Bullock said of the students . "  They make me get off my butt and try to do better . ... I 've been taking and taking from  the city of New Orleans  , and when everything happened with Katrina , that 's when you realize you have to put back . "	Sandra Bullock turns 50 on July 26 She continues to be beloved The actress has said she would give it all up for her son
CNN  -- After two years of bitter legal wrangles , the start of the 33rd America 's Cup has been delayed yet again by a lack of wind off the coast of Valencia in Spain . Swiss team Alinghi had been due to begin the defense of their title on Monday morning against American challenger Oracle , but the two giant multihulls were sent back to their bases in the afternoon . Race organizers announced that the opening clash of the three-race series will take place on Wednesday . "  Principal Race officer Harold Bennett and his team on the water had made continuous attempts to seek out a breeze which was of sufficient strength and settled enough in direction across the proposed 20 miles windward Leg One to allow a fair race to be started , " the event 's official Web site reported . "  But , despite their best efforts , the variance at times was over 100 degrees between the gentle breeze at the committee boat some 25 miles offshore , and the planned position of the turning buoy where there was a breeze of around 10-11 knots sometimes . " Alinghi won sailing 's premier prize from Team New Zealand in 2003 , and then successfully defended it in Valencia in 2007 . The syndicate , set up by Ernesto Bertarelli under the auspices of the Societe Nautique de Geneve  SNG  , immediately accepted a challenge from Spain 's Club Nautico Espanol de Vela  CNEV  . This was immediately disputed by the Golden Gate Yacht Club , the organization behind Oracle , setting off a chain of disputes that have lasted right up until the eve of the scheduled races . First off , CNEV were deemed not be acceptable challengers , with a New York court ruling that Oracle should take their place . Alinghi invited multiple challengers before finally agreeing to take on the Americans in a multihull challenge , instead of the usual monohull boat format . Since then the two sides have battles over the date and venue , and more recently over the technical aspects of their boats . Alinghi have entered a 90-foot  27 meter  catamaran , which measures about 120 foot when the bowsprit is taken into account . Oracle will be racing a 90-foot trimaran , which has been significantly modified since its launch almost two years ago . The series has added spice as Oracle is now led by Russell Coutts , who won the cup twice with Team New Zealand and then guided Alinghi to victory against his compatriots in 2003 . He was sacked by Alinghi in 2004 but joined Oracle in 2007 to head their challenge . Coutts has yet to indicate if he will be involved in the actual racing , with his team including helmsman James Spithill , a former world match-racing champion , and Volvo Ocean Race winning skipper John Kostecki as tactician . Alinghi is led by skipper/tactician Brad Butterworth , another New Zealander , who has been involved in four America 's Cup triumphs , while Bertarelli is helmsman . Oracle are seeking to bring the prestigious event event back to its traditional American home for the first time in 15 years . The cup itself dates back to 1851 , making it the oldest competed for in international sport , and was for a long time fought for by British and U.S. syndicates . Alan Bond 's Australia II became the first nation outside those naval superpowers to win it in 1983 , with the San Diego Yacht Club holding the coveted crown until the emerging Team New Zealand came to prominence in 1995 . Races One and Three will be contested over a 40-mile upwind-downwind loop , while Race Two covers 39 miles around an equilateral triangle course comprising a 13-mile beat and two 13-mile reaches .	Start of the 33rd America 's Cup has been delayed yet again by a lack of wind in Spain Holders Alinghi were due to face Oracle in first of three races on Monday morning It has now been rescheduled for Wednesday , with Alinghi seeking a third straight title The two syndicates have been in legal disputes since Alinghi 's last win in 2007
Now that Amy Poehler and Tina Fey have secured their spot on the Golden Globes stage through 2015 , what do they have to say about how things went last year and what audiences can expect in the future ? Well , the Hollywood Foreign Press Association talked with Poehler this morning about her initial hosting experience and what her job as co-host really means . Awards show tracker "  Well last year was really fun ! We did n't know what to expect . It was exciting to work with Tina , as always , and it was a strange experience , " Poehler said . "  We had a lot of fun so we said maybe we can try it again and like fools we are giving it another shot . Looking forward to understanding more of how the night goes and what works and what does n't . In all honesty -- just setting the tone for a really fun evening . I think as a host that 's your job . Telling some jokes , getting everyone excited and then stay out of everyone 's way . " And now that the gig is booked , when will Poehler and Fey get together and start working on their best jokes ? Believe it or not , not right away . "  I ca n't stress enough how little we will prepare until very close to the show . We 'll treat it like Weekend Update -- its a little SNL style and have to work backwards . We get a lot of jokes , write our own , talk bits and we work through them . You ca n't really do this kind of stuff too early and you ca n't overthink it , " Poehler said . Special coverage : Awards Season 2014 But planning aside , the highlight of Poehler 's hosting duties last year  a.k.a. the thing that probably helped get her back  will surprise absolutely no one . "  My highlight was sitting on George Clooney 's lap . But it all felt like a highlight . " Everyone saw that answer coming , right ? See the original story at EW.com .	Poehler says host last year 's Golden Globes "  was really fun " "  I ca n't stress enough how little we will prepare , " for next year 's show she says The actress says it 's exciting to work with Tina Fey
WIRED  -- And then there was Chrome . Apple made it clear this week that the next version of its Safari browser -- which will ship with the upcoming version of Mac OS -- will include the ability for users to tell websites not to track them , by using what 's known as the ` Do Not Track ' header , according to The Wall Street Journal . It 's a technically simple change that Mozilla  the maker of Firefox  and Microsoft  the maker of IE  have already included in their newest browsers . Those companies included the change despite the fact that no one has actually defined what tracking is . So far only two ad networks , Blue Kai and Chitika , have pledged to obey the flag . That leaves Chrome , the browser created by the online-advertising giant Google , alone in not supporting the nascent feature . And according to Google , it has no plans to do so anytime soon . "  The idea of ` Do Not Track ' is interesting , but there does n't seem to be wide consensus on what ` tracking ' really means , nor on how new proposals could be implemented in a way that respects people 's current privacy controls , " a Google spokeswoman told Wired.com by e-mail . "  We 're encouraged that standards bodies are working on these issues , and we will continue to be involved closely . " Instead of "  Do Not Track , " Google says it offers a plug-in for Chrome called "  Keep My Opt-Outs , " which prevents users from deleting opt-out cookies from advertising networks when they delete their cookies . Third-party ad networks , including Google 's Display Ad network , use cookies on the sites they advertise on to watch what users do across the net , in order to make guesses about their interests . They then can sell ad space at a premium to advertisers , offering them the opportunity to show ads for trucks only to young men interested in sports , for instance . Currently , none of those networks pays any heed to users who choose to turn on the "  Do Not Track " flag , but do pledge to respect opt-out cookies that can be set in bulk on the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page . Google says it will have a version of the cookie-retaining plug-in for IE and Firefox soon . The plug-in Google built mimics the functionality of one built by Indiana University security researcher Christopher Soghoian in 2009 , drawing on Google 's own open source code . Ironically , Soghoian was also the first to suggest the idea of a DNT header , rather than a centralized list , and helped build the first prototype last summer . Soghoian says Google 's current lack of support from its ad side is "  pretty shocking , " given that the company just got slapped by the FTC over privacy . "  Even more shocking is the lack of support from the Chrome team , " Soghoian says , pointing out that Google Chrome routinely supports tech specs that have n't been standardized by the Internet Engineering Task Force or IETF . Still , Google has a point about the ambiguity of "  Do Not Track . " In fact , Apple has many of the same concerns . In a new paper about online privacy  . pdf  submitted to the W3C standards-setting body , Apple questioned what "  tracking " means online . It argued that sending a "  Do Not Track " signal to a website would only work for sites that decide to obey it , calling it "  akin to hanging a ` privacy , please ' door hanger on an unlocked door -- most will respect it , but the persistent will simply walk in . " There is , therefore , an urgent need to document what , fairly exactly , it means . What stops working ? If nothing stops working , from the user 's point of view , there is a risk that it will be turned on all the time . Can I login ? Buy something ? What constitutes ` track ' ? If someone buys something , I can obviously record the purchase , and pretty clearly the affect -LSB- sic -RSB- on my inventory . Am I allowed to record statistical data  e.g. the type of goods bought at different times of day  ? At what point does this ` personally derived data ' turn into ` tracking ' ? Even though the FTC and the Commerce Department are behind the new technology , both companies are correct that it 's not clear what counts as tracking . For instance , if you are signed into your Facebook or Google account , can those sites catalog what you do , even if you have the flag on ? What about companies that provide analysis of what users do in bulk on a website -- such as telling you how many people visited a given page and how many pages on average a visitor looks at ? And what about so-called "  A/B " testing tools that let sites experiment by showing one logo to one set of visitors and another to a different set of users , to see which logo is more likely to convince people to sign up for the service ? But Soghoian argues that both Google 's ad program and its analytics program already let users opt out , so why not simply adopt the "  Do Not Track " flag as another signal to opt out . Answering his own question , he says it 's about money that Google stands to lose if users of its browser get an easy way to opt out of its advertising tracking . "  The opt-out cookies and their plug-in are not aimed at consumers , " Soghoian says . "  They are aimed at policy makers . Their purpose is to give them something to talk about when they get called in front of Congress . No one is using this plug-in and they do n't expect anyone to use it . " Of all the major browser makers , Google would have the most to lose if many people starting setting the flag and companies were forced , by public opinion or law , to obey it . While Google 's largest source of ad money -- search ads related to search terms -- does n't rely on behavioral tracking , its growing business of display advertising  on other websites and in YouTube  does . Ironically , the DNT header is likely not to affect Facebook , the net 's single largest display advertiser and the one company Google seems to fear . Although the social networking site knows every page you visit that has a "  Like " button or Facebook widget  at least while you are signed into Facebook  , the company says it does n't keep that data for long and does n't use it to create a profile . Instead , it targets the ads inside Facebook relying on the data its users put in its profile -- which is not likely to count as "  tracking " if a spec is finalized . In that process , Google 's concerns are being ironed out , according to Soghoian . A first pass by a Mozilla engineer and two Stanford researchers at defining the problem for the IETF suggests that sites that get opt-in consent from users can ignore the flag . So , for example , if Facebook asked users if they would mind having Facebook know what sites they visit around the web with "  Like " buttons , Facebook can make use of that data , even if a user has the "  Do Not Track " setting . Tracking users around your own site would be fine , as would be analytics software , including those run by third parties , so long as the data is n't shared with other companies . Even if Google adopts it , right now the tool is in some ways toothless . In absence of legislation , the "  Do Not Track " header does n't mean anything legally -- unless a company promises to obey it , but then does n't . That 's a situation the FTC or state attorneys general could look into under current law . But otherwise , an ad network can simply ignore it , with no legal consequences . Privacy legislation introduced this week by Sens. John Kerry  D-Massachusetts  and John McCain  R-Arizona  tightens information-sharing rules , and could include a mandate requiring U.S. companies to follow the DNT flag . And finally , Apple and Microsoft 's decision to include the "  Do Not Track " header in their browsers  and Google 's not to  brings up the question of how such a rule would apply on mobile devices and whether there should be a "  Do Not Track " flag for mobile apps . Right now , there 's no way to get a "  Do Not Track " -- capable browser on the iPhone , and Android users need to switch to Firefox Mobile to get the flag . Mobile apps have come under scrutiny from the press and even the Justice Department for allegedly mining users ' data in secret . But to have a "  Do Not Track " setting for apps would require the app platform makers -- Google , Apple , RIM and Microsoft -- to bake it into their OSes , which is a trickier situation businesswise , because the two dominant platform makers , Google and Apple , are battling over supremacy in the growing market for in-app ads . Which is a long way of saying that the "  Do Not Track " header is a simple technical change that is likely to have profound effects on the online world and the politics that surround it . Chrome did n't have to be last to the antitracking party , which shows no sign of ending soon , because Google was in on the first call when the idea was proposed , according to Soghoian . "  Google could have been first , but instead they will be last , " Soghoian said . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Apple 's next version of Safari will include the ability for users to tell websites not to track them Mozilla and Microsoft have already included in their newest browsers Google says it offers a plug-in for Chrome called "  Keep My Opt-Outs "
Atlanta  CNN  -- Tears rolled down my cheeks when I hung up the phone after interviewing Billy Ainsworth Cole , the sister of Harry "  Mike " Ainsworth , who was gunned down mercilessly last week in New Orleans in front of his two sons , ages 9 and 11 . Mike heard a woman scream as he was waiting by the school bus stop with his children . As a member of the Citizens 8th Police District Association in the Algiers Point neighborhood , Mike naturally jumped to the aid of his neighbor . When the woman tried to enter her car , a man attempting to carjack her pulled out a gun . Mike ran over and jumped on the front hood to try to stop the crime , only to be shot by the gunman . The gunman fled on foot , but left Mike stumbling a short distance away , suffering from a gunshot wound to the chest . He collapsed in a neighbor 's yard . Moments later , before emergency help could arrive , Mike died , with his sons beside him . I could have been faced with that choice . I have two children , ages 6 and 4 , along with my wife , that I would give my life to protect . But Mike 's love , not only for his children and their mother , but also for a neighbor , showed me I have a lot more love to give . Now , waiting at the bus stop with my 6 year-old , I think about what I would do if faced with a similar situation . I 've thought of myself as a courageous person , but after covering the story of Mike Ainsworth , I feel very small . Mike 's heroism sparked a lot of discussion . One friend of mine even asked me , "  Would I prefer to be a dead hero or a live witness ? " My initial thought was that it was a cold response to such a tragic situation , but I took a day to think about how I would answer that . And I decided that if my wife , my mother or daughters were the potential victims of a would-be carjacker and someone had the courage to intervene , I would be eternally grateful . No one should judge Mike Ainsworth by suggesting he made a bad decision to put himself in harm 's way . If people had the heart this man displayed through his actions , we all would be living in a better place . As we go about living our daily lives after Mike Ainsworth gave the ultimate sacrifice , his own life , to protect his neighbor we should think about what we can do to make another person 's life better . I know what I 'm going to do . I have a list of many heroes who are part of my history and have become famous in time . I 'm just going to add the name Mike Ainsworth to that list . I can imagine that Mike 's sons are having a difficult time understanding why their father is no longer with us , but the power of his spirit will live on , particularly with many other caring fathers . Mike 's story should be an inspiration that encourages people to think less about how difficult their days are and more about taking a little bit of extra time to read to their children , answer as many questions as they have and hug them a little longer than they may want . I never met Mike Ainsworth , but I sure wish I did . His story has helped me come out of my shell and given me new purpose and a determination to use whatever strength I have to help others . We report on acts of death and dying every day and that can harden you as a journalist and make you numb , but it seems I do n't report enough on the impact of life and living . Covering the story of Mike Ainsworth this past week has shown me how to open my heart a little wider , feel a little more compassionate and care a little more about others before it 's too late . I hope and pray that Mike 's two young sons and their mother , Cheryl , realize that Mike was not only a pillar of strength in the community but that his actions provide a rock solid foundation to support the rest of their lives . Thank you Mike Ainsworth for showing us how to love thy neighbor and live our lives as a pillar of strength . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	Rick Martin says he cried after interviewing the sister of a Good Samaritan Mike Ainsworth ran to the aid of a neighbor threatened with a carjacking Ainsworth was shot in a New Orleans neighborhood and died while his two sons watched Martin : Ainsworth 's sacrifice showed how a man can be a pillar of strength for a community
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Is Marco Rubio auditioning for vice president -- or secretary of State ? The Florida senator -- a Republican Party rock star who has been entrusted with the Herculean task of pulling the GOP out of the hole that it has dug with Latino voters because of harsh rhetoric on immigration -- delivered a substantive speech on U.S. foreign policy Wednesday at the Brookings Institution . It was an ambitious subject choice . At the moment , Rubio could read the Miami-Dade phone book and he 'd get his share of media attention . A speech like this suggests he 's trying to prove something -- or perhaps prove himself worthy of all the attention he is already receiving . As for the speech itself , Rubio 's message was right on target . He stressed the idea that the United States remains what former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright called the world 's indispensable nation . "  On the most difficult transnational challenges of our time , " Rubio asked , "  who will lead if we do not ? The answer , at least today , is that no other nation or organization is willing or able to do so . " You would think that , for some folks in my profession , Rubio is the indispensable politician . What would we do without him ? Any story involving him is bound to get a lot of attention . As speculation builds that presumptive GOP nominee Mitt Romney has his eye on the charismatic 40-year-old Cuban-American as a possible running mate , political observers want to learn everything they can about him . Some of what we 're learning could be embarrassing to Rubio , like the tidbit that surfaced this week about his maternal grandfather . The story appears in a forthcoming and unauthorized biography of the senator by Manuel Roig-Franzia of the Washington Post . Rubio was born to Cuban exiles in Miami in 1971 , and so he 's automatically a U.S. citizen . But , according to excerpts from the book , which is due out in June , his grandfather , Pedro Victor Garcia , entered the United States without a visa in 1962 and spent the next few years in legal limbo while pleading for leniency from U.S. immigration officials . Finally , Garcia was ordered to leave the United States . Normally , this kind of family history would hardly be worth mentioning . And , while I expect that some right-wing talk show hosts will suggest that the reason the media is mentioning it now is to try to sour conservatives on Rubio , that 's really not what 's going on here . Conservatives are n't likely to hold Rubio accountable for the actions of his grandfather . This story is important because it drives a wedge between Rubio and the voters he is supposed to be able to deliver to the Republican Party . When you 're a Cuban-American politician who is being put forth by your party to help get votes from Latino voters -- the majority of whom are Mexican or Mexican-American -- things can get complicated . When it comes to immigrating to the United States , Cubans get preferred status . Thanks to the Cuban Adjustment Act , which was enacted in 1966 -- or four years after Rubio 's grandfather came to the United States -- Cuban refugees who flee the Island and reach the U.S. shoreline have a clear path to legal residency and eventual citizenship . Mexican immigrants are n't so fortunate . So when Cuban-Americans do what Rubio has done since arriving in the Senate 16 months ago and take a hardline against illegal immigration , Mexicans and Mexican-Americans have been known to cringe . After all , that 's easy for them to say . Last year , Rubio came under criticism from fellow Latinos for getting wrong the year that his parents came to United States . It turned out that they left Cuba before Castro took power , making them immigrants and not refugees . So here we have one more thing that Mexicans and Mexican-Americans can use against Rubio to try to take him down a peg or two . They 'll gladly remind him that he 's no better than they are , and that while some of their ancestors may have come to this country illegally , so did at least one of his . As bad as this relationship has been , it 's about to get worse because of "  grandpa-gate . " Stories like this make Rubio damaged goods and less useful in luring Latinos to the Republican ticket . That being the case , his vice presidential stock has to be plummeting . What good does it do the ticket for Rubio to be popular with whites and Cuban-Americans ? Republicans are likely to get the majority of those votes anyway . His value is all wrapped up in how well he plays with Mexicans and Mexican-Americans . And right now , the answer is "  not well . " Marco Rubio on the GOP ticket ? I would n't bet on it . Say , maybe secretary of State would be a good consolation prize after all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Marco Rubio is considered a rising star among Republicans Ruben Navarrette says Rubio 's family history may clash with his hardline immigration view New report says Rubio 's grandfather entered U.S. illegally from Cuba Navarrette says Rubio may not help boost Romney 's support among Mexican-Americans
Enrique Perez 's daughter was born a boy . But , from an early age , Perez says , his first-born made clear a preference for pink clothes , dolls and "  anything princess . " The family lived in Mexico at the time and decided to support her choices . She grew her hair long and wore pink clothes to school . She was 5 years old in December 2012 when she declared that she wanted to ditch the boy toys , pierce her ears and "  live fully " as a girl -- pronouns and all , Perez said . Her parents again decided to respect her wishes . Since moving from Mexico City to New York in 2013 , they 've only told school officials and close friends about her transition . They want people to get to know her without preconceived notions . Perez asked to withhold her name from this article to avoid making her a poster child on the Internet for transgender youth . There have been ups and downs , but seeing his daughter happy on a daily basis leaves no doubt in Perez 's mind that "  this is the way she is . " When the opportunity arose for the family to walk in New York City 's annual Pride March this Sunday , she was eager to participate to show that she 's not ashamed of who she is and that she supports others like her . "  We are happy to be a part of something like the parade , and that 's because we are happy to be supportive of her , " Perez said in a phone interview from his New York home . "  She has taught us -- and I totally agree -- that it 's nothing to be ashamed of . " ` Pride is for kids , too ' The Perez walked with other families of gender nonconforming children in a group of 150 people led by the Ackerman Institute 's Gender and Family Project . The organization , which offers support services for families of transgender and nonconforming children , including the Perez family , walked under the banner "  Pride Is For Kids , Too . " Jean Malpas , director of the Gender and Family Project , says it was the first contingent in NYC Pride March to feature transgender and nonconforming youth and their families . "  GFP and the participating families very much hope that such a positive demonstration of pride and support for gender nonconforming children and transgender adolescents will inspire other families to provide the supportive and caring environment these children need to live happy lives , " Malpas said . The group 's presence at NYC Pride March was the latest effort from the transgender community to increase its visibility within the LGBT rubric and beyond . It also comes at a time when legislators and school districts nationwide are weighing policies to protect and support transgender and gender nonconforming youth . "  We 're definitely in the middle of a gender revolution and it 's exciting , " said Johanna Olson , medical director of the Transyouth Health and Development Program at Children 's Hospital Los Angeles . "  We 've come long way in a relatively short time , but the flip side is people are still being killed for being transgender , " she said . "  We still have a long way to go . " Transgender and gender nonconforming children and their families have been part of Pride events across the country , she said . Putting transgender children in the public eye through events like Pride underscores the message that gender nonconformity starts at an early age and is not something to be ashamed of , said Olson , who works with families of gender nonconforming children . Research shows that allowing children to express their true gender identity from an early age leads to better mental health outcomes down the road , she said . After all , "  transgender adults started as transgender kids , " she said . ` We are a normal family ' Coming out publicly as a family with young gender nonconforming children is not easy , and it 's not for everyone , said author Lori Duron , who shares her family 's experiences with a gender nonconforming son on her blog , Raising my Rainbow . She started the blog in January 2011 to build a community at a time when even fewer existed than do now for families like hers . She wanted others to know they were not alone , but she did not want to overexpose her son or make him the sole focus of the conversation . Ultimately , she and her husband decided it was worth the risk . To alleviate privacy concerns , she uses pseudonyms on her site and does not show her children 's faces . "  We decided it was important for us to be advocates and for people to see that we are a normal family , " she said . She has learned to look beyond the hate mail and focus on the growing community she has helped build . Besides , the benefits of having a happy son who feels comfortable in his skin far outweigh negativity from strangers and Internet trolls . "  There 's something empowering about owning it and saying this is who I am , this is who my kid is , and I 'm not going to hide him . I 'm going to celebrate him . " Pride becomes family friendly NYC Pride March is open to anyone , regardless of age , said David Studinski , NYC Pride March director . Youth participants have been a part of the march since the inaugural 1970 event , and organizers have long welcomed transgender youth and adults . "  Gender nonconforming and transgender individuals face challenges within our own community , say nothing of the vast array of perceptions they experience outside of it . Compound that with the trials and tribulations of childhood and adolescence , and it 's quite obvious why these amazing young people deserve to see 2 million people supporting them along Fifth Avenue , " Studinski said . "  What the world will see in return are smiling young faces , lit up by the ecstatic energy of rainbow-flag-waving spectators . If they 're OK with who they are , the world should be , too . " Families , including infants and young children , have been a growing presence at Pride events across the country as they become more family-friendly . This year marked NYC Pride 's second "  Family Movie Night " as part of the weeklong lineup , and Boy Scouts in uniform led the color guard at Pride March under the Scouts for Equality banner . With legislative support for same-sex marriage spreading , NYC Pride March organizers decided to invite transgender actor Laverne Cox to be grand marshal to draw attention to parts of the LGBT community "  where progress in greater society is still needed , " Studinski said . "  Understanding what it means to be a transgender individual is one of those areas . " ` Acceptance is protection ' Parents who make use of of the Gender and Family Project 's services started talking about participating in NYC Pride March earlier this year . Involving children was a natural extension of the program 's goals to de-stigmatize gender nonconformity , program director Malpas said . Feedback from families over time has shown that "  acceptance is protection , " and that people feel safe when they feel society accepts them . "  The highest degree of acceptance is celebration , not that I just tolerate or accept you , but that I celebrate and embrace you , " Malpas said . "  There is value in saying it publicly . It 's saying to your child I will go out and I will publicly show the world that I really celebrate you and I really love who you are and I 'm not ashamed , " he said . Some families preferred to watch the parade from the sidelines rather than march in it , Malpas said . Others , like Enrique Perez and his wife , discussed it with their daughter , but it was clear from the start which way she would lean . After all , this is a girl who told a boy in her first week at a new school in a new country that she was "  born a boy but always felt like a girl , " her father recalled . "  We were surprised that she was the one spreading the word , " he said . "  But , as I see it , that 's who she is and I 'm glad to think she fully accepts what she 's going through . " People tend to underestimate children 's ability to understand and talk about their gender identity , Olson said . Young children can tell if they 're different , but fewer challenge the pressure to conform to society 's gender standards . Parental support helps them find the words -- and courage -- to express how they feel . "  If your child says something to you then you know that they 're capable of having discussions about public displays of their pride , " she said . It 's true , people will judge you for your decisions , Olson said . But at some point , parents need to take a stand for their children . "  You can suppress and oppress your child 's authentic gender so you do n't have to worry about what strangers think , but then you will have a very anxious child who will be at a high risk for very negative outcomes , " she said . "  We should help children learn resiliency and to be confident and proud of who they are , " she said . Hatred , hostility , even violence are all real risks whenever you take to the streets for an unpopular cause , she said . But , she said , history has shown that the willingness of some to take those risks "  moves the world forward . "	Transgender , gender nonconforming youths walked in NYC Pride March Group says it was first to feature gender nonconforming kids and their families in Pride March Parent : Letting transgender daughter march shows family supports her Advocates encourage families to weigh pros and cons of putting children in public view
CNN  -- The United States faces "  a 10-year issue " in Syria as it weighs how deeply it wants to get involved the country 's civil war , the top U.S. military officer warned in an interview that aired Sunday . Army Gen. Martin Dempsey told CNN 's State of the Union that the conflict is entwined in a regional issue that is now spilling over into both Lebanon and Iraq , and those underlying causes "  will persist for 10 years . " "  It is related -- not exclusively -- but related to a competition at best and a conflict at worse between the Sunni and Shia sects of Islam , and it 's been hijacked at some level on both sides by extremists -- al Qaeda on one side and Lebanese Hezbollah and others on the other side , " said Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . He added , "  This is about a 10-year issue , and if we fail to think about it as a 10-year regional issue , we could make some mistakes . " Syria 's civil war began in early 2011 , when the government of President Bashar al-Assad turned police and troops on anti-government demonstrations . The crackdown mushroomed into a conflict that has left more than more than 90,000 dead , according to the United Nations . The Obama administration announced in June that government troops had crossed a "  red line " by using chemical weapons against rebel forces , prompting it to increase what has so far been non-lethal aid to the opposition . The administration plans to send small arms , ammunition and potentially anti-tank weapons to Syria 's rebels , officials familiar with the matter told CNN . Critics such as Sen. John McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , call the response too little , too late . "  As usual , on these issues , they 're undecided and going forward with a debate while events transpire , " McCain told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " on Sunday . "  There 's no better example of that than Syria , as we continue to watch Hezbollah , thousands of fighters ; we see Russian weapons pouring in , and slaughter of now over 100,000 people . And we 're going to send them light weapons ? Light weapons do n't do well against tanks . " But Dempsey , Obama 's principal military adviser , told CNN the war in Syria is "  not a simple matter of stopping the fight by the introduction of any particular U.S. capability . " Angelina Jolie turns spotlight on Syria "  It seems to me that we need to understand what the peace will look like before we start the war , " he said . What complicates the question of military support for the opposition is that many of the rebel fighters are militants with pro-al Qaeda sympathies , the same stripe of militants America has battled in Iraq and Afghanistan . They include the al-Nusra Front , a rebel group that the United States says has links to al Qaeda . Meanwhile , the United States has been bolstering efforts to keep the conflict from spreading to Jordan , where an American military presence is quietly growing . And in discussions of the use of air power to enforce a "  no-fly " zone , as was done in Libya 's civil war in 2011 , Dempsey has raised concerns about the need for clear objectives and a full understanding of the risks before acting . No sanctuary for Syria 's female refugees	Syria is a regional conflict where causes "  will persist for 10 years , " Dempsey says "  We need to understand what the peace will look like before we start the war " Washington is weighing whether to arm Syrian rebels The administration is "  going forward with a debate while events transpire , " McCain says
CNN  Prince William arrived in Beijing on Sunday -- the first visit to China by a senior member of the British Royal Family in three decades -- and he might have been expecting a dose of culture shock . But chances are he 'll feel right at home . From television shows and etiquette lessons to private schools and mock Tudor housing developments , China has been embracing British culture with a passion . Chinese viewers are captivated in their millions by shows like "  Sherlock Holmes " and "  Downton Abbey , " with the former 's star , Benedict Cumberbatch , so popular he has his own Chinese nickname -- Curly Blessing . The fascination with Edwardian England depicted in Downton has created a growing demand for butlers , and the country 's elite are donning tweeds and taking up deer stalking . "  Downton Abbey depicts traditional British , high-class lives . It something that I and many other Chinese are curious about , " said student Cherrie Zhang . It 's not just television shows . Affluent Chinese parents are sending their children to British schools after some of the most notable names in British education have established campuses in China . Harrow , Wellington College and Dulwich College have all opened sister schools in the country . And the obsession with British culture has taken a bizarre turn in Thames Town , a housing development on the outskirts of Shanghai that resembles a quaint English town , complete with replica red telephone booths . It 's crucial that Prince William capitalizes on these cultural ties during his high-profile visit , which is being viewed as the first real test of his diplomatic skills . "  It will tell us something about how he will handle one of the most important diplomatic relationships when he comes to throne , " said Kerry Brown , a professor of Chinese politics at the University of Sydney and a former British diplomat . "  And I think China will put some capital in his visit because this guy is not a politician , who come and go , but  someone who  will be around for quite a while . " Cultural exports are viewed as a growth area that the prince can promote . China spent 17 million pounds on UK TV programs and formats in 2013 , a 40 % increase on the year before , but they form a small part of the overall trade balance . And while London has been successful in attracting Chinese investment , UK companies have not thrived in China the same way as some of their U.S. and German counterparts . Previous trips by Royals have been gaffe ridden . When the Queen and Prince Philip spent time in China in 1986 , the Queen 's husband caused offense when he told a group of British students : "  If you stay here much longer , you 'll all be slitty-eyed . " Prince Charles , William 's father , has never visited China but described the country 's leaders as "  appalling old waxworks " during his visit to Hong Kong in 1997 . His close ties with the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , have also angered China 's leaders . Prince William will visit Beijing 's Forbidden City , attend the Chinese premiere of the British-produced children 's animated movie "  Paddington " in Shanghai and launch a campaign to celebrate British innovation during the three-day trip . Before China , he is spending three days in Japan . The prince will also get a chance to champion one of his favorite causes -- combating the illegal trade in wildlife -- when he visits an elephant sanctuary in southwestern China "  If he can make some kind of link in China , if he can instinctively show he gets it , that could be an important thing , " Brown said . But the relationship between the UK and China comes laden with "  stacks of historic baggage , " Brown adds , and the prince will have to tread carefully , particularly over the former colony of Hong Kong , where the push for a free vote has strained ties between Britain and China , the current landlords . British lawmakers were denied permission to visit the city on a "  fact-finding " mission last year amid heated pro-democracy protests . What 's more , it 's not clear how much "  star power " Prince William has in China , especially without his glamorous wife Kate , who at eight months pregnant wo n't make the trip , and his young son George . An informal survey conducted by the UK 's Telegraph newspaper in Beijing showed that many struggled to recognize the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge -- one thought the couple were in the movie "  Titanic " -- and there are fears his visit will struggle to attract interest among ordinary Chinese . "  The Royal Family are not really a big deal to me , " said Zhang , the Downton Abbey fan . Serena Dong in Beijing contributed to this report	Prince William arrives in China on Sunday after visiting Japan China has embraced British culture , especially TV shows like "  Downton Abbey " Trip presents diplomatic test for Prince William
Beijing  CNN  -- China 's new First Lady is poised to impress -- and burnish China 's image overseas . Peng Liyuan , wife of China 's new president Xi Jinping , made her debut as China 's First Lady this week accompanying Xi in his first overseas trip as China 's new state president . Wearing a belted overcoat , accented by a stand-up collar and a light-blue scarf , she stood next to Xi when they arrived in Moscow , the first stop of Xi 's three-nation trip . Smiling radiantly , she shook hands with the Russian hosts , a step or two behind her husband . "  We 've always looked forward to having an elegant First Lady that 's presentable to the outside world , " a Chinese official told me . "  Now we have one . " Many Chinese are similarly enthused. : "  The U.S. has Michelle  Obama  , we have Peng Liyuan , " wrote micro-blogger @mlxftmilixiaofantuan . Peng , 51 , hardly needs help when it comes to public relations . She is a popular soprano , widely known in China for her soaring , glass-breaking voice and patriotic folk songs . Her top hits include "  People from Our Village " and "  On the Plains of Hope . " Will she be as good a First Lady as she is a soprano ? "  Of course , " the Chinese official replied . "  She looks elegant , she is a successful professional and she comes from a modest background . " Peng was born to a family of artists in Shandong Province . Her mother was a member of a local art troupe ; her father was a curator of local museum . In a TV talk-show interview a few years ago , Peng recalled the time when as a child she first saw a camera brought home by her father , who refused to take her picture because the camera was "  state-owned , " not a family property . Later , her uncle secretly took her picture that became her only childhood portrait . At age 14 , Peng enrolled at a local university of art and design . Four years later , she joined the arts troupe of the People 's Liberation Army as a soprano . She holds a master 's degree in traditional ethnic music and now serves as the dean of the Art Academy of the People 's Liberation Army . She holds the rank of a major general . Peng became a superstar in 1983 , when she sang in the first Lunar New Year 's TV extravaganza , broadcast nationwide by state-owned China Central Television  CCTV  . The gala show was big hit and has since become the most watched and lucratively sponsored TV show in China , comparable to the annual Superbowl in the United States . Peng had performed in the annual TV gala show almost every year until 2007 , when Xi was promoted into the top-tier of the Communist Party , making him the presumptive paramount leader of China . Peng quietly faded from public view . She has taken up charity-related positions with limited exposure . In those roles , political analysts say , Peng has helped soften Xi Jinping 's public image . She became an ambassador for tobacco control in 2009 . Last year , she was appointed as the ambassador for the fight against tuberculosis and HIV/AIDS for the World Health Organization , an initiative aided by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation . Chinese analysts think Peng can similarly help burnish China 's image overseas by projecting a softer touch . "  I believe Peng has the prerequisites and the ability to contribute to China 's diplomacy , " said Liu Guchang , a former ambassador to Russia . Still , the idea of a high-profile Chinese First Lady conjures the ghost of Jiang Qing , Chairman Mao 's fourth wife . A film starlet who later rose to the pinnacle of political power during the Cultural Revolution , Jiang was often depicted as an Iron Lady who rode on the coattails of her omnipotent husband . Before she was arrested and jailed in the late 1970s , Jiang Qing was the high-profile cultural czar during the last years of Chairman Mao 's rule . She sat in the elite communist party politburo and served as the final arbiter of political correctness in China 's art and culture . I had never met Jiang Qing , but I do remember seeing her inside Beijing 's Capital Theater one night in November 1971 , when we watched the "  Red Detachment of Women , " a revolution-themed ballet she had co-produced . A few minutes before the show started , the theater lights dimmed and a group of VIPs took the front seats . She was one of them , it turned out . All through the show , I saw her giving show-related instructions to the officials beside her . In contrast to Jiang Qing , China 's First Ladies in the 1980s and 90 's kept a low public profile . Deng Xiaoping 's wife , Zhuo Lin , stayed in the background even when she accompanied Deng during his travels in and outside China . Wang Yeping rarely tagged along Chinese president Jiang Zemin , in part because of her frail health . Liu Yongqing , wife of former president Hu Jintao , rarely appeared â $ " and almost never spoke â $ " in public , even inside China . Many Chinese expect Peng Liyuan to break the old mold . "  Her human touch will get Xi closer to the people , " wrote microblogger @Laiyingutou . "  Compared to former first ladies in China , she will definitely get more attention . " Li Yinhe , a sociologist at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences said the Communist Party would be wise to use Peng as a "  soft weapon " at home and abroad . "  If people see that Xi has such a beautiful wife , it would make the  communist  party seem more human and less robotic , " she told the New York Times . Still , Peng 's fans have one slight worry . "  Our only concern is , she might unintentionally upstage our No. 1 leader , " said one . CNN 's Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report	Peng Liyuan , wife of China 's new president Xi Jinping , made her debut as China 's First Lady She is a popular soprano , widely known in China for her soaring , glass-breaking voice Chinese analysts think Peng can similarly help burnish China 's image overseas "  Our only concern is , she might unintentionally upstage our No. 1 leader "
CNN  -- As many as 10,000 albinos are in hiding in east Africa over fears that they will be dismembered and their body parts sold to witchdoctors , the Red Cross said in a recent report . The killings of albinos in Burundi and Tanzania , who are targeted because their body parts are believed to have special powers , have sparked fears among the population in the two countries , the report said . Body parts of albinos are sought in some regions of Africa because they are believed to bring wealth and good luck . Attackers chop off limbs and pluck out organs to sell to dealers , who in turn sell them to witchdoctors . Scores of albinos have fled to Tanzanian schools for the disabled or in emergency shelters set up by police in Burundi to avoid attacks , according to the report . "  Thousands more albinos across a huge swathe of countryside ... are unable to move freely to trade , study or cultivate fields for fear of albino hunters , " the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said . Tanzanian government officials have said they are mobilizing police to help the embattled population , but admit it is hard to quell the attacks . Most happen in rural areas , where there is not enough police presence , according to Lucca Haule , assistant commissioner of police . "  We do n't have the resources in those places ... it is not easy , but we are trying to map out locations where albinos live so that we can better protect them , " he told CNN earlier this month . In early November , a court sentenced four people to death in northern Tanzania for killing an albino man and selling his body parts . So far , seven people have been sentenced to death for the killing of more than 50 Tanzanian albinos , including children , in the past two years , Haule said . Dozens more are awaiting trial . Albinism is a genetic condition that leads to little or no pigment in the eyes , skin and hair . African albinos are discriminated against and face segregation most of their lives . They also battle a high risk of skin cancer . The aid agency said it is helping albinos find indoor employment by teaching them skin care tips , including using protective hats and long-sleeved shirts . "  Even before the killings began two years ago , albino people in tropical Africa suffered an array of afflictions that made physical survival a desperate struggle , " said Salif Keita , a Malian albino singer and human rights activist . The Red Cross societies in both countries said they need support to respond to the humanitarian crisis . Since 2007 , at least 44 Tanzanian albinos have been killed and 14 in Burundi . Some organizations have put the number at more than 50 in Tanzania .	About 10,000 albinos in hiding in east Africa over fears they will be dismembered Albinos have been killed in Burundi and Tanzania because their body parts are believed to have special powers Tanzanian government officials mobilizing police to help embattled population
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- As Christmas season went into full swing this year , Glen Fullmer 's 7-year-old son came home from school with an assignment : Make a poster illustrating his family holiday traditions . The boy was n't sure how to proceed because he and his family are Baha'is , not Christians , and they have no holidays during the Christmas season . Thus , Fullmer encountered the "  December Dilemma " -- the term used for the quandaries and anxieties non-Christians and interfaith couples face during Christmas season . Fullmer , a Baha'i faith spokesman who lives in Evanston , Illinois , said he saw the poster assignment as a "  teachable moment " for his 4 - , 7 - and 10-year-old sons who associated holiday traditions with Christmas . He reminded his boys that Baha'is have a gift-giving and charity period in February called Ayyam-i-Ha , a stretch of time not unlike the Christmas season . And he helped his son design the poster about that holiday , which precedes a fasting period and then the Baha'i New Year in March . "  His classmates asked him questions about the holiday , and one of his friends came up to him and wants to celebrate that holiday , " Fullmer said , pleased that his son 's peers helped him reaffirm his identity . Navigating the Christmas season can be a challenge for the millions of people who do n't celebrate the holiday . Many acknowledge and sometime embrace the season 's customs , such as gift-giving and sending out greeting cards , while at the same time they are conscious of maintaining their own religious identities . "  They strongly try to maintain their own integrity , but they really want to find bridges across holidays , " said the Rev. Dr. Paul Numrich , a professor at the Theological Consortium of Greater Columbus in Ohio . "  I think that 's the majority . " L.S. Narasimhan , chairman of the Georgia Indo-American Chamber of Commerce , is a Hindu and does n't celebrate Christmas . But he said he admires the Christian celebrations of his friends and has attended Christmas Eve services at several churches . "  Hindus are typically more open-minded and tolerant . Hinduism is very comfortable in accommodating a diversity of ideas , " he said . "  It is very common for Hindu families to have Christmas trees at their homes , purely as a fun thing to do for their children . When they visit shopping malls , Hindu parents in general are comfortable with a photo-op for their little kids with Santa . " But at the same time , there are pressures about the encroachment of Christianity on Hindu life . "  Television commercials , good selection of merchandise and great sale prices persuade Hindu-Americans to take advantage of the shopping spree , " Narasimhan said . "  Several Hindu temples have risen up to the challenge and added some special Hindu prayers and ceremonies to engage Hindus who are on winter holidays but not on overseas vacations . " Dr. Shefali Chheda , an Atlanta-area pediatrician , is a Jain -- practicing a religion with Indian roots . Growing up in Houston , Texas , she said her parents "  felt comfortable letting us celebrate Christmas , " perhaps to help fit into American society and maintain a sense of normalcy . "  The spirit and meaning of Christmas , of helping others and of giving , are nice messages . Therefore , it is hard to consciously object to it , " Chheda said . "  Jains , as a whole , are a minority in India . Many Jains celebrate Hindu holidays , so celebrating Christmas with Santa and a tree and presents is no different . Since Jains wholeheartedly believe in ` ahimsa ' -- peace toward all living beings in thought , word and action -- the Christmas spirit is a very Jain-like philosophy . " The religious aspect of Christmas -- believing Jesus is the savior and that December 25 is his birthday -- is not celebrated in Jainism , but the customs and symbols are interwoven into daily life , she said . "  Now that I have toddlers in the house , they come home with stories about Christmas . They sing songs about Rudolph and Santa , and Kwanzaa , and Hanukkah . But it 's Santa that everyone talks about , so they talk about him as well , " Chheda said . "  I use Santa as a behavioral modification tool . ` Santa 's watching you , so you better be good ' works infinitely better than timeout . My kids will be living in this country ; they will have a hard enough time anyway with their names and food and other cultural traditions ; Christmas -- and the Christmas spirit -- is not one tradition that I want to take away from them . " Jesus plays a role in the theology of other religions , such as the Baha'i faith and Islam , even though those faiths do n't observe Christmas as a religious holiday . The Christmas season presented a struggle for Haris Tarin , director of the Washington office of the Muslim Public Affairs Committee . He grew up in Los Angeles , California , area schools , where he sang the ever-present Christmas carols and made the gingerbread houses in schools but did n't have a tree in his home . "  We definitely had a little bit of anxiety in childhood , " Tarin said . But that changed as he grew up and refined his American Muslim persona amid the American atmosphere of diversity and tolerance . Now , where he and his family live in northern Virginia , "  we do n't celebrate Christmas . We celebrate our holidays " -- pointing , for example , to Eid al-Fitr after Ramadan and Eid al-Adha after the hajj pilgrimage . But he welcomes the goodwill of the season -- the gift-exchanges with non-Muslim neighbors and the requests from schoolteachers to talk about Muslim holidays . "  There 's definitely going to be a level of discomfort , especially for those who are n't used to that diverse culture that we belong to , " he said . But the unease spawns discussion , presenting a useful opportunity to help young people and newcomers , he said . For Jews , the eight-day holiday of Hanukkah happens to fall during the Christmas season . Hanukkah is wildly popular and observed , with its special foods , gift-giving and candle lighting , and with its symbols such as the menorah -- a candelabrum -- and the dreidel , a toy that spins like a top . Compared with other non-Christians , many Jews have drawn a sharper line in the sand when it comes to observing Christmas , a stance informed by historic , theological and self-preservation reasons . That attitude emerged recently during a young professionals ' get-together at an Indian restaurant outside Atlanta sponsored by the American Jewish Committee and Young Indian Professionals . People there indicated that attending Christmas-themed holiday parties , exchanging greeting cards and wishing Christian friends "  Merry Christmas " are surely not uncommon or unacceptable among Jews . But some practices are widely shunned -- such as plunking one 's child on Santa 's lap at the mall , and deplored -- such as assigning kids in public schools to write a letter to Santa Claus . "  It 's a beautiful season . It brings out a joy , " said Hannah Vahaba , who organized the Jewish-Indian event . "  But I 'm not going to celebrate it . " Interfaith couples celebrate their diversity during the Christmas season . Jeff Silver , a certified public accountant who is Jewish , and Shweta Gupta , a dentist who is Hindu , are planning their marriage next year . They will have an interfaith household and said they hope to raise children to understand both of their traditions . At their home in Atlanta , they 've set up a holiday tree decorated with Hindu and Jewish ornaments . Non-religious Americans embrace a December "  secular holiday " called HumanLight . Patrick Colucci , vice chair of the HumanLight Committee and member of the New Jersey Humanist Network , said the holiday can uplift "  atheist , humanist and nonreligious " people who feel left out and isolated during Christmas . It was a perfect fit for him when it came along , he said , because "  it corresponds with my humanity-based ethics and values , without any supernatural or theistic beliefs . My ` holiday season ' is HumanLight and New Year 's Eve -- that 's what I celebrate . " "  The only dilemma , in my experience is , if Christmas is part of the larger family tradition , and then some family members reject us for not believing in it anymore . We 're not out to take Christmas away from anyone who wants to celebrate it -- there is no ` war on Christmas , ' " Colucci said . How do Christians themselves see the presence and practices of non-Christians during Christmas ? While many would like to see non-Christians convert to Christianity , they also recognize that the United States is a "  diverse society " and that conversion "  is not even on their radar screen , " said Numrich , the theology professor . "  There 's a deep American virtue in respecting religious differences , " he said .	Non-Christians and interfaith couples often face quandaries and anxieties during holidays Many acknowledge and sometime embrace customs of the Christmas season Others remain conscious of maintaining their own religious identities
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military says a recent raid uncovered a detailed letter from an al Qaeda in Iraq militant to the group 's leader about how the insurgent network should continue to generate economic chaos and "  psychological conflict " and must bear down against American-backed Sunni militias . An Iraqi mother and daughter are helped Tuesday after a car bombing in Baquba blamed on al Qaeda in Iraq . Maj. Gen. Kevin Bergner told reporters at a news conference on Wednesday about a letter to Abu Ayyub al-Masri , the head of al Qaeda in Iraq , from a militant named Abu Safyan . The document was posted on the Multi-National Forces-Iraq Web site . The sentiments reflect the tenacity of and continuing challenges posed by the predominantly Sunni militant network believed to be responsible for bombings that erupted across Iraq on Tuesday . Bergner said it "  provides further evidence about the strategy and tactics of violence " the group is pursuing . Bergner said a March 5 raid northwest of Baghdad resulted in three insurgents killed , including Abu Safyan , and three others captured . Troops seized a suicide vest , computer material and a stack of documents , including the document from Abu Safyan -- who was believed to be from Diyala province . Abu Safyan lays out a variety of tactics that militants should pursue . "  We must always leave the enemy in psychological conflict " so that "  they can never have stability , " according to the document . With such instability , they "  will not all unite against us , " it adds . Bergner said that while authorities are investigating Tuesday 's bombings in Baghdad , Ramadi , Mosul , and Baquba that killed 60 people and wounded more than 100 others , the strikes have the "  hallmark " of being perpetuated by al Qaeda in Iraq . The group has been considered the coalition 's top foe in Iraq , even though troops have been distracted in recent weeks by fighting rogue Shiite militias . Al Qaeda in Iraq has been described by military officials as having a largely foreign leadership but made up of Iraqis . It is distinct from al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan , but it is not clear how closely both the Iraqi and the South Asian al Qaeda groups cooperate . The letter details the need for fostering "  security chaos " among the anti-al Qaeda in Iraq and mostly Sunni awakening groups , Shiites and Kurds , the coalition forces , and the government . "  This will lead to weaken them , particularly the Maliki Shia government , by wisely , intelligently and cautiously spreading sedition among them , " the letter said , referring to Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . In the letter , Abu Safyan considers awakening groups a top threat to al Qaeda in Iraq and proposes a media campaign that would discredit the awakening forces by passing along false information about them . The jihadi says al Qaeda in Iraq militants should consider infiltrating the government and security forces to foster trust . That atmosphere would enable militants to conduct attacks , including strikes against Shiites . "  We will work against them and attack them as they fight among themselves , " Abu Safyan is quoted as saying . Abu Safyan also calls for the disrupting the economy by attacking gas and oil fields , pipelines , tankers , electric stations and power lines . He suggests contaminating water lines and lakes . Such sabotage would serve to "  halt payment of the military and police salaries and the awakening movement associated with the occupier and Maliki 's malignant government . Even the American Army will weaken since it depends on the Iraqi oil and gas wealth . The enemy will gradually drown step by step . " Abu Safyan talks about the need to "  bring many brothers who have sharia knowledge and abide by the teachings of Islam from the outside of Iraq . " "  They will explain to the people why we are fighting and whom we are fighting with , we must explain to them whom the mujahideen are and who are the people we 're fighting . " The militant also called for good protection of communities under their control . "  We must dig trenches around the villages and cities to prevent the enemy from entering our areas , " the document said . Abu Safyan also called for organizing fighting groups by having an emir as commander with sniper , assassination and martyrs ' groups . It also cautions vigilance against allowing the "  enemy " to infiltrate its apparatus and exhorts its fighters to keep silent about operations . Sometimes , "  they speak of our operations and area 's secrets among their families and their wives in their houses , which unfortunately lead to the spread of our secrets . " E-mail to a friend	Letter from al Qaeda in Iraq militant found after he was slain , U.S. says Letter urges al Qaeda in Iraq to fight against American-backed Sunni militias Document also cautions vigilance against infiltrators
CNN Student News  -- September 12 , 2014 This Friday , CNN Student News discusses an upcoming independence vote in Scotland , the dangers of opiates , and the difficulty of containing a deadly virus in West Africa . We also feature a Character Study about a woman who dedicated her life to both hearing and helping lions roar . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . On what issue did President Obama postpone a planned executive order until after the midterm elections ? 2 . On what river would you find the Haditha Dam , where U.S. airstrikes assisted Iraqi forces in battling terrorists Sunday ? 3 . In which U.S. state would you find Lake Oroville , which has been virtually dried up by drought ? 4 . Hamas is the militant group that controls what Palestinian territory ? 5 . In what ocean have officials launched a revised search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 ? 6 . What NFL running back was suspended indefinitely after video surfaced showing him assaulting his then-fiancee ? 7 . In the first-ever telephone call , who said he wanted to see Mr. Watson ? 8 . In what U.S. national park would you find Half Dome ? 9 . Who wrote the poem "  The Star-Spangled Banner " during the Battle of Baltimore 200 years ago ? 10 . What division of the United Kingdom is scheduled to vote on whether it should become an independent nation ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
CNN  -- Off Peru 's Pacific coast , thousands of dolphins are being slaughtered to be used solely as shark bait -- despite the practice being outlawed by the South American country . The London-based Ecologist Film Unit recently recorded one of the hunts in an undercover investigation and released its material . On a crisp , sunny day , the group joins a fishing vessel as it goes through rough water riding closer and closer to dusky dolphins swimming under the ship 's bow . The crew aims to plunge a harpoon into the pod , assuring it travels all the way through the body of one of the mammals . Bleeding profusely , the dolphin is hauled on board and almost immediately dies on the deck of the vessel . With his sharpened knife , a Peruvian fisherman then peels the skin off the dolphin 's back and carefully cuts the severed body into thin slices . Even though dolphin killings have been outlawed by Peru 's legislature since 1996 , Stefan Austermuhle , executive director of the animal conservation group Mundo Azul , said fishermen have continued to target the mammals . He estimated more than 10,000 dolphins are being killed every year in Peruvian waters . China 's white dolphins headed for extinction ? Despite the law prohibiting the human consumption and sales of dolphin meat , Mudo Azul asserts there 's been weak law enforcement and lack of awareness . "  In recent years , there 's been an upsurge in the targeting of sharks . The shark meat is predominantly consumed within Peru , but the fins we 're told are being exported to the Far East for use as shark fin soup , " said Jim Wickens , an investigative journalist with the Ecologist Film Unit . He witnessed the scene along with cameraman Alexander Reynoso who recorded the harpooning of the dolphins . Wickens , in cooperation with the Pulitzer Center for Crisis Reporting , collaborated with Mundo Azul to conduct the undercover investigation by placing informants aboard the fishing vessels for a week . "  We were living in very difficult conditions through really quite rough weather and having to eat and sleep for some days actually next to the dismembered carcass of a dolphin . It was horrendous , " recounted Wickens . He said the vessel he was on was one of hundreds that was out to sea off Peru for most of the year targeting sharks . The fishing boat captain said all of the boats carry harpoons and aim to target one to three dolphins per trip . What 's killing all those dolphins ? NOAA thinks it 's a virus The fishermen knew the foreigners were journalists and allowed them on board for a week in exchange for fuel money and the protection of their anonymity , although they did n't realize the full scope of their investigation . According to Mundo Azul , violations of these regulations can be punishable with the suspension of concessions , authorizations , permits or licenses for 180 days and one to three years in jail . The Peruvian government has promised to investigate charges and is considering banning shark fishing to discourage the use of dolphins as bait . "  We 're evaluating and if we find out that this is a widespread practice and the fishing of one species is affecting another , then we 're going to take drastic measures . That means using tools at our disposal including banning the fishing of certain species as well as the sale of others , " said Paul Phumpiu , Peruvian vice minister of fishing . When dolphins attack The ban might be difficult considering dolphin hunting has financial incentives . The cost of fish bait in Peru has also gone up yearly , according to the fisherman . It seems to be part of the story around the world , Wickens said . Fewer fish in the sea means it costs more money to buy them . This is n't just an issue off Peru 's coast . Since the video has been released , Wickens has been contacted by experts in Southeast Asia who 've told him this practice might also be taking place close to Indonesian waters as well . He said it 's hard to know how many dolphins are being killed worldwide because it happens out of sight . "  It 's a conservation car crash . One apex predator being taken out of the ecosystem , being chopped up and fed to catch another , " said Wickens , "  Whichever way you look at it , it 's bad news for the ocean . " Official : ` Natural causes ' behind dolphin deaths in Peru Journalist Maria Elena Belaunde contributed to this report .	More than 10,000 dolphins are being killed every year in Peruvian waters Dolphins being used as shark bait despite being outlawed by the country Fisherman : The cost of fish bait in Peru has gone up year on year The Peruvian government has promised to investigate
CNN  -- Months after her father 's prolonged campaign against President Obama 's national security policies , Liz Cheney is spearheading a new organization aimed at organizing conservative opposition to the new administration 's foreign policy approach . Liz Cheney formed Keep America Safe with William Kristol and Debra Burlingame . The new group , Keep America Safe , says its aim is to provide a cogent and organized rebuttal to a series of recent moves that expressly divert from the more muscular policies of the Bush administration . The group plans to tackle hot-button issues like the way forward in Iraq and Afghanistan , defense spending , CIA interrogation techniques , and the planned closing of the Guantanamo Bay detention facility . "  We have watched with concern and dismay as the Obama administration has cut defense spending , wavered on the war in Afghanistan , and launched investigations into Americans serving on the front lines of the war on terror , while at the same time expanding legal protections for the terrorists that plot to attack this country , " Cheney , along with the group 's two other founders , wrote on its Web site . "  These policies , along with President Obama 's abandonment of America 's allies and attempts to appease our adversaries are weakening the nation . " Weekly Standard Editor William Kristol and Debra Burlingame , the sister of the pilot of American Airlines Flight 77 -- the flight that crashed into the Pentagon on 9/11 -- are also heading up the new effort . The new group says its goal is to focus media attention on continuing and emerging national security threats , and marshal grassroots opposition to the president 's policies . "  Too often , significant events and thoughtful analysis in the war on terror are glossed over or ignored on nightly national newscasts , " the group writes . "  Keep America Safe will highlight this information on our website and encourage dialogue between American citizens and their elected representatives in order to produce the legislative and executive action that will keep this country safe and strong . " A spokesman for the Democratic National Committee responded forcefully to the creation of the new group , saying the Cheneys ' foreign policy approach "  was deemed a failure . " "  Last fall , the American people overwhelmingly rejected a radical foreign policy authored by Dick Cheney that alienated our allies , emboldened our enemies , depleted our resources , distracted our focus and made the nation less secure , " DNC Press Secretary Hari Sevugan said . "  The Cheneys can continue to focus on securing their sullied legacy if they want to . But , the president will continue to focus on securing the country . " Incorporated as a non-profit 501  c  4 , the organization is not subject to contribution limits , and is not required to disclose a list of its contributors to the Federal Elections Commission . However , it can not engage in efforts directly aimed at influencing the outcome of an election . Kicking off a fund-raising drive Tuesday , Keep America Safe launched a one-minute , 30-second Web video that portrays Obama as a wavering politician whose ambitious foreign policy promises as a candidate have not matched his actions . "  Not enough time for a decision , but plenty of time for Letterman , golf , a beer summit , more golf , vacation , and a visit to Copenhagen , " the video states . Cheney has been no stranger to the media spotlight since the Bush administration left office nine months ago . Regularly appearing on a series of cable news shows , the eldest daughter of former vice president has criticized Obama on a host of moves , once concluding that he has "  sid -LSB- ed -RSB- with the terrorists . " The former vice president has also been a vocal critic of Obama , declaring earlier this year that the president 's decision to cease the CIA 's practice of aggressive interrogation practices has left the country more vulnerable to a terrorist attack .	Keep America Safe says its goal is providing effective rebuttal to Obama Group 's founders say it has watched administration with "  concern and dismay " NEW : Democratic Party calls Cheney foreign policy a "  sullied legacy " Keeping focus on national security threats is one of group 's goals
CNN  -- "  No ma'am ... I will not register my weapons . " These passionate words from a former Marine sparked an insatiable conversation on CNN.com . Since Joshua Boston posted an open letter to U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , dismissing stricter gun control , on CNN iReport , his commentary has received more than 1 million views , almost 30,000 comments and even a response from Feinstein 's office . But one response stood out from the rest -- a reaction from another former Marine addressed directly to Boston . Nicolas DiOrio called Boston 's letter an "  embarrassment to those who 've served . " The two views on gun control were as different as the photos adorning the letters , Boston wielding a firearm and DiOrio pointing a video camera . Prompted by the firestorm of discussion the two have sparked , we interviewed both men with the same set of questions to further explain their opposing views on gun control . Read their responses and judge their arguments for yourself : 1 . What do you think our founding fathers meant by the right "  to keep and bear arms " mentioned in the Second Amendment ? Boston : They had just fought a war against a government that had overstepped its boundaries . You can only come to the conclusion that they put it there for us to have the same ability to do that in the future should the need arise . They use the terms people , militia and arms specifically . They differentiate between the United States , the states and the people elsewhere . I think they use the term arms because they mean any weapons that we might have to bear in such a situation . DiOrio : I think that because we had a much smaller military at the time , it was more of an allowance that people could have weapons or muskets to raise a militia to defend the country from outside invasion . But in today 's world , we have a much larger military and the weapons that are available are much more dangerous than the weapons of that time . I would think that the founding fathers would not make as broad of an allowance of individual possession of firearms if they knew what the state of firearms was today . 2 . What if a new bill about banning assault weapons passes , say Sen. Dianne Feinstein 's bill ? What would it mean for America ? Boston : It 's going to open a door that we , or our descendants , are going to deplore . It 's saying it 's OK to take away guns away based on the actions of a few . The next time somebody goes up the tower at the University of Texas Austin shooting people with a deer rifle , it will show our willingness to give away hunting rifles . And after the next Virginia Tech , handguns are going to be taken away . These shootings have happened before ; they just do n't have the same emotional weight as this shooting had . DiOrio : I do n't think it would really harm gun owners as they think it would . They would still have access to all sorts of hunting weapons and rifles . The bill only seeks to ban assault weapons . Unless we had a bill like the one passed in Australia in 1996 , a retroactive ban , we would still have all these weapons out there . Unless such a ban is instituted , it will probably not be as effective as we hope . Nevertheless , I do support any step taken in limiting assault weapons . 3 . What 's the biggest misconception that you think people have about your stance on guns ? Boston : There 's a few of them . They think I 'm paranoid . I 'm not . I just learned early on that you have to expect the worst while hoping for the best . Expecting that the best is going to happen when hard times show up you wo n't be prepared and you will fail . People assume because I own guns that I 'm not educated or that I do n't know how to think for myself . I own guns because I 'm educated to the dangers and the reality of the world that we live in . I accept the reality that we live in and I do n't accept that the police will always be there for me . I own guns because I 'm very much attached to reality . DiOrio : I think , based on what I 've read , people just have the perception that I think that gun owners are evil or do n't care about gun violence . I realize that 's not true , but I just think that people are very eager to talk about their rights but not always so eager to talk about collective responsibility and safety . Also , I want to set straight that I do n't think Josh Boston is a disgrace at all . I just think that his letter could have been more sensitive to the issues . I respect him and his service ; I was n't trying to personally attack him . 4 . What should the U.S. do to keep guns out of the wrong hands  like criminals  ? Boston : Criminals are going to do what they want to do . We have to accept that . We can make all the laws that we want , but it 's not going to stop -LSB- people -RSB- from breaking them . We have laws to prevent that from happening . Just as keeping drugs out of peoples ' hands does n't solve the drug war , gun control is not going to keep guns out of peoples ' hands . The majority of crime is committed with illegally acquired weapons in the first place . What we can do is remove the restriction levels for law-abiding citizens who want to defend themselves . This idea of a gun-free zone has never stopped a shooting . People never walk up to a school and say , ` This is a gun-free zone , so I 'm going to go shoot somewhere else . ' It 's never happened . DiOrio : We need to enforce background checks , not just at commercial retailers but also at gun shows . We need to limit the sale of dangerous weapons to people who have no record of criminal history . We need to perhaps consider enacting some kind of mental screening or wellness testing before people are allowed to purchase weapons as well . It might offend people because it would infringe upon their rights , but we need to consider if that would outweigh the benefits brought to society by not allowing weapons to go into the hands of the mentally ill . 5 . Why were there so many mass shootings in 2012  Aurora , Colorado , Oak Creek , Wisconsin , and Newtown , Connecticut  ? What do you think is to blame ? Boston : Humanity . We as a species have faults and we still have wars with each other . I can still hear atrocities happening around the globe . ... It 's not because of a simple object that propels a projectile . It 's because of us . We refuse to look at the root of the issue because it scares us . We give into fear and play to our emotions and we move to outlaw something that is not a cause , but just a means . I 'm not a psychiatrist . I could n't tell you why there are so many . There 's a deeper problem here . These kinds of things , and not just mass shootings , happen all over the globe ; it 's not a problem specific to America . DiOrio : Based upon just what I 've read on the shootings , it appears that at least a couple of them are mentally disturbed in some way and they had access to these weapons . When the Assault Weapons Ban expired , people were allowed to purchase them again . When the mentally ill have access to them , it 's inevitable that these tragedies are going to happen . It 's very sad to me that not even Aurora took us to these discussions . It took the murder of 20 children before we were again willing to look at our gun laws and wonder whether or not we should make changes . Who do you think had the better answers , Boston or DiOrio ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	Former Marine says he will not register his guns even if a federal law is passed Marine 's open letter goes viral online ; draws fiery responses from CNN commenters Another former Marine responds to Joshua Boston 's letter with a countering view CNN asks both men the same questions to explain their opposing views
CNN  -- Somali forces clashed with al Qaeda-linked militants in the capital city Friday after the militants attacked an African Union peacekeeping station , according to an independent media report . Al Shabaab fighters display two bodies of Somali police officers during a battle August 12 in Mogadishu . Al Shabaab militants attacked the African Union Mission to Somalia headquarters in downtown Mogadishu , according to Somalia 's independent Shabelle Radio . The attack sparked a firefight with government forces , Shabelle Radio said This is the latest fighting in Somalia 's war-torn capital in the ongoing war between government forces and the Islamist militia . At least 46 people have been killed and 65 wounded in two days of fighting in Mogadishu , Somali officials said Friday . The government forces are being aided by the African Union 's peacekeeping force , which is mainly made up of Ugandan and Burundian forces . Meanwhile , the al Qaeda-linked Islamist militia seized control of the central town of Bulo Burde from government forces , killing 15 , Shabelle Radio and witnesses said . Bulo Burde is about 155 miles  250 kilometers  southeast of Mogadishu . Ongoing clashes between the two sides trapped people in the town Thursday , witnesses said . A spokesman for Somalia 's president announced Thursday morning that pro-government fighters had seized control of Bulo Burde , which is considered a strategic town because it lies on a major road between Mogadishu and Somalia 's central regions . But later in the day , after residents reported heavy fighting , the Islamist fighters regained control of the town and the pro-government forces withdrew to about a kilometer outside Bulo Burde , witnesses said . The United States is supporting Somali government 's fight against the insurgents , including providing weapons to government forces . Al Shabaab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . U.S. officials are concerned that Somalia 's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency , as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power later that year .	Somali forces fighting al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab in capital city of Mogadishu 46 people killed , 65 wounded in past two days of most recent fighting Islamist fighters have regained control of the strategic town of Bulo Burde U.S. supports , provides weapons for Somalia 's fight against insurgents
Harrison , New York  CNN  -- Investigators from Toyota and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration on Wednesday inspected a wrecked Prius and extracted data from the car 's event data recorder they hope will help determine what caused the car to speed out of control . The driver of the car told police the 2005 Prius accelerated on its own as she was driving down her employer 's driveway on March 9 . She lost control of the car , crossed the road and crashed into a stone wall , police say . She was treated for minor injuries . No other cars were involved in the accident . A team of six inspectors from Toyota and two from NHTSA spent several hours taking photos and measurements of the damaged vehicle and downloading the black box data from the car , which has been at the Harrison Police Department since the accident . Two independent inspectors from a forensic technology company , hired by the Police Department , also were aiding the investigation . A Toyota spokesman , Wade Hoyt , said that in this model year Prius , the black box contains data only from the moment the airbags deploy , but not the three seconds before impact that newer models are programmed to record . Hoyt said investigators were pleased they were able to extract any data from the vehicle . "  We are getting information on engine speed , pedal position , that sort of thing , " Hoyt said . "  I 'm happy we have it . It 's possible it might not have been in there . " Police say the car 's driver , whose name has not been released pending the investigation , has a clean driving record and there is no reason to believe she is to blame for the accident . But Acting Police Chief Anthony Marraccini said driver error is not being ruled out . "  I 'm not sure we 're going to have conclusive information as to what caused this accident . But we 're not ruling out any possible causes . " Marraccini said . The 2005 Prius was part of Toyota 's November recall to address the risk of accelerator pedal entrapment in the floor mat . Police say floor mats were not a factor in this particular accident , because they were secured to the seat with nylon ties . A recall to address a sticky accelerator problem did not include the Prius . Hoyt said he would not speculate about the accident 's cause . The Prius is equipped with a brake override feature . "  When everything in the car is working correctly , the brakes will override the engine , " Hoyt said . "  You have to draw your own conclusions . " Hoyt said Toyota will release the data from the black box recorder to the Harrison Police Department , but will not make it public because of privacy and legal concerns . Marraccini said police will make a determination after their investigation how much of the data to make public . "  If there 's definitive information that shows the cause of this accident , absolutely we 'll have to release it , " Marraccini said .	Toyota and federal safety officials extracted data from a wrecked 2005 Prius Driver said the car accelerated on its own on March 9 ; she was treated for minor injuries Toyota spokesman : Black box in 2005 Prius contains data only from moment airbags deploy 2005 Prius was part of recall to address the risk of accelerator entrapment in floor mat
CNN  -- We are not living up to the promise of the American Dream . Even now , our leaders are talking about cutting , instead of creating jobs to grow our way out of the deficit . Congress is ignoring big problems , congratulating itself on avoiding a fiscal cliff of its own creation . The federal budget props up broken parts of our economic system -- big banks , big polluters and big defense contractors -- instead of investing in areas such as education and infrastructure that would benefit everyone . Now , a new breed of companies is leveraging the power of networks and sharing -- and showing us what a more sustainable , prosperous future can look like . One of the most well-known examples is Zipcar . Its tagline , "  wheels when you want them , " pretty much sums up the company . Zipcar was just bought by rental giant Avis Budget Group for nearly $ 500 million as part of Avis ' push to compete with Hertz 's and Enterprise 's new car-sharing services . The demographics of car-sharing customers holds promise for future growth as younger , tech-savvy consumers tend to prefer sharing services . Then there is Mosaic , a new addition to the share economy . Mosaic just launched the first online clean energy investment marketplace .  Full disclosure : I am an uncompensated adviser to the company . Here 's how it works : Mosaic connects investors to solar projects in need of financing . The projects generate revenue by selling the electricity they generate , which allows the investors to get paid back with interest . Through the company , you can pick a solar project that you like , make an investment for as little as $ 25 and get returns starting at 4.5 % annually . Of course , as with nearly any investment that is n't federally insured , there 's a risk involved . Instead of earning close to nothing on your money at a bank , you can directly invest in things that offer solid returns and create real or lasting value . Together , consumers can start rebuilding the economy from the community up . Together , we can crowdsource investments in American infrastructure and create 21st-century energy jobs all by ourselves . The mega-banks that financed the fossil fuel era are n't well matched to the emerging clean energy economy , which is more decentralized . There are enough rooftops In Los Angeles alone to create 5 gigawatts of clean power . Instead of two mega coal plants , the energy could come from hundreds of thousands of people , all making money by selling energy from their roofs and contributing to a more sustainable and resilient energy grid . Warren Buffett 's MidAmerican Energy made news last week with its investment of more than $ 2 billion in two solar power plants in California . But you know who has more money than even Buffett ? All of us combined . All of us who are looking to invest responsibly and grow clean energy are a powerful force for change . In some cities , the demand for car-sharing services is so great that people are renting out their personal cars through services such as RelayRides and Getaround . San Francisco 's Scoot aims to be the Zipcar of electric scooters . Services such as Airbnb and CouchSurfing allow people to rent their homes or rooms to strangers vetted by their peers . Through TaskRabbit and Fiverr , anyone can hire a personal assistant to run errands or complete more complex tasks such as accounting for your small business . These sharing services are proving that sharing is n't just for the do-gooders anymore -- it can make you real money . Airbnb hosts make an average of $ 6,000 per year for renting out their homes . People who loan cars through Relay Rides generally make enough to cover their monthly car payments . And a few people are making $ 5,000 per month just from completing tasks through TaskRabbit . A few months after the Move Your Money campaign launched in 2011 , and on the heels of a controversy surrounding debit card fees , more than 650,000 people turned to opening credit union accounts . Today , environmentalists such as Bill McKibben and his 350 . org are leading the charge for divesting from big polluters . The opportunity for people-driven , shareable , sustainable business does n't stop with solar or transportation projects . We can invest in American businesses that power our country with all kinds of innovative technologies such as wind turbines , solar panels , geothermal systems , hybrid and electric cars , and next-generation batteries . And we should put Americans to work making our homes and buildings energy-efficient . We need to avoid a lost generation of young people who will be playing economic catch-up their whole lives . We can not stop pressing our leaders to help struggling poor and middle-class Americans . But we can never forget that together , we are a tremendous force for change . As we call on Washington to act , we can also call on each other to create jobs and spark the clean-energy economy of the future -- an economy that works for everyone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : A new breed of companies is leveraging the power of sharing Jones says younger , tech-savvy consumers tend to prefer sharing services He says opportunities for people-driven , shareable , sustainable businesses are many Jones : Together , consumers can start rebuilding the economy from the community up
CNN  -- T-Mobile wants to beef up its cell coverage by thinking small and piggybacking on your Internet service . The carrier is offering its customers a free personal cell spot -- a router that plugs into an existing broadband connection to improve mobile phone coverage while at home . All new smartphones purchased through T-Mobile will allow phone calls and texts over WiFi . And as mentioned in Apple 's announcement Tuesday , T-Mobile will be the first carrier to support seamless switching between WiFi and cellular networks , so you do n't have to hang up and redial when you leave the wireless area . For now , the switching capabilities will only be available for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus . Why is T-Mobile pushing WiFi connections so heavily ? "  My answer is , why the f *** not ? " said T-Mobile President and CEO John Legere , who announced the news at a press event in a San Francisco bar Wednesday . Legere took the stage in pink shoes and a leather jacket , dropping his signature bad words , jokes and digs at competitors . The carefully crafted edginess is all part of the fourth-place carrier 's "  Uncarrier " marketing blitz , which positions it as the underdog taking on Verizon , AT&T and Sprint . Personal cell extenders are n't new , but T-Mobile says theirs are not the same products you can buy in stores . T-Mobile claims that one of these custom devices , which usually retail for around $ 200 , can cover a phone up to 3,000 feet in any direction -- hundreds of feel farther than existing cell spots . "  We 've injected a secret sauce that prioritizes voice calls , " said Neville Ray , T-Mobile 's chief technology officer . That means that if someone is streaming video on a WiFi network while another person wants to make a call , the video may be slowed so that the phone call gets more bandwidth . The large black box has three external antennas , plugs into an Ethernet cable and can be used instead of existing routers . There is a $ 25 deposit for the box . T-Mobile is also bringing  limited  WiFi access to the skies . On planes that have GoGo InFlight Wireless service , T-Mobile customers will be able to send and receive texts and listen to voicemails for free . The technology already exists to let passengers make phone calls , but a tangle of airline and FAA rules -- not to mention potential backlash from other fliers -- is limiting this feature to quiet activities . Legere is ambitious and vocal about his desire to overtake the top three cell companies , which he calls the "  Three Stooges . " "  T-Mobile just had its biggest month in company history , " said Legere . "  We will overtake Sprint this year ... next on our list is AT&T . " Verizon offers iPhone 6 for free	T-Mobile to offer free cell spots that plug into wireless networks to extend coverage It will also support new phones that allow calls to jump from WiFi to a cell network On planes with GoGo WiFi service , customers will be able to text and check voice mail
Britain 's Ben Ainslie became the most decorated Olympic sailor in history with his fourth successive victory -- and then declared it was his last involvement at the Games . The 35-year-old came ninth in Sunday 's medal race but , crucially , finished ahead of his main rival for the gold medal -- Denmark 's Jonas Hogh-Christensen . Pieter-Jan Postma , from the Netherlands , had an opportunity to leapfrog both Ainslie and Hogh-Christensen but a poor last stretch saw him finish fourth overall . France 's Jonathan Lobert took the bronze . It marked a fairytale ending for Ainslie , who had trailed Hogh-Christensen through the majority of the competition , only to take gold at the last in front of a vociferous crowd at Weymouth , on England 's south coast . Follow the action on day nine with our London 2012 live blog But he said he was unlikely to defend his crown for a fifth time at the 2016 Olympics in Rio . "  It 's times like this you are supposed to come out with something clever but I ca n't think of anything , " Ainslie told the host broadcaster , after eclipsing Denmark 's Paul Elvstrom as the sport 's best . "  I am speechless . I am just so glad for everyone who has supported me over the last four years . It has been an amazing Olympics . "  After six races I was in a bit of trouble . Thankfully I turned things around and got it right when it counted . This was one of the hardest courses I have raced on and I do n't want to do anything like that again . "  You can never say never but I do n't think I can sail one of these again , it 's killing my body so I do n't think you will see me in Rio . But it 's the best way to bow out at a home Olympics . " Ainslie claimed a silver medal in the Laser class at the Atlanta Games in 1996 and then gold four years later in Sydney . He switched to the heavyweight Finn division at Athens in 2004 and took another gold , which he successfully defended in Beijing . Ainslie endured a disappointing start to the regatta and did n't beat Hogh-Christensen until the seventh race but maneuvered himself into contention in the last of the fleet races . The Briton kept himself ahead of his Danish rival but slipped down the field and was dangerously close to losing his gold when Postma challenged New Zealand 's Dan Slater for second place . But Postma clipped his rival 's boat and had to take a penalty turn , ending his hopes and handing Ainslie another Olympic triumph . It came as a relief to Ainslie , who had been expected to deliver in front of his home crowd . "  It 's been incredibly hard -- there 's a huge amount of pressure to perform at a home Games , " he added . "  It 's been the hardest couple of weeks of my life but you just have to get on with the job . "  I learned to sail for fun so it 's been a long road but I have had a lot of support over the years and I am just so glad to have done it . " Earlier in the day , Team GB 's Iain Percy and Andrew Simpson were piped to the Star gold medal by Sweden 's Max Salminen and Fredrik Loof . Percy and Simpson , who won the two-hand Star class in Beijing four years ago , went into the final race leading but could only finish eighth , leaving the door open for the Swedes . The Brazilian pair of Robert Scheidt and Bruno Prada took the bronze medal .	Britain 's Ben Ainslie takes his fourth successive sailing gold in the Finn class Ainslie finishes ahead of Denmark 's Jonas Hogh-Christensen in final medal race The 35-year-old becomes the sport 's most decorated sailor with a haul of five medals Sweden 's Max Salminen and Fredrik Loof win the Star gold medal
CNN  -- At least six people were killed Monday night after an earthquake with a magnitude of 6.5 struck southeastern Iran , state-run Press TV reports . Felt as far away as the Pakistan-Afghanistan border , the temblor was particularly strong between the cities of Zahedan and Bam . It struck late at night and hardest in mostly rural , relatively sparsely populated areas of Kerman province , officials said . While six are confirmed dead so far , according to Press TV , provincial officials said that they expect the death toll to rise . Citing eyewitnesses , another state-run news agency IRNA reported that scores of people are trapped in debris of buildings that have been destroyed . Many such sites are in hard-to-reach locations , making any rescue operations even more difficult . Additionally , at least seven aftershocks struck in the four hours since the 6.5-magnitude quake hit at 10:12 p.m. Monday night , according to the Iranian Seismological Center , based at the University of Tehran , and the U.S. Geological Survey . Javad Kamali , a deputy governor for Kerman province , told the IRNA that the tremor knocked down phone lines throughout the region . Military and law enforcement workers could communicate only using wireless technology , he added . Relief and recovery teams , some from outside the area , have converged around the village of Hosseinabad , between the towns of Fahraj and Rigan , Kamali said . In addition , IRNA reported that Kerman province 's disaster council convened an emergency meeting to assess possible damage and coordinate potential aid and assistance efforts . The tremor was centered in Kerman province about 16 kilometers  9 miles  southwest of Hosein Abab , 213 kilometers  132 miles  southwest of Zahedan and about 1,075 kilometers  668 miles  south of Tehran . Residents of Zahedan , Khash and Iranshahr in Sistan-Baluchestan province , which borders Afghanistan and Pakistan , all felt the quake , the semi-official Fars News Agency reported . Kerman Gov. Esmail Najjar told IRNA that although the earthquake 's reach was significant , it hit several small villages hardest . The high-impact zone 's population -- which Najjar estimated at between 5,000 and 6,000 people -- was widely dispersed . Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and experiences earthquakes almost daily . At times , they have had devastating consequences . Among the most notable was in December 2003 , when a 6.6-magnitude quake devastated the ancient city of Bam -- also in southeast Iran -- and killed at least 30,000 people . Last year , an earthquake struck Hormozgan province in southern Iran , injuring about 700 people in the port city of Bandar Abbas , state media reported . And there 's been plenty of activity in recent months as well . In early November , a 4.9-magnitude earthquake in the northwestern Lorestan province injured at least 80 people , according to IRNA . One person died two months earlier when a quake measuring magnitude-5 .5 struck southern Iran , and in August three were killed after a 5.7-magnitude tremor in northern Iran , several state news agencies reported .	NEW : 6 are confirmed dead , and the death toll is expected to rise , state-run media says NEW : Many people are buried in the rubble , and 7 aftershocks hit the area within 4 hours The strike was centered in a largely rural area , though not far from the city of Bam Iran lies on a series of seismic fault lines and experiences quakes almost daily
Madrid  CNN  -- A 73-year-old Spanish man was gored in the right leg on the first day of the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona and a 21-year-old Japanese runner was dragged by a bull , authorities said . Those were two of six runners who were rushed to the hospital after the frenetic race down the narrow cobblestone streets of the old Spanish town . One of the others taken to the hospital was a 26-year-old Australian who suffered a knee injury . The Red Cross also treated 72 others for minor injuries at the scene , authorities said . The runner from Ikeda , Japan -- whose gender was not immediately released -- was dragged by what appeared to be a bull 's horn , hooked through clothing , on the pavement downhill toward the bullring , images from Spanish state television showed . The runner suffered back injuries . There have been 15 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924 and thousands of injuries in the tradition that dates back 400 years . Author Ernest Hemingway wrote about it in his 1920s novel , "  The Sun Also Rises , " also published under the title , "  Fiesta , " and crowds have poured in from around the globe ever since . The town has since erected a statue to Hemingway outside the bullring . The running starts at 8 a.m.  2 a.m. ET  for eight consecutive days , through July 14 , and lasts just a few minutes , from the corrals through the hard pavement of old town streets to the bullring , where the bulls face certain death against matadors later in the day . What happened last year The weekends of the fiesta traditionally see the largest crowds , when Pamplona 's population of 200,000 can triple . The race was packed on Saturday , and the run lasted just two minutes and 53 seconds to cover the 825-meter  902 yard  course . The six fighting bulls from the Dolores Aguirre Ybarra ranch , each weighing about a half ton , stayed together for the first part of the course . At one point four of them charged ahead , as runners behind tried to dodge the two remaining bulls trying to catch up . The Spanish man was the only one gored on Saturday . Besides the Japanese and the Australian , the other three sent to hospital were Spaniards , aged 19 to 49 , who suffered shoulder , rib or wrist injuries , authorities said . The bulls were accompanied , as usual , by a pack of six tame steers to help guide them to the bullring . The running of the bulls is the marquee event of the week-long fiesta , named for Pamplona 's patron saint , San Fermin . It includes non-stop activities , including concerts , parades and amusement park rides , that aim to appeal to all ages . The event is huge boon to the local economy . Got ta Watch : Animals on the run	One of the victims was gored , officials say The run in Pamplona started 400 years ago There have been 15 deaths since record-keeping began in 1924
