CNN  -- Rescuers have yet to find any survivors or bodies Saturday after a landslide that buried 83 workers at a gold mine in the Tibet Autonomous Region , reported Xinhua , the Chinese state-run news agency . The likelihood of the miners ' survival of the Friday landslide are slim , a government spokesperson was quoted in the Xinhua report . Rescue efforts are ongoing , despite being hindered by additional minor landslides and altitude sickness . The mining site is located at 4,600 meters , which is 15,092 feet . Cold temperatures falling to -3 degrees Celsius  26 degrees Fahrenheit  have hampered the sniffer dogs ' sense of smell and their ability to trace the trapped miners , the news agency reported . The incident occurred Friday , about 6 a.m. in Maizhokunggar County , east of Lhasa , the regional capital . The landslide extended three kilometers  almost two miles  and was made up of about 2 million cubic meters  2.6 million cubic yards  of mud , rock and other debris , according to Xinhua . The victims , including two Tibetans , were workers from Tibet Huatailong Mining Development Co. Ltd. , a subsidiary of the China National Gold Group Corp. , the news agency said . CNN 's Lonzo Cook contributed to this report	Rescuers seek 83 miners after massive landslide in Tibet Autonomous Region No survivors or bodies have been found yet ; Rescue efforts ongoing Likelihood of miners ' survival are slim , says government official
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's nephew revealed Thursday that when he was molested as a child , Jackson "  was a support system for me and my mom . " Taj Jackson , 39 , claimed he was a child sex abuse victim in a series of Twitter messages posted in response to Wade Robson 's televised claim that Michael Jackson molested him . "  I will not let them smear my Uncle 's legacy , " he tweeted . Robson , a dancer who frequently visited Jackson 's Neverland Ranch as a child , called Jackson "  a pedophile and a child sexual abuser " in an interview Thursday on NBC 's "  Today Show . " He said Jackson "  performed sexual acts on me and forced me to perform sexual acts on him " from ages 7 to 14 . Apparently Taj Jackson , one of three sons of Tito Jackson , posted a series of Twitter messages in defense of his uncle , Michael Jackson . "  I hate that Wade made me do this , this way , " Taj Jackson tweeted . "  But since my uncle Michael is no longer here to defend himself . I will . " "  I am writing these words knowing that the minute I press send , my life will never be the same afterwards , " he tweeted , before claiming in another tweet that he was sexually abused as a child by a relative . Michael Jackson "  was a support system for me and my mom , " he tweeted . "  He wrote a letter to her that many have seen already , u just did n't know what it was about . " He posted a photo of that handwritten note from Michael Jackson to Taj 's mother Dee Dee Jackson : "  Dee Dee , Please read this article about child molestation and read it to Taj , T.J. and Taryll . It brings out how even your own relatives can be molesters of children , or even uncles or aunts molesting nephew or nieces . Please read . Love MJ . " It was his own childhood experience that qualified him to question Robson 's accusations , he said . "  That is how I KNOW Wade is lying . Because I AM a survivor . " Robson , now 30 , denied in testimony at Jackson 's child molestation trial in 2005 that he had been molested by the singer . Jackson was acquitted , partly based on the testimony of Robson , his sister and his mother . Tom Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson in the trial , said he was one of his strongest witnesses . Robson said Thursday that his denial was the result of Jackson 's "  complete manipulation and brainwashing " of him . "  Do n't forget I was living at Neverland when Wade testified during my uncle 's case , " Taj Jackson tweeted . "  I sat there and ate dinner with him and his family . " Robson , who filed a creditor 's claim against Jackson 's estate this month , insisted in the NBC interview he was not now coming forward because of money . "  The idea that I would make all of this up and put myself , my wife , my son , my entire family through this extremely stressful and painful experience all for the sake of money is completely incomprehensible , " he said . Taj Jackson 's tweets challenged Robson 's explanation . "  What people will $ ay and do for money and to $ tay relevant is $ ickening . De $ perate times call for De $ perate mea $ ures . I will not sit back and let someone flat out lie about my uncle . PERIOD . " "  I always told my uncle Michael that I would take a bullet for him , " he tweeted . "  I mean it today just as much as I meant it back then . " Taj Jackson 's brother T.J. Jackson was appointed as a co-guardian of Michael Jackson 's three children last year .	Taj Jackson reveals he was sexually abused as a child "  Even your own relatives can be molesters of children , " Michael Jackson wrote Taj Jackson 's Twitter postings defending Michael Jackson against Wade Robson 's charge Taj Jackson : "  I KNOW Wade is lying . Because I AM a survivor "
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Within a year that saw a massive earthquake , a spreading cholera epidemic and recurring signs of government instability , the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere is gearing up for its latest battle : presidential elections . Nearly all of the 19 candidates have campaigned on similar platforms : fighting corruption , creating jobs and addressing a series of natural disasters that has left the Caribbean nation reeling and prompted many to urge for a postponement of Sunday 's vote . Haiti , which has endured near constant health and environmental crises , is facing a growing cholera epidemic affecting nearly 70,000 people that many fear could further scare voters from the polls . The death toll stands at 1,603 , the Ministry of Public Health and Population reported Friday . More than 29,000 people have been hospitalized , with a stunning 18.3 percent mortality rate in the country 's cholera-affected northeast , it said . But Ken Merten , the United States ambassador to Haiti , said the election process was on track . He said 250,000 new voters were registered and more than 11,000 voting stations have been identified in the fifth presidential election since the fall of the Duvalier dictatorship and the first since the devastating 7.0-magnitude earthquake in January . Among the candidates is perhaps Haiti 's most flamboyant politician , Michel Martelly , who is perhaps better known by his street name : Sweet Micky . Martelly 's penchant for dressing in drag and organizing raucous street parties in the Haitian capital has made him a popular choice among portions of the electorate . "  Yes , I 've been the bad boy , " Martelly told CNN . "  But the people of Haiti believe in that rebel status that I 'm selling . You know , in able to fight the system , you must be strong , must be courageous . " His style clashes sharply with that of a more soft-spoken front-runner and former first lady , Mirlande Manigat . The 70-year-old conservatively dressed Sorbonne Ph.D stands to be Haiti 's first female president . Her husband , Leslie Manigat , was elected president in 1988 under the Assembly of Progressive National Democrats  RDNP  party but managed to hold on to the office only four months after his election . "  It was a coup d'etat , " Manigat told CNN . "  A military coup against him . And we had to go again in exile for two years . " Manigat ran again in 2006 , losing to current outgoing President Rene Preval in a controversial election in which Preval failed to secure more than 50 percent of the vote , but managed to avoid a mandatory runoff . In a country accustomed to political upheaval , angry crowds in the Haitian capital last week tore down posters of Preval 's hand-picked candidate , Jude Celestin , amid frustrations with the country 's corrupt and often ineffective leadership . Celestin , whose well-funded campaign has occasionally featured airplanes dropping confetti , leads the largest bloc of politicians competing for seats in both houses of the Haitian parliament . But with no clear front-runner , elections could be forced into a runoff in January if no candidate gains more than 50 percent of the vote . Last week , days of violent protests brought Haiti 's second-largest city , Cap-Haitien , to a standstill amid voter frustration about government corruption and the growing cholera outbreak . "  There 's a history of some violence -LSB- during Haitian elections -RSB- , " International Crisis Group spokesman Bernice Robertson told CNN . "  Some irregularities , some accusations of fraud , before , during and sometimes after the elections . " Despite billions of dollars pledged by international donors , little has been done to clean up mountains of rubble or resettle the 1.3 million homeless people living in tents who have often suffered most from the spreading epidemic . Meanwhile , the Pan American Health Organization said it was planning to treat 400,000 cholera cases within the next year , up from a previous estimate of 270,000 over several years , as a result of the outbreak . "  We need to plan for up to half of those cases occurring in the next three months because of the explosive nature of this epidemic , " the organization 's deputy director , Dr. Jon Kim Andrus , told reporters in Washington on Tuesday . "  We need more of everything , " he said . "  More training for staff in Haiti , more doctors , more nurses , more treatment centers , more medications , more toilets , more clean water . " Sunday 's election could be among the most important in recent history , as incoming lawmakers will grapple with campaign promises meant to address the country 's staggering range of problems .	19 candidates have campaigned on similar platforms ahead of Sunday 's elections Elections could face a runoff in January if no candidate gains more than 50 percent of the vote Haiti 's cholera death toll stands at 1,603 , the Ministry of Public Health and Population said Cholera epidemic affects nearly 70,000 people
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the women who tried to assassinate President Ford 32 years ago was released on parole Monday from a federal prison in California , according to a Bureau of Prisons spokesman . Sara Jane Moore , 77 , was released in the morning from the federal women 's prison in Dublin , outside San Francisco , according to Mike Truman of the Bureau of Prisons . There was no immediate comment from the prison facility , where Moore had been Inmate No. 04851180 . Officials said she had a recent parole hearing , but they did not know what prompted her release . Nor was it clear what her plans are or where she is headed . The former nurse and mother of five had been trying for 20 years to gain her freedom . Moore was arrested in September 22 , 1975 , outside the St. Francis Hotel in San Francisco after firing a single shot at Ford . A bystander had grabbed Moore 's arms just before she fired a .38 caliber revolver and was credited with probably saving the president 's life . The bullet missed Ford 's head by inches . Seventeen days earlier Ford survived another attempt on his life by Lynette "  Squeaky " Fromme , a follower of Charles Manson , in Sacramento , California . Moore pleaded guilty to attempted assassination and was sentenced to life in prison . At the time she had been married and divorced seven times . In recent interviews Moore said she regretted her actions , which she said were motivated by radical revolutionary politics . As an inmate she worked as an accountant in the prison drapery factory . Ford died December 26 , 2006 , from natural causes . E-mail to a friend	Sara Jane Moore was released on parole from a federal prison in California Moore tried to assassinate President Ford in 1975 Moore , now 77 , pleaded guilty and was sentenced to life in prison
CNN  -- A Texas native providing wheelchairs to disabled children in Iraq , an Army vet helping other veterans struggling with addiction and a cancer survivor bringing early detection to uninsured women are among the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2009 . Anderson Cooper revealed one Top 10 CNN Hero each hour Thursday before an 11 p.m. "  AC360 " special . Brad Blauser 's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program has distributed nearly 650 free pediatric wheelchairs to children in need since 2005 . Roy Foster 's Stand Down House has provided life-changing services to nearly 900 veterans since 2000 . And Andrea Ivory has helped provide more than 500 free breast cancer screenings in Miami , Florida . Being a Top 10 CNN Hero "  will mean taking the Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program to the next level , " said Blauser . "  I 'll have more support and be able to continue my program giving away to kids that otherwise would n't have had them . " Foster said , "  It 's rather difficult to understand something that you love to do could have such -LSB- a -RSB- reward to it . " Ivory , referring to the $ 25,000 each of the Top 10 CNN Heroes receives , said , "  We 're going national ! That 's where the money is going . We need to help other women . " The Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2009 -- remarkable individuals nominated by viewers for their sacrifices and accomplishments -- were announced Thursday on the global networks of CNN . CNN 's Anderson Cooper revealed one Top 10 CNN Hero at the top of each hour on CNN , CNN.com and CNN.com Live . The daylong event , which began at 1 p.m. ET , culminated with a special edition of "  AC360 , " profiling this year 's honorees and their causes . "  Change the World , You Vote , CNN Heroes " aired at 11 p.m. ET Thursday on CNN and CNN International . The year 2009 marks CNN 's third annual global search for everyday individuals changing the world . Since February , the network has aired weekly profiles of CNN Heroes , chosen from more than 9,000 nominations submitted by viewers in 100 countries . A panel comprised of luminaries recognized for their own dedication to public service selected this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes . The blue ribbon panel includes humanitarians such as retired four-star Gen. Colin Powell , philanthropist Wallis Annenberg and Sir Elton John . In addition to the $ 25,000 , each of this year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing from the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood at 9 ET/PT on Thanksgiving night , November 26 . The global broadcast , with Cooper as the host , will culminate with the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year , selected by the public in an online poll that began at 11 p.m. ET Thursday . Viewers can go to CNN.com / Heroes to participate in the poll , which continues through November 19 at 6 a.m. ET . The individual receiving the most votes will receive an additional $ 100,000 . Here are the Top 10 CNN Heroes , in order of their announcement Thursday : Jorge Munoz School bus driver Jorge Munoz is helping hungry New Yorkers make it through tough times . Since 2004 , he has handed out more than 70,000 meals from his mobile soup kitchen in Queens -- for free . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Jordan Thomas Jordan Thomas , 20 , of Chattanooga , Tennessee , lost both of his legs in a boating accident in 2005 . Since then , his Jordan Thomas Foundation has raised more than $ 400,000 to provide prosthetics for children in need . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Budi Soehardi Budi Soehardi founded a children 's home in one of the poorest areas of Indonesia . Today , Roslin Orphanage in West Timor provides food , shelter and education to more than 45 children . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Betty Makoni Zimbabwe native Betty Makoni founded the Girl Child Network to provide a haven for young victims of sexual abuse . The organization has rescued more than 35,000 girls since 2001 . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Doc Hendley Bartender Doc Hendley is providing clean water to communities worldwide . Through creative fundraising , his nonprofit Wine to Water has brought sustainable water systems to 25,000 people in five countries . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Efren Peñaflorida Efren Peñaflorida gives Filipino youth an alternative to gang membership through education . His Dynamic Teen Company 's 10,000 members have taught basic reading and writing to 1,500 kids living in the slums . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Derrick Tabb Derrick Tabb started The Roots of Music to give young people an alternative to New Orleans ' streets . His music education program provides free tutoring , instruments and music instruction to more than 100 students . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Roy Foster Army veteran Roy Foster started Stand Down House to help veterans struggling with addiction and homelessness in Florida . Since 2000 , his program has provided life-changing services to nearly 900 veterans . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Andrea Ivory Breast cancer survivor Andrea Ivory is bringing early detection to the doorsteps of uninsured women . With mobile mammography vans , her group has provided more than 500 free screenings in Miami , Florida . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help Brad Blauser Brad Blauser is providing hope and mobility to disabled children and their families in Iraq . Since 2005 , his Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program has distributed nearly 650 free pediatric wheelchairs to children in need . Full story | Video | Extra | How to help	Top 10 CNN Heroes revealed hourly on October 1 starting at 1 p.m. ET "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will celebrate work of this year 's honorees Anderson Cooper is the host of the global telecast on Thanksgiving , 9 p.m. ET Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was working from home Thursday after fracturing her right elbow during a fall the day before , State Department officials said . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was treated and released after fracturing her elbow . Clinton fell Wednesday afternoon at the State Department on her way to the White House and was taken to George Washington University Hospital . She was treated and released . She will have surgery to repair her elbow in coming weeks . Clinton was with Richard Holbrooke , President Obama 's special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan , when she fell . "  Secretary Clinton appreciates the professionalism and kindness she received from the medical team who treated her this evening and looks forward to resuming her full schedule soon , " said department spokeswoman Cheryl Mills . Philip Crowley , an assistant secretary of state , said Obama was one of the first people to call Clinton Wednesday night . Clinton was at home "  resting comfortably , or uncomfortably . She is working from home . She is already taking some calls , and I 'm sure starting to learn the limits of movement -- how well you can text with one arm in a sling , " Crowley said . CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report .	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton breaks elbow in fall Clinton was on her way to White House Clinton plans to have surgery to repair elbow
CNN  -- The dozens of weapons a newspaper says the family of Oscar Pistorius owns are only for "  sport and hunting , " the family says . The family , in a statement released Tuesday , sought to distance itself from Henke Pistorius , Oscar 's father , who said that some of the guns are for protection from crime -- protection he said the African National Congress government is not providing . The family 's statement also was at odds with one by Oscar Pistorius , who told the magistrate who granted him bond that he kept the handgun that killed his girlfriend at his bed because he 's "  been a victim of violence and of burglaries . " Opinion : Why brutality is ingrained in psyche of South Africa The "  Pistorius family own weapons purely for sport and hunting purposes , " the Olympic icon 's family said in the statement provided by a spokesman . Beeld , an Afrikaans language newspaper , has reported the Pistorius family owns 55 weapons -- between his father , grandfather and two uncles -- not counting Oscar 's six guns . The family 's statement came in response to a controversy triggered when Henke Pistorius defended the arsenal by telling a UK newspaper that white South Africans need guns for self-defense because the ANC , which gained control in 1994 with the collapse of South Africa 's apartheid system , does a poor job of protecting them . "  Some of the guns are for hunting and some are for protection , the hand guns , " Henke Pistorius is quoted as telling a Telegraph reporter . "  It speaks to the ANC government -- look at white crime levels , why protection is so poor in this country , it 's an aspect of our society . " While he said he 's never used any of his four firearms -- two rifles and two handguns -- for self-defense , "  that does n't mean I have n't been hijacked , attacked . " "  As a family , we value life much too much to produce guns at every opportunity we can use them , " Henke Pistorius told the Telegraph . "  I have been in positions where I can use a gun but we have been brought up in a way that we value the lives of others very highly . " The ANC immediately attacked Henke Pistorius , saying his statement was not only "  devoid of truth , it is also racist . " "  It is sad that he has chosen to politicize a tragic incident that is still fresh in the minds of those affected and the public , " ANC spokesman Jackson Mthembu said . "  This tragic incident has affected two families that are still trying to come to terms with what happened and this latest racist slur is not assisting these families . We think it is ill-advisable for anyone to start apportioning undue blame . " Oscar Pistorius is charged with premeditated murder in the death of his girlfriend , model Reeva Steenkamp . Prosecutors say the Olympian killed Steenkamp , 29 , after a heated argument in the early morning hours of Valentine 's Day . The double-amputee sprinter , known as the "  Blade Runner , " submitted a sworn affidavit to the judge considering his bail request last month saying he kept a 9 mm pistol "  underneath my bed when I went to bed at night " because he was "  acutely aware of violent crime being committed by intruders entering homes with a view to commit crime , including violent crime . " "  I have received death threats before , " the affidavit said . "  I have also been a victim of violence and of burglaries before . " The magistrate granted bail , allowing Pistorius to go free eight days after the shooting . The Pistorius family , which hired a "  reputation management " firm to help with media relations , issued a statement Monday saying , "  Oscar and the rest of the Pistorius family distances itself " from Henke Pistorius ' comments . "  Henke 's interview with the newspaper was unapproved by our media liaison team , " family spokesman Arnold Pistorius , Henke 's brother , said . "  The comment does n't represent the views of Oscar or the rest of the Pistorius family . " Another political party -- the Young Communist League of South Africa -- weighed in on what it called "  reckless remarks . " "  It is actually believed by most South Africans that the wealthy , mostly white people receive preferential treatment and it is for this reason that the Young Communist League can not take seriously the claims made by Henke Pistorius , " the party said . Nkepile Mabuse , Brian Walker and Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Henke Pistorius cites "  white crime levels " as the reason for weapons arsenals ANC calls Henke Pistorius quotes "  devoid of truth ... racist " The Pistorius family issues a statement distancing itself from the quotes Oscar Pistorius told a judge he kept a gun in fear of violent crime
Steve Jobs hated Flash . Hated it . And not just a little bit . "  Flash is a spaghetti-ball piece of technology that has lousy performance and really bad security problems , " he said , according to biographer Walter Isaacson in his book published earlier this month . On Wednesday , Adobe announced it will no longer be developing Flash , its media-player tool , for mobile devices . More than a few bloggers have noted the news would have been vindication for the late Apple co-founder , who felt betrayed by Adobe more than a decade ago . In a post on the Adobe blog , company vice-president Danny Winokur said Flash has enabled the Web 's richest content for a decade . "  However , HTML5 is now universally supported on major mobile devices , in some cases exclusively , " he said , apparently a nod to Apple 's iPhone , iPad and iPod . "  This makes HTML5 the best solution for creating and deploying content in the browser across mobile platforms . " HTML5 is the emerging Web language that many developers are using . The Apple vs. Adobe standoff over Flash has been one of the tech world 's most visible , and at times nasty , disputes . As the company shifts away from developing software for smartphones and tablets , it is impossible to ignore the part that Apple 's steadfast refusal to use Flash on its popular mobile products may have played in the decision . Under Jobs , who died October 5 after a long battle with cancer , the iPhone became the industry 's leading smartphone and the iPad emerged to virtually dominate the tablet space . While there are more phones running Google 's Android software  many of them pointedly advertising their Flash compatibility  , no products captured the public 's imagination , and attention , quite like Apple 's . As such , when Jobs blasted Flash , people listened . And blast it he did . He called it "  buggy , " a battery hog and a product created by lazy developers . "  Allowing Flash to be ported across platforms means things get dumbed down to the lowest common denominator , " Jobs said , according to Isaacson . "  We spend lots of effort to make our platform better and the developer does n't get any benefit if Adobe only works with functions that every platform has . " Adobe fired back . Last year , the company bought multiplatform ads which , perhaps appropriately , flashed this message : "  We love Apple ... . What we do n't love is anybody taking away your freedom to choose what you create , how you create it , and what you experience on the Web . " According to the biography , Jobs ' longstanding animus toward Adobe helped form his vision for Apple 's tightly controlled mobile environment . In 1999 , he was flatly denied when he asked Adobe to create a version of its popular Adobe Premiere digital-graphics software for the Mac . Adobe also would n't rewrite Photoshop for the Mac 's operating system , even though Macs were popular with designers . "  My primary insight when we were screwed by Adobe in 1999 was that we should n't get into any business where we did n't control both the hardware and the software , otherwise we 'd get our head handed to us , " Jobs said , according to Isaacson . The two companies go back together even further . Apple invested in Adobe in 1985 and they worked together early on . But Jobs , who in Isaacson 's book comes off sometimes as vindictive and brusque as he was innovative and inspirational , told Isaacson that Adobe went downhill after founder John Warnock retired . "  The soul of Adobe disappeared when Warnock left , " he said . "  He was the inventor , the person I related to . It 's been a bunch of suits since then , and the company has turned to crap . " On Wednesday , Adobe said its upcoming release of Flash Player 11.1 for Android and the BlackBerry PlayBook will be the platform 's final mobile update . Moving forward , Winokur said , Adobe plans to work with "  key players in the HTML5 community , including Google , Apple , Microsoft and RIM . "	Steve Jobs hated Adobe 's Flash , which will quit developing for mobile devices The Apple CEO 's feud dated to 1999 , when Adobe would n't develop for the Mac He called Flash "  buggy ; " while Adobe criticized Apple for depriving developers of freedom Adobe will now support HTML5 , which Apple 's mobile devices use
CNN  -- Evangelist Billy Graham was released from the hospital Tuesday after a two-day stay and returned to his North Carolina home , Mission Hospital said . Pulmonologist Daniel Fertel said doctors caught his bronchitis early , a vital factor in his quick recovery . "  Despite this illness he remains remarkably healthy for a 93-year-old man , " the doctor said in a news release issued by the hospital . Graham was admitted to the hospital in the western North Carolina city of Asheville early Sunday morning . Graham said he received "  exceptional care " during his stay . "  I am also grateful for the prayers and letters I received from people across the country and around the world during my short stay , " Graham said in the news release . "  Such an outpouring of love and support is always a blessing but was especially appreciated during my hospitalization . " He was hospitalized with pneumonia last November , six months after being admitted to a hospital for the same condition . Since then , he has remained "  in good overall health ... though he continues to remain at home due to age-related conditions , " according to the hospital and the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . Graham , a resident of Montreat , about 18 miles east of Asheville , has provided counsel to generations of U.S. presidents , beginning with Harry S. Truman , and is the founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . The Charlotte native has preached to untold millions over six decades , beginning his missionary work in 1944 when he started speaking at rallies for the Youth for Christ/Campus Life ministry . Five years later , Graham was holding a "  crusade " in tents in downtown Los Angeles . Originally scheduled for three weeks , the crusade drew so many followers it was extended to seven . His "  last crusade " in June 2005 drew 230,000 people . Even with his advanced age and health issues , Graham remains "  actively involved in ministry and writing projects , " his evangelistic association and the hospital said . That includes writing a new book , which is almost done , "  summarizing his Gospel message over the past seven decades of public ministry . " He also has weighed in on hot-button issues of late , including supporting North Carolina 's constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage , which voters passed earlier this year , and last month defending the president of the Chick-fil-A restaurant chain for his opposition to same-sex marriage . Also in July , in a letter released by his organization , Graham leveled deep criticism at the United States and "  its deceived people . " "  Self-centered indulgence , pride and a lack of shame over sin are now emblems of the American lifestyle , " Graham wrote . But he saw hope . "  The wonderful news is that our Lord is a God of mercy , and he responds to repentance , " Graham said .	Billy Graham is discharged from the hospital after being treated for bronchitis Doctors say he is extremely fit for a 93-year-old Graham thanks people who sent him letters during his two-day stay
CNN  -- Gael Clichy has become Manchester City 's first signing of the transfer window after the French international defender completed his switch from Arsenal . Clichy , 25 , will cost Roberto Mancini 's side $ 11.2 million and has signed a four-year contract at the City of Manchester Stadium . The former Cannes left-back spent eight years with Arsenal and becomes the final member of Arsenal 's "  invincibles " -- the team of 2003/04 who won the English Premier League without losing a game -- to leave the Emirates Stadium . "  I 'm really happy to be joining such a great club , " Clichy told Manchester City 's official web site . "  I hope I can add to the quality we already have here because we have a fantastic squad who I believe will continue to get better . I ca n't wait to get started and I think anything is possible with this team . " As a member of the Gunners ' last title-winning squad , Clichy became the youngest player to receive a Premier League title medal and his compatriot and former manager Arsene Wenger thanked him for his services . "  We would like to thank Gael for eight years of terrific service to Arsenal , during which time he gave absolutely everything for the club ... Gael leaves with our respect and best wishes . We wish him the very best for his future career . " Clichy will be reunited with former teammates Kolo Toure and Patrick Vieira at City , and the Toulouse native is looking forward to working with his old friends . "  When I first came to England , it was Kolo Toure and Patrick Vieira who took me under their wing and really looked after me . "  Kolo would pick me up and drop me at home and his wife used to cook meals for me . Patrick was always there to offer me advice so it 's wonderful to be back and at the same club they are at . " Clichy has won 10 international caps for Les Bleus and was a member of the France squad which was eliminated from the 2010 World Cup in the opening round . FA Cup winners City finished third in England 's top flight last season to qualify for their first-ever Champions League campaign . Clichy made 45 appearances in Europe 's premier club competition during his time with Arsenal .	Gael Clichy has completed his transfer from Manchester City to Arsenal The France defender arrives at the City of Manchester Stadium for a fee of $ 11.2 m Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has thanked Clichy for his eight years at the club
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- At least 12 people have been killed in a multiple bombing Tuesday afternoon at a movie theater in Pakistan 's northwestern city of Peshawar , a hospital official said . Syed Jamil Shah , press officer for the city 's Lady Reading Hospital , said at least 17 others were injured . A senior Peshawar police officer , Ijaz Ahmed , said three hand grenades hit the Shama Cinema , which is infamous in the city for showing pornographic movies . One blast was inside the cinema , and the other two outside , he told reporters . The movie theater had received security threats , and police had advised that metal detectors should be set up outside it . This advice was not heeded , Ahmed said . A witness , Waliur Rehman , told CNN he was watching a film when the blast rocked the building . People started running outside . "  There was a cloud of dust and smoke , " he said . "  The first blast was followed by another -- and then another -- explosion . " No group or individual has claimed responsibility for the attack . Shahidullah Shahid , spokesman for the Pakistan Taliban , also known as Tehreek e Taliban Pakistan , denied any involvement by the militant group . Peshawar , the capital city of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in northwest Pakistan , borders the tribal districts that are a stronghold of the Pakistan Taliban . A week ago a suicide bomber blew himself up near a hotel restaurant in Peshawar , killing nine people and injuring more than 30 others , according to local officials . Journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi reported from Peshawar , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Sophia Saifi contributed to this report from Islamabad , Pakistan .	Pakistan Taliban spokesman denies group is behind the cinema bombing At least 12 people have died in the attack , a Peshawar hospital representative says Three hand grenades were detonated in and outside the Shama Cinema , police say The theater is infamous in the city for showing pornographic movies
Tuesday 's Senate primary in Kansas ended another ugly showdown that pit a tea party-backed challenger against an establishment Republican incumbent . CNN projects incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts has fended off conservative challenger Milton Wolf in the state 's GOP Senate primary . In his victory speech Roberts said that "  we celebrate tonight " and that "  we have another job starting first thing tomorrow . " "  That job is to unite Republicans under a common and vital cause , " he said . "  Unity must happen if we are to keep Kansas red . It must happen if we are going to defeat an Obama agenda and send Harry Reid back ! " The race saw controversies over residency and Facebook photos and a rare streetside confrontation . Roberts ' win leaves only Thursday 's nominating contest in Tennessee , where incumbent Lamar Alexander faces a bunch of conservative challengers , for a tea party-backed candidate to prevail in Senate primaries . Wolf 's campaign for months tried to portray Roberts as more in tune with Washington than Kansas , pointing to reports from earlier this year that the senator listed his voting address at the home of two longtime political supporters who rent a room to him . Wolf said in his concession speech that "  while we came up short tonight , I believe our battle just begins . " "  I believe we 're just getting warmed up , " he said to his supporters . "  I believe we 're going to save this country because it 's up to us . Our republic needs us to stand up and fight and it is the greatest honor of my life to stand shoulder to shoulder with you , " he said . "  To run towards the screaming instead of away . And I will always stand up and fight for our country and fight for our state . And it is the biggest honor of my life to say that I stood with you . " Still , Roberts was seen as the heavy favorite in the nomination battle with a large double-digit lead in the most recent poll . A couple of other minor candidates were also on the ballot . Dueling controversies The Wolf campaign ran numerous ads attacking Roberts over his residency . At the same time , the Roberts ' campaign over the past couple of months went up with TV ads reminding voters that Wolf , a radiologist , posted X-ray images of mortal injuries and made light of them and the victims . Wolf was later forced to admit he made "  insensitive " comments . Wolf painted himself as a conservative activist with the guts to stand up to the GOP establishment . As a doctor , he frequently campaigned against the Affordable Care Act and proposed his own plan that he calls "  PatientCare . " He enjoyed the backing and the support of some major national tea party groups , such as the Tea Party Patriots and the Tea Party Express , and some influential anti-establishment organizations , like the Senate Conservatives Fund and the Madison Project . Roberts enjoyed the support of the National Republican Senatorial Campaign , which is chaired by fellow Kansas Republican Sen. Jerry Moran . Showdown on the street In the closing weeks of the primary campaign , Wolf highlighted what he said was Robert 's refusal to debate him . Last week , Wolf changed his travel plans at the last minute to confront Roberts as he met with business leaders in Emporia , Kansas . "  You told Kansans you would give them your word and you would give them a debate , " Wolf said to Roberts . "  You have said it multiple times in multiple places . You tell us that you are tough and you 're tested and trusted . And I want you to keep your word on that , I want you to debate . I think Kansans deserve it . " "  Milton , Milton , Milton , Milton , " Roberts said dismissively . "  This is not the time . We have a regularly-scheduled event , a listening tour event . This is not the time . " "  When would be the time , senator , because I 'll go anywhere you 'd like . You 've given your word to debate . Let 's just debate , " Wolf continued as Roberts walked off . Roberts ' campaign was asked why he would n't debate . "  The question 's not about debating . The question is about an immature candidate with a desperate campaign , an unethical candidate pulling stunts like he did today . When you 're 20 points down , these are the kind of desperate stunts you pull , " spokesman Sean Fitzpatrick said . 2014 tea party challenges The primary in Kansas comes six weeks after longtime Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi narrowly won re-nomination , edging out tea party-backed state Sen. Chris McDaniel in a runoff . McDaniel officially contested the results of the June primary runoff on Monday after revealing alleged evidence of voter fraud and irregularities . While the Kansas contest has made some headlines , it pales in comparison to the Mississippi showdown , which played out in the national political spotlight . More primary highlights Also in Kansas , Rep. Mike Pompeo beat former congressman Todd Tiahrt in the Republican primary for the state 's 4th Congressional District , CNN projects . Tiahart held the seat for 16 years before giving it up to run for the Senate , ultimately losing in 2010 to Jerry Moran . Voters in Michigan , Missouri and Washington also voted Tuesday in their respective state 's primary contest . Here are some of the highlights : In Michigan 's 3rd Congressional District , the familiar 2014 narrative -- tea party challenger takes on establishment GOP incumbent -- was turned on its head . Challenger Brian Ellis , a businessman who has support from the Chamber of Commerce , tried to unseat two-term Rep. Justin Amash , a libertarian who won his seat in the 2010 tea party wave that landed Republicans in the House majority . But despite being outspent , Amash staved off his establishment-backed challenger . Debbie Dingell , a Democrat , declared victory Tuesday in Michigan 's 12th Congressional District against opponent Raymond Mullins . She announced plans earlier this year to run for the seat being vacated by her husband , Rep. John Dingell , the longest serving member of Congress in history .	Incumbent Sen. Pat Roberts beats tea party-backed challenger Milton Wolf The Kansas race was largely defined by personal attacks on both sides Tea party will get another chance to knock off an establishment candidate in Tennessee Voters in Michigan , Missouri and Washington also voted Tuesday
CNN  Miss Lebanon Saly Greige is distancing herself from a photo of her and Miss Israel Doron Matalon that 's causing an online uproar . The picture appeared on Matalon 's Instagram feed on January 11 . It shows Matalon smiling with Greige , Miss Slovenia and Miss Japan in Miami , where the Miss Universe pageant will take place on Sunday . "  Good morning from us ! " reads the caption . The image ignited a wide-ranging debate in the comments of the picture about the ongoing conflict between Israel and much of the Arab world . Officially , Israel and Lebanon are still at war , even though there have been no large-scale hostilities on the border since 2006 . Travel between them by citizens of the two countries is prohibited . The Miss Universe Organization defended the picture , saying it was "  unfortunate " that the picture has been perceived in a negative light . "  At an event with one of our charitable partners , Miss Universe Lebanon and Miss Universe Israel innocently ended up in an impromptu photo together , which was then posted on Instagram , " the organization said in a statement to CNN . "  It is unfortunate to know a photo of four smiling women from different parts of the world , working together at an event , could be misconstrued as anything other than what it is , a celebration of universal friendship , which the Miss Universe pageant is all about . " Greige addressed the controversy on Saturday on social media , sharing what she called "  the truth behind the photo . " She also posted the same photo on her Instagram account with Miss Israel cropped out . From the start of pageant preparations , Greige said , she was "  very cautious to avoid being in any photo or communication with Miss Israel . " As she explains it , she was posing for a photo with Miss Japan and Miss Slovenia when "  suddenly Miss Israel jumped in , took a selfie , and put it on her social media , " she said . Matalon weighed in Sunday after a website posted an article with the headline "  Miss Lebanon in Trouble . " She took a screenshot of the article and captioned it , "  It does n't surprise me , but it still makes me sad , " and posted it on her social media accounts . "  Too bad you can not put the hostility out of the game , only for three weeks of an experience of a lifetime that we can meet girls from around the world and also from the neighboring country . " Comments on her original photo echoed the sentiment . "  As a Lebanese , I really do n't see anything wrong with this picture . It 's time we promote peace over violence as the latter has gotten us no where . And if you really wan na discuss politics , it surely should n't be under the picture of 4 beautiful ladies who have nothing to do with your b ****** t. Good luck ladies ! " It 's not the first time beauty pageants have been caught up in political controversy . According to multiple news reports , former Miss Lebanon Christina Sawaya pulled out of Miss Universe 2002 because she did not want to share the stage with Miss Israel amid tensions in the Middle East . "  The Miss Universe pageant has always been a celebration of different cultures , welcoming women from all around the globe . It provides an opportunity for the participants to see just how much they have in common , " the organization said . "  With 88 women from around the world coming together for the Miss Universe pageant , new friendships are forged and we hope that these relationships can make inroads for change in the future . "	Miss Universe Organization calls controversy "  unfortunate " Photo shows Miss Lebanon Saly Greige with Miss Israel Doron Matalon and two other Miss Universe contestants Greige says Matalon "  jumped " into shot and "  took a selfie "
CNN  -- When high schoolers tour the world 's largest nuclear research facility from their desks , or teachers have a chance to see the classroom through students ' eyes , that 's the power of Google Glass . But even as Google 's much buzzed-about wearable computer makes its way into the hands of technophiles , law enforcement and firefighters , it might be a while before it comes to a school near you . Slowly , Google Glass is starting to turn up in schools . A handful of educators are beta testers in Google 's Glass Explorer Program . They 're capturing videos and images of classroom activities through a small camera built into Glass ' frame , and sharing them online . They use Glass to teach lessons from their perspective to share with others , or for their own reference . They 're propping the glasses on students , and using the footage and images from young people to understand what they see and how they learn . Even with limited applications and functionality in these early versions of Google Glass , some teachers and technology enthusiasts see huge potential . "  The possibilities are endless as more applications are developed for the device and as Glass gets into the hands of more teachers and students , " said Kathy Schrock , a former librarian and technology consultant who serves on the board of International Society for Technology in Education . "  Having a single pair of Google Glass in the classroom reminds me of the days of the one-computer classroom . Everyone had to wait for a turn to use the device , " Schrock , a Google Certified Teacher , said in an e-mail . "  I think once we see a K-12 school pilot with a classroom set of Glass , there will be many more practical and creative uses showcased . " The virtual field trip is often touted as a use for Glass , and there are apps in development expected to display information about locations the Glass wearer sees . Google sent online educator Andrew Vanden Heuvel to Switzerland in 2013 so he could lead students on a virtual tour of the Large Hadron Collider at the European Organization for Nuclear Research known as CERN . Through a Google + hangout , students from South Christian High School in Michigan watched Vanden Heuvel walk through the world 's largest and most powerful particle accelerator , taking their questions and pointing out features . Even more common , educators broadcast from inside the classroom , leading science labs , group discussions or even performing surgery for remote audiences . They show it in real time through Google + hangouts and as videos shared later through YouTube , personal blogs and other forms of social media . After his field trip , Vanden Heuvel continued using Glass by making a series of instructional science and math videos called STEMBites . When a New Jersey high school student had to miss school for medical reasons , chemistry teacher Marc Seigel asked the student 's friend to wear Glass during science labs and broadcast them to her in a Google + hangout . An online group for Glass Explorers in Education lets users share similar stories and pose questions to the group of 612 members . But Google Glass in every classroom could be a long way off . There 's a long list of reasons why the most intriguing device in tech just is n't ready for school : Glass is expected to be more widely available toward the end of 2014 , but the $ 1,500 price tag is a significant barrier for schools and teachers . So far , there 's no educational discount , teachers said , and Google has n't announced plans to partner with educational institutions . Its short battery life needs to be resolved before broader implementation is possible , teachers said , and Glass is mired in privacy concerns , especially when children are involved . "  To me , the greatest value of Glass so far is n't what it 's able to do , but the conversation being had nationally about how we interact with technology and how we want it to be part of society , " said Vanden Heuvel , who teaches online math and science classes . Vanden Heuvel views Glass as another tool in his arsenal , but it 's "  not necessarily the best for every situation , " he said . "  I think the $ 1,500 would be better spent on three Chromebooks , " he said . Still , early adopters in education are looking for ways to make it work . Margaret Powers , lower school technology coordinator at the Episcopal Academy in Newtown Square , Pennsylvania , has been documenting her experiences using Glass in class on on her blog , 365 Days of Glass . She saw potential in Glass as a tool to capture moments of discovery and learning through her students ' eyes , in line with the Reggio Emilia philosophy she embraces as an educator . Since April 2013 , she 's used Glass to document the day 's activities and post video highlights online . Glass gives her the benefit of doing it hands-free , so she can maintain eye contact and interact with students while gathering information , she said . Periodically , she puts together video clips around specific topics , like teaching students about coding , as presentations for parents . She lets students use the device to document their experience making Native crafts or playing in the snow to share with partner classrooms around the country . Among its greatest benefits so far ? Powers said she can finally see the classroom through the eyes of her students , who range from pre-K to second grade . It shows which details catch their attention , and sometimes reveals simple problems , like when Powers realized she was posting some information too high for her young students to see . "  It has been really interesting to try it because their perspective is so unique and different from ours , which is why I think  Glass  has a lot of potential with these age ranges , " she said . "  To get just a few moments to see how they learn to do a math problem , or to get a sense of their vantage point is so great for teachers . " How would you feel about your child using Google Glass at school ? Share your thoughts in the comments , on Twitter @CNNschools or on CNN Living 's Facebook page !	A handful of teachers have started using Google Glass in their classrooms It 's used for virtual field trips , to document lab work and reveal students ' perspectives The cost , battery life and privacy concerns might keep it out of schools , teachers said
The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday refused to stop Texas from implementing a part of a new abortion law that requires doctors to get admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic where they 're providing abortion services . A federal appeals court had reinstated the key part of the law , which is considered among the most restrictive in the country . Abortion-rights groups , which say more than a third of centers that had provided abortions in Texas have since stopped , then asked the Supreme Court to overturn the appeals court ruling . "  We may not vacate a stay entered by a court of appeals unless that court clearly and ` demonstrably ' erred in its application of ` accepted standards , ' " Justice Antonin Scalia wrote in support of Tuesday 's order . "  Reasonable minds can perhaps disagree about whether the Court of Appeals should have granted a stay in this case . But there is no doubt that the applicants have not carried their heavy burden of showing that doing so was a clear violation of accepted legal standards -- which do not include a special ` status quo ' standard for laws affecting abortion , " he wrote . Four justices -- Stephen Breyer , Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan -- dissented . Justices dismiss state law restricting medical abortions The original lawsuit , filed in U.S. District Court in Austin by Planned Parenthood on behalf of more than a dozen women 's health care providers across Texas , alleged the state 's new abortion law violates the constitutional rights of women and puts unreasonable demands on doctors who perform abortions . The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen. Wendy Davis . Gov. Rick Perry then called the Legislature into a second special session to continue consideration of the bill . Davis , who is running for governor , blasted Tuesday 's decision . "  Clinics will close and women 's health will be hurt because of this law . This is an abuse of power by politicians in Austin . I trust women to make their own decisions and will continue to work to make sure that women and mothers are safe and have access to adequate health care , " she said in a statement . Perry cheered the ruling . "  This is good news both for the unborn and for the women of Texas , who are now better protected from shoddy abortion providers operating in dangerous conditions . As always , Texas will continue doing everything we can to protect the culture of life in our state , " he said . Supreme Court justices dismiss another Oklahoma law on abortion	Four U.S. Supreme Court justices dissent in the ruling Wendy Davis : "  This is an abuse of power by politicians " Texas governor vows to protect the "  culture of life in our state "
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives passed a slightly altered health care "  fixes " bill Thursday night , completing legislative action on President Obama 's top domestic priority . The so-called "  fixes " bill , approved by a 220-207 vote , now goes to Obama to be signed into law . It makes changes in the broader health care reform measure that Obama enacted Tuesday . Approval by both the House and Senate on Thursday concluded a tortuous legislative struggle for the health care reform legislation , which received no Republican support in any of the major votes in either chamber dating back to last year . How will health reform affect you ? "  This is a very proud night in the history of this Congress , " House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer told reporters , adding he expected Obama to sign the measure next week . Thursday 's vote "  completes the process of a bill that has been in the making literally for a century , and certainly for decades , " said Hoyer , D-Maryland . The "  fixes " bill also included provisions to shift government funding for student loans away from commercial banks to new education initiatives . Until now , commercial banks have received federal subsidies for student loans . Earlier Thursday , Senate Republicans forced two minor provisions involving the student loan funding to be stripped from the bill -- changes that required the House to take up the bill a second time but had no effect on the broader health care bill that took effect Tuesday . A Senate Republican Budget Committee memo said the violations raised by GOP senators involved Pell grant spending that wo n't immediately affect the federal budget , and therefore was ineligible for inclusion in the measure . That 's because the measure was being passed under reconciliation rules , which apply only to budget-related measures . After the changes , the Senate approved the bill on a 56-43 vote to send it to the House a second time . On Sunday , the House passed both the overall health care bill and the accompanying fixes bill as part of a complicated legislative process necessary to overcome unanimous Republican opposition . Republicans used every parliamentary tool available to try to undermine both the overall health care bill and the fixes measure . They forced the Senate to begin deliberations on a series of proposed amendments starting Wednesday night . The Senate did not adjourn until 2:45 a.m. Thursday . The Senate reconvened at 9:45 a.m. to consider additional GOP proposals which , among other things , were designed to force Democrats to cast unpopular votes in the run-up to November 's midterm elections . The Democrats ' fixes bill was necessary to get a reluctant House to pass the Senate 's health care reform measure unchanged . If there had been any changes to that initial bill , it would have had to go back to the Senate for another vote , which almost certainly would have failed . Since a special election earlier this year in which Democrats lost the Senate seat formerly held by Sen. Ted Kennedy , the party has not had enough votes to overcome a Republican filibuster . That situation prompted the two-bill strategy Democrats are using . After passing the Senate bill without changes , House Democrats passed the fixes bill Sunday to alter provisions they did not like . Because the bill was being handled under the reconciliation rules in the Senate , only 51 votes were needed for passage . The compromise package added more than $ 60 billion to the overall plan 's cost partly by expanding insurance subsidies for middle - and lower-income families . Specific provisions included : • Closing the Medicare prescription drug "  doughnut hole " by 2020 . Under current law , Medicare stops covering drug costs after a plan and beneficiary have spent more than $ 2,830 on prescription drugs . It starts paying again after an individual 's out-of-pocket expenses exceed $ 4,550 . Senior citizens stuck in the doughnut hole this year will receive a $ 250 rebate . • Raising the threshold for imposing the so-called "  Cadillac " tax on expensive health insurance plans to coverage valued at more than $ 10,200 for individuals and $ 27,500 for families . The tax wo n't kick in until 2018 . • Imposing an additional 3.8 percent Medicare payroll tax on investment income for individuals making more than $ 200,000 a year and couples making more than $ 250,000 a year . • Eliminating a special exemption for the state of Nebraska from all new Medicaid expenses -- known as the "  Cornhusker Kickback . " The federal government will instead assist every state by picking up 100 percent of the costs of expanded Medicaid coverage between 2014 and 2016 , and 90 percent starting in 2020 . • Reducing the fine for individuals who do not purchase coverage from $ 750 to $ 695 . • Increasing the fine on large companies failing to provide health coverage for workers from $ 750 to $ 2,000 per employee . The compromise package would add more than $ 60 billion to the overall plan 's cost partly by expanding insurance subsidies for middle - and lower-income families . It also would expand Medicare 's prescription drug benefit while scaling back the bill 's taxes on expensive insurance plans . Among the GOP amendments to the fixes bill defeated by Democrats were a provision to eliminate new penalties being imposed on businesses whose workers use federally subsidized insurance . In addition , Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , proposed that drugs for erectile dysfunction , such as Viagra and Cialis , be prohibited to sex offenders , and Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , sought to strike so-called "  sweetheart deals , " such as an extra $ 300 million in Medicaid funds for Louisiana . Republicans are "  not serious about helping this bill , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Wednesday . They are concerned only with "  throwing roadblocks in front of anything we do . " Republicans raised points of order against the fixes bill on two provisions , and the Senate parliamentarian ruled them legitimate . Democrats lacked the 60 votes necessary to override the ruling . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Tom Cohen , Alan Silverleib , Lisa Desjardins and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : House passes Senate health care "  fixes " bill by 220-207 vote The vote ended legislative action on Obama 's top domestic priority Senate Republicans had found violations in two provisions , forcing bill back to House
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A southern California woman turned herself in to authorities as the person who pepper sprayed video-game shoppers in a Walmart during Black Friday 's shopping frenzy , Los Angeles police said Saturday . The woman has not been charged because detectives are continuing their investigation into the incident that required firefighters to treat 10 people for exposure to pepper spray , authorities said . The woman 's name was n't released Saturday , police said . "  We have her identity and we know who she is and where she is at . When appropriate action needs to be taken , we know where to find her , " said Officer Bruce Borihanh , a police spokesman . "  She 's a suspect , but she 's not booked or anything , so we 're not releasing her name . "  The detectives have a lot to do . They have to interview a bunch of witnesses , the victims themselves , and from there they will determine what action needs to be taken , " Borihanh said . The woman turned herself in Friday night at the Los Angeles Police Department 's Devonshire station in Northridge , California , Borihanh said . The pepper-spraying incident , which occurred in a Walmart in the nearby Los Angeles neighborhood of Porter Ranch , occurred Thursday night . Borihanh said he did n't have information explaining why the woman took about 24 hours to turn herself in . Black Friday shopping was marked by violence in at least seven states , including California . At the Walmart in Porter Ranch , the pepper-spraying incident occurred when a woman doused fellow shoppers with the spray as people were grabbing for Xbox video game consoles , police said . The suspect was able to pay for her purchases and leave the store before police arrived , authorities said . On Friday afternoon , police described her as a Hispanic woman , 32 to 38 years of age , 5-foot-3 , 140 pounds and wearing black pants and a black sweater . Police said Friday that the woman 's action did n't appear to be self-defense and that charges such as spraying a caustic compound would be determined later . One witness to the incident , Juan Castro , said he and other shoppers were hunting for "  deals , " when a woman began using pepper spray . He was trying to buy a Wii video game at $ 20 , marked down from a typical $ 60 , he said . "  I do n't know if she felt threatened or she felt she had to do that to get what she wanted , " Castro told CNN on Friday . "  I did n't see her personally , but I sure got the scent of the mace . I got it in my throat . It was burning . I saw people around me , they got it really bad . As you see in the video , some woman was crying ` my eyes , my eyes , ' " Castro said . "  I tried to get away as quickly as possible because I did n't think it was worth it . No deal 's worth that , " he said . Violent incidents also occurred in South Carolina , North Carolina , Florida , New York , Alabama and Connecticut , with most of the reported incidents happening at or near Walmart stores . Despite the reports , Walmart said the day 's shopping frenzy had been remarkably safe for shoppers at its thousands of stores nationwide . "  There were a few unfortunate incidents but overall we have received very positive feedback from our customers , " Walmart spokesman Greg Rossiter said . In 2008 , crowds of frantic Black Friday shoppers trampled a Walmart employee in New York as he and other workers tried to unlock the door at 5 a.m. CNN 's Sandra Endo and Michael Cary contributed to this report	The woman is n't charged yet because detectives are still investigating Authorities are n't releasing her name Ten Black Friday shoppers were pepper sprayed in a California Walmart
CNN  -- This world is a busy place with billions of people and billions of things to achieve and experience . It 's easy to live a lifetime without knowing the feeling of helping others . But can you really blame people for making a way for themselves and not others ? That 's the message you get from birth : "  Go after your dreams and do n't let anything or anyone keep you from it . " I hear people ask : "  What 's in it for me ? " or "  Why should I help you , or them ? " Could it be that they were never taught the importance of helping others or know how much they could gain from it themselves ? For me it was n't someone , but more something , that made me realize the importance of helping others . It was simply visiting a place that some have never visited before -- and fighting for my life . After sustaining burn injuries while serving in the Army in Iraq in 2003 at 19 years old , I asked myself a notebook full of questions . The main one was : "  Why did this happen to me , and what am I going to do with it ? " As I carried on with my recovery , I waited for that answer . About six months after I was burned , I was asked to visit a young man in the same position as me . He was in the early stages of his recovery and had n't been as physically injured as I was . Growing up , I was n't as connected to helping other people because too much was catching my attention , typical teenage things like football and girls . Needless to say , walking into that young man 's room when I was 20 and visiting him gave me more than any other experience ever gave me . It opened my eyes to a true purpose . I learned that I was able to have an impact on others and help them avoid the difficulties and challenges I faced in order to learn the many things I have learned . I do not regret what happened to me on April 5 , 2003 , because it has brought me to a special place and has given me so much from which to grow . I know I have so much more to experience and learn . I am living the America Dream , and that is being able to dream and make it a reality . Others do not have this opportunity because of a disruptive childhood , abusive relationships or limited resources . I went from fighting for my life to helping inspire others to fight for their own . I have had the honor of sharing my own life experiences with audiences throughout the world , and it has been a whirlwind . However , being able to hear others ' stories and meet people who share the name "  Hero " with me is even more amazing . I had the unbelievable honor to meet great people over the years , and most recently , at the CNN Hero Awards show in Los Angeles . I attended the show to support my friend Dan Wallrath , founder of Operation Finally Home , which provides custom-made homes to wounded and disabled veterans and the widows of the fallen in an effort to get their lives back on track and become productive members of their communities . He is a hero to many people . He did n't know much about the troops , but he knew how to build homes and wanted to give the troops what had been given to him and his family : hope , life , respect , acknowledgement and opportunity . Witnessing him being honored and also meeting nine other heroes that night motivated me to continue the fight to give to others . So , ask yourself this question : Will you be someone 's hero ? If you reply yes , but do n't know where to start , do as my friend Paul Rieckhoff , the executive director and founder of Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , suggests . "  Instead of asking the question , ` What can I can do ? ' The real question is , ` What do you do best ? ' " The more heroes we have , the better off our world will be . All of us can have an unimaginable effect on one person with the simple concept of making him or her feel cared for , appreciated and that they matter . Most important , you will learn far more than you ever expected , and that is what 's in it for you . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of J.R. Martinez .	J.R. Martinez was severely burned while serving as a soldier in Iraq at 19 During recovery , he helped another young man in the same situation , which changed his life People do n't understand that the feeling of helping others is "  what 's in it for them " To start helping others , do what you do best , make them feel appreciated , Martinez says
Ercis , Turkey  CNN  -- The death toll from the massive earthquake that shook eastern Turkey over the weekend rose to 535 Thursday , up from 471 the day before , but crews have been able to rescue 185 people alive from the rubble , Turkish officials said . In addition , about 2,300 people were injured by the 7.2-magnitude earthquake that struck Sunday , according to the Turkish Disaster and Emergency Relief Agency . Meanwhile , crews rescued 18-year-old Imdat Padak alive from the rubble of an apartment building in Ercis almost 100 hours after the earthquake , the semi-official Anatolian new agency reported . After teams from Azerbaijan retrieved him , Padak was taken to a hospital for initial treatment , and then was airlifted by helicopter to Van . Padak appeared not to have any significant trauma , but was suffering dehydration . He is reported to be a student from the village of Kiziloren and was taking courses while preparing for university entrance exams . Earlier in the week , crews pulled a 2-week-old baby , Azra Karaduman , alive from the debris . The developments came as there were reports of a moderate earthquake in the country 's south . A 5.2 earthquake hit about 200 kilometers  125 miles  south of the center of Sunday 's quake , near the border with Iraq , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . There were no immediate reports of damage from the latest quake . Padak was the latest of several people found alive in the rubble days after Sunday 's quake . On Wednesday rescuers pulled two people from collapsed buildings . Britain has pledged emergency tents for more than 5,500 people whose homes were destroyed , Home Secretary Theresa May said during a visit to Turkey Thursday . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Yesim Comert and Michael Martinez contributed to this story	NEW : The death toll rises to 535 NEW : Crews have rescued 185 people alive from the rubble One person saved is an 18-year-old man Britain pledges emergency tents for more than 5,500 people
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Record oil prices , the sub-prime mortgage mess and slumping stock markets are hardly music to the ears of investors . In tough economic times like these , investors seek out safe , stable investments such as guaranteed government bonds or CDs . Yet a growing number are being wooed by the sweet sounds , and profits , of something new -- investment funds specializing in high-end musical instruments . The Stradivarius violin -- only about 700 are believed to exist -- is the premier investment instrument . Talented musicians want them , but ca n't afford them -- one fetched $ 3.5 million at auction . Enter Nigel Brown , winner of The Queen 's Award for Enterprise and Chairman of the NW Brown Group , a financial services company . He brings musician and investor together . "  What happens is , a musician comes along to see me , having fallen in love with an instrument , " Brown says . "  Then , what I do is to pull a syndicate of people together to buy this instrument so that the musician can then have the use of it ... " Down the road , the musician can buy the instrument from the investors . They split the profits if its value appreciates . That 's how violinist Matthew Trusler got his $ 2 million Stradivarius . Brown loved Trusler 's playing and funded the instrument himself . "  They are just the most fantastic violins that were ever made , " Trusler says , clutching his . "  This one was made in 1711 ... and it 's been around for 300 years and it 's a really wonderful violin . " Not everyone is convinced a Stradivarius is such a great deal -- particularly modern instrument makers . "  I think if you can get hold of one of the very best Strads , not just any Strad ... I think they probably give you , as a player , something special , " says violin-maker Andreas Hudelmayer . "  But if you ca n't have one of the very few best , you are just as well off with a new instrument . " His reasoning ? The cost of insuring a Stradivarius for just a couple of years would pay for a new , top-quality violin , Hudelmayer says . Even so , the reality is that old violins are attracting those looking for alternative investments . A new hedge fund called the Fine Violins Fund is dedicated to top-range instruments . The latest studies show exclusive violins are earning a steady 3.5 percent a year since 1850 . That beats U.S. Treasury bonds over the same timeframe , with their 2.19 percent average yield . Of course , you have to be in the investment game for the long haul . "  They 've proved to be fantastic investments , " says Simon Morris , director of Beare 's -- a broker and appraiser of high-end violins , violas and cellos . "  For many of the musicians that bought say in the 1960s , they 've been the best pension plan they could 've had . "  Like anything , you have to purchase well and sell well . You ca n't just go and buy any old thing . " But for these investors , the financial return is only part of the investment . "  The fact they make a financial gain is of course gratifying at the end of the day , but it is mostly the support of the musician , " says Brown . "  They like being able to go along to a concert and hear their instrument performed by their artist . " E-mail to a friend	Investors are being wooed by funds specializing in high-end musical instruments The Stradivarius violin is the premier investment instrument A new hedge fund called the Fine Violins Fund is dedicated to top-range instruments
After years of rising cholesterol levels from fatty diets and pudgy waistlines , there 's finally good news , experts say . More people who are trying to lower their cholesterol are actually succeeding in getting their low-density lipoprotein , or bad cholesterol , down to healthy levels . Research suggests that decreasing LDL -- via drugs , exercise and/or diet -- can ward off heart attacks and strokes . However , there 's still room for improvement , according to research from nine countries , including the United States and Canada . And there 's good reason to stay focused on lowering your cholesterol : Research suggests that decreasing LDL can ward off heart attacks , strokes , and other health problems . In the new study , which was funded by Pfizer and published in Circulation : Journal of the American Heart Association , an international group of researchers led by David D. Waters , M.D. , of the University of California , San Francisco , looked at 9,955 people with an average age of 62 to see whether cholesterol-lowering efforts -- including taking medication or trying diet and exercise alone -- were having the intended effect . For healthy people , the current target for LDL cholesterol is less than 160 mg/dL , and for those with two or more heart disease risk factors , it 's less than 130 mg/dL . For people with heart disease , LDL should be less than 100 mg/dL and possibly even less than 70 mg/dL for those at super-high risk . The survey , known as the Lipid Treatment Assessment Project 2 , is an update of a similar survey done in the United States in 1996 and 1997 . At that time , just 38 percent of Americans in general and 18 percent of people with heart disease who were trying to lower cholesterol actually had their LDL cholesterol under control . Health.com : 4 tips for healthy drinking while dieting Things have definitely gotten better . Waters and his colleagues found that in 2006 -- 2007 , 73 percent of people had their LDL cholesterol in an acceptable range . This included 86 percent of people at relatively low risk of heart problems , 74 percent at moderate risk , and 67 percent at high risk . But just one in three people , or 30 percent , who already had heart disease and at least two other risk factors  such as obesity and smoking  had their LDL cholesterol in the healthy range . About 75 percent of the patients in the survey were taking statins , 16 percent were treated with only diet and exercise , and the remainder took a cholesterol-lowering medication that was not a statin . Statins include brand-name drugs like Lipitor , Zocor , and Crestor , among others . The findings "  should be a wake-up call " to people who already have or are at risk of heart attack and strokes , says Gregg Fonarow , M.D. , the codirector of the UCLA Preventative Cardiology Program , who was not involved with the research . People with cardiovascular disease should not "  assume that just because they 're under medical care that they 've optimized their cardiovascular health , " he says . Health.com : Ultimate guide to fresh fruits and veggies However , Dan Hackam , M.D. , Ph.D. , of the University of Western Ontario and the Stroke Prevention and Atherosclerosis Research Centre in London , Ontario , says the survey may not be a fair representation of people with high cholesterol . The survey included only people who had been using the same cholesterol-lowering approach for at least three months . "  There 's lots of people in the general population who should be on these drugs who are n't on them , " Hackam says . "  I see a lot of patients who 've had heart attacks and strokes who are n't on these medications . " Nevertheless , according to Hackam , the findings are "  very good news . " When the original survey was done , he says , there were just a couple of major clinical trials showing the health benefits of cholesterol reduction with statins . Since then , there have been around 50 such trials , he adds , including some with women , minorities , and seniors . "  There 's just so much more awareness now among physicians of the clinical evidence , " he says . Health.com : 10 celebrity couples : Who 's healthy , who 's not ? Fonarow says there are still plenty of doctors out there who do n't treat cholesterol as aggressively as they should . "  The threat to the patient is something that plays out over many years or decades ; it 's not an immediate threat , " he notes . This time lag can make it difficult for some people to see the benefits of treating high cholesterol just as aggressively as they would a heart attack , says Fonarow . Hackam says he measures his patients ' heart disease and stroke risk by giving them a 12-hour fasting cholesterol test and a scan of the walls of the arteries in their neck . If the scan shows fatty plaques , he recommends cholesterol-lowering therapy even if the patient 's cholesterol levels are normal . Health.com : New iPhone apps for healthier , more earth-friendly shopping Other steps people can take , aside from seeing their doctor , include quitting smoking and exercising more , Hackam says . There 's even a home cholesterol test -- just like the home glucose tests used by people with diabetes -- that patients could use . "  People can be very proactive , " he explains . To find out if your cholesterol levels are where they should be , and what to do if they are n't , Fonarow recommends checking out the interactive Web sites run by the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology . Why are more people hitting cholesterol targets ? It probably is n't because more patients are taking their medication properly or sticking with their diet , according to an editorial published with the study . It 's more likely that the newer cholesterol-lowering drugs do a better job of curbing LDL , writes Antonio M. Gotto , Jr. , M.D. , D.Phil , of Weill Cornell Medical College , in New York City . About half of the study participants were taking one of these newer drugs , he notes . Health.com : The medical tests every woman must have Gotto is a consultant for Merck and other companies and is on the advisory board of DuPont and Novartis . Waters and other study coauthors have received consulting fees from Pfizer and other pharmaceutical companies . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study : More heart patients are succeeding in getting cholesterol to healthy levels In 2006-07 , 73 percent of people had LDL in healthy range vs. 38 percent in 1996-97 Likely that the newer cholesterol-lowering drugs do a better job of curbing LDL There 's still room for improvement , says one expert
CNN  President Barack Obama says that the last American troops will leave Afghanistan at the end of 2016 . This happens to roughly coincide with the end of his second term in office and also fulfills his campaign promise to wind down America 's post-9 / 11 wars . But is it a wise policy ? Short answer : Of course not . One only has to look at the debacle that has unfolded in Iraq after the withdrawal of US troops at the end of 2011 to have a sneak preview of what could take place in an Afghanistan without some kind of residual American presence . Without U.S. forces in the country , there is a strong possibility Afghanistan could host a reinvigorated Taliban allied to a reinvigorated al Qaeda . Needless to say , this would be a disaster for Afghanistan . But it would also be quite damaging to U.S. interests to have some kind of resurgent al Qaeda in the country where the group trained the hijackers for the 9/11 attacks . It would also be disastrous for the Democratic Party , should it win the presidency in 2016 , to be the party that "  lost " Afghanistan . After all , the Democratic Party is viewed by some as weaker on national security than the Republicans and it is inevitable that without some kind of residual American presence in Afghanistan al Qaeda would gain sufficient strength to launch an attack from the Afghan-Pakistan border region against American interests . An easy way for potential Democratic Party presidential candidates such as Hillary Clinton to distinguish their national security policies from Obama 's would be to say that they are in favor of some kind of long-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan and to argue that it would be needed to avoid an Iraq-style outcome there . Similarly , as the Republican Party starts ramping up for the 2016 campaign , potential candidates such as Jeb Bush can distinguish themselves from the isolationist Rand Paul wing of the party by saying that they are committed to a long-term presence in Afghanistan . This U.S. military presence in Afghanistan does n't have to be a large , nor does it need to play a combat role , but U.S. troops should remain in Afghanistan to advise the Afghan army and provide intelligence support . Such a long-term commitment of several thousand American troops is exactly the kind of force that the Obama administration was forced to deploy to Iraq during the past six months following ISIS 's lightning advances . Selling such a long-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan would be pushing against an open door with that nation 's government . Consider that within 24 hours of being installed , the new Afghan government signed the basing agreement that allows American troops to stay in Afghanistan until December 2016 . Consider also that the Afghan government has already negotiated a strategic partnership agreement with the United States lasting until 2024 that would provide the framework for a longer term U.S. military presence . Consider also that many Afghans see a relatively small , but long-term international troop presence as a guarantor of their stability . It is also not in Pakistan 's interests for Afghanistan to fall to the Taliban or be thrust into another civil war . The Pakistanis have seen for themselves repeatedly the folly of allowing the Taliban to flourish on their own soil , most recently in the Taliban attack last month on the army school in Peshawar that killed 132 children . It is in Pakistan 's own interest that the Afghan army is able to fight effectively against the Taliban , which is more likely if they continue to have American advisers at their side . Other regional powers such as the Chinese worry about Chinese Uighur separatists establishing themselves on Afghan soil.The Russians are similarly worried about Islamist terrorist groups located in Afghanistan and so will not stand in the way of a small long-term U.S. military presence in Afghanistan as that would dovetail with their own security concerns about the country . Keeping a relatively small , predominantly U.S. Special Forces , presence in Afghanistan to continue to train the Afghan army past December 2016 is a wise policy that would benefit both Afghans and Americans . Both the Democratic and Republican parties should adopt such a plan in their platforms as they gear up for the 2016 campaign .	Peter Bergen says it would be a serious mistake to pull all U.S. forces from Afghanistan It would invite the kind of chaos we 've seen in Iraq with the rise of ISIS
CNN  -- Florida Lt. Gov. Jennifer Carroll has resigned , it was announced Wednesday , the day after she answered questions from investigators about her role in an allegedly corrupt veterans ' charity . The resignation came the same day 57 people connected to the charity , Allied Veterans of the World , were arrested on racketeering and money laundering charges . Leaders in the company , which operates Internet gambling parlors , are accused of donating little of its proceeds to veterans , and instead buying luxury goods for themselves . "  I want any funds from these groups to immediately be given to charity . I have zero tolerance for this kind of criminal activity , period , " Gov. Rick Scott said Wednesday . In a two-sentence resignation letter delivered to Scott , Carroll said it was an "  honor to have served . " She consulted for Allied Veterans , but was not among those arrested Wednesday . "  Carroll consulted for this company in 2009 and 2010 when she was serving in the Florida House of Representatives , " Scott said at the press conference . "  The Florida Department of Law Enforcement interviewed Lt. Gov. Carroll about her work for this company , and yesterday Lt. Gov. Carroll resigned in an effort to keep her affiliation with the company from distracting our efforts to help make sure we do the right thing for Florida families . " Scott said he would n't elaborate on any potential connection between Carroll and Allied Veterans of the World , but did say he appreciated "  the efforts she made on behalf of the state of Florida . She was tireless . She put a lot of effort into military and getting jobs going and I am grateful for her service . " Carroll , a Republican , assumed office in January 2011 , having been elected with Scott in 2010 . She was the first African-American elected to Florida statewide office , according to her official biography . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Carroll was questioned about her work with Allied Veterans of the World 57 people were arrested for alleged racketeering in connection with the company Carroll was the first African-American elected to Florida statewide office
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen 's prime minister , Ali Mujawar , on Monday defended his government , saying there is no reason Egypt-style protests should take off in the country . "  Yemen is not Tunisia or Egypt , " he said . "  Yemen has its own different situation ... Yemen is a democratic country . Through all the stages , elections took place . And therefore this is a democratic regime . " He accused opposition parties of "  trying to duplicate what happened in Tunisia and Egypt , and act as if it should be imposed on the people here in Yemen . " Last Thursday , thousands of anti-government demonstrators gathered near Sanaa University in Yemen 's capital . People of all ages chanted and held signs with messages against poverty and the government . Many not only expressed solidarity with the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt but also demanded that Yemen 's president , Ali Abdullah Saleh , who has been in office for 32 years , needed to step down . While the protests in recent weeks in Yemen have been on a smaller scale than in Tunisia and Egypt , analysts say that Yemeni protesters are seeking many of the same things -- particularly a government that they feel represents them and that will provide them with more economic opportunities . President Saleh recently announced that he would not seek re-election in 2013 , after more than three decades in office , and wo n't install his son to replace him . He also has asked his political opponents "  to re-engage in dialogue in hopes of reaching a sustainable and reconcilable political agreement , " the Yemeni government said . Prime Minister Mujawar said that if the opposition responds negatively to the president 's initiative , "  democratic life in Yemen will continue because it does not rely only on the opposition of ` joint meeting parties . ' We have the people of Yemen who want to see the implementation of their constitutional entitlements through parliamentary elections . " Asked whether political turmoil in Yemen could benefit al Qaeda , Mujawar responded , "  Absolutely -- everything is possible . Those extremists who are in Yemen found a suitable environment where there is poverty and unemployment . "  By the way , they also take advantage of Yemen 's terrain , which is complex and difficult -- it is mountainous and has widespread desert areas , " he added . "  They are now spread in rural areas and therefore , the size of their attacks are not frequent and they happen at specific times in the cities . "	Yemen saw a large anti-government demonstration last week "  Yemen is not Tunisia or Egypt , " says the prime minister Analysts : Yemeni protesters seek many of the same things as other demonstrators President Saleh , in office 32 years , recently announced he wo n't seek re-election
State College , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- This was n't how Penn State football coach Bill O'Brien hoped things would start . He rushed off the field in disappointment after his Nittany Lions lost 24-14 to Ohio University . But judging by the scene around him , you would n't have known it . As the two teams knelt in prayer at the end of the game , many of the more than 97,000 faithful fans in attendance proudly sang the school 's alma mater . Forging a new meaning for the rally cry ` We Are ... Penn State ' In the student section at one end zone , students , many of whom had camped out for first-row seats since Wednesday night , stood shoulder to shoulder with their arms around each other as they belted out the words . "  For the glory of old State , for her founders strong and great , for the future that we wait , raise the song , raise the song . " One woman wiped tears from her eyes , smearing the blue paint that covered her face . "  I 'm not crying because we lost , " freshman Kelly Jordan said . "  I mean , I was really hoping we could show everyone that they were wrong about us . But how can you not be proud of what happened here today ? This is who we are -- united . I 'm proud of what those guys did on the field . They had a tall mountain to climb , but just could n't get all the way there . " Penn State scandal : Where things stand The team had the full support of alumni from near and far and the boisterous cheers from the student section . They led into the third quarter and gassed out , losing 24-14 . It was a disappointing outcome for the team , though there were many things stacked against them from the start . In the wake of the child sex abuse scandal that rocked campus and saw former coach Jerry Sandusky convicted of abusing 10 boys over 15 years , the football program was rocked . NCAA sanctions that included a post-season ban led to many of their key starters transferring . Legendary coach Joe Paterno was fired , and the team had to rebuild from scratch . When the hero falls off the pedestal And in the third quarter it showed . Costly errors , missed tackles and fumbled passes got the best of them . But O'Brien put the blame entirely on himself , falling on the sword in a press conference after the game . "  I think we all got ta coach better and that starts with me , " he told a packed room of reporters . "  I got ta coach a lot better . " While he may be right and there are still kinks to work out , the scoreboard at the end of the game told only part of the story . Complete coverage of Penn State Fans had turned out in the thousands more than four hours before kickoff to show the new coach they supported him . "  It means more than anything . It means so much to be a part of this rebuilding process , " freshman Avi Kallmeyer said as he prepared to take his seat in the first row of the student section . "  We 're still here , and we 're not going anywhere . " Many held up signs proclaiming ` We Stand With You " as blue buses pulled up with the players and coaches . It 's a longtime tradition at Penn State . The crowds roared for nearly five minutes , long after the players had already entered the tunnel into the stadium . The game was the culmination of a long week of pep rallies of sorts -- both official and unofficial . On Friday night the school held its Football Eve pep rally to get students and alums pumped about the new season . After nine months of clouds hanging over them they were ready to get the season -- and in many ways the healing -- started . They were thankful . They were excited . They knew that together they have something to prove to the world . And they were ready to take the first major step toward writing a new chapter for the storied football team . The same could be said about the crowd Saturday afternoon , even after losing to a team in a mid-major conference for the first time in a home opener since the 1960s . While there were looks of disappointment , the overall enthusiasm did not waver even ask the clock ticked down with Ohio in the lead . Chants of "  We Are Penn State ! " and "  Bill O'Brien ! " rocked the stadium . Penn State 's student section , known for being one of the most passionate in the nation , stood the entire game cheering the team on until the very last moment . That passion , and more importantly , the support was not lost on O'Brien . And although he appeared stoic during the press conference , he made sure to acknowledge how much it meant to him . "  I thought it was a great atmosphere , " he said . "  I think it was a good crowd and just want them to keep coming and support the football team . And we really appreciate the support of the fans . " As they exited the stadium , many of them said it was a good game and a good start for the team and pledged to be there for them as they seek to get stronger , become more cohesive and move toward even more important games . Shortly before the game Susan Lamey stood outside the stadium in glasses with the paws of the Nittany Lion on her face . She 's put them on for 18 seasons ' worth of home games , most of them victories that were vacated as part of NCAA sanctions against the school . None of that -- and nothing that follows -- will change that , she says . "  We 've been here for 50 years and it 's been a lot of changes , and we have been hurt by many , many things . But no matter what , we will always be here for this football team . And we will be here for Bill O'Brien -- win , lose or draw . We 're here for the long haul . " That 's exactly the kind of support O'Brien hopes he can count on and may need as the team looks forward to a tougher schedule . And while there 's many uncertainties that lie ahead for him and the team , the fans in Happy Valley seem determined to help deliver all the support they can give .	Penn State loses season opener to Ohio University Fans come from near and far to cheer on Penn State 's new coach and team Students and alumni in blue and white came out in force Friday night -- 20,000 strong
CNN  -- Officials believe the "  main battle " is about to begin in the Syrian city of Aleppo , the U.N. peacekeeping chief said Thursday . "  The focus is now on Aleppo , where there has been a considerable buildup of military means , and where we have reason to believe that the main battle is about to start , " said Herve Ladsous , the United Nations under-secretary-general for peacekeeping operations . Ladsous spoke to reporters and briefed the U.N. Security Council Thursday , hours after Syrian rebels battered a military base near Aleppo as the battle for the nation 's most populous city raged . Rebels used tanks seized in previous clashes with government troops to pound the Menagh military airport , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The base is north of Aleppo , Syria 's commercial capital . The main military airfield in the region is southeast of the city . The government-run Syrian Arab News Agency said authorities were "  killing or wounding dozens of terrorists " in the countryside outside Aleppo . Regime warplanes shelled the western and northern parts of the city , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Communication was spotty inside the besieged city . Cellular phone service was cut off , and power outages were reported in neighborhoods where there was heavy shelling , according to Deama , an activist there who asked that her full name not be used for her protection . Thursday 's fighting comes amid unsuccessful international diplomacy . Kofi Annan , who championed a six-point peace plan this year , said he has resigned as the U.N. and Arab League joint special envoy to Syria . While diplomats debate how to handle the situation , there has been stepped-up help for the emboldened rebel forces , dominated by military defectors who have streamed into the opposition 's arms for months . Obama authorized covert support for Syrian rebels , sources say Rebels are now equipped with heavy weaponry , including tanks , the United Nations said , a sign that the armed resistance to President Bashar al-Assad 's regime is gaining military potency . Government forces also used heavy weapons in the clashes . MiG-23 fighter jets struck rebels in an Aleppo village , said Capt. Ammar Al-Wawi of the Free Syrian Army . Syrian state TV said soldiers "  have been able to eliminate scores of terrorists and mercenaries " in Aleppo and claim to be sweeping through the city 's Salaheddine neighborhood and towns west of Aleppo . Shelling and clashes have raged across the city for days , prompting thousands to flee their homes . Both rebels and government forces are placing great importance on gaining control of the metropolis . But Aleppo was not the only hot spot in Thursday 's fighting . Anti-al-Assad fighters and government forces continued clashing across Syria . At least 130 people were killed throughout the country Thursday , including 50 in Damascus and its suburbs and seven in Aleppo province , the LCC said . The opposition activist network blamed government troops for an attack on a Palestinian refugee camp in southern Damascus that killed 15 people . More than 50 others were wounded due to heavy shelling in the area , the LCC said . Syrian state television said terrorists were behind the attack , adding that authorities were searching for those responsible . In an online video purporting to show the camp after the shelling , men ran past charred , bloodied bodies on the street . In the background , a woman screamed . Another video purportedly showing the camp later Thursday night showed protesters chanting "  the people want to bring down the regime . " CNN can not independently confirm reports of violence in Syria because the government has limited access by international journalists . Syria 's uprising : From rocks to RPGs The fighting has devastated the Syrian economy and left many people in dire straits . As many as 3 million Syrians will need food in the next 12 months as farmers in the conflict-ravaged nation lose assets and livestock , the United Nations said in a report Thursday . The Syrian agricultural sector has suffered $ 1.8 billion in losses this year , including crops , livestock and irrigation systems , according to the report . "  While the economic implications of these losses are quite grave , the humanitarian implications are far more pressing , " said Muhannad Hadi , the World Food Programme representative in Syria . The Syrian crisis started when al-Assad 's security forces launched a violent crackdown on peaceful protests in March 2011 . That clampdown spurred a nationwide uprising as armed rebels , including military defectors and other fighters , battled under the Free Syrian Army . The conflict has claimed roughly 17,000 lives , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week . Opposition activists put the toll at more than 20,000 . A key question remains : whether United Nations observers will remain in Syria . The group 's mandate is set to expire on August 19 . The 150 military observers and 80 civilians remaining in Syria conducted more than 50 patrols over the past few weeks , according to Ladsous , the United Nations ' peacekeeping chief . "  They report , they inform us . And they try -- wherever it 's possible -- to mediate , to arrange local ceasefires , humanitarian pauses to allow civilian populations to withdraw from shelling areas , " he said . Meanwhile , U.N. Security Council President Gerard Araud suggested that the council should consider shifting its attentions toward humanitarian problems in Syria . "  The divisions in the council are very deep . I think its irreconcilable in political terms , " he said . "  Maybe we should work on  the  humanitarian situation , which is becoming disastrous . At least the Security Council would be useful , " Araud added . On Wednesday , U.S. officials said President Barack Obama had signed a covert directive authorizing U.S. support for Syrian rebels . The secret order , referred to as an intelligence "  finding , " allows for clandestine support by the CIA and other agencies . Syrian state TV said Obama signed "  secret documents " to "  support terrorists . " The Obama administration had said it would step up its assistance to the opposition after last month 's failure by the U.N. Security Council to agree on tougher sanctions against the al-Assad regime , but exactly what type of support the finding authorizes was unclear . The Obama administration has ruled out arming the rebels for now , providing only nonlethal assistance , such as communications equipment . Complete coverage on the unrest in Syria CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Salma Abdelaziz , Mohammed Jamjoom , Elise Labott , Faith Karimi , Joe Sterling , Hamdi Alkhshali , Ivan Watson , Brian Walker and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The focus is now on Aleppo , " UN peacekeeping chief says Rebels , government trade accusations over a refugee camp attack At least 130 people have been killed Thursday , opposition says Kofi Annan leaving position as special envoy
Achilles ' heel was his weak spot in the Greek myth , but the heel of a newly discovered primate provides a strong connection between humans and their possible ancestors . Scientists have discovered the oldest primate skeleton to date , from a creature that resembles humans ' evolutionary line -- the anthropoids -- and a different primate lineage called the tarsiers . They have named this specimen Archicebus achilles , making reference to its heel bone , which resembles those of modern monkeys . Anthropoids include humans , apes and monkeys . Tarsiers are nocturnal primates that live only in Southeast Asia today . The study is published in the journal Nature . "  For the first time , it really shines a light on an important phase of primate and human evolution that we just had very little information about before , " said K. Christopher Beard , paleontologist at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History and senior author of the study . The specimen 's completeness , age and position in the primate family tree make it special , said Erik Seiffert , associate professor at Stony Brook University , who was not involved in the study . Giant extinct lizard named for Jim Morrison "  In my opinion , it is one of the most important discoveries in the history of paleoprimatology , " Seiffert said in an e-mail . While fragments of other ancient primates have been found in the past , this skeleton -- about 55 million years old -- is by far the most complete example of a primate from this period , Beard said . Archicebus achilles represents a never-before-seen link between the anthropoids and the tarsiers , Beard said , but he expects the creature 's exact position on the evolutionary tree to be quite controversial . Some of its features suggest to his group that it is slightly more closely related to tarsiers than to anthropoids , but other scientists may reach different conclusions . Still , he said , it seems to be clearly related to both groups . "  Archicebus  achilles  gives us our first really detailed look at a species that branched off right near the base of the primate family tree -- when anthropoids , tarsiers , and lemurs had just started out on their separate evolutionary pathways , " Seiffert said . This creature was tiny -- only 2.8 inches long -- and weighed no more than 1 ounce , making it between the size of a shrew and a mouse . Will mammoths be brought back to life ? Liquid blood fuels cloning hopes Scientists find the small size fascinating because until about a decade ago , researchers believed that anthropoids needed to be a lot bigger , Beard said . But there are counterexamples , even today : The pygmy mouse lemur , found in Madagascar , weighs only about an ounce as well . A creature so tiny must have been "  active and frenetic , " Beard said . Shrews , for instance , act anxious because they are always looking for their next meal , since they need a lot of food for their high metabolic rate . Archicebus achilles , being small , probably also had a high metabolism , and likely ate high-calorie foods such as insects and very ripe fruits with lots of sugar content . "  When you 're that small , you ca n't afford to eat salad , " Beard said . "  You ca n't ingest enough calories rapidly enough to keep your body going . " Unlike modern tarsiers , Archicebus achilles was active during the day . Tarsiers also tend to have eyeballs that are the same volume as their brains , whereas this ancient creature had relatively small eye sockets compared to its face -- an attribute of monkeys . Triceratops trio unearthed in Wyoming The creature 's foot made a big impression on Beard because of how much it resembles the feet of modern-day marmosets . Its features are much more like those of a monkey than a tarsier . On the other hand , other features -- the hip , knee , elbow and pelvis -- more closely resemble a tarsier . Paleontologists ca n't say that this specific creature is the ancestor of humans and tarsiers , but this is the best approximation so far of something resembling a hypothetical common ancestor , he said . Archicebus achilles was discovered in an ancient lake in Hubei province , China , at a site called the lower Eocene Yangxi Formation , in the Jingzhou area . The scientists plan on going back and looking for more , but it 's hard work . They were lucky to have found this creature , Beard said . It must have died near the lake and then its carcass was swept into the lake , perhaps by a stream . The body settled at the bottom , covered up by mud which then hardened . For researchers digging at this site , ancient fish fossils are far more likely to turn up than primates , "  which is cool -- fossil fish are cool . I like fossil fish , but I 'm not an expert on fossil fish , " Beard added . But if you 're looking for ancient mammals at this site , "  you have to have an incredible amount of patience because it 's probably going to be years before you find something that 's really , really exciting . But when you do , you hit the jackpot . " More space and science news from CNN Light Years Follow @CNNLightYears on Twitter	Scientists have discovered ancient primate Archicebus achilles Its name highlights its unusually modern foot The skeleton has a mixture of features of anthropoids and tarsiers
CNN Student News  -- March 19 , 2014 Russia 's president signs a treaty to annex Crimea . On today 's show , we 'll tell you why , and we 'll report on how some members of the international community are responding . We also cover challenges facing General Motors , a theory that 's making waves among some scientists , and reasons behind the madness of March . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Is promoting consumer safety a responsibility of the news media ? If not , why not ? If so , how can the media do this ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Medal of Honor 2 . General Motors 3 . galaxy Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What action did Russian President Vladimir Putin take yesterday regarding Crimea ? How have the United States and the European Union responded to this action ? 2 . How many veterans were awarded the Medal of Honor yesterday ? In what wars did these individuals serve ? Why were some awarded the medals so long after their service ? What did President Obama say about their courage ? 3 . Who is Mary Barra ? What huge challenge is she facing as the leader of her company ? According to the video : How might her "  insider status " be a liability in this situation ? What do crisis management experts suggest she do ? Why might this advice be difficult to follow ? 4 . What do some researchers say they have discovered regarding the Big Bang theory ? How did they get this information ? What critical responses have there been regarding this announcement ? 5 . What sports event is known as "  March Madness " ? How many teams qualify for the tournament ? According to the video , what impact does March Madness have on business productivity in the U.S. ? Why ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What impact do you think that stories of bravery in wartime have on an audience ? How might the stories of heroes who faced discrimination demonstrate additional lessons in character ? 2 . In your opinion , what course of action should Mary Barra take in the wake of General Motors ' car recall ? Why do you think that public perception of a company is important ? How can public perception have a financial impact on a business ? 3 . What is your opinion of the Big Bang theory ? What is the rationale for your view ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Progressive Catholic groups vented outrage Friday over the decision of a Roman Catholic school in Massachusetts to rescind the admission of an 8-year-old student because his parents are lesbians . "  The idea that a child might be punished because he does not live with his two biologic parents is antithetical to notions of Christian charity and Catholic social justice , " said Patrick Whelan , president of Catholic Democrats , in a statement Friday . Other liberal Catholic and gay groups issued similar statements Friday , responding to news reports this week that a child accepted to St. Paul Elementary School in Hingham , Massachusetts , for the fall was told he could n't enroll after the school learned that his parents are gay . In addition to pressuring the Massachusetts school to reverse its decision and accept the student , progressive Catholic activists are attempting to do something much more dramatic : get the Archdiocese of Boston , which includes the Hingham school , to set a precedent for how the American church treats students with gay parents . In March , the Archdiocese of Denver , Colorado , supported a decision by a Catholic school in Boulder to block two students with gay parents from re-enrolling . While the Denver archbishop who backed that decision , Charles J. Chaput , may be the most outspokenly conservative bishop in the nation , progressive Catholics think they can get more moderate Boston Cardinal Sean O'Malley to speak against Catholic schools rejecting students over their parents ' sexual orientation . "  I 'm very disappointed in Chaput 's actions , but he has a history of politicizing issues , " said Chris Korzen , executive director of the progressive Catholics United , which has asked O'Malley to intervene in the Hingham case and to allow the child to attend St. Paul . "  Cardinal O'Malley understands that there 's a place to assert church teachings but that it does n't make sense to discriminate against a child because of his parents ' background , " Korzen said . Korzen and other left-leaning Catholics said they were concerned that the Hingham school was following the example of the Denver Archdiocese in the Boulder case . "  While the relationship between the events in Boulder and Hingham -LSB- is -RSB- not known , Catholic Democrats is concerned that a narrative will develop that legitimizes the exclusion of children of same sex parents from Catholic schools , " the group Catholic Democrats , which is based in Boston , said Friday . Conservative Catholic groups , meanwhile , have been mostly silent on the matter . "  I do n't really have a strong opinion on this one , " said Deal Hudson , a prominent conservative Catholic activist , in an e-mail on Friday . "  It 's a matter of the individual bishop 's discretion . " O'Malley has not publicly weighed in on the case , but the Boston Archdiocese said Thursday that the Hingham school was not acting in compliance with archdiocesan policy . "  The archdiocese does not prohibit children of same-sex parents from attending Catholic schools , " said Mary Grassa O'Neill , the archdiocese 's secretary for education and superintendent of Catholic schools . "  We will work in the coming weeks to develop a policy to eliminate any misunderstandings in the future . " O'Neill said that the Boston Archdiocese met with one of the child 's parents on Thursday and that it has offered to help enroll him in another Catholic school in the archdiocese . The parents of the St. Paul student have insisted on anonymity for them and their son in press reports of the situation . The Catholic Schools Foundation , a Boston-based group whose board is chaired by O'Malley , said Thursday that it would not support schools that discriminated against students based on their parents ' sexual orientation . ` " -LSB- N -RSB- o school that promotes an exclusionary admissions policy or practice will be considered for support , " said the foundation 's executive director , Michael Reardon , in a Thursday letter to school administrators . "  We believe a policy or practice that denies admissions to students in such a manner as occurred at St. Paul 's is at odds with our values as a foundation , the intentions of our donors , and ultimately with Gospel teaching . " Calls to St. Paul Elementary School and church on Friday night were not returned .	Massachusetts school rescinds admission of student because parents are lesbians Denver Catholic school recently made similar decision Progressive Catholic groups say they have better chance with fight in Boston
CNN -- South Korea midfielder Park Ji-Sung has made history by becoming the first player from his homeland to figure in the Champions League final , Europe 's premier club match . Park 's opening goal in the semifinal second leg against Arsenal set the tone for United 's return to the final . However , his starting role in the match wo n't be one he 'll remember with great fondness . His Manchester United side were outplayed as they lost 2-0 to Spanish side FC Barcelona . Profile : Park Ji-Sung Still , the loss ca n't take away from what was a great season for the South Korean . Park was a key player for United throughout their European campaign this season , even scoring in his side 's 3-0 second-leg win over Arsenal which sealed their passage to the final . Last year Park was a star player in the Red Devil 's semifinal second-leg defeat of Barcelona before Alex Ferguson left him out of his entire squad for the final in Moscow against Chelsea . Park Ji-Sung speaks to CNN " It is a memory that Park told CNN he was keen to banish : "  It would be amazing to me  to play  as I missed out last season . I believed I would get there again but never thought it would be so soon . Hopefully , this time I will be there . " Park attracts large audiences in South Korea where there is a large fan base for the club , a fact that has prompted Manchester United to travel to the capital Seoul in July as part of a close-season tour . "  It 's not just in Korea that people will be watching  this game  . It 's the world 's best match , and everybody wants to watch , " Park said . Park started last night 's match on the right-hand side , but did n't make his most impressive performance of the year . He did look more comfortable after switching to the left in the second half .	Ji-Sung Park could become the first South Korean to play in the final Park was dropped from the entire squad for last year 's final Manchester United will travel to Seoul for close-season tour Park moved to United from Dutch side PSV Eindhoven
Washington  CNN  Even when then-New York Gov. Mario Cuomo was n't running for president in 1992 , his presence loomed large over every Democrat in the race . Just ask Bill Clinton . "  For more than two months after I announced , the campaign was shadowed by the specter that there might be yet another candidate , " Clinton wrote about Cuomo possibly entering the 1992 race in his 2004 memoir . "  Many people thought the nomination was his for the asking , and for a good while I thought he would ask . " Cuomo , who died Thursday at the age of 82 , shared a complicated , yet mutually beneficial , relationship with Bill Clinton for much of his life . Though the two sparred early in their careers , they developed a professional relationship that benefited both political families , two of the largest names in both New York state politics and the modern day Democratic party . Bill and Hillary Clinton , in a statement early Friday morning , remembered their "  friend " Cuomo as "  a sterling orator and a passionate public servant " whose life "  was the very embodiment of the American dream . " RELATED : Former New York Gov. Mario Cuomo dies at 82 ; we 've ` lost a giant ' Back in the early 90s , Cuomo was widely seen as Democrats ' best chance to unseat incumbent President George H.W. Bush . Clinton , obviously , saw things differently , leading to a very clear rift between the two leaders . Both served as governors in the 80s  Cuomo in New York and Clinton in Arkansas  , but that is where most political similarities ended . Cuomo was far more liberal and publicly took shots at Clinton 's welfare reform proposals and his connection with the moderate Democratic Leadership Council . The curtness was not one sided , though . When Gennifer Flowers , on a private call with Clinton , said she would not be surprised if Cuomo "  did n't have some Mafioso major connections , " Clinton simply responded , "  Well , he acts like one . " The Arkansas governor would go on to apologize for the remark . "  I fumed in private and said some things about Mario I regret , " Clinton wrote in his memoir . "  I think I was so stung by his criticism because I had always admired him . " But Clinton also owed Cuomo . When the New York governor opted not to run for president in 1992 , Clinton 's pathway opened up . "  On the day Mario Cuomo decided not to run for President , the sigh of relief we Clintonites let out was audible from Little Rock all the way to Albany , " said Paul Begala after Cuomo 's death . At the time he dropped out , polls showed Cuomo up more than 20 points on other Democrats , including Clinton . According to Sandy Berger , a longtime Clinton confidant , Clinton was n't daunted , though . "  Clinton was disappointed because he was absolutely convinced that he would have beaten Cuomo in the primaries , " Berger said in an oral history interview for the Miller Center at the University of Virginia . "  He was n't afraid of Cuomo coming in . He wanted Cuomo to come in . He thought he could beat Cuomo . " RELATED : Obama on death of Mario Cuomo : He was a ` determined champion of progressive values ' The Clinton-Cuomo relationship never grew into personal closeness , but it did heal from its early 90s low point . Before the New York primary in 1992 , Cuomo said Clinton would make a "  superb president . " And during the Democratic National Convention in New York that year , Cuomo heralded Clinton , telling the adoring audience that "  It 's time for someone smart enough to know ; strong enough to do ; sure enough to lead . " Cuomo even served as a surrogate for Clinton during debates against Bush . Cuomo was a semi-regular presence in the White House , too . After Bill Clinton asked Hillary Clinton to lead his White House 's controversial healthcare push , Cuomo jokingly asked , "  What did you do to make your husband so mad at you , " according to the first lady 's memoir . The relationship improved so much that Clinton , according to his aides at the time , came within minutes of nominating Cuomo to the Supreme Court in 1993 . "  We tried to get Cuomo to accept the Supreme Court , " Bernard Nussbaum , the then-White House counsel , told the Miller Center . "  He would n't return calls for two or three days . Finally , he did call and told the President he was too busy in Albany . He had some budget -- it was crazy , but he turned it down . " Clinton , during a speech in 2012 , said Cuomo was "  the first man in the history of this country to turn down a position on the Supreme Court , and it 's because he was dedicated to New York . " The complicated nature of the Clinton-Cuomo relationship has not been restricted to the patriarchs of both families , either . Hillary Clinton is widely seen as the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination in 2016 , but Mario Cuomo 's son Andrew , who won a second term as New York 's governor in 2014 , is considered one Democrat that could challenge the former first lady . RELATED : Cuomo calls for ` respect ' between police , community Bill Clinton arguably gave Andrew Cuomo his biggest political break when the president appointed him Secretary of Housing and Urban Development in 1997 . Hillary Clinton endorsed Cuomo 's 2014 campaign , calling the governor "  the right leader at the right time with the right plan " who "  has worked tirelessly , he has given it his all to make a difference in Albany -- no small feat . " And though Cuomo did n't endorse Clinton 's possible run -- because she is not yet a candidate -- the governor was effusive in his praise of the former secretary of state . "  Whatever she does , she 's gon na be an overwhelming success , " he told the audience in New York . "  I hope she does something really , really , really big . " RELATED : Hillary Clinton 's point of no return	The two governors sparred early in the careers and came from different sides of the party Cuomo and Clinton mended fences , and Clinton considered Cuomo for a Supreme Court spot Hillary Clinton and Andrew Cuomo are both considered possible presidential candidates
CNN  -- An array of explosives , from shells to barrel bombs , fell on Syrian cities in another day of bloodshed Thursday , according to activists fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad . The Local Coordination Committees accused the government of using "  vacuum bombs . " Also known as thermobaric explosives , they are effective at spreading destruction through urban areas , according to military experts . The LCC also repeated claims that the government used cluster bombs . U.S. identifying ` primarily political ' leaders for possible role in Syria oppositon Damascus has not commented on the accusations . CNN can not independently confirm the claims because the Syrian government has limited access to international journalists . At least 149 people died Thursday , according to the LCC , 53 of them in Damascus and its suburbs . The reports follow a week of grim tolls , including 121 reported dead Wednesday and 163 on Tuesday . More than 32,000 people have died in the 19-month-old Syrian conflict , according to the Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria , an opposition group that tracks fatalities . International diplomacy appeared to remain stagnant Thursday as Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov repeated Moscow 's complaint that Syria 's oppositional factions offer no centralized leadership to negotiate with . "  There is no person who could speak on behalf of the Syrian opposition , and there will be no progress without negotiation , " Lavrov said , according to the state-run Itar-Tass news agency . The U.N. and Arab League envoy for Syria , Lakhdar Brahimi , attempted a cease-fire this week , but it never took hold . Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help Opposition groups reported the sound of shells and explosive barrels thundering across Damascus on Thursday . In the suburbs , gunfire mixed with shelling as the opposition Free Syrian Army battled government forces , according to the LCC . The group also reported explosions and shelling in Daraa , Deir Ezzor and Idlib , where it said cluster bombs were used . Helicopters dropped more than eight barrel bombs on villages in Lattakia , the LCC said . Reports by a second opposition group , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , corroborated shelling in and around Damascus and in Idlib . The group said more than 30 members of regime forces had been killed in clashes with rebel fighters . The LCC said most of the 19 people killed in Hama on Thursday were kidnapped from the Kazo neighborhood and executed by Shabiha , gangs loyal to the regime . Syria 's state-run news agency , SANA , said a number of "  terrorists , " including non-Syrian citizens , had been killed in clashes with government forces in the Damascus suburbs . Others were killed in clashes with government forces in Deir Ezzor , the news agency said . The Syrian government has consistently referred to anti-government forces as terrorists . China urges ` political resolution ' to Syria crisis	NEW : Death toll rises to 149 , opposition activists say , after days of grim tolls State media : Government forces killed "  terrorists " in Deir Ezzor and outside Damascus The opposition says the government is using vacuum and cluster bombs Shells and bombs are thundering in and around Damascus , the opposition says
Organizational confusion , gaps in training , a series of communication failures and more allowed Omar Gonzalez to jump a fence and enter the White House in a September incident that led to the Secret Service director 's resignation . The Department of Homeland Security published an in-depth review of the failures that allowed Gonzalez to run past several agents and burst into the first family 's residence . Deputy Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas ' findings were made public Thursday after lawmakers were briefed on its findings . The report details alarm and radio systems that did n't work as planned , a chase foiled when Gonzalez disappeared into the bushes , and an officer who was supposed to release canines trained to take down intruders who reacted 11 seconds late because he was in a van talking on his personal cell phone , without his radio earpiece in place and with his second radio in his locker . The canine officer "  gave Gonzalez the required verbal warning about the canine , caught a glimpse of Gonzalez heading toward the bushes , and gave his canine the command to apprehend Gonzalez , " the review said . "  The canine , however , did not have enough time to lock onto Gonzalez and may not have seen Gonzalez at all , " it said . The review offered a particularly grim look at the Secret Service 's communications systems , which it said prevented some officers from being notified that a man had jumped the White House 's fence . "  A combination of technical missteps , lack of radio discipline , improper use of equipment and aging infrastructure , " as well as an improper setting on the Secret Service 's radio system , contributed to those problems , it said . The officers who activated the Secret Service 's emergency communication system did n't provide the necessary details of the incident over that system -- and even if they had , some key posts had muted their receivers . The review also pointed to time cut from the understaffed Secret Service 's training programs , saying officers had n't received instruction on how to handle intruders who did n't appear to be armed . Officials : Fence jumper made it into East Room of White House An executive summary of the review was published Thursday evening by Democratic members of the House Homeland Security Committee . A White House official confirmed that the review of the incident is complete . Rep. Bennie Thompson , a Mississippi Democrat , said the report shows the Secret Service was "  significantly hampered " by "  critical and major failures in communications , confusion about operation protocols , and gaps in staffing and training . " "  While some of these problems can be attributed to a lack of resources , others are systemic and indicative of Secret Service culture , " Thompson said . The incident led to the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson . Her interim replacement , Joe Clancy , was seen having breakfast with agents , including the special agent in charge of President Barack Obama 's protective detail , on Thursday morning . The bulk of the review of the September 19 incident focuses on the period after 7:19 p.m. , when Gonzalez climbed the fence at a spot where an ornamental spike was missing , ignored the instructions of two officers outside the fence on Pennsylvania Avenue to stop and ran onto the White House 's North Lawn . Two more officers pointed their rifles at Gonzalez but chose not to fire , because they believed he was n't armed . Then they lost him in the bushes on the White House 's North Portico . The officers said they were "  surprised that Gonzalez was able to get through the bushes ; prior to that evening , the officers believed the bushes too thick to be passable . " The canine officer , meanwhile , missed the radio alerts . Official : Secret Service twice interviewed , released Gonzalez An officer parked behind the canine officer could n't see past the 6 - to 8-foot tall bushes and trees on the north grounds . "  By the time the officer exited his vehicle and began yelling commands at Gonzalez , Gonzalez had nearly arrived at the bushes , " the review said . "  The officer was unable to reach Gonzalez before he entered the bushes and , as a result , went around the bushes toward the North Portico only to find that Gonzalez had already entered the White House . " The officer posted outside the North Portico doors of the White House heard "  unintelligible traffic over the radio " and "  pointed his weapon at Gonzalez , put his finger on the trigger , and ordered him to get down . " "  Gonzalez did not obey , but the officer did not see any indication that Gonzalez was armed or presented a threat warranting the use of lethal force , " the review said . "  The officer saw that the wooden mansion doors were closed and assumed that they were locked and that Gonzalez would be cornered between him " and other officers and canines . The doors were n't locked . The officer stationed behind those doors was knocked backward when Gonzalez burst through as she was trying to lock them . She tried twice to take Gonzalez down but failed "  because of the size disparity between the two . " She tried to use her baton , but accidentally grabbed her flashlight instead . She threw it down , grabbed her gun and continued to order Gonzalez to stop , as he ignored her and briefly entered the East Room . That 's when an officer inside the White House and down the hall "  managed to bring Gonzalez to the ground in the center hallway . " Two agents who had just finished their shifts ran to help , and together they pinned down and handcuffed Gonzalez .	Fence-jumping incident prompts Homeland Security review It finds Secret Service alarm and radio systems did n't work as planned Canine agent was slowed because he was on his cell phone , review says
CNN  -- Actor Matthew Lewis , who spent the last 10 years portraying Neville Longbottom , the awkward , nerdy pal to the trio of students at the center of the Harry Potter films , is moving on . As the last of eight films based on the books by J.K. Rowling hits movie screens across America , Lewis spoke with CNN about his journey as Neville and how it has not just affected him , but prepared him for a career as an actor . CNN : Neville Longbottom starts out as a pretty psychologically wounded character , and you have been able to portray his journey of personal growth . Most people pay a lot of money to psychologists to make a journey like that . What life lessons have you learned from Neville ? Lewis : Oh wow . the great thing about Neville -- what message he conveys that J.K. Rowling wrote for him -- was that you can have any kind of disadvantage at the start of your life and it does n't define you . You can still go on to be whoever you want to be . As long as you have friends around you and you have a belief in doing the right thing , you can go on to be a hero . It does n't matter what humble beginnings you came from . I think that 's really inspiring . I think that 's a really nice life lesson . CNN : What do you think fans like best about Neville ? What do they identify with ? Lewis : It 's really the underdog success story of it all . Everybody loves an underdog , but crucially , it 's the message that a lot of people can have a pretty lousy time at school . A lot of people struggle in their younger years and I think people can relate to that . And Neville shows that 's not the be all end all . You can still go on to do great things in your life . What I 've gathered from fan mail and meeting people is that that 's quite inspiring , and it helps some people get over bullying at school or whatever difficult problems they 're having in life . As an actor , that 's the loveliest thing in the world to think that something you 're doing , what your job is , is inspiring people . CNN : Is there a difference between U.K. and U.S. fans ' reaction to Neville ? Lewis : You know , it 's a very similar reaction only it 's different in terms of -- how do you explain it ? -- I guess Americans tend to be quite a lot louder . But the responses are the same with varying degrees of excitement . CNN : A lot of people are probably surprised by the man you grew into . Your nerdy look in the films , even your slightly crooked teeth , were very endearing to fans , and you look quite different now . What has coming out the other end of Harry Potter been like for you personally and professionally ? Lewis : Well , it 's a really exciting time to be honest with you . When the films finished I obviously had a degree of sadness about it all coming to an end . Having done something that you 've loved so much for such a long time , it 's obviously going to be sad when it comes to an end . But it 's also an exciting time because for the first time in a decade , I do n't know what 's coming next . And really , it 's the opportunity now for me to show that I 'm not just Neville Longbottom , there is more that I can do , and I really just want to sort of push myself . It 's a transitional period at the moment , and we 'll have to see what happens next . CNN : Do you like the fantasy genre as an actor , or is there a different genre that inspires you ? Lewis : Genre is not something I particularly look at . I just want to be an actor -- in theater , on television , in film . I love the idea of being able to become somebody else , and it 's like being a child and never having to grow up . I can dress up in fancy dress and play make believe as a job and people pay me to do that . It 's fantastic . I never have to get old . But I would love to do something grittier . I 'd love to do sort of a war picture or a gangster film or something much more real life . But I ca n't begrudge the fantasy genre . I 'm a huge fan of "  Lord of the Rings , " "  Harry Potter " and "  Star Wars , " science fiction , that kind of stuff . CNN : What 's your favorite memory from your total Harry Potter experience ? Lewis : I 've got two . One 's Harry Potter related and one 's definitely not , but it came about because of Harry Potter . The first one , the Harry Potter one , was my first week at work . It was in Annik Cathlin in Northumberland , England , and it was the broomstick lesson when Neville Longbottom gets on the broomstick and is flying around and crashing into walls . I just remember being so frightened of the whole process of being in this big , big film . And then I was told by Christopher Columbus that the first scene I would be doing was all about me and I would be working with the stunt team . It was very nerve-wracking , but he put me at ease and made me relax , and it ended up being the most fantastic week . I remember being very excited for the next six months or so . Little did I know that it would go on for another decade . And the other thing that I will never , ever forget is being able to meet Sir Paul McCartney , which definitely came about because of Harry Potter , and I 'll never forget that . He 's a personal hero of mine . What a fantastic night . CNN : Has J.K. Rowling let you know what she thinks of how you brought her character to life ? Lewis : Yes . And it 's obviously something I was really concerned about . J.K. Rowling is just the most incredible author , and I 've loved her stories since I was a boy of 9 years old . I was so focused on getting it exactly how she imagined it in her head . And a couple times I spoke to her at premiers and she came to the studio and said , you know , I 'm doing it right . It 's exactly how she wanted it . And as a compliment you ca n't get much better than that . To have J.K. Rowling say that , it was just the most amazing feeling . And she was so lovely . She mentioned it on the red carpet , as well , on -LSB- last -RSB- Thursday in London , and it 's a nice thing to hear . It 's great for the fans to love what we do , but for J.K. Rowling to enjoy it , too , it just means so much . CNN : What will you do now ? After a thrilling end to such a consequential pop culture event , many people might say , "  I 'm going to Disney World . " Where are you going ? Lewis : I 've been doing theater for the past six months in the U.K. Alan Rickman told me to do theater , he recommended theater , and so I did . And it was really a learning experience for me . I wanted to expand my ability , and I want to try and learn as much as possible and really add another string to my bow , if you like . I feel like I 've grown in confidence as a person and an actor in theater . It really is a foundation for all acting , whether in television or film . It really is where it all started . So I would not mind going back in the theater at all , but I 've got a couple of things that I 'm reading through at the minute . I 've got a meeting when I get back to London , as well , in a couple of weeks . I want to take what I 've learned in the theater and what I 've learned on Harry Potter in the last decade and really just take it to the next level . Forge out an acting career . And I 'm not focused on trying to better Harry Potter , I 'm not focused on trying to get a leading man role , I just want to act . I very much see myself as a jobbing actor who needs to work , and so I just keep looking to get back on the wagon and keep working .	Matthew Lewis takes inspiration from his character Neville Longbottom J.K. Rowling said he portrayed the Longbottom character just as she imagined him According to Lewis , American fans of Harry Potter are louder than U.K. fans
CNN  -- The whistleblower website WikiLeaks said Sunday that it was under cyber attack , preventing it from posting tens of thousands of classified U.S. diplomatic cables , it said via Twitter Sunday . Despite the glitch , five international news outlets which had obtained the documents ahead of time published details of the leaked documents on their websites . The announcement of the apparent attack came shortly after the United States warned WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange that publishing the papers would be illegal and would endanger peoples ' lives . The New York Times , The Guardian newspaper in England , and newspapers and magazines in three other European nations published portions of the new classified material on Sunday . The site , meanwhile , was experiencing a distributed denial of service  DDOS  attack , it said . That 's an effort to make a website unavailable to users , normally by flooding it with requests for data . As of 3 p.m. Sunday , the site was inaccessible . The U.S. State Department 's legal adviser said Saturday that if any materials in the posting of documents by the site were provided by government officials without proper authorization , "  they were provided in violation of U.S. law and without regard for the grave consequences of this action . " WikiLeaks indicated last week that it was preparing to release a new batch of previously classified U.S. military documents . "  Next release is 7x the size of the Iraq War Logs , " the group stated via Twitter Monday . "  Intense pressure over it for months . Keep us strong . " State Department Legal Adviser Harold Hongju Koh told Assange he was responding to a letter about the newest leak . Koh wrote that the department had spoken with representatives from The New York Times and The Guardian newspapers , and the German magazine Der Spiegel about 250,000 documents the whistleblower organization provided to them for publication . WikiLeaks said Sunday it had also given documents to El Pais in Spain and Le Monde in France . Koh described the distribution as the "  illegal dissemination of classified documents " and said it would "  place at risk the lives of countless individuals " -- criticisms that have been repeated by U.S. officials after past postings on the site . The information blitz from WikiLeaks is expected to offer a glimpse into the worldwide communications of the State Department and its 297 embassies , consulates and missions through what are commonly referred to as "  cables . " Koh wrote that releasing such documents could jeopardize relationships with allies , military actions and anti-terrorism operations . CNN has not had advanced access to the documents , unlike some media organizations , because the company declined to sign a confidentiality agreement with WikiLeaks . CNN Senior State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : The New York Times and four European media outlets post the documents WikiLeaks says it is under cyber attack , but documents already distributed The United States warns WikiLeaks the leak is illegal and may endanger lives
Britain 's Prince William , the Duke of Cambridge , is going back to work , taking on a new role as an air ambulance pilot . The duke will start training in September , a year after leaving the Royal Air Force , where he flew search and rescue helicopters . He will have his first air ambulance shift in spring 2015 . It 's the first time a royal who 's in direct line to the throne has taken a civilian job . The East Anglian Air Ambulance is operated by a private company , Bond Air Services , but the Duke will donate his salary to charity . He 'll be based near his country home on the Queen 's Sandringham Estate , which should allow him to remain a hands-on dad to his one-year-old heir Prince George . A palace spokesman said Prince William was "  hugely excited and motivated " by his new job . "  The Duke sees this as a true form of public service , helping people in their most difficult times , " the spokesman said . "  He regards his work with the RAF search and rescue force as having been an exceptional privilege and the Duke wanted to make his own contribution to the outstanding work of the air ambulance service . " The high-profile royal would have had to weigh up the risks of taking on a civilian , as opposed to military , role . Public interest could affect not only his work , but potentially also that of medics and patients on board his aircraft . There is the heightened possibility of phone footage emerging of his rescues which could compromise privacy and security . There 's also the risk of additional hoax calls . These were not a major issues whilst Prince William was a military search and rescue pilot because he was working in a remote part of west Wales and over water . The two air ambulances in East Anglia are the most widely used in the UK and operate in a built-up area . Their usual landing spots include school playing fields ; residential gardens ; car parks ; beaches and any open space deemed possible by the pilot . William is currently on what officials have described as a "  transitional year , " focusing on his royal duties and charitable work . He always planned to return to work and was keen that it would involve flying . Most air ambulance pilots have a military background like the Duke , who joined a squadron based at RAF Valley after qualifying as a search and rescue pilot in 2010 . He undertook 156 search and rescue operations , resulting in 149 people being rescued . He is highly skilled . Andrew Egerton Smith , chairman of the East Anglian Air Ambulance said : "  Having the Duke of Cambridge as one of our pilots is marvelous news as he brings much experience to the charity after his successful career as a search and rescue pilot . We have an outstanding track record of attending people in their hour of need which is recognized and generously supported by our local communities . " William will spend the autumn and winter in training with the East Anglian Air Ambulance and , once qualified , will start co-piloting in the spring of next year . He will work from Cambridge and Norwich Airports doing both day and night shifts . The Duke is then expected to progress to the position of helicopter commander . The palace said the pilot role would be the Duke 's "  primary occupation . " Its statement added : "  But his roster will take into account the duties and responsibilities he will continue to undertake on behalf of The Queen , both in the United Kingdom and overseas . The Duke will also continue his work with his patronages and with the Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry . " The Duke has always been keen on a role beyond his royal duties whilst he is still second in line to the throne . This job will allow him to balance both positions whilst having his young family close-by . The Cambridges ' country house , Anmer Hall , is being renovated and is set in idyllic rural surroundings which affords the family more privacy than their official residence at Kensington Palace , London , which is constantly monitored by photographers .	Prince William , the Duke of Cambridge , has taken on a new role as an air ambulance pilot The duke previously worked as as a search and rescue pilot for the Royal Air Force Prince William is the first royal in direct line to the British throne to have taken a civilian job He will be based near his country home on the Queen 's Sandringham Estate
The operator of the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has said they need help from outside Japan to stabilize and safely decommission damaged reactors at the facility . This follows the news that regulators are poised to declare a fresh toxic water leak at Fukushima a level 3 "  serious incident , " the gravest warning since the massive 2011 earthquake and tsunami that sent three reactors into meltdown . Zengo Aizawa , vice president of the Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , told reporters at a press conference late Wednesday that there are "  many other countries outside of Japan that have experienced decommissioning reactors , so we hope we can consult them more and utilize their experience . "  In that sense , we need support , not only from the Japanese government but from the international community to do this job . " Earlier Wednesday , Japan 's Nuclear Regulation Authority  NRA  said the new leak was expected to be classified as a level 3 incident on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale , though this will be done once they have received an opinion from the Vienna-based International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . The NRA said they have received a first response from the IAEA asking for more details about the leaking tank , especially the structure and its initial role . "  The current situation is at the point where more surveillance wo n't be enough to keep the accidents from happening , " Shunichi Tanaka , chairman of the NRA , said at a news conference Wednesday . "  Our job is now to lower the risk of these accidents from becoming fatal . " The leak previously had a level 1 "  anomaly rating " on the scale , which ranges from zero , for no safety threat , to seven , for a major accident like the meltdowns at the plant after the earthquake and tsunami . TEPCO , which is in charge of the plant , has struggled to manage the vast quantities of contaminated water at the plant since the tsunami , which swamped the facility . Water pumped out of the stricken reactor buildings is being stored in large water towers at the site . Fukushima leaks : Japan ponders freezing ground In response to the latest leakage of 300 tons of toxic water , a TEPCO spokesman said Wednesday the company has finished removing radioactive water from a leaky tank and transferred it to another tank at the plant . The leaky container is designed to hold as much as 1,000 tons of water , TEPCO said . The International Atomic Energy Agency said it was aware of reports that the Nuclear Regulation Authority plans to rate the leak as a level 3 incident . "  The IAEA views this matter seriously and remains ready to provide assistance on request , " the agency said . Scientists have pointed to high radiation levels in the waters off the plant for more than a year as evidence of problems with the company 's efforts to contain the water . In July , TEPCO admitted that radioactive groundwater was leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the plant , even though an underground barrier was built to seal in the water , underscoring a growing sense of crisis at the site . Fukushima tuna study finds miniscule health risks The authority said in a statement on its website that the plant "  remains in an unstable condition , with various risks to be addressed , and in particular managing the issue of contaminated water as a high priority . " Michael Friedlander , a nuclear engineer and former U.S. power plant operator , said the level 3 classification was warranted for the type of situation faced by TEPCO , but he said the risk to the public outside the plant was very low . "  This is extremely radioactive water , and it would pose a very significant risk to the workers who are going to be in a position to clean it up , " he told CNN . "  It 's a very difficult situation because we do n't know exactly know where the leak is coming from . " But TEPCO spokeswoman Mayumi Yoshida disputed Friedlander 's assessment of the risk posed by the contaminated water . She said workers removing the water from the tank have sufficient protective clothing to prevent exposure . Amid growing concerns this month about contaminated groundwater leaching into the ocean from the plant , Prime Minister Shinzo Abe ordered his government to find "  multiple , speedy and sure " ways to stop the water 's spread . "  We have to deal with this at a national level , " he said . But experts say that any potential solutions are likely to be difficult , technologically and politically . Man who battled Japan 's nuclear meltdown dies	TEPCO looking for outside help to safely decommission the crippled plant Nuclear Regulation Authority says new toxic leak expected to be classified a level 3 incident The International Atomic Energy Agency says it "  views this matter seriously " The warning is the highest since the 2011 earthquake and tsunami triggered a meltdown
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Dell , the world 's number three PC maker , reported Thursday a 79 % profit plunge for the first quarter of the year -- to just $ 130 million -- owing to a slump in desktop and laptop sales , so-called "  end-user computing " products . Quarterly operating income for the division fell 65 % year on year . "  In the PC industry , everyone is struggling -- not just Dell -- and especially in the mobile PC market , " says Craig Stice , Senior Principal Analyst at U.S.-based Compute Platforms . "  When I look at those  Dell  revenues split between mobility and desktop , they 're really not too far out of line with where the industry is at . The entire PC market struggled in Q1 . " Technology research firm Gartner estimated 79 million PC shipments occurred in the first quarter of 2013 -- a fall of more than 11 % year on year . HP saw a 24 % drop in PC shipments , Dell fell 11 % while Taiwan-based Acer Group fell nearly 30 % . The fall in global PC shipments contrasted with a rise in tablet volumes , according to IDC , an IT market research firm . From January to March this year , Apple shipped nearly 20 million units to be the world 's number one tablet maker ; Samsung shipped nearly 9 million units for second place . The world 's top five tablet computer companies shipped more than 49 million units to record 142 % growth year on year . Dell has been trying to counter losses in its PC division by shifting to enterprise solutions , which includes hardware like computer servers , software for business applications and technical support to service clients . Dell 's quarterly operating income for the enterprise division soared 71 % to $ 79 million but contributed just 8 % of the company 's total income . "  Enterprise solutions are significant growth opportunities , " says Stice . "  The margins are certainly better than the PC area -- high single digits to the low teens -- versus the enterprise space which is considerably higher . " In terms of hardware units sold for enterprise solutions , HP has traditionally been number one , with Dell and IBM rounding out the top three , adds Stice . Still , the future seems anything but bright for the PC industry despite a flurry of attempted innovations , from super-thin and light ultrabooks to convertible PCs that can morph into tablet forms . "  Dell was a bit slow to the Ultrabook game and lost to players like  Taiwan 's  Asus and Acer , " says Richard Lai , Editor-in-Chief of Engadget Chinese . In addition , Dell 's dive into convertible laptops "  was rather half-hearted : poor screen , too bulky . " "  You can kind of say the PC industry is throwing darts at the board to see what sticks , " says Stice . "  If they can find that combination of a whole computing performance PC , with mobility and a low price point to compete with some of those $ 200 media tablets , then I think there 's opportunity . There 's still an opportunity for a PC refresh cycle . That can happen . "	Dell says first quarter profits fall nearly 80 % on slump in desktop , laptop sales Analyst : ` PC industry throwing darts at the board to see what sticks ' Gartner : PC shipments fell 11 % year on year in the first quarter Dell attempting to shift from personal computers to "  enterprise solutions " focus
CNN  -- It 's a surfer 's paradise -- but Diah Rahayu is out on her own when it comes to professional women 's wave-riding in Bali . Unlike many Indonesian girls , she 's right at home on the beach . "  I think my soul is already in the water . The ocean just calls me , ` Come , come , come . ' When I go to the beach , I feel like it 's my home , " she tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . The 20-year-old is Bali 's only native female pro surfer . The Indonesian island is a mecca for wave-seekers and beach-loving tourists , but of the locals it 's mainly men who mix it up with the visitors . "  A lot of my friends say , ` Why do you like surfing ? Surfing is dangerous . ' It 's not dangerous for me . It 's very fun , " Rahayu says . "  Indonesian girls are scared of getting dark skin and do n't want to go surfing . And I 'm the luckiest one , I love the beach . " Born in Seminyak , a coastal town in southern Bali that has been absorbed by the major tourist resort of Kuta , Rahayu has lived by the sea all her life . "  So many Australians come and act like bad tourists and make everything dirty , " she told Surfing Life website last month . "  But no matter what I would never leave Bali , because I can surf amazing waves all-year-round and you ca n't do that anywhere else . " Her dad was a renowned local surfer , but he was n't so keen when she said she wanted to follow in his footsteps . So the 12-year-old went behind his back and learned from her uncle instead . Two years later , she made a name for herself at a local talent contest and earned a sponsorship deal . The middle of three sisters , Rahayu says surfing has given her an identity . Unlike her father , who had to give up the sport to support the family , she has been able to combine competing with her university studies thanks to funding from Rip Curl -- one of surfing 's major brands . "  I feel so lucky . No-one from Bali can surf . I do n't want to be like any other girls , " she says . "  I feel great because I can do something different . Everything in my life now is about surfing . " Rahayu 's major breakthrough came when she won a bronze medal for Indonesia at the 2008 Asian Beach Games , which were held in Bali . "  I met the president , had an interview with him and we talked a lot , " she recalls . "  It was really cool . And my mom and my dad were proud of me , and my name was in every newspaper . " The silver medal winner that year was Yasniar Gea . From the island of Nias , off the coast of Sumatra , she has gone on to become the most successful female Indonesian surfer . Rahayu competes against Gea on the Asian Surfing Tour , but says her biggest inspiration comes from women riding on the world stage -- such as leading Australians Stephanie Gilmore and Sally Fitzgibbons , and Hawaii 's Carissa Moore . Joining them is still a pipe dream ; she acknowledges she has yet to pay her dues on the Asian circuit . "  I want to win this tour . I want to focus on that -- it 's my dream , " Rahayu says . "  I 'm not going to Europe yet , but I will . And I want to go to Australia , maybe next year . " But wherever she ends up , there 's no place like home -- where already she 's inspiring young girls to take up surfing . "  It feels so amazing , because now young girls are surfing and then taking pictures with a hashtag , and then just following me , " she says . "  It 's really good to get more girls surfing in Indonesia . I 'm just trying to keep encouraging everyone to get in the water and enjoy life . "	Diah Rahayu is the only female Balinese surfer on the pro circuit The 20-year-old hopes to inspire more from her island to compete Her father was a surfer but had to give up to support the family
CNN  -- Ena Zizi was participating in a prayer group at the national cathedral in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , when the structure came down on her during the 7.0-magnitude earthquake that hit the island on January 12 . In New York , meanwhile , her son , Maxim Janvier , had no way of knowing what befell her other than she was missing . Miraculously , the 70-year-old Zizi survived seven days trapped under the rubble before she was rescued by international search crews this week . A person can , give or take , expect to survive 72 hours trapped without water or food . Zizi managed to hold on for twice as long , something that experts say speaks to the body 's resilience in times of danger . It is possible for a healthy person to survive more than 10 days in some cases , experts say . "  I was n't surprised . I knew she would live through that . She is a tough woman , " Janvier said , recalling when he heard the news , via a CNN tip , that his mother had been found . Earlier , he had used CNN 's Web site to enter his mother 's name , age and approximate location in hope of someone identifying her . Zizi has since been moved to a medical facility aboard the USS Bataan , and now her son is seeking help moving her to a hospital in Florida for further treatment . "  I have n't given up hope , " Janvier told CNN . "  It 's God 's sign to me that I will have another chance to see my mom . " A CNN crew captured video of Tuesday 's rescue . After hours of careful extraction by rescue crews from Germany , South Africa and Mexico , Zizi was carried from the rubble on a wooden board as she grasped the edges , her face covered in dust . "  Thank God ! Thank God ! " she exclaimed as she was pulled out , the video shows . "  Thanks to teamwork we were able to take this woman that prayed and prayed , and I believe that her faith that is so big was the thing that saved her , " one of the Mexican rescuers said . iReport : Search list of the missing and the found Janvier said he has no doubt that his mother 's faith played a role in her survival . "  Definitely , no question . Everyone was praying , " he said . By her side as Zizi was freed , her friends from the church cheered and prayed , Janvier said . The next step in Zizi 's recovery , however , remains unclear . Full coverage l Twitter updates The life-long Port-au-Prince resident was undergoing surgery aboard the USS Bataan , Janvier said . She was reported to have suffered a fractured femur in the quake .	Ena Zizi , in her 70s , lasted seven days in rubble near national cathedral Son , Maxim Janvier says he has no doubt that his mother 's faith played a role in her survival Zizi was undergoing surgery aboard the USS Bataan , Janvier said Zizi was reported to have suffered a fractured femur in the quake
CNN  -- Global emissions of carbon dioxide hit a record high in 2011 , scientists from the Global Carbon Project reported last week . Another record is expected in 2012 . The earth continues to warm , and to warm fast , with serious consequences for human life and welfare . 2012 saw the worst drought in the United States in half a century . Russia suffered its second bad drought in three years . Climatic shocks to these two countries are raising food prices worldwide , posing an especially acute threat to the world 's poorest . Major storm events strike harder and more often , because warming oceans create conditions for fiercer hurricanes . The New York Times reported Friday : "  Emissions continue to grow so rapidly that an international goal of limiting the ultimate warming of the planet to 3.6 degrees , established three years ago , is on the verge of becoming unattainable . " This ominous news arrives as delegates gather in Doha , Qatar , for the latest annual round of climate talks sponsored by the United Nations . Few expect the Doha talks to produce much decision . Yet there is good news on the environmental front , important news . Carbon emissions in the United States have declined since 2009 -- not emissions per person  those have been declining for decades  , but emissions in absolute terms . The weak economy explains part of the decline , but the real hero of the story is the natural gas fracking revolution . A decade ago , half of all the electricity generated in the United States was generated by burning coal , the most carbon-dense fuel of them all . Today , coal 's share of the electricity mix has plunged to one-third , as utilities substitute cheap natural gas . Gas production has become much cheaper with the growth of fracking -- forcing open rocks by injecting fluid into cracks . Gas emits about half as much carbon per unit of energy as coal . Environmentalists have responded warily to the advent of gas . They prefer zero-emissions power sources like wind and solar -- sources made more uncompetitive than ever by ultracheap natural gas .  Today 's price : about $ 3.50 per thousand cubic feet , down about 70 % from the prices of the mid-2000s . Moreover , natural gas does little  as yet  to address emissions from automobile tailpipes . But maybe there 's a way to cheer environmentalists up . Take three worrying long-term challenges : climate change , the weak economic recovery , and America 's chronic budget deficits . Combine them into one . And suddenly three tough problems become one attractive solution . Tax carbon . A tax of $ 20 a ton , rising at a rate of 4 % per year , would over the next decade raise $ 1.5 trillion , according to an important new study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . That $ 1.5 trillion is almost twice as much as would be recouped to the Treasury by allowing the expiration of all Bush-era tax cuts for upper-income taxpayers . The revenues from a carbon tax could be used to reduce the deficit while also extending new forms of payroll tax relief to middle-class families , thus supporting middle-class family incomes . Meanwhile , the shock of slowly but steadily rising prices for fuel and electricity would drive economic changes that would accelerate U.S. economic growth . The average age of U.S. cars and trucks has reached nearly 11 years , a record . Millions of Americans want new cars . They are waiting for market signals as to what car to buy . They want to know that if they choose a fuel-efficient vehicle , they wo n't feel silly three years from now when their neighbor roars past them in a monster truck because gas has plunged back to $ 2 a gallon . After five years of depression , the housing market is also ready for renewal . Again , Americans are waiting for market signals : Should they buy smaller houses nearer to work ? High and rising fuel prices will encourage developers to build more mixed-use complexes that allow more people to live car-free : walking to work , entertainment , and shopping . The surest way to reduce fuel costs is to drive less . The return to more urban living is a trend big enough to sustain America 's next great economic boom . To the extent researchers can measure , the daily commute appears to be the single worst recurring source of unhappiness in American life . If changes in city shape can offer more Americans the opportunity to walk to work through an attractive shopping mall , rather than waste 50 minutes in a car in a traffic jam , those changes will advance human happiness , spur new construction work , and incidentally save the planet . A carbon tax will also enable the United States and Europe to press China and India to reduce their carbon emissions . A properly designed tax would apply not only to domestic goods and services , but to imports as well . China and India would discover that their products no longer seem so cheap when a carbon tax at the border adds back the environmental costs of dirty manufacturing . To export to the world 's richest consumers , China and India will have to clean up their act -- an incentive more persuasive than a hundred Doha conferences . More jobs and growth ; reduced deficits without raising income taxes ; lower taxes for middle-class families ; a kick in the pants to Chinese polluters ; and more happiness for American commuters -- one policy instrument can do it all . What 's not to love about a carbon tax ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Carbon dioxide emissions worldwide are at record levels To strike a blow against climate change , U.S. should enact a carbon tax , Frum says He says it would provide revenue , allow for middle-class tax relief , spark economy
CNN Student News  -- Students will learn about U.S. environmental legislation Procedure Inform students that the first Earth Day was celebrated in 1970 , the same year that the Environmental Protection Agency was established . Point out that the EPA enforces federal environmental policies , many of which were enacted by Congress in the decade after the EPA was created . Ask students : Why do you think that the U.S. government has a federal agency charged with protecting the environment ? Working in groups or independently , have students select one environmental law each from the following list : Direct students to online resources to learn more about their pieces of legislation . Students ' research should focus on the following questions : Challenge students to go back in time to when their laws were proposed , and use their research to write a letter to their congressional representative either supporting or opposing the "  new " law . After students have shared their letters , hold a class discussion based on this question : Is the United States better or worse as a result of each of these laws ? Correlated Standards SCIENCE Content Standard F : Science in Personal and Social Perspectives As a result of activities in grades 5-8 , all students should develop understanding of * Personal health * Populations , resources , and environments * Natural hazards * Risks and benefits * Science and technology in society Content Standard F : Science in Personal and Social Perspectives As a result of activities in grades 9-12 , all students should develop understanding of * Personal and community health * Population growth * Natural resources * Environmental quality * Natural and human-induced hazards * Science and technology in local , national , and global challenges The National Science Education Standards  http://books.nap.edu/html/nses/pdf/index.html  are published by the National Academies Press  http://www.nap.edu  . CIVICS 9-12 Content Standards III . How Does The Government Established By The Constitution Embody The Purposes , Values , And Principles Of American Democracy ? 1 . Distributing governmental power and preventing its abuse 3 . The institutions of the national government 4 . Major responsibilities of the national government in domestic and foreign policy 8 . Major responsibilities of state and local governments 9 . The place of law in American society 11 . The public agenda 12 . Public opinion and behavior of the electorate 15 . Associations and groups 16 . Forming and carrying out public policy The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Keywords Earth Day , ecology , environment , Environmental Protection Agency , Superfund site , DDT E-mail to a friend	Students will learn about U.S. environmental legislation
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A "  furious " President Obama has ordered a review of the decision to fly a Boeing 747 frighteningly close to the lower Manhattan skyline , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Tuesday . Witnesses reported seeing a plane circle over the Upper New York Bay near the Statue of Liberty . The review will focus on "  why that decision was made and to ensure that it never happens again , " Gibbs said . Jim Messina , a deputy chief of staff , will lead the effort . On Tuesday , Obama told reporters , "  It was a mistake . It was something we found out about along with all of you . And it will not happen again . " Officials said that when Obama first found out about the incident , he was "  furious . " The incident has led to a large amount of criticism from New Yorkers and politicians . After a YouTube video showed panicked New Yorkers scrambling as the plane flew frighteningly close to the lower Manhattan skyline , a former Homeland Security adviser questioned whether the man who approved the flyby should remain in his White House office . Fran Townsend , who advised President George W. Bush for more than three years , called the move "  crass insensitivity " in the wake of 9/11 . "  I 'd call this felony stupidity . This is probably not the right job for Mr. Caldera to be in if he did n't understand the likely reaction of New Yorkers , of the mayor , " Townsend said Tuesday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Louis Caldera , director of the White House Military Office , quickly apologized for Monday 's incident after the planes prompted workers and residents to evacuate buildings in New York and New Jersey . Watch Townsend slam Caldera " "  Last week , I approved a mission over New York . I take responsibility for that decision , " Caldera said . "  While federal authorities took the proper steps to notify state and local authorities in New York and New Jersey , it 's clear that the mission created confusion and disruption . " The Federal Aviation Administration said the aircraft , which functions as Air Force One when the president is aboard , was taking part in a classified , government-sanctioned photo shoot . On Tuesday Sen. John McCain wrote a letter to Defense Secretary Robert Gates saying he was "  profoundly disturbed " by the flyover "  against the backdrop of September 11 . " "  The supposed mission represents a fundamentally unsound exercise in military judgment and may have constituted an inappropriate use of Department of Defense resources , " McCain , a ranking member of the Senate 's Armed Services Committee , wrote in the letter . He requested an investigation into the cost of the flyover . Air Force officials estimate that the mission and the photo shoot for the 747 and an accompanying F-16 fighter jet cost $ 328,835 . But they said "  the hours would have been flown regardless , and the expenses would have been accrued on a different mission . " An Air Force source told CNN on Tuesday that the White House Military Office planned a photo shoot over various Washington monuments next week , but the shoot has now been canceled . An angry Mayor Michael Bloomberg said it "  defies the imagination " that an agency would schedule the photo shoot so near the site of the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on the World Trade Center . Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , said the FAA 's decision to not announce the flyby "  borders on being either cruel or very , very stupid . " Witnesses reported seeing the plane circle over the Upper New York Bay near the Statue of Liberty before flying up the Hudson River . Watch the plane fly over Manhattan " The YouTube video shows dozens of people standing in a parking lot , watching the plane approach . As it nears , they begin to run . Someone unleashes an expletive . "  Run , run ! " says one person . "  Oh my God , " cries another . A 911 call released by the Hudson County Sheriff 's Department in New Jersey shows the panic caused by the plane . "  There 's a plane falling , there is a big aircraft falling like 9/11 , " a man says to the operator . "  Everybody is running and people are crying and panicking . " Two officials said the White House Military Office was trying to update its file photos of Air Force One . Bloomberg said he was perturbed . Watch the White House apologize " "  I 'm annoyed -- furious is a better word -- that I was n't told , " he said , calling the FAA 's decision to withhold details about the flight "  ridiculous " and "  poor judgment . " "  Why the Defense Department wanted to do a photo op right around the site of the World Trade Center defies the imagination , " he said . "  Had we known , I would have asked them not to . " Linda Garcia-Rose , a social worker who counsels post-traumatic stress disorder patients in an office three blocks from where the World Trade Center stood , called the flight an "  absolute travesty . " Watch the White House respond to questions about the scare " "  There was no warning . It looked like the plane was about to come into us , " she said . "  I 'm a therapist , and I actually had a panic attack . " Garcia-Rose , who works with nearly two dozen patients ages 15 to 47 , said she was inundated with phone calls from patients . "  They 're traumatized . They 're asking ` How could this happen ? ' They 're nervous . Their anxiety levels are high , " she said . iReport.com : Tell us what you think Garcia-Rose said she is considering filing a class-action suit against the government for sanctioning the plane 's unannounced flight . "  I believe the government has done something really wrong , " she said . Capt. Anna Carpenter of Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland said local law enforcement agencies and the FAA had been given notice of the exercise . New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne said the department had been alerted about the flight "  with directives to local authorities not to disclose information about it . " CNN 's Mythili Rao and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : 911 call : "  There 's a plane falling , there is a big aircraft falling like 9-11 " Sen. John McCain "  profoundly disturbed , " requests investigation Air Force source : Planned photo shoot over D.C. monuments cancelled YouTube video shows New Yorkers scrambling as plane screams overhead
CNN  -- Doctors ' attempts to combat rare , aggressive bacteria that have infected a University of West Georgia graduate student have suffered a further setback : 24-year-old Aimee Copeland 's remaining foot and both her hands were amputated , according to a blog on the school 's website . Prior to the surgery , a website posting by Copeland 's friend and fellow psychology student , Ken Lewis , explained the reason : "  Aimee 's fingers and remaining foot will have to be amputated because of dead blood vessels , not because of necrotizing fasciitis , " he wrote . Surgeons had already amputated a leg and cut out soft tissue from her torso . On a Facebook page dedicated to his daughter 's recovery , Andy Copeland describes speaking with the surgeons before the latest amputations . "  The hands were endangering Aimee 's progress , " he writes . "  As always , my decision was simple . Do whatever it takes to give us the best chance to save Aimee 's life . " He then broke the news to his daughter . "  I took Aimee 's hands and held them up to her face . She did n't draw back in horror . She knew the condition she was in , " he writes . She nodded as he explained the diagnosis given by her doctors . Asked whether she had any questions , his daughter mouthed , "  I 'm a little confused , but I 'll figure it out , " he writes . The patient then listened as her father , mother Donna and sister Paige explained how she would eventually be fitted with prosthetic limbs . "  She smiled and raised her hands up , carefully examining them . She then looked at us . We all understood her next three words , " he writes . " ` Let 's do this . ' " Andy Copeland then pays tribute to the strength of his daughter , who has spent days in intensive care at Doctors Hospital in Augusta , Georgia . "  A tear rolled down my face as I walked out of her room . I was n't crying because Aimee was going to lose her hands and foot , I was crying because , in all my 53 years of existence , I have never seen such a strong display of courage . Aimee shed no tears , she never batted an eyelash . I was crying because I am a proud father of an incredibly courageous young lady . " Read the entire text of Andy Copeland 's post Aimee Copeland Facebook page Copeland 's struggle has been followed by many Americans as her family has shared the ups and downs of her battle against the "  flesh-eating " bacteria . She was with friends May 1 near the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta , when she grabbed onto a zip line . It snapped , and she fell . The accident left a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room , where doctors determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the flesh-devouring bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . She was flown to Augusta for the first of what has turned into a series of surgical procedures . Among them has been a tracheotomy . Copeland has been on life support since May 4 , the school 's website said . Her father recounts how her loved ones have watched as the disease attacked her flesh and seen the inevitability of the amputations in the changing color of her hands from day to day . "  Some people may criticize my decision and say we should have prayed over Aimee and asked God to heal her hands . Trust me , this we have done every day , " he writes . Though there is uncertainty about just how common such infections are since no clearinghouse compiles statistics on their incidence , Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates there are fewer than 250 cases every year in the United States . The reporting of such cases is not required by law . The infection is fatal in about one in four cases , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says on its website . The bacteria are "  remarkably common in the water and in the environment , " according to Dr. Buddy Creech , an assistant professor of pediatric infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University . "  When it gets into those deeper tissues , it has a remarkable ability to destroy the tissues that surround it in sort of this hunt for nutrition , " he said . "  When it does that , those tissues die , and you see the inflammation and the swelling and the destruction that can be very difficult to control . "	Aimee Copeland 's dad tells how he broke the news that her hands would be amputated "  I have never seen such a strong display of courage , " he says of his daughter Copeland had already lost a leg and part of her abdomen to an infection by a rare bug She has necrotizing fasciitis , caused by a flesh-devouring bacteria she got in an accident
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A drunk passenger who tried to set the curtains of a Boeing 767 on fire during a trans-Atlantic flight is in custody in Vienna , Austria , the Transportation Security Administration said Thursday . A drunk Delta passenger was placed in custody after he tried to light curtains on fire during a flight . There was no apparent connection to terrorism , officials said . Zoltan Lensky , 25 , a Slovakian citizen , was on Delta Flight 40 from Atlanta , Georgia , to Vienna Wednesday night when flight attendants refused his request for more liquor . According to TSA spokesman Christopher White , Lensky slapped a flight attendant on the hand , moved forward in the cabin , pulled out a lighter and tried to ignite the curtains around the flight attendants ' rest area . A federal air marshal on the flight arrested Lensky and put him in handcuffs , White said . Lensky was handed over to authorities in Vienna when the flight landed . It is policy for air marshals never to fly alone . According to White , the other air marshal , or marshals , on the Delta flight remained undercover in case Lensky was being used as a diversion . However , "  he was nothing but an intoxicated passenger , " said White .	A drunk passenger tried to set the curtains of a Boeing 767 on fire Zoltan Lensky , 25 , a Slovakian citizen , was on Delta flight from Atlanta to Vienna He slapped a flight attendant 's hand when she refused to provide more booze Lensky was handed over to authorities in Vienna when the flight landed
Paris , France  CNN  -- Beneath the streets of the City of Light lies a world draped in darkness and shrouded in silence . The tunnels are narrow , the ceilings are low and death is on display . The skulls and bones lining the walls , arranged in a macabre fashion , make up what is known as the Empire of the Dead -- the Catacombs of Paris . The catacombs snake below the city , a 321-kilometer  200-mile  network of old quarries , caves and tunnels . Some Parisians are drawn to this largely uncharted territory -- a hidden network of adventure , discovery and even relaxation . They are known as ` cataphiles ' and the catacombs are their playground . It is a top-secret group . Catacomb entrances are known only to those daring enough to roam the networks on their own -- and break the law . Entering unauthorized sections of the catacombs is illegal and a police force is tasked with patrolling the tunnels , and caught cataphiles risk fines of up to 60 euros  $ 73  . But for explorers like Loic Antoine-Gambeaud and his friends , it is a risk they are willing to take . "  I think it 's in the collective imagination . Everybody knows that there is something below Paris ; that something goes on that 's mysterious . But I do n't think many people have even an idea of what the underground is like , " Antoine-Gambeaud said . For those who want to find out , but are not willing to take the risk of going in unsupervised , there is a legal , tourist-friendly public entrance to the catacombs off Place Denfert-Rochereau . Visitors from around the world will queue up to see death on display . "  I think people are fascinated with death , " one visitor said . "  They do n't know what it 's about and you see all these bones stacked up , and the people that have come before us , and it 's fascinating . We 're trying to find our past and it 's crazy and gruesome and fun all at the same time . " But experiencing the history of Paris in an orderly fashion is not the cataphiles ' style . Underground , there are plaques echoing the street names above etched into the walls , helping the cataphiles navigate . Often equipped only with head lamps and homemade maps , they explore the tunnels and ancient rooms , sometimes staying underground for days at a time . They throw parties , drink wine , or just relax in a silence they say ca n't be experienced anywhere else . The catacombs are a by-product of Paris ' early development . Builders dug deep underground to extract limestone to build Paris above ground . But the subterranean quarries that were formed proved to be a shaky foundation for the city , causing a number of streets to collapse and be swallowed up by the ground . Eventually , repairs and reinforcements were made , and to this day , the tunnels and quarries are still monitored for safety . The quarries went through several transformations throughout history . Over time , they have served as everything from hiding places for revolutionaries to mushroom farms . In the 18th century the Catacombs became known as the Empire of the Dead . Paris ' dead had been buried in cemeteries and beneath churches in the city center , but the number of bodies began to overwhelm the land , breaking through the walls of people 's cellars and causing major health concerns . So , beginning in the 1780s , the bodies were transferred in carriages at night to a new , final resting place in the old quarries . In those tunnels there are now the remains of more than six million people . And for the cataphiles , the life among the dead opens up new dreams and possibilities . "  It 's like an alternate reality , " Antoine-Gambeaud said . "  You do n't have the same sort of social interaction with people as you do above . You are free to invent yourself again , to be somebody else . " Bone people : The explorers of the Parisian catacombs	Beneath the streets of the French capital lies a hidden , macabre Parisian playground The catacombs are also the last resting place for six million people Adventurous Parisians use the underground network as a place to party and relax One said : You are free to invent yourself again , to be somebody else
Bob Welch , a guitarist who played with Fleetwood Mac before launching a solo career , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound to his chest , Nashville , Tennessee , police said Thursday . He was 66 . Bob Welch : Your favorite songs Welch 's wife found his body in their Nashville home about 12:15 p.m. , Nashville Police spokesman Don Aaron said . "  All indications are that it was a suicide , " Aaron said . A suicide note was found , he said . Welch played guitar with Fleetwood Mac starting in 1971 . He left the group in late 1974 , just before Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks joined the group . Nicks said in a statement that Welch 's death was "  devastating . " "  I had many great times with him after Lindsey and I joined Fleetwood Mac , " singer Nicks said . "  He was an amazing guitar player -- he was funny , sweet -- and he was smart . Stevie Nicks : Betty Ford saved my life "  I am so very sorry for his family and for the family of Fleetwood Mac -- so , so sad , " Nicks said . Welch 's biggest hits , "  Sentimental Lady " and "  Ebony Eyes " came from his debut solo album "  French Kiss , " released in November 1977 .	Welch 's death is "  devastating " and "  so , so sad , " Fleetwood Mac 's Stevie Nicks says Welch 's wife found his body in their Nashville home Thursday afternoon , police say "  All indications are that it was a suicide , " a police spokesman says Welch played guitar with Fleetwood Mac from 1971 until late 1974
CNN  -- Evan Lysacek became a household name in February when he won the Olympic gold medal in men 's figure skating . Since his rise to fame , he has made it a point to get involved with charitable work . He currently works with Help USA , a nonprofit organization that provides housing and support services so the homeless and other people in need can become self-sufficient . Lysacek , a supporter of CNN Heroes , recently spoke to CNN producer Megan Clifford about the Heroes campaign and his humanitarian work . Below are excerpts from that interview . Megan Clifford : Why did you decide to get involved with Help USA ? Evan Lysacek : Well , I 've always looked up to -- in my lifetime and in my career -- athletes and people who are strong members of the community . As I 've gained a little bit of success , I thought the most important thing to do , first and foremost , was to give back and help out . Homelessness can happen to anyone within the blink of an eye . Job loss is so prevalent in the country today with the state of our economy ... a lot of people have become homeless or jobless very quickly , and they did not see it coming . Help USA is the largest homeless advocate in the country . Knowing their reputation , I wanted to get involved immediately and asked how . They said , "  Come on down , we 'll film a public service announcement . " Clifford : What exactly does Help USA do ? Lysacek : Help USA helps -LSB- its -RSB- clients by teaching the skills that they 're going to need to go out and reclaim their lives ... life skills , education , job placement and training , child care , as well as counseling . They provide a variety of services at their residences to help their clients get their lives back on track . Clifford : How has your work with Help USA affected you ? Lysacek : It 's inspired me more than I could have imagined . I thought I would be signing on to teach and give as much as I could ... but in turn , they 've taught me so much about working and remaining positive with the circumstances that you 're dealt . As gratifying as it was for me to work my entire life for my Olympic dream and somehow , someway achieve it in Vancouver by winning gold , I get so much more appreciation and I feel so much more heart when I can help more than one person . As memories of competitions , of medals and podiums , fade away , there are pictures that are embedded in my head with families in need that will really stick with me for the rest of my life . Clifford : You 're a sports hero to many people . What is a hero to you ? Lysacek : A hero to me is a person that leads by example , and they do n't always take the easy road . Sometimes , they 're the only one on a certain path , but they always do what they think is right and they 're positive members of their community . Clifford : Why did you get involved with CNN Heroes ? Lysacek : CNN Heroes honors everyday people who 've given extraordinary things to their communities . It inspires everyone to get up , go out and do something -- take a stand for what you believe in , team up with an organization you really care about , help someone in need . That 's something everyone in this world could learn from -- seeing a positive force within their community . It 's sometimes difficult to comprehend how you can possibly make a difference , but when it 's right there in front of your eyes through a program like CNN Heroes , it 's easy to believe that you truly can . And that 's why I feel like this is so important .	Olympic champion Evan Lysacek supports Help USA , the nation 's largest homeless advocate Help USA provides housing and support services so people can get back on their feet Lysacek : Help USA experience has "  taught me so much about working and remaining positive "
After days of descending on cities coast to coast , protesters demanding an end to police brutality are expected to get loud again Saturday . In recent weeks , throngs have taken to the streets nationwide after grand juries decided not to indict white police officers in the deaths of Michael Brown near St. Louis and Eric Garner in New York City . Saturday will culminate what organizers are calling a "  Week of Outrage , " with large demonstrations planned in major cities . "  Our message is very simple , " wrote Carl Dix , founder of the Stop Mass Incarceration Network , one of the main organizers of the protests . "  Since the ` normal routine ' of America has always included murder of black and Latino people by law enforcement , this week , that ` normal routine must be disrupted . ' " The protests started Friday at Harvard College in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and outside City Hall in St. Louis . A St. Louis police officer will be disciplined because he showed up at City Hall with a "  Wilson " badge on his right arm , police spokesman Schron Jackson said . The badge apparently referred to Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson , who shot and killed Michael Brown in August . Jackson said the badge violated a department rule about prohibited insignia . Jeff Roorda of the St. Louis Police Officers Association fired back , saying , "  The U.S. Department of Justice has consistently described demonstrations where police officers were shot at and police had Molotov cocktails thrown at them as constitutional , protected free speech , but police officers are apparently not allowed to exercise their constitutional rights to express their support for a fellow police officer exonerated of wrong doing . " Protesters in major cities , including New York City and Washington D.C. , plan marches for Saturday afternoon . Eric Garner Jr. , the son of the man who died after a New York police officer held him in what appeared to be a chokehold , said he was proud of the protests . "  It 's amazing how everybody  is  doing this . My father and I appreciate it , " the son told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " Some peaceful protests across the country this week have been marred by bouts of violence and crowds that disrupted thousands of motorists by shutting down freeways . But despite those instances , protests have continued to draw some notable names . More join chorus for change In Washington , minority congressional staffers walked off their jobs and gathered on the steps of the Capitol on Thursday with their hands raised to show support for the families of Brown and Garner . Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , who fought to end segregation and racial discrimination in the South in the 1960s , also joined the group . And the support is not limited to political figures . The Cleveland Cavaliers ' LeBron James is one of the big names speaking out . Before the team faced the Brooklyn Nets on the basketball court Monday night , James wore a T-shirt that said "  I ca n't breathe " -- Eric Garner 's last words , which have become a rallying cry for protesters . "  It was a message to the family . I 'm sorry for their loss , " the four-time league MVP said . "  As a society , we know we need to get better , but it 's not going to be done in one day . Rome was n't built in a day . " Obama weighs in But police are pushing back . In New York City , the Patrolman 's Benevolent Association sent a form for members to sign and return to their PBA delegate requesting the mayor not attend their funeral if the officer is killed in the line of duty because of the mayor 's "  consistent refusal to show police officers the support and respect they deserve . " The city replied with a statement , saying : "  This is deeply disappointing . Incendiary rhetoric like this serves only to divide the city , and New Yorkers reject these tactics . The mayor and the speaker both know better than to think this inappropriate stunt represents the views of the majority of police officers and their families . " President Barack Obama spoke about the future of race relations in America to a network that reaches a predominantly young African-American audience . "  What I told the young people who I met with -- we 're going to have more conversations over the coming months -- is , ` This is n't something that is going to be solved overnight , ' Obama said on BET . " ` This is something that is deeply rooted in our society . It 's deeply rooted in our history . ' " In his interview , the President said African-American youths need to be both persistent and patient in order to make progress on the issue of racial tensions in America . Officers involved Daniel Pantaleo , the police officer seen on video choking Garner , spoke with internal affairs investigators this week . A New York grand jury decided last week not to indict Pantaleo in Garner 's death . "  He indicated he never used a chokehold , " said Stuart London , his attorney . "  He used a takedown technique he was taught in the academy . He said he never exerted any pressure on the windpipe and never intended to injure Mr. Garner . " In Missouri , Officer Darren Wilson , who maintains he shot Brown in August out of fear for his life , resigned from the Ferguson Police Department last month .	A St. Louis officer will be disciplined for wearing a "  Wilson " badge , police say Protests are held Friday in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and St. Louis Demands for justice and change sound out in cities far and wide Saturday will culminate what organizers call a "  Week of Outrage "
CNN  -- While recent nationalist gestures from Japan 's political rulers continue to rile neighbors South Korea and China , a former prime minister is aiming to make some amends in his own way . Tomiichi Murayama , who served as the nation 's premier from 1994 to 1996 , visited South Korea this week for a three-day visit , during which he met with former comfort women in Seoul . On Tuesday , the first day of the 89-year-old 's trip , he attended an exhibition of art made by women who had endured sexual slavery at the hands of the Imperial Japanese Army . He was presented with an artwork entitled "  Flower destroyed unbloomed " and shook the hands of the three former comfort women in attendance . Murayama told them to "  stay healthy . " One of the three , Kang Ul-Chul , told him that the Japanese government should fully apologize and offer compensation . Murayama said Japan 's wartime policy of providing comfort women to its troops meant that it had committed "  indescribable wrongdoings , " the Japan Times reported . The number of women who were enslaved by the Japanese from around 1932 during the colonization of the Korean peninsula up to and during the World War II , is dwindling . Hwang Keum-ja , an 89-year-old who was lured into sexual slavery in Japan 's "  comfort stations " during World War II , died earlier this month . READ MORE : Another voice lost , Korean ` comfort woman dies Only 55 of the approximately 200,000 women subjected to the ordeal from around 1932 remain living . The issue of comfort women , and the Japanese acknowledgement of them , is controversial and consistently topical in South Korea . The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs states : "  Japan has extended its sincere apologies and remorse to all those women on various occasions such as an apology statement by the Chief Cabinet Secretary Yohei Kono in 1993 . " The country has helped establish the Asian Women 's Fund in 1995 , which is supported by government funds and provides assistance to former comfort women . But it has resisted direct payments to the victims , prompting activists and former comfort women to say leaders are avoiding officially acknowledging what happened . Japan maintains that a 1965 treaty between the two nations have settled wartime compensation claims . The South Korean government however does not believe this is enough . Along with the surviving comfort women , it is calling for an official government apology , acknowledging legal responsibility for the crimes . Seoul wants Tokyo to provide direct compensation to the victims . Murayama is perhaps best-known for his 1995 address , known as the Murayama Statement , in which he apologized to the victims of Japanese aggression during World War II . It was hailed as a significant step and a catalyst for improving relations between Japan and its neighbors . Murayama also spoke at Korea 's National Assembly this week , as part of a trip organized by Korea 's minor opposition Justice Party , as well as meeting members of both the ruling party and the opposition . The country 's president , Park Geun-hye , declined to meet Murayama , citing her schedule . She has previously refused to engage with the Japanese government until it fully acknowledges South Korea 's historical grievances . Japan 's Prime Minister , Shinzo Abe , has ruffled his East Asian neighbors ' feathers recently through high-profile nationalistic gestures , including a visit to the Yasukuni Shrine , which enshrines the souls of some of Japan 's war dead -- including several war criminals , and by suggesting that the Murayama statement be revised . Kyodo news reported that Murayama told Korean lawmakers on Wednesday that that Abe has said he will "  ultimately uphold " the Murayama statement , but stopped short of elaborating on when Abe made the pledge . Territorial disputes -- most notably the claim of both countries on the islands known as Dokdo by South Koreans and Takeshima by the Japanese -- have added to the tension .	Ex-Japanese P.M. met former comfort women during three-day visit to South Korea Murayama will not meet the country 's president , who says she 's too busy Former leader is perhaps best known for his 1995 apology to victims of Japanese aggression Tells Korean lawmakers that Abe will "  ultimately uphold " 1995 Statement
Hong Kong  CNN  -- At least eight people are dead and hundreds may be trapped after a landslide ripped through a village in Sri Lanka Wednesday , the state-run Lankapuvath news agency reported . The landslide hit the south-central Badulla District Wednesday morning , destroying at least 140 homes , said Pradeep Kodippili with Sri Lanka 's Disaster Management Center . Between 300 and 500 people may be misisng , Lankapuvath reported . The rescue operation involving police , the military and disaster management officials had to be suspended for the day due to poor weather , Lankapuvath reported , citing the agency head Mahinda Amaraweera .	Eight dead , hundreds missing in Sri Lanka landslide , Lankapuvath news agency reports The landslide struck a village in south-central Badulla District Wednesday morning Rescue efforts had to be suspended due to poor weather , news agency says
CNN  -- The question of whether the Tea Party will have a real impact on American politics  yes !  has evolved into a new debate : Is the Tea Party really about more than taxes ? Glenn Beck , who invokes the semi-mythical "  Black Robe Brigade " -- fighting preachers he claims led the American Revolution -- as a model for a new generation of activists seems to think so . On public radio , Bryan Fischer , a leader of the fundamentalist American Family Association , sternly instructed a libertarian Tea Party activist that her movement was religiously rooted whether she wanted it to be or not . A recent poll by the Public Religion Research Institute backs him up , revealing that 57 percent of self-identified Tea Partiers agree that "  America is and always has been a Christian nation . " So is the Tea Party a religious movement , too ? The answer is a little tricky . It did n't begin as one , despite the political God-talk of its heroine , Sarah Palin , but it is becoming one , thanks in large part to one man , Sen. Jim DeMint of Greenville , South Carolina , the GOP 's newest and fastest rising star . DeMint , who has been out front of his party with vigorous support for Tea Party candidates from Alaska to Delaware , has been looked at as a bridge builder between the insurgent right and the establishment right , because he sympathizes with the former even as he 's a Washington insider . But a better metaphor is gatekeeper : DeMint holds the key to the capital for outsider candidates like Alaska 's Joe Miller and Delaware 's Christine O'Donnell . And the price of admission he 's charging is fealty to his religious vision of the Tea Party as a new "  Great Awakening . " That is , a Christian crusade akin to the 18th century evangelical movement that set the tone for so many religious surges in American life that many contemporary evangelicals call the United States a "  revival nation . " The Republican Party -- at least , the establishment Republican Party -- does n't have a lock on that energy . In Alaska , Sen. Lisa Murkowski was a reliable conservative , but primary challenger Joe Miller swept past her in September buoyed by anti-abortion voters who thrilled to his pledge to oppose "  the culture of death . " In Delaware , Republican Rep. Mike Castle was a sure thing for Joe Biden 's old Senate seat -- until he got beat by "  fringe " candidate Christine O'Donnell , previously best known for her public campaign against masturbation . Liberals and centrists wring their hands over Miller and giggle about O'Donnell , hoping that her political hopelessness somehow proves that the movement is n't going . They compile lists of what they take to be her craziest statements , such as her confession that as a young woman she dabbled in witchcraft . That 's a strategic mistake , because they 're mocking what is , in fact , a mainstream evangelical view -- that witchcraft and "  spiritual war " are real -- and a narrative with powerful resonance in American life . Consider not O'Donnell 's words , but her theme : Once I was lost  making bad choices  , but now I 'm found . Who did n't do something stupid in their youth ? But it 's the "  found " part that reveals the religiosity of the Tea Party movement , spirituality not at odds with the Tea Party 's economics but intertwined with it . DeMint stumbled through an explanation for the Christian Broadcasting Network : "  People are seeing this massive government growing and they 're realizing that it 's the government that 's hurting us . And I think they 're turning back to God in effect is our salvation and government is not our salvation and in fact more and more people see government as the problem , and so I think some have been drawn in over the years to a dependency relationship with government , and as the Bible says , you ca n't have two masters . " DeMint 's solution is to put government -- and the economy -- in the service of Jesus , to cultivate a "  leadership led by God , " as the religious organization that gives DeMint not only a theology but also a roof puts it . DeMint is a longtime resident of the C Street House , the "  Prayboy Mansion , " as some bloggers have called it , made infamous in 2009 for its role in the sex scandals of Sen. John Ensign , R-Nevada , and Gov. Mark Sanford , R-South Carolina , and maintained by a fundamentalist movement known as the Fellowship , or the Family . C Street has a singular goal , in the words of one Family leader : to "  assist -LSB- congressmen -RSB- in better understandings of the teachings of Christ , and applying it to their jobs . " It 's C Street 's understanding of those teachings , though , that mark it as a nexus for the convergence of the Tea Party 's populist conservatism and insider influence of fundamentalism 's elite  besides DeMint , GOP hard right leaders Sen. Tom Coburn , Ensign , Sen. John Thune , and Sen. Sam Brownback have lived there  . The best way to help the weak , C Street teaches , is to help the strong , who will in turn dispense God 's blessings to the rest of us . Call it trickle down religion . The rhetoric of the Tea Party is populist in style , but its economic vision so neatly aligns with the interests of the wealthy that big business is abandoning the old Republican establishment for the "  insurgents " who promise to free the market 's "  invisible hand " from the safety net of the minimum wage and health care . And for DeMint and the new disciples he hopes to bring to Washington , that invisible hand ultimately belongs not to the market but to God . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Sharlet .	Jeff Sharlet says anti-tax Tea Party shows signs of evolving into religious movement He says GOP star Sen. DeMint is gatekeeper for Tea Party candidates to establishment Price of admission , he says , is fealty to DeMint 's religious vision of Tea Party Sharlet : Putting government in service of religion tends to align it with interests of wealthy
Washington  CNN  -- Embattled New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie forcefully stood by his account that he only found out about notorious traffic lane closures at the George Washington Bridge last year after they appeared in the media and that he knew absolutely nothing about a suggested political motive behind them . "  The answer is still the same , " Christie said in a radio interview on Monday night , adding later that he ca n't wait to get the "  full story " behind the scandal that has rocked his administration and , for now , has clouded any potential presidential run in 2016 . "  The fact of the matter is I 've been very clear about this . Before these lanes were closed , I knew nothing about them . I did n't plan it . I did n't authorize it . I did n't approve it . I knew nothing about it , " he said in a studio appearance for a live call-in show hosted by New Jersey 101.5 . The fresh response came amid a new allegation from a former top adviser caught up in the scandal , David Wildstein , that "  evidence exists " that Christie knew about the closures and resulting traffic gridlock over five days in Fort Lee in real time , which would , if true , contradict his account of events . On CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich said he believed Christie but thought the governor should sign a sworn statement backing up his claims . "  I take it him at his word but it would appear from the polls that a lot of folks do n't , " Sokolich said . Why is this important ? Christie 's recollection ultimately may be critical in answering why the bridge lanes overseen by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey were closed in the first place and who authorized it for sure -- and whether any laws were broken . E-mails and political figures in New Jersey have suggested the gridlock was a bit of orchestrated political payback for the Fort Lee mayor , who did not endorse Christie for re-election last November . A state legislative committee is investigating as is the Justice Department , which would be interested if there was any abuse of power . Both have subpoenaed Christie 's office for documents , and he said his office is complying . Christie 's office also has hired a private law firm to investigate . And why is Wildstein important ? It has been suggested in the e-mails released by state legislative investigators in New Jersey that Wildstein , a top Christie appointee at the Port Authority , carried out the closures . He also has been subpoenaed , refused to answer questions from legislative investigators , and he 's got a lawyer . For his part , Christie has fired a top aide linked to what has metastasized into a political scandal coming on the heels of a successful re-election and prior to a possible White House bid . Others have left their jobs as the scandal unfolded , including Wildstein . Former deputy chief of staff Bridget Ann Kelly , whose e-mail to Wildstein -- "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee " -- weeks before the gridlock occurred led to her firing by Christie in January , refused on Monday on constitutional grounds to comply with a state legislative subpoena to turn over documents , a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN 's Chris Frates . State lawmakers leading that investigation said they are reviewing the matter and "  considering our legal options with respect to enforcing the subpoena . " Christie , in the radio interview , repeated what he said at a January news conference -- challenged by Wildstein in a letter written by his lawyer to the Port Authority on Friday -- about the timeline around when he became aware of the traffic mess . He also denied having any knowledge of a suggested political motive . Who 's who in the bridge scandal Christie blasts Wildstein "  The first time that this really came into my consciousness , as an issue " was when an e-mail from Port Authority Executive Director Pat Foye "  was leaked to the media and reported on . " Foye was the person , according to e-mails , who started asking questions about the lane closures and ordered them reopened . That 's when Christie said he asked his chief of staff and his chief counsel to "  look into this and see what 's going on here . " He said any reference to the bridge situation prior to this would n't have meant anything to him because he was n't clued into the fact that there was a problem . Afterward , Christie said again that he was told the "  Port Authority was engaged in a traffic study , " which has now been called into serious question . He also stressed that "  nobody has said I knew anything about this before it happened , and I think that 's the most important question . " A question of evidence Christie 's appearance follows steps by his office over the weekend to strike in an unusually personal way against Wildstein , a one-time high school classmate of the governor in Livingston , N.J. "  Bottom line - David Wildstein will do and say anything to save David Wildstein , " a letter released by the governor 's office said in a statement . On Monday , Christie 's office also planned to send to friends and allies a list of tweets and stories aiming to put the focus on The New York Times ' handling of the disclosure by Wildstein , according to CNN 's Jake Tapper . The Times broke the story , saying Wildstein "  had the evidence to prove " Christie knew about the lane closures . The newspaper quickly revised its lead to simply reflect what the letter written by Wildstein 's attorney actually said : that "  evidence exists , " not that Wildstein was in possession of it . The letter never disclosed the evidence . Chris Christie scandal : A primer First on CNN : Mayor behind Christie allegations full of contradictions The letter also did n't suggest that Christie had knowledge of what his people might have been up to -- political or otherwise . Read Wildstein 's letter The scandal and another allegation of strong-arm political tactics by Christie administration officials over Superstorm Sandy aid have generated a wave of negative political fallout for a governor overwhelmingly re-elected in November and considered a top-tier Republican presidential hopeful in 2016 . Christie 's swagger and straight-shooting style had him riding high in the polls as late as December . He topped other potential GOP 2016 White House hopefuls in various surveys . But those numbers have faded as the scandal has intensified , according to a new CNN/ORC International survey . Christie trails Hillary Clinton by 16 percentage points in a hypothetical presidential match-up , a turnaround from December when he was up by 2 points . Opinion : Are clouds gathering for Christie ? Christie to appear at CPAC CNN 's Cassie Spodak , Paul Steinhauser , and Chris Frates contributed to this report .	NEW : Fort Lee mayor : "  I take it him at his word but it would appear ... a lot of folks do n't " Christie sticks to story that he first heard about lane closures from media reports Governor again says he was told initially the traffic mess was part of a traffic study CNN poll shows Christie support in potential presidential race slides
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africa 's police chief said Monday that violence directed at foreign nationals had killed 22 people over the past week . Police carry an unidentified Malawi national on an improvised stretcher after he was badly beaten in Reiger Park township . The attacks have been concentrated in Johannesburg 's poorest areas , and many of the victims were Zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances . The Nelson Mandela Foundation issued a statement condemning the "  senseless violence " that police say was sparked a week ago in Johannesburg 's Alexandra Township . "  We join the rest of South Africa in deploring this violence , " said Achmat Dangor , CEO of the Nelson Mandela Foundation , according to a statement released on Monday . "  Whatever the underlying causes they have to be addressed , but this senseless violence is not a solution . " Police said those behind the attacks accused the foreigners of stealing jobs , carrying out criminal activities and benefiting from social services -- such as free housing -- meant to benefit South Africans . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send photos , video Police arrested more than 200 people during the violence for offenses including rape , murder , robbery and theft . Police said at least one foreigner was burned alive over the weekend , while others had their houses torched , their shops looted and their possessions stolen . Many have sought refuge at police stations . Some women have told police they were raped as part of an effort to drive the immigrants out . South Africa 's police director Govindsamy Mariemuthoo said 22 people had been killed in the past week . The Red Cross estimates some 3,000 more were displaced . The attacks were concentrated in some of the poorest parts of South Africa where locals are jobless , hungry and in need of basic services such as clean water , sanitation and housing . South African President Thabo Mbeki called for an investigation into the violence . He has been reluctant to describe it as xenophobic because many South Africans have criticized his government for not doing enough to deal with the crisis in neighboring Zimbabwe . Zimbabwe is in the midst of an economic collapse , with nearly 80 percent unemployment and inflation estimated to be at 160,000 percent . In addition , it is also in a state of political limbo . A presidential runoff between long-time leader President Robert Mugabe and his opposition challenger Morgan Tsvangirai is scheduled for June 27 -- three months after the initial vote . Opposition leaders have accused the government of carrying out a campaign of political intimidation ahead of the runoff . The economic and political situation has seen an influx of Zimbabweans to South Africa , seeking a better life . Archbishop Desmond Tutu also condemned the violence and urged South Africans to remember the help that he and other anti-apartheid leaders received from neighboring countries . "  Although they were poor , they welcomed us South Africans as refugees , and allowed our liberation movements to have bases in their territory even if it meant those countries were going to be attacked by the SADF  South African Defense Forces  , " Tutu said . "  Please stop the violence now . This is not how we behave . These are our sisters and brothers . Please , please stop . " A South African military veterans ' group plans to mobilize soldiers who fought against the country 's former system of legalized racial separation "  to help educate the people ... about the role played by other African countries in securing South Africa 's freedom . " "  Many brave comrades paid the ultimate price on African soil , but never at the hands of the people of those countries , " according to a statement from the Military Veterans ' Association in the Western Cape province . "  In the light of these facts , the xenophobic attacks witnessed in Gauteng  Province  over the past week -- and previously , against refugee traders in Cape Town -- are totally repugnant . "	At least 22 people killed by mobs targeting foreigners in Johannesburg Police arrest more than 200 people for offenses including rape and murder Zimbabweans who have fled their own country are driven from squatter camps South Africa 's Archbishop Desmond Tutu condemns the attacks
CNN  -- Here 's the thing : Blaming Arizona is easy . In the wake of the terrible shooting at that congressional town hall meeting , it is simple to point to a rampant culture of easy gun access , intolerance , and anti-government fever and say , "  Sure , this man was unbalanced , but the wild winds of the Grand Canyon State blew him over the edge . " Just ask Pima County Sheriff Clarence Dupnik , who jumped into the fray with his reaction . "  Well , I think we 're the Tombstone of the United States of America , " he said , evoking his state 's storied history . "  We have become the Mecca for prejudice and bigotry . " Since then Dupnik has been assailed on TV , radio , and the internet as a grief-blinded malcontent by some conservatives , and praised as a clearsighted analyst by some liberals -- both sides armed with broad generalizations about Arizona . But having lived out West for 10 years , I have a generalization of my own : Pundits in the East often make pronouncements about the world beyond the Mississippi , when their on-the-ground experience with such places consists of campaign visits , speaking engagements , and skiing trips . In other words , they 're talking out of their Jackson Holes , if you know what I mean . So I thought I 'd look at some of the evidence to see if Arizona really has become unmoored from the rest of us -- a rogue state in which the unthinkable not only happens , but may be a byproduct of social and political unrest run amok . I started with guns . In August 2009 , President Obama spoke in Phoenix , only to find a guy outside the hall making off with the headlines by showing up with a semiautomatic rifle slung over his shoulder . He said he was exercising his Second Amendment rights . He picked the right place . Arizona has some of the nation 's most lenient gun laws . You can buy , possess and carry a handgun there far more easily than in most places , and gun-control advocates were plenty worried long before these killings . As Paul Helmke from the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence told me about the accused Arizona shooter , Jared Loughner , "  This individual broke no laws in purchasing the gun , broke no laws in carrying the gun , broke no laws in having an extended clip with 30 bullets in it . He did n't break a single law until he pulled the trigger ! " Gun-rights advocates counter that other places which have pioneered much more restrictive laws , such as the District of Columbia , still have higher violent crime rates . True . But the facts suggest that whatever problems Loughner faced , Arizona 's laws made sure that getting a gun was not one of them . Next , I looked at Arizona 's sociopolitical climate , which seems to be broadly accepted as one of the hottest in the country . Among the flashpoints : cuts for Medicaid transplants , Gov. Jan Brewer 's bizarre election claim that headless bodies were being found in the desert , and the always entertaining adventures of hell-for-leather lawman Sheriff Joe Arpaio . But the biggest one has been , and continues to be , illegal immigration . Last year 's controversial immigration law spurred protests , angry denunciations , and nationwide calls for a boycott . But often overlooked amid the noise : Polls found that a tremendous number of Americans all over agreed with the state 's actions . And for anyone who wants to paint Arizona as the poster child for intolerance , this is worth noting : The FBI reports that there were 274 hate crimes in Arizona in 2009 . That 's pretty robust , but on a per capita basis , the state of Washington had about the same , and Massachusetts was considerably worse . The Southern Poverty Law Center says Arizona has 10 active Patriot groups embracing extreme anti-government doctrines , and the Center 's Mark Potok has found echoes of Patriot ideology in Loughner 's rambling writings . "  The relationship is indirect , and it is filtered through a mind that is not right , " Potok tells me , but it is there . So is Arizona 's murky right-wing counterculture partially to blame for the shootings ? "  It does n't seem unreasonable to look at something like this and consider its provenance , " Potok says . Probably so . After all , the Oklahoma City bomber , Timothy McVeigh , believed his attack would spur a popular uprising against the government and that an army of fellow travelers was waiting in the wings ; and he did much of his planning while living in Arizona . The problem is almost half the states , according to the Center 's website , have as many or more Patriot groups , which would mean if we are going to connect these dots , that those states too are potential hotbeds in which violent , maybe mentally ill extremists could grow . For example , New York has 17 Patriot groups ; Michigan , 47 ; Texas , 52 . We reached out to one of Arizona 's most well-known Patriot groups , the Arizona Citizens Militia , which clearly portrays big government as an enemy and urges citizens to be prepared to defend their rights , their homes , whatever . Its website is packed with military imagery . These groups , in my experience , are notoriously media-shy and difficult to reach . And yet within minutes of my request for their views on the shooting , they sent this response : "  It makes your heart hurt for the entire country . This just keeps happening over and over again . The one common denominator seems to be that most of the shooters are mentally ill , but driven by current events . We do n't have any answer either . We 're just trying to do what we can to protect our country and our borders . " I suspect how people react to that message would tell me as much about the reader as it would about the writer . And maybe that 's the whole point . The facts suggest that Arizona does have difficulties ; certainly , it is near the upper end of states around which furious social and political debates are swirling . It is not unfair to consider that some of the language , actions , and laws connected to those debates can combine with a violent , deranged mind to produce awful consequences . But Arizona is far from alone . If the shots had been heard in any number of other states , we might also hear the same innuendoes that are now being sneered at Arizona . The viciousness of our public debates , the dirtiness of our politics , the anger of our people are not confined to one town , one state , or one region . They are everywhere . Only the degrees are different . How you see the facts on Arizona depends on how you come at them . As I said : Blaming Arizona is easy . But almost 7 million Americans live there , and all we know for certain is that one of them did something terribly wrong .	Some blame Arizona 's culture for shootings , Foreman writes , but is that realistic ? Arizona has very lenient gun laws , but places with stricter laws have higher crime rates Arizona 's rates of hate crimes , extremist groups are comparable to other states Anger , vicious political debate are found everywhere , Foreman says
London  CNN  -- Six women who climbed one of Europe 's tallest buildings Thursday in an effort to rally against Shell 's Arctic drilling plan have been arrested , according to London 's Metropolitan Police . They were arrested on suspicion of aggravated trespass and taken into custody , according to the police . The women from the environmental group Greenpeace said they dodged security guards around The Shard and , once on top , they planned "  to hang a huge work of art that captures the beauty " of the Arctic . It is believed the group first climbed onto the roof of London Bridge Station before accessing the outside of The Shard , the police said . Earlier Greenpeace issued a statement about the climbers . "  They expect the grueling project to take most of the day , " it read . "  The lead climbers are ` free climbing '  scaling the building without assistance  but are fixing safety ropes as they progress . They are carrying the huge work of art in backpacks and will install it this afternoon if they reach the summit . " The six started their climb of the 1,016-foot-tall skyscraper at dawn and were live streaming the climb . They opted to climb The Shard because it towers over the oil giant 's global headquarters on the South Bank of the Thames , according to the statement . "  Shell is leading the oil companies ' drive into the Arctic , investing billions in its Alaskan and Russian drilling programs , " it said . "  A worldwide movement of millions has sprung up to stop them , but Shell is refusing to abandon its plans . " The climbers are from the United Kingdom , Canada , Sweden , Poland , Holland and Belgium . The Shard released a statement saying it is working with authorities to ensure the climbers ' safety , reading , "  Our primary focus is on the safety of the protesters , and of the workers and visitors to our building , which remains open today . " Greenpeace 's environmental campaign aims to turn the area around the North Pole into a global sanctuary unavailable to industrialization . Shell defended its Arctic drilling . "  Oil and gas production from the Arctic is not new , " it said in a statement . "  The Arctic region currently produces about 10 % of the world 's oil and 25 % of its gas . If responsibly developed , Arctic energy resources can help offset supply constraints and maintain energy security for consumers throughout the world . " Regarding the protest , the oil giant said it respects the freedom of expression . "  We only ask that they do so with their safety and the safety of others , including Shell personnel and customers in mind , " Shell said .	London authorities : Six women who attempted climb arrested The women from Greenpeace said they dodged security guards Plan was "  to hang a huge work of art that captures the beauty " of the Arctic Greenpeace campaign aims to turn the area around the North Pole into a global sanctuary
CNN  -- The difficult question of where Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body would be laid to rest appears to have been settled . The remains of the slain Boston Marathon bombings suspect have been entombed thanks to a "  courageous and compassionate individual  who  came forward , " police in Worcester , Massachusetts , said Thursday . Police did not say where the remains were entombed but did say that they are "  no longer in the city of Worcester , " where the body had been at a funeral home while a relative and officials tried to determine what to do . The city 's police chief "  thanks the community that provided the burial site , " police said in a written statement . Tsarnaev 's mother , meanwhile , appeared confused by the announcement . Speaking to CNN from Russia by phone Thursday evening , Zubeidat Tsarnaev said she did n't know whether her son was buried or where . "  I have no idea what is going on , " she said . "  They say he is buried , and then he is not . It 's crazy .  I hear it 's been  authorized , and then it is not done yet . "  I am really sad , really dead inside . " Tsarnaev 's uncle Ruslan Tsarni confirmed Thursday afternoon that his nephew is buried outside of Massachusetts and that he has not told Tsarnaev 's parents where . He also said that there was no second autopsy : "  I did not do that , I did not do anything . " What would happen to the body of the man who , along with his younger brother , Dzhokhar , was accused of setting off two deadly explosions at the Boston Marathon on April 15 had been a nearly monthlong puzzle . What did suspect 's widow know ? The body of Tamerlan Tsarnaev , killed in a police pursuit days after the bombings , went unclaimed for nearly two weeks . The funeral home in Worcester -- about 40 miles west of downtown Boston -- eventually accepted the remains , and Tsarni worked with the funeral home on what to do next . Tsarni asked several cemeteries , including a Muslim site in Enfield , Connecticut , to take his nephew 's remains . Imam Mohamed Haidara , whose mosque oversees that cemetery , said Tsarnaev 's remains are not in that city . Enfield Town Manager Matt Coppler said Haidara assured him that Tsarnaev is not there . Picketers in Worcester made it clear they did n't want the body buried there , with one holding a sign that read , "  Bury the garbage in the landfill . " And the city manager of Cambridge , where Tsarnaev lived , said he would not allow Tsarnaev to be buried in the city , asserting that possible protests and media coverage would disrupt the community . Peter Stefan , owner of the Worcester funeral home , said earlier this week that managers of three cemeteries told him they feared reprisals . It also appeared that sending the body overseas was an unlikely option -- Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's parents in the Russian region of Dagestan said they would not fly his body back to Russia for burial , citing passport problems , spokeswoman Heda Saratova said . Tsarni said he is satisfied that the ordeal is over . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Paula Newton and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	NEW : Uncle says nephew is buried out of state and there was no second autopsy A "  courageous ... individual " stepped forward , Worcester police say Police have n't revealed the location where Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's body was entombed Tsarnaev , one of two Boston Marathon bombing suspects , was slain in a police pursuit
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy is moving a warship and a sea-based radar platform closer to the North Korean coast in order to monitor that country 's military moves , including possible new missile launches , a Defense Department official said Monday . The decision to move at least one ship , the destroyer USS John S. McCain , and the oil rig-like SBX-1 are the first of what may be other naval deployments , CNN has learned . They follow weeks of belligerent rhetoric from North Korea , including threats to use nuclear weapons . The United States and South Korea have gone ahead with joint military exercises despite the threats , and South Korea warned Monday that any provocative moves from North Korea would trigger a strong response "  without any political considerations . " The United States has bolstered the exercises with shows of force that included overflights by nuclear-capable B-2 stealth bombers , massive Cold War-era B-52s and F-22 Raptor stealth fighters . Read more : Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans "  If there is any provocation against South Korea and its people , there should be a strong response in initial combat without any political considerations , " South Korean President Park Geun-hye said at a meeting with senior defense and security officials , according to her office . Her comments came after North Korea rattled off fresh volleys of bombastic rhetoric over the weekend , declaring that it had entered a "  state of war " with the South and labeling the U.S. mainland a "  boiled pumpkin , " vulnerable to attack . The two Koreas are technically still at war after their conflict in the early 1950s ended in a truce not a peace treaty . The secretive regime of Kim Jong Un has delivered a steady stream of verbal attacks against South Korea and the United States in recent weeks , including the threat of a nuclear strike . It has lashed out at the U.S.-South Korean military drills currently under way and at the tougher U.N. sanctions that were slapped on it after its latest nuclear test in February . On Monday , Pentagon spokesman George Little warned against connecting the ship deployment to recent tensions on the Korean Peninsula . "  I would urge everyone to disconnect this ship deployment from recent military exercises in South Korea . We have regular ship movements in the Asia-Pacific region and we use our ship movements for any number of purposes , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Analysts have expressed heavy skepticism that the North has the military capabilities to follow through on many of its melodramatic threats . But concerns remain that it could carry out a localized attack on South Korea , as it did in November 2010 when it shelled Yeongpyeong Island , killing four people . Displays of strength The United States has sought to show its willingness to defend its South Korean ally by drawing attention to displays of its military strength during the drills taking place in South Korea . Washington 's recent announcements concerning practice flights over South Korea by B-52 bombers and B-2 stealth bombers , both of which can carry both conventional and nuclear weapons , have not been lost on Pyongyang , which has described them as acts of U.S. hostility . Read more : N Korea readying rockets to aim at U.S. targets There was no immediate reaction on North Korean state media Monday to the U.S. statement saying the stealth fighters , F-22 Raptors , were sent to the main U.S. Air Force Base in South Korea to support air drills in the annual Foal Eagle training exercises there . U.S. and South Korean officials have been trying to strike a balance between acknowledging that the North 's rhetoric is cause for concern and at the same time playing down the severity of the threat . Park said Monday that she was "  viewing the threat from North Korea in a serious manner . " But a senior U.S. Defense Department official said late last week that there were "  no indications at this point that it 's anything more than warmongering rhetoric . " And Little , the Pentagon spokesman said Monday that recent U.S. activities with South Korea "  have been about alliance assurance , about ensuring them that we are there to protect them . " "  We have n't seen any kind of troop movements on the North Korean side that would indicate imminent military action . So we think that things may be dialing down just a bit on the Korean Peninsula , at least we hope so , " he said . South Korea has noted that scores of its workers have continued in recent days to enter and leave the Kaesong Industrial Complex , a joint economic cooperation zone between the two Koreas situated on the North 's side of the border . That is despite Pyongyang cutting a key military hotline on the border and threatening to shut down the complex . Read more : Why N Korea regime is scary Moscow and Beijing call for calm The heightened tensions have prompted North Korea 's traditional allies , China and Russia , to urge the different sides to keep a lid on the situation . "  Moscow expects all parties to exercise as much responsibility and restraint as possible in light of North Korea 's latest statements , " the Russian foreign ministry said Saturday according to Russian state broadcaster Russia Today . China , which expressed frustration over Pyongyang 's most recent nuclear test , also called for calm . "  We hope relevant parties can work together to turn around the tense situation in the region , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said Friday , describing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula as "  a joint responsibility . " But the coming weeks appear laced with potential for more bouts of saber-rattling . North Korean delegates are currently gathered in Pyongyang for the Supreme People 's Assembly , the country 's rubber stamp parliament . And April 15 is the anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung , the nation 's founder and the grandfather of Kim Jong Un . That day , the biggest national holiday in North Korea , is usually marked by large-scale parades . Meanwhile , the U.S.-South Korean military exercises that have already stirred so much ire from the North are due to continue until the end of the month . Some analysts have noted that Pyongyang has carried out some sort of military provocation within weeks of every South Korean presidential inauguration . Park , the current president , took office on February 25 , five weeks ago . "  You ca n't put it past them the idea that they are ... trying to establish a new equilibrium in which they are accepted as a nuclear weapons state , " Victor Cha , former director of Asian affairs for the U.S. National Security Council and now a Georgetown University professor , said about North Korea . CNN 's Barbara Starr reported from Washington . K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from South Korea .	A Pentagon spokesman warns against connecting ship deployment to recent tensions South Korea warns North of "  strong response " to any attack U.S. deploys F-22s to South Korea as part of joint military exercises North Korea said it was entering a "  state of war " with the South
CNN  -- Let the math begin ! With every team having played two matches , it 's time to start computing every possible variable in which teams like the U.S. and Portugal can make it to the next round . Oh , if only the Americans were able to hold off the Portugese attack for 27 more seconds yesterday . Portugal could have hopped a flight with Spain back to the Iberian Peninsula . But alas , it was n't to be . While we lament and scribble scenarios into our spreadsheets , here are five things to ruminate over today about this spectacular but surprising World Cup . 1 . You 're going to need two screens this week That 's because the last games of the group stages are played concurrently -- meaning , two games at the same time . It all began in 1982 when Algeria was on the verge of making the knockout rounds . Also in their group that year was West Germany and Austria . When they played , the Germans scored . The 1-0 result good enough to send both the Germans and the Austrians through . So , the two teams basically stopped competing . Had Germany scored two more goals  or lost  , Algeria would have advanced .  It has to do with goal difference Both Austria and Germany said , "  No , not us . We did n't cheat . " But get this , there were no shots in the final 80 minutes ! So , FIFA wised up . And the next World Cup saw the first simultaneous matches for the last days of group play . On Thursday , the U.S. and Germany already know a 0-0 draw would get both through , so you do n't think ... ? Nah , winning the group is too important . 2 . There 's a lot at stake today  read : pride Let 's go through today 's matches one by one - Netherlands v Chile : If you 're going to fixate on one match today , this is it . Both teams are phenomenal . Both are already going through . The only question is , which will top Group B ? Bragging rights are a good enough reason to put up a great fight . Brazil v. Cameroon : Cameroon is playing to not finish 32nd in a 32-team field . The Indomitable Lions ? They 've been more like The Skittish Kitties . Brazil has n't exactly set the field on fire either with its performance so far . Still , there 's no doubt this matchup is one they 'll handily win . Spain v Australia : Oh how the mighty have fallen . Defending champs Spain have already been knocked out of the contest . So this encounter is basically a test to see if it can salvage some of its pride . Croatia v. Mexico : Croatia needs to score to advance to the next round . Not gon na be easy with Mexican goalie Guillermo Ochoa in the way . He 's shut out Brazil and Cameroon , and inspired memes like the one where , Ochoa as Gandalf , stands before the goal proclaiming , "  You shall not pass . " 3 . That putrid racism in soccer ? Yup , still there FIFA is not happy after pictures surfaced of two men who showed up to the Germany v. Ghana game in blackface and "  Ghana " written on their shirts . Oh , at the same game , a Nazi sympathizer ran onto the field . Such a pity because the second half of Saturday 's 2-2 draw was , in our opinion , the best 45 minutes of soccer in this tournament . 4 . Do n't rule the U.S. out just yet If only the U.S. could have held on for a few more seconds . But it could n't yesterday . And Portugal made history by racing down field and scoring what ESPN said was the latest World Cup goal ever in regulation . You 'd think Portugal would be elated , but Cristiano Ronaldo 's reaction to the dramatic equalizer was telling . He just looked down at the ground and walked back to midfield . Portugal really needed a win after putting itself in an impossible hole with a 4-0 loss in its opening match against Germany . So how will Group G play out ? Germany and the U.S. each have four points , while Portugal and Ghana each have one . The Americans would prefer to just beat Germany , which would win the group . But if the Americans and Germans draw , both go through as they would if Ghana and Portugal tie . But if there are winners in each match , the loser of U.S.-Germany and the winner of Ghana-Portugal will go to tiebreakers , the first of which is goal differential . Confused ? Let 's simplify it for you . Just hope the U.S. wins or draws against Germany . 5 . What does the fox say ? Gooooal ! How about them Desert Foxes ? Algeria 's on the verge of qualifying for the knockout round after a 4-2 victory over South Korea yesterday . Four goals for a country that had n't scored at the finals in 28 years , had n't won a match in 32 . You know how many African teams has scored four goals in a World Cup match ? Zero , until now . As for the Russia-Belgium affair , the less said the better . The Belgians looked tepid for 88 minutes before one of its youngest players scored the lone goal . You know what you call a match that does n't have a lot of shots ? Belgium 's coach called it "  highly tactical affair . "	Monday brings two sets of two matches played at the same time In 1982 , Algeria was denied a Round of 16 appearance after a shady match FIFA looks into pictures of white men with black faces Slumping Lions appear to be easy prey for Brazil
Dublin , Ireland  CNN  -- The situation in Syria is accelerating , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Thursday , amid reports that President Bashar al-Assad 's government may be preparing to use chemical weapons . "  Events on the ground in Syria are accelerating , and we see that in many different ways . The pressure against the regime in and around Damascus seems to be increasing , " Clinton said before meeting with Russia 's foreign minister and the U.N. special envoy to Syria . Chemical weapons were one topic on the table , said Clinton , who met with the leaders while she was in Dublin for an international security conference . U.S. officials are "  very concerned " that al-Assad 's forces may use chemical weapons as rebels advance , U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta told reporters in Washington Thursday . "  The intelligence that we have raises serious concerns that this is being considered , " he said . The defense secretary did not provide additional details about the intelligence information . CNN reported Monday that Syrian forces battling rebels in fierce fighting had started combining chemicals that could be used to make deadly sarin gas for weapons . NBC reported Wednesday night that Syria is loading chemical weapons into bombs . CNN has not confirmed the NBC report . Read more : Syrian family hides from attacks Syrian Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad rejected the suggestion Thursday . "  Syria would never use chemical weapons , even if it had them , against its own people , " he told Hezbollah 's Al-Manar TV . He also warned that any foreign intervention against Syria would be "  catastrophic " for the entire region . In Dublin Thursday , U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi said leaders were focused on a peace process to "  get Syria back from the brink . " "  We have agreed that the situation is bad and we have agreed that we must continue to work together to see how we can find creative ways of bringing this problem under control and hopefully starting to solve it , " he told reporters after his meeting with Clinton and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov . Russia has blocked action against al-Assad at the United Nations , but some have speculated that Moscow may be considering a different approach . On Thursday , a top Russian politician said the Syrian government "  is not up to the task " of doing its job and can not "  fulfill its functions , " the Interfax news agency reported . Russian State Duma Deputy Speaker Vladimir Vasiliev said Russia wanted to create conditions where security forces inside Syria would take the situation under control , but Russia 's "  influence with the Syrian leadership has been limited . " The comments from a close ally of President Vladimir Putin came at a time when diplomats say Moscow , which has insisted there should be no "  regime change " in Syria , now increasingly doubts that al-Assad can survive in power . Diplomatic efforts to help end the 21-month conflict , which opposition activists say has claimed more than 42,000 lives , have so far failed . At least 89 people died Thursday , most of them in Damascus and Aleppo , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . Clinton and Lavrov previously worked out a plan to try to end the fighting , but that plan ultimately stalled . That plan , negotiated in June in Geneva , proposed the creation of a transitional government along with al-Assad leaving office . But Russia later balked at any U.N. Security Council measure that would include sanctions or military action . Clinton insisted any U.N. resolution "  have teeth . " The United States has also expressed concerns about the increasing radicalization of some armed factions of the opposition and is moving toward declaring al-Nusra Front a terrorist organization . Such groups present a dilemma for the United States . Al-Nusra Front , officials say , has ruthless and effective fighters that are spearheading gains against al-Assad 's weakening forces . Assad may be seeking asylum But the stronger the radical groups become , the more the United States worries that the fighting -- not political efforts to find a solution -- will decide the outcome in Syria . As a result , Washington has been pushing the opposition to unite . That process is unfolding with the recent creation of the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces . Early next week , Clinton will travel to Marrakesh , Morocco , for a meeting of the Friends of the Syrian People , a gathering of countries that support the political transition . The Obama administration , while providing , for now , non-lethal assistance , is expected to take the first steps toward officially recognizing the National Coalition at that meeting . Clinton also reiterated Wednesday the strong U.S. position set out by President Barack Obama on Monday over any possible use by Syria of chemical weapons . She said the international community is sending a clear message to Damascus . "  Our concerns are that an increasingly desperate Assad regime might turn to chemical weapons or might lose control of them to one of the many groups that are now operating within Syria , " she said . "  And so , as part of the absolute unity that we all have on this issue , we have sent an unmistakable message that this would cross a red line and those responsible would be held to account . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said on a visit to Baghdad Thursday that he had expressed his "  gravest concerns " to Syria 's government over any use of chemical weapons and had written directly to al-Assad . He warned that anyone responsible for the use of chemical weapons would face serious consequences . Ban is to meet with the head of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in Baghdad to discuss how it can work with the United Nations on the issue . Read more : Aleppo residents find little left NATO foreign ministers agreed this week to a request by Turkey for Patriot missiles to be deployed along its border to bolster its air defenses against potential Syrian threats . Errant Syrian artillery shells struck the Turkish border town of Akcakale and killed five Turkish civilians in October . Early Thursday , the German Cabinet agreed to send Patriot missiles and up to 400 soldiers to Turkey to deter the Syrian civil war from spilling into the country . Germany 's parliament will vote on the deployment next week , the foreign ministry said . In addition to Germany , the United States and Netherlands , both of which have Patriot capabilities , have signaled they would be willing to contribute missiles . "  Any deployment will be defensive only . It will in no way support a no-fly zone or any offensive operation , " the NATO statement said . NATO 's decision was made as the fears surfaced that the Assad regime might be preparing to use chemical weapons . "  The Syrian stockpiles of chemical weapons are a matter of great concern , " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . "  We know that Syria possesses missiles . We know they have chemical weapons and , of course , they also have to be included in our calculations , " he said . "  And this is also the reason why it is a matter of urgency to ensure effective defense and protection of our ally Turkey . " In the United States , Republican Sen. John McCain said Thursday that time may be running out . "  If true , these reports may mean that the United States and our allies are facing the prospect of an imminent use of weapons of mass destruction in Syria , and this may be the last warning we get , " McCain said . "  The time for talking about what to do may now be coming to a close and we may instead be left with an awful and very difficult decision . " Opinion : Rape is shredding Syria 's social fabric CNN Foreign Affairs Correspondent Jill Dougherty reported from Dublin , Diana Magnay reported from Berlin , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote this story in London . CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed from Atlanta .	NEW : At least 89 people are killed across Syria Thursday , opposition activists say NEW : Panetta says intelligence "  raises serious concerns " about chemical weapons A top Russian politician says Syria "  is not up to the task " to do its job Clinton meets with the U.N. special envoy to Syria and Russia 's foreign minister
CNN  -- Kathryn Joosten , the Emmy-award-winning actress known for her roles on "  The West Wing " and "  Desperate Housewives , " died Saturday after a lengthy struggle with lung cancer , her family said . She was 72 . "  Kathryn succumbed to her 11-year battle with lung cancer today ... surrounded by love and humor till the end , " her family said in a statement . "  We are laughing through our tears . We love you , Kathy , thanks for everything . " Joosten 's acting credits date to 1984 and included roles on TV sitcoms such as "  Scrubs , " "  Dharma and Greg " and "  Ally McBeal . " She also appeared in movies such as "  Wedding Crashers " and "  Bedtime Stories , " according to the Internet Movie Database . Her big break came in 1999 , when she appeared as President Jed Bartlett 's secretary Dolores Landingham on the critically acclaimed drama series , "  The West Wing . " Her character died in a car crash in the 2001 season . After several more productive years , in 2005 Joosten landed the role of Karen McCluskey -- the crusty , older neighbor living among a roster of beautiful , if often troubled women on Wisteria Lane in "  Desperate Housewives . " Joosten 's performance earned her two Emmy awards , in 2005 and 2008 , for outstanding guest actress in a comedy series . Off the set , her life was defined by her family and , more recently , her bout with lung cancer . According to information from her publicist Nadine Jolson , Joosten embraced the "  Desperate Housewives " plot that called for her to be diagnosed with -- and eventually succumb to -- lung cancer in the series ' final season . "  I have no fear of delving into this storyline , " Joosten said . "  This is a terrific idea to get the word out there and bring lung cancer awareness into the spotlight . " The actress ' death stirred swift responses from many of her friends in Hollywood . "  Goodbye Kathryn ; our beloved Mrs. Landingham , " Rob Lowe , who knew Joosten from "  The West Wing , " wrote on Twitter . "  You will never truly be gone , film is forever . " Added Felicity Huffman , who played Lynette Scavo on "  Desperate Housewives , " "  Rest in peace , she was an amazing woman and a wonderful actress . " Joosten is survived by her two sons , Jonathan and Timothy , and two grandsons .	Kathryn Joosten dies Saturday after an 11-year battle with lung cancer , her family says She was on "  The West Wing " and won 2 Emmys for her role on "  Desperate Housewives " "  You will never truly be gone , film is forever , " actor Rob Lowe says
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Lined up next to Pittsburgh police officers protecting a downtown office building Thursday morning were officers who traveled a little farther to get to work . Police officers from Tucson , Arizona , left , talk with a Pittsburgh officer Thursday outside the G-20 summit . About 2,000 miles farther . Thirty-six officers from the Tucson , Arizona , Police Department are in Pittsburgh as part of the G-20 security force . They were asked to assist by Pittsburgh officials as part of a Department of Homeland Security rapid response team . Officers from departments in several cities , including Cleveland , Ohio ; Miami Metro Dade , Florida ; Baltimore , Maryland ; and Chicago , Illinois , were sworn in as part of the massive security effort , but Tucson wins the prize for the greatest distance traveled . Watch how Pittsburgh has prepared for protests " "  There 's a standardization in training , " Tucson Lt. Paul Sayre said . Departments brought in to assist have undergone similar preparations in techniques and crowd control . The Arizona officers were asked to come to Pittsburgh after taking part in the protection effort at the Republican National Convention in 2008 in St. Paul , Minnesota . The downtown Pittsburgh street on a morning with temperatures in the 50s was nothing like a typical day for the officers . "  It 's a different environment , " Sayre said -- but the job was the same . "  We 're excited to be here . It 's a lot of fun . " "  Our role is to support Pittsburgh , " said Capt. Perry Tarrant , commanding the Tucson team . The additional help protecting downtown locations "  gives Pittsburgh the flexibility to send its officers where needed , " Sayre said .	Police officers from around country join G-20 security effort in Pittsburgh Departments involved include Miami , Florida , and Baltimore , Maryland Cops from Tucson , Arizona , find chilly temps a change , but say "  It 's a lot of fun "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson 's battle for control of her pop star son 's estate is about to take a "  new direction " based on "  new evidence " uncovered by the family , a Jackson family lawyer said . Katherine Jackson , with Michael in 2005 , is challenging the appointment of Michael 's estate trustees . The revelation came from attorney Londell McMillan , who also corrected a report that he was one of the lawyers Katherine Jackson replaced Thursday . McMillan pointed to questions about the authenticity of the signature on Michael Jackson 's will as reported this week by celebrity gossip Web site TMZ . Randy Jackson said his brother could not have signed the will -- which was dated July 7 , 2002 , in Los Angeles -- because he was in New York that day , according to the TMZ report . Until now , the Jacksons have not challenged the will 's authenticity in court . Katherine Jackson 's objections , instead , have centered on what her lawyers said were possible conflicts of interest by the two men named in the will as executors . She replaced the two lawyers who were handling the probate case Thursday with Adam Streisand , an estate litigation lawyer whose past clients have included the estates of Marlon Brando and Ray Charles . "  The case is now moving in a different direction , and the family thought it was best to bring on Adam Streisand 's law firm , " McMillan said . "  The evidence precipitated the change and the need to take it in a new direction . " Contrary to statements made at court Thursday , McMillan was not one of the lawyers replaced , Katherine Jackson said Friday . "  Londell McMillan remains my personal attorney and counsel , " she said in a written statement . "  Despite false reports , he was never replaced or terminated . " The Jackson estate is currently controlled by John Branca and John McClain , who would become permanent executors unless Jackson 's will is challenged . Katherine Jackson 's legal team has asked that a member of the Jackson family "  have a seat at the table " as a third executor . Under the 2002 will , Michael Jackson 's three children and his mother are the chief beneficiaries of his estate , while unnamed charities will share in 20 percent of the wealth .	"  The case is now moving in a different direction , " attorney Londell McMillan said Randy Jackson said his brother could not have signed the will , TMZ reports Contrary to statements made Thursday , McMillan was not replaced
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It is still remembered as one of the worst days in the history of modern sailing . The Fastnet race still remains one of the biggest events in the yachting calendar . Yet the Fastnet tragedy of 1979 in which 15 people were killed and ex-British leader Edward Heath went missing helped to usher in a new era of improved safety in the sport . It was 30 years ago today that a freak storm struck over 300 vessels competing in the 600-mile yacht race between England and Ireland . Mountainous seas and vicious high winds sunk or put out of action 25 boats . The British rescue attempt turned into an international effort with a Dutch warship and trawlers from France also joining the search . In spite of the biggest rescue operation launched by the UK authorities since the Second World War a total of 15 people died . Some of them drowned and others succumbed to hypothermia . Six of those lost went missing after their safety harnesses broke . "  It was a catastrophic event that had far-reaching consequences for the sport , the biggest of which was in the design and safety of the boats , " Rodger Witt , editor of the UK-based magazine Sailing Today told CNN . "  Most people in the sailing community at the time knew someone who was involved in one way or another . I had a friend who lost his father . It was devastating . " In total 69 yachts did not finish the race . The former British prime minister , Edward Heath disappeared at the height of the storm , though he later returned to shore safe from harm . The corrected-time winner of the race was the yacht "  Tenacious " , owned and skippered by Ted Turner , the founder of CNN . Witt said that in the aftermath of the disaster the rules governing racing were tightened to ensure boats carried more ballast . Improvements were also made to the safety harnesses that tied crewmen to their boats , many of which proved ineffective in the tragedy . It also became mandatory for all yachts to be fitted with radio communication equipment and all competitors were expected to hold sailing qualifications to take part . At the time of the tragedy the Fastnet race was the last in a series of five races which made up the Admiral 's Cup competition , the world championship of yacht racing . Competitors from around the globe attempted the route which sets off from the Isle of Wight , off the English south coast , and rounds the Fastnet rock on the southeast coast of Ireland . Roger Ware was in charge of handling press for the event on behalf of the organizers , the Royal Ocean Racing Club . Ware said that even today the tragedy "  still spooks me . " The racers set off on a Saturday but it was n't till three days later that the authorities in the English coastal town of Plymouth realized there was a problem . The press team was based at the Duke of Cornwall hotel in Plymouth and early Tuesday morning Ware got a call from his superiors to go to the hotel immediately in order to field calls from journalists . "  The night before we 'd noticed high winds but there 'd been no forecast of bad weather so we did n't think much of it , " Ware told CNN . "  As the morning progressed though , we heard that more and more boats were missing . It became obvious a tragedy was unfolding . " Ware said the worst part for him was fielding calls from concerned relatives . "  The Royal Ocean Racing Club headquarters was overloaded so calls were getting transferred to the press team . "  I found myself talking to a woman whose husband I knew was in one of the boats where there 'd been fatalities . I could n't give her the information she wanted and to this day I still think about that telephone call . "	The 1979 Fastnet race ended in tragedy after a freak storm hit competitors In all 15 people died and the ex-British leader Edward Heath went missing for a time The disaster resulted in a raft of new safety rules introduced into the sport
CNN  Members of New Ways Ministry -- an advocacy group for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered Catholics -- have made three pilgrimages to the Vatican , under three different popes . But only once have they been treated like VIPs . That 's the treatment the roughly 50 members of the Maryland-based group got -- much to their surprise -- for Pope Francis ' weekly address Wednesday in St. Peter 's Square , according to Francis DeBernardo , the group 's executive director . "  It 's really an incredible honor and an incredible step forward for the LGBT community to be recognized , " he told CNN from Rome . DeBernardo would still like to see more changes from the Catholic hierarchy and the Pontiff , like shifts in their official positions in support of same-sex marriage and adoption of children by gay and lesbian couples . And even Wednesday , New Ways Ministry was recognized simply as a lay group of Catholics , not one that speaks for the LGBT community . The Vatican did n't grant members ' request for a special private audience with Francis , nor did anyone acknowledge their calling out to him that "  we are gay and lesbian Catholics , " DeBernardo said . Still , the fact that they were recognized at all was a positive for the New Ways Ministry leader . So , too , was their special seating Wednesday -- on the same level as the Pope , something they did n't know about until they got their tickets  which were arranged by Vatican officials  on Tuesday night . This experience was much different for New Ways Ministry , which has been around for 38 years , than its earlier Vatican visits when Benedict XVI and John Paul II were in office . "  We were basically ignored by them , " DeBernardo said . "  So not just to be acknowledged , but to be acknowledged in such an honorable way , is  good  . " Not much about the Roman Catholic church 's official stances on LGBT issues has changed since Argentinian Bishop Jorge Mario Bergoglio became Pope in March 2013 . But there has been a noticeable shift in tone . This became evident a few months after Francis ' election , when he was asked during a wide-ranging news conference about his stance on gays and lesbians , including gay priests . "  If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will , who am I to judge ? " the Pope said . A few months later , Francis said church officials have the right to express opinions but not to "  interfere spiritually " in the lives of gays and lesbians . This reflected his larger push to make the church more welcoming and open , and less focused on sometimes divisive social issues . Speaking about this shift , DeBernardo said Francis "  has given people a lot of hope ,  though  I do n't think he 's a pope that 's going to make the big changes that we 'd like to see . " "  But , " DeBernardo added , "  he is a pope who is opening up a discussion . "	A U.S.-based ministry for LGBT Catholics attends Pope Francis ' weekly address They get VIP seating from the Vatican , the group 's executive director says He adds : Pope Francis may not shift policies , but he is "  opening up a discussion "
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic triumphed in one of Wimbledon 's classic matches and Andy Murray subdued the challenge of a young upstart Friday to set up a dream final showdown at the grass court grand slam . World No. 1 Djokovic needed four hours 43 minutes , the longest men 's singles semifinal in the tournament 's history , to beat Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro , 7-5 4-6 7-6 6-7 6-3 . Home favorite and second seed Murray won a gripping , but at times controversial , last four clash with Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz , 6-7 6-4 6-4 6-3 to join him in the title match . It will be their fourth clash in a grand slam final , the last won by Djokovic in the Australian Open earlier this year . The top seed was involved in the match of the tournament , marked by breathtaking and grueling rallies , none more so than when Djokovic had the first of his chances to win as he led 6-4 in the fourth set tiebreak , holding two match points . An incredible 24-shot exchange ended with Djokovic hitting long and former U.S. Open champion del Potro took advantage to win the next three points , including the second match point , to force the decider . The pace was unrelenting and Del Potro finally cracked in the eighth game , conceding his service to leave 2011 champion Djokovic to serve for his place in the final . Del Potro was still not finished and forced a break point , but Djokovic was not to be denied and closed out victory on his third match point with a backhand winner . "  It was one of the best matches I have been part of , one of the most exciting , it was so close , " he told BBC Sport . "  That 's why he 's a grand slam champion , he came up with some unbelievable shots "  I 'm very proud to go through . When I lost the fourth set of course it was disappointing because I was close to winning and did n't capitalize . "  He came up with some big forehands . It was a very high level of tennis , " he added . Del Potro , apparently nursing an injury , had beaten Djokovic in the 2012 London Olympics bronze medal match on Wimbledon grass , and sensed another upset . After Djokovic took the first set on a single break of service in the 12th game , eighth seed del Potro hit back to level by claiming his opponent 's service for the first time . The third set was again played at a high intensity and Djokovic had three points to take it as he led 6-5 , but again del Potro responded to force a tiebreak . Djokovic moved ahead again by dominating it for the loss of just two points and when he broke to lead 4-3 in the fourth it looked all over . But that was to underestimate del Potro and in the next game he bravely leveled before his tiebreak heroics which will be long remembered . Long wait All the time Murray and his 24th seeded opponent Janowicz were waiting and by the time they emerged on Centre Court it was early evening . The 22-year-old Janowicz signaled he was not going to roll over with confident play in the first set and when it went to the tiebreak he took control to win it 7-2 . Murray gained the early break in the second set and eventually leveled at one set apiece . But with Janowicz again powering ahead to 4-1 in the third set , the alarm bells were ringing for the Scot . But showing great character and finally inspiring the crowd into raucous mood , he blasted through the next five games to take the set . With light fading and following continuous complaints from Janowicz , referee Andrew Jarrett ordered the roof to be closed , meaning a delay of 20 minutes . Angry Murray Murray , with the momentum behind him , was outraged and loudly complained to the officials -- "  That 's not fair , " he said . He later revealed that Janowicz , who has soared up the rankings since reaching last year 's Paris Masters final , had spent the delay making a mobile phone call . "  He seemed very relaxed . That 's the sort of player he is , that 's why he is very loose on the court , " was Murray 's verdict . When they emerged for the second time , Murray almost immediately broke Janowicz 's service and saw it through to the finish , winning with a whipped forehand to reach his second straight Wimbledon final .	Serbia 's Novak Djokovic to play Andy Murray in Wimbledon final Djokovic beats Juan Martin del Potro in marathon semifinal World No. 1 wins 7-5 4-6 7-6 6-7 6-3 in four hours 43 minutes Home hope Andy Murray needs four sets to beat Jerzy Janowicz
CNN  -- A fire swept through a hotel early Friday in a resort in the northern Philippines , killing six people including some U.S. citizens . Two Americans , one South Korean and another foreigner whose nationality is yet to be established are among the dead , the owner of the hotel , David Fischer , said by phone . Authorities had initially suggested three Americans were believed to be among the dead . Fischer said the fire began around 2 a.m. local time on the ground floor of the Dryden Hotel , which is in a nightlife district of Olongapo City , the site of a former U.S. Naval base situated west of the Philippine capital , Manila . The flames destroyed seven bedrooms , as well as a set of offices , a communications center and a computer room , he added . The six victims were all killed by smoke inhalation , according to Fischer , five of them in their rooms and one in the process of trying to escape . Investigators are still looking into the cause of the blaze , but Fischer said initial signs suggested it may have been an electrical fire . Police are trying to identify the victims ' remains , as their identification documents were burned in the fire , said a local fire investigator , Jose Borlagdatan . CNN 's Brian Walker and Jessica King reported from Atlanta , Georgia . CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta , Indonesia , contributed to this report .	NEW : 2 Americans and one South Korean are among the dead , the hotel owner says NEW : The nationality of a fourth foreigner killed is yet to be established , he says NEW : They died from smoke inhalation from a blaze that began on ground floor It took place at a hotel in Olongapo City , the site of a former U.S. Naval base
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama used the annual White House Iftar dinner Monday evening to briefly discuss the crises unfolding in the Mideast . "  Even as we celebrate all that we have in common , we know that in too many corners of the world , we see violence and terror , and those who would destroy rather than build , " he said . The White House Iftar dinner was started by former President Bill Clinton . President George W. Bush continued the tradition after the 9-11 terror attacks . President Obama has also continued to host them . The dinner is meant to honor Muslims who are celebrating the end of a day of fasting during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . On the growing conflict between Israel and Palestinians in Gaza , the President staunchly defended Israel 's right to defend its borders . "  No country can accept rockets fired indiscriminately at citizens , " Obama said . "  And so we 've been very clear that Israel has the right to defend itself against what I consider to be inexcusable attacks from Hamas . " He added , though , that "  the death and injury of Palestinians is a tragedy , which is why we 've emphasized the need to protect civilians . " The President also said , "  The pictures we are seeing in Gaza and Israel are heart wrenching . " He pushed for both sides to come back to the negotiating table and described a new plan offered by Egypt as "  promising , " saying he hopes it "  will restore the calm that we 've been seeking . " He said Americans "  care deeply about what is happening there , and I know there are strong views as well as differences about how we should move forward . "  Our goal has been and continues to be peace and security for both Israelis and Palestinians . " Obama also restated his administration 's policy on Syria , telling those gathered that , "  the Assad regime continues its brutality against the Syrian people and so we continue to help Syrians stand up to -LSB- President Bashar al - -RSB- Assad and deal with the humanitarian crisis and push back against extremists . " On Iraq , Obama said , "  We continue to call for a new government that can unite Iraqis and show all communities in Iraq that they can advance their aspirations through the political process . " Earlier , several dozen protesters gathered outside the White House to call on Arab leaders to boycott the dinner , saying the administration was unfairly taking Israel 's side in the Gaza conflict .	The annual Iftar dinner honors Muslims during the holy month of Ramadan President Obama staunchly defends Israel 's right to defend its borders He adds that "  the death and injury of Palestinians is a tragedy " Obama also addresses the civil wars in Syria and Iraq
London  CNN  -- The former British Prime Minister , Sir John Major , has credited the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , William and Catherine , with reinvigorating interest in the British monarchy . Speaking about the couple 's wedding last year he told CNN : "  It was a truly lovely day and I think the whole world saw that . And of course , that helps . " Major also acted as a guardian for Prince William 's interests after his mother died and maintains close links with the monarchy . In 2005 he was made a Knight of the Garter which is the highest honor the Queen can bestow . Major told CNN : "  People see that iconic figures -- whom they see only at a distance and they perhaps never meet -- have the same emotions , same feelings , the same cares , the same loves that they have in their own lives . I think the Royal Family has communicated that better in the last couple of decades than perhaps at any earlier time in our history and it has had an impact . " Major notes how Prince William in particular has helped modernize the family 's image : "  People are very happy with the way he has risen to the challenges he faced and I think even more than that , they see him as a very human individual and I think that is very important . " William is a search and rescue pilot for the Royal Air Force and must decide soon if he wants to stay on in the service for another three years . "  I think his service career is something that matters a very great deal to him , as it does to Prince Harry . So I think he is well aware of the responsibilities that lie ahead but there 's a greater freedom these days for members of the Royal Family to pursue their own lives than perhaps there has been sometimes in the past and in the case of Prince William , he 's pursuing that in terms of his military career , " Major said . And what of the newest addition to the royal family ? "  I think that Catherine has been faultless so far and I think the whole world has seen that , " says Major . A royal source told CNN last month that Queen Elizabeth II has given the Duchess of Cambridge a lot of time as she settles in to the family . Major adds : "  Of course she wants her grandson and her grandson 's wife to be successful and of course she offers help and they 'd be foolish not to take it . Now plainly , one can , even looking from the outside , see what a good relationship actually exists there and one forgets sometimes . " The former prime minister says the Catherine has handled the pressure of her high profile brilliantly . "  It is n't easy -- suddenly to find yourself the focus of world attention , to find whatever you do is the subject of publicity , whatever you wear is the subject of comment . It 's not easy at all . It 's a tremendous imposition suddenly . It takes a lot to get used to but she has very good advice and I think she has handled it as well as it could possibly have been handled . " When I asked the former prime minister if she was a natural , her replied : "  Oh I think she 's a natural . Do n't you ? "	Former British PM impressed by young royals John Major tells CNN : I think that Catherine has been faultless so far He says Prince William is helping modernize the family 's image
CNN  -- Can a movie actually convince you to support torture ? Can a movie really persuade you that "  fracking " -- a process used to drill for natural gas -- is a danger to the environment ? Can a movie truly cause you to view certain minority groups in a negative light ? Some scoff at the notion that movies do anything more than entertain . They are wrong . Sure , it 's unlikely that one movie alone will change your views on issues of magnitude . But a movie  or TV show  can begin your "  education " or "  miseducation " on a topic . And for those already agreeing with the film 's thesis , it can further entrench your views . Anyone who doubts the potential influence that movies can have on public opinion need to look no further than two films that are causing an uproar even before they have opened nationwide . They present hot button issues that manage to fire up people from the left and right . The first , "  Zero Dark Thirty , " is about the pursuit and killing of Osama bin Laden , which features scenes of torture . The second , "  Promised Land , " stars Matt Damon and explores how the use of fracking to drill for natural gas can pose health and environmental dangers . Critics of "  Zero Dark Thirty " fear that audiences will accept as true the film 's story line that torture was effective in eliciting information to locate bin Laden . They are rightfully concerned that the film will sway some to become more receptive or even supportive of the idea of torturing prisoners . Peter Bergen : Did torture really net bin Laden ? Opposition to the film escalated last week as three senior U.S. senators -- John McCain , Carl Levin and Dianne Feinstein -- sent a letter to the film 's distributor , Sony Pictures , characterizing the film 's use of torture as "  grossly inaccurate and misleading . " The senators bluntly informed Sony Pictures that it has "  an obligation to state that the role of torture in the hunt for Osama bin Laden is not based on the facts , but rather part of the film 's fictional narrative . " The hostility toward "  Promised Land " shows us that it 's not just politicians who complain about movie messages . Big business -- namely , the gas industry -- is aggressively objecting to the allegation in "  Promised Land " that fracking poses environmental and health risks . How concerned is the gas industry ? It has set up a rapid response team to counter publicity for the film by using two Washington-based groups that lobby for gas and oil companies : the Independent Petroleum Association of America and Energy in Depth . These groups have scrutinized appearances by the films stars on talk shows , questioned who the financiers of the film are , published parts of the script and mocked the film on social media . Energy in Depth went as far as to "  fact check " a recent appearance by the film 's co-star and co-writer , John Krasinski , on "  Late Night With David Letterman . " Within hours of Krasinski 's appearance , Energy in Depth posted a blog on its website pointing out what it perceived as factual errors made by Krasinski about fracking . Regardless of whether "  Zero Dark Thirty " and "  Promised Land " intended to promote any message , people who watch them will be "  educated " in some way on torture and fracking -- even if very subtly . This is the same reason that minority groups continue to object to being represented in a negative light in movies and TV . They understand that accurate representations matter because studies have shown that biases can form based on stereotypes or inaccurate representations .  Being of Italian and Arab descent , I 'm acutely aware of this issue as my respective heritages have been represented by a parade of mobsters and terrorists . What 's Hollywood 's role in all of this ? The same as it has always been -- to make money . In fact , there 's no doubt that the studios behind these movies are overjoyed at the controversy that has erupted and the resulting free press . Indeed , the response of Sony Pictures to the uproar over "  Zero Dark Thirty " tells you about what they really hope we will all do : "  We encourage people to see the film before characterizing it . " So go ahead , enjoy these films and ones like them that are based on actual events or current hot issues . But while you are watching them , be aware you might be getting more than the price of ticket . You might also be getting a  mis  education . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : A movie or TV show can educate or  mis  educate you Obeidallah : Two new films about hot issues are firing up both the left and right Senators slammed "  Zero Dark Thirty , " and energy industry attacked "  Promised Land " Obeidallah : What does Hollywood want ? To make money , of course
CNN  -- In recent days , President Barack Obama has applauded efforts to bring former Serb Gen. Ratko Mladic and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi before international courts . It 's another indication his administration is more willing than its predecessors to promote the role of international justice in prosecuting those accused of gross human rights abuses . But do n't expect the U.S. to sign up to the International Criminal Court anytime soon . The ICC prosecutes individuals accused of crimes against humanity , war crimes , crimes of aggression and genocide . It was set up at an international conference in 1998 and came into being in 2002 . Since then , 115 states have ratified the treaty -- though the United States , Russia , China and Israel are not among them . Its very existence has long been a combustible issue in the United States . President Clinton signed the treaty establishing the ICC on January 3 , 2000 -- the last day it was open for signature . But at the same time he said he would "  not recommend that my successor submit the treaty to the Senate " -- saying "  the United States should have the chance to observe and assess the functioning of the court before choosing to become subject to its jurisdiction . " Conservatives have long loathed the ICC . Sen. Jesse Helms fulminated against it as "  an unprecedented assault on American sovereignty . " President George W. Bush "  unsigned " the treaty , concerned that U.S. troops and policy-makers alike could face action from a politically-motivated prosecutor . As then-White House spokesman Ari Fleischer put it , "  The president  George W. Bush  thinks the ICC is fundamentally flawed because it puts American servicemen and women at fundamental risk of being tried by an entity that is beyond America 's reach , beyond America 's laws and can subject American civilians and military to arbitrary standards of justice . " However , the Bush administration did accept the role of the ICC to bring to justice the perpetrators of what it described as genocide in Darfur , Sudan . In 2005 , the U.S. abstained rather than veto a Security Council resolution referring allegations of war crimes in Darfur to the ICC . Within the current administration , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton appears the most enthusiastic about joining the ICC . Two years ago , at an event in Nairobi , CNN 's Fareed Zakharia asked Clinton whether it was more difficult to pursue human rights issues so long as the US was not a signatory . "  That is a great regret , but it is a fact that we are not yet a signatory , " she said . "  But we have supported the work of the court and will continue to do so under the Obama administration . " On Thursday Clinton was effusive about the capture of Mladic . "  Mladic 's arrest serves as a statement to those around the world who would break the law and target innocent civilians : International justice works , " she said pointedly . Mladic will actually be prosecuted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , but the sentiment is clear and Obama echoed her view . "  From Nuremberg to the present , the United States has long viewed justice for war crimes , crimes against humanity , and genocide as both a moral imperative and an essential element of stability and peace , " he said in a statement issued at the G8 summit . While not expending political capital at home on a battle to ratify the Rome Treaty that established the court , Obama backed the ICC 's decision in 2009 to issue an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir in connection with the killings in Darfur . The Obama administration also supports the involvement of the International Criminal Court in Libya . In February , the United States voted for U.N. Security Council Resolution 1970 that referred the situation in Libya to the ICC , stating that "  widespread and systematic attacks currently taking place against the civilian population may amount to crimes against humanity . " The ICC 's chief prosecutor has since issued arrest warrants for Moammar Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Arab Gadhafi and Libyan intelligence chief Abdullah Sanussi . Those who want the United States to lend its full weight to the court say fears that U.S. officials and soldiers would find themselves in the dock are overdone . The ICC is designed as a court of last resort , to take action when the host country is unable or unwilling to prosecute individuals accused of grave crimes . They also argue that the Bush administration 's refusal to sign up reinforced perceptions overseas that it was "  unilateralist . " In a column for the Los Angeles Times this week , Lt. Col. Butch Bracknell , a serving Marine and senior fellow at the Atlantic Council , recalled a conversation he had on a recent training trip to Iraq : "  One Iraqi officer asked me , ` If the United States believes in accountability over impunity , why are you not a party to the International Criminal Court ? ' I did not have a satisfactory answer . " But Iraq and most other Arab states have also turned their back on the court -- for one reason : Israel . Qatar 's attorney general , Al Bin Fetais al Marri , said this week : "  Between the Arab world and the court there is a big problem of misunderstanding , " saying the court was selective in its investigations . Some African commentators point to the fact that the great majority of arrest warrants issued so far have been for Africans . After the arrest warrant was issued for Sudanese leader Omar al-Bashir , a Sudanese official dismissed the court as "  one of the tools of the new colonization . " So despite modest progress  though as yet no convictions  the ICC is far from establishing itself as a universally respected institution . Justice -- like beauty -- is in the eye of the beholder .	ICC prosecutes individuals accused of crimes against humanity , war crimes , genocide Set up at conference in 1998 and established in 2002 115 states have ratified the treaty , but not United States , Russia , China , Israel
London  CNN  -- "  Lone wolves " who plot to carry out small-scale attacks on soft targets , like those in which seven people have been killed in France , could be the future of terrorism , a security expert has warned . "  We are witnessing the next stage of terrorism in Europe , " said Sajjan Gohel , director of International Security at the Asia Pacific Foundation , a London-based counterterrorism think tank . Mohammed Merah is suspected of carrying out a series of shootings in which seven people , three of them young children , have died in recent days . Merah , 23 , a self-styled al Qaeda jihadist , was found dead after a 31-hour siege at his home in France on Thursday . Gohel told CNN that killings like those in Toulouse and Montauban would likely inspire other radical Islamists to action . "  This has sent out the message that followers of al Qaeda can carry out successful attacks , can precipitate terror , on their own . "  This is exactly what happened in France : People were scared to go out , schools were under guard , there was a real sense of insecurity -- that is true terrorism . " He said the actions of Anders Breivik , whose twin bomb and gun attacks in Oslo and on the island of Utoya in Norway in July last year left 77 people dead , had also encouraged would-be terrorists . "  Although it was n't linked to al Qaeda , the Norway attack set a dangerous precedent , because it showed that a plot like this could succeed . " And Gohel said there were fears the upcoming Olympic Games , due to be held in London this summer , could be targeted . "  The sort of attack we 've seen in Toulouse is not a model that is unique to France -- it could be replicated in Germany , in Britain , or elsewhere -- and that is a real concern , especially in the lead-up to the Olympics in London later this year . "  The Olympics are of symbolic significance , because the day after the 2012 games were awarded to London , in 2005 , we had the 7/7 bombings -LSB- on public transport , in which 52 people were killed -RSB- . "  And so there is a sort of a scar associated with that , and it could be that those who sympathize with the motives of the bombers see the Olympics as a symbolic time to attack . " But he said counter-terrorism forces faced a major challenge in tackling ` lone wolf ' attacks . "  They are a real headache for the authorities , because they are very difficult to thwart : If a ` cell ' is only one or two people it 's a lot harder to monitor their activities , to trace their networks , and so on . "  In previous cases , the ability of the authorities to disrupt the planning stage has been low , because you do n't get the leakage of information that you get with a larger cell . " Merah , the suspect in the French killings , was a supporter of radical Islamist group Forsane Alizza , the Knights of Glory , France 's Interior Minister Claude Gueant said . Gohel said the organization , which has members in Paris and Limoges in central France , acts as an "  antechamber towards terrorism , " encouraging its followers to go abroad for training . "  Before it was banned earlier this year , it had posted a chilling warning on Facebook , encouraging its followers to attack Americans , Jews and French soldiers , " said Gohel . "  Unfortunately , that threat seems to have been carried out in recent days . " The security analyst told CNN al Qaeda 's role in the Toulouse and Montauban killings remained unclear . "  There are two schools of thought -- that it could be an al Qaeda-controlled attack , or that it could be an al Qaeda-inspired attack -- and either way , it 's a real concern . "  If it 's al Qaeda-controlled , it shows that al Qaeda is still able to recruit European-based followers , and to train and guide them into carrying out attacks . "  If it 's al Qaeda-inspired , then it 's the first ` lone wolf ' act of terror of its kind to succeed in the West . There have been many al Qaeda-inspired attempts , but so far they have all failed -- are we seeing that in this instance it has succeeded ? "	"  Lone wolves " who carry out attacks on soft targets could be future of terrorism , expert warns Killing of seven people , including three children , in France could inspire radical Islamists to action Sajjan Gohel : Lone wolf attacks "  very difficult to thwart " because of lack of information leaks Olympic Games in London later this year could be "  symbolic target , " says Gohel
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Oscar-winning producer Richard D. Zanuck , whose films include "  Driving Miss Daisy , " "  Jaws , " and Tim Burton 's "  Alice in Wonderland , " died Friday at age 77 of a heart attack in Los Angeles , his publicists said . In 1991 , Zanuck was awarded the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences ' Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award , also given to his longtime associate David Brown . Given only 36 times in Oscars history , the award recognized Zanuck as "  a creative producer whose body of work reflects a consistently high quality of motion picture production , " according to his representatives . The summer of "  Jaws " Zanuck is the only second-generation recipient of the award , which also was given to his father , Darryl F. Zanuck . Earlier , Zanuck and his wife , Lili Fini Zanuck , won an Oscar as producers of "  Driving Miss Daisy , " which was named Best Picture of 1989 , his representatives said . The couple ran their own production firm , the Zanuck Company , formed in 1988 , the representatives said . Zanuck was born December 13 , 1934 , to Darryl F. Zanuck and actress Virginia Fox , said publicists Jeff Sanderson and Dan Barry . After graduating from Stanford University and serving in the Army as a lieutenant , he joined his father as a story and production assistant on two 20th Century Fox films , "  Island in the Sun " and "  The Sun Also Rises . " He became a full-fledged producer at age 24 with the feature film "  Compulsion , " which garnered the Best Actor award at the Cannes Film Festival for the ensemble work of stars Orson Welles , Dean Stockwell and Bradford Dillman , the representatives said . At age 28 , Zanuck rose to president in charge of production of 20th Century Fox and was then the youngest corporate head in Hollywood , his publicists said . In his eight years at that job , the studio secured 159 Oscar nominations , including for "  The Sound of Music , " "  Patton " and "  The French Connection , " which all won Best Picture . Confessions of an Oscars geek Zanuck became senior executive vice president at Warner Bros. , where he and soon-to-be partner Brown oversaw "  The Exorcist " and "  Blazing Saddles . " The two men formed the Zanuck/Brown Co. in 1971 and produced "  Jaws , " a triple-Oscar winner and Best Picture nominee , as well as "  Jaws II , " "  The Sugarland Express , " "  The Sting , " "  The Verdict , " "  Cocoon " and its sequel "  Cocoon : The Return . " In 1999 , the Zanuck Company joined Clint Eastwood and made "  True Crime , " based on Andrew Klavan 's best-selling novel and a film in which Eastwood also starred and directed , the publicists said . In March 2000 , Zanuck and wife produced the 72nd annual Oscar presentation itself -- garnering nine Emmy nominations and the highest network ratings of the previous six years , the representatives said . In 2001 , Zanuck and his son Dean produced DreamWorks ' "  Road to Perdition . " Zanuck 's most recent production was "  Dark Shadows , " released by Warner Bros. in May -- marking his sixth collaboration with director Tim Burton , the publicists said . That old Tim Burton magic Zanuck is survived by his wife , sons Harrison and Dean , and nine grandchildren .	Richard D. Zanuck dies of a heart attack Friday , his reps say He and his wife won an Oscar for producing "  Driving Miss Daisy " He also won the Academy 's Irving G. Thalberg Memorial Award , as did his father
CNN  -- In 1834 , Illinois voted whether to adopt Christmas as a legal holiday . Among those voting "  nay " was the young Abraham Lincoln . In 1834 , Lincoln had not yet grown out of his atheist phase , but the young Lincoln 's lack of faith in God -- and his lifelong disbelief in the divinity of Christ -- does not explain his vote . In 1834 , a vote against Christmas was a safe , even a conventional vote . Not a single state in the Union closed its offices for Christmas on December 25 in 1834 . Lincoln marked his first Christmas as President , in December 1861 , by holding a Cabinet meeting in the morning and a dinner party in the evening . The Lincoln family never had a White House tree and sent no Christmas cards . Nobody was much shocked by these omissions . The public Christmas as Americans know it today did not take form until late in the 19th century . George Washington issued a proclamation on Thanksgiving , but he never made any statement about Christmas  or Easter for that matter  . The first state to recognize Christmas as a holiday was Alabama , in 1836 , but the North and especially New England resisted . Not until 1856 did Massachusetts accept Christmas as a holiday . The federal government took until 1870 to follow . There 's debate on the point , but it seems that Benjamin Harrison was the first president to allow a Christmas tree inside the White House in 1889 . The tradition of lighting a tree on the White House grounds commenced with Calvin Coolidge in 1923 . Dwight Eisenhower sent the first White House Christmas cards . Eisenhower 's cards , however , were always determinedly "  seasonal . " It waited until John F. Kennedy in 1963 to send a card that depicted a nativity scene . This late flowering of Christmas observance reflects two facts about Christmas that seldom get much attention in our public debates about the "  war on Christmas . " In its first century , the national government practiced a separation of church and state far sharper than anything Americans would accept today . One example : From its founding in 1775 , the federal post office delivered mail on Sundays . As evangelical forms of Christianity spread after 1800 , the new denominations demanded an end to this desecration of the Sabbath . Some postmasters took it upon themselves to close operations . In response , Congress voted in 1810 to require all postmasters to work at least one hour on Sunday , on pain of losing their positions . The Americans of the founding generations insisted upon separation of church and state not because they were irreligious , but precisely because so many of them were so very intensely religious . Because religion mattered so much to early Americans , so did religious differences . Calvinists and Baptists , Methodists and Catholics , the grandest Boston rector and the rawest frontier preacher disagreed , sometimes to the point of outright violence . Anti-Catholic riots ripped apart Boston , Philadelphia and Bath , Maine , between the 1830s and 1850s . These contending denominations could , however , agree at least that they did not want a remote government in Washington favoring some religious practices over others . Better to deliver the mail on Sunday than debate who was right about the Sabbath . Better to issue no religious proclamations than let presidents pick and choose which holy days to mark and how to mark them . A second fact also explains the coolness of the early national government to Christianity : the keen awareness of many 19th century Christians of the non-Christian origins of many Christmas traditions . Christmas is celebrated near the date of the old Roman holiday of Saturnalia . Gift-giving on the day was also a Roman tradition . The Christmas tree , the hanging of wreaths and house-to-house caroling hark back to the pre-Christian German holiday of Yule . Calvinists had abandoned their outright ban on Christmas observance on the late 17th century . But many Protestant denominations retained a lingering suspicion of the holiday until deep into the 19th century . Two changes made possible the coalescing of an official Christmas holiday over the 40 years from Calvin Coolidge 's outdoor Christmas tree to John F. Kennedy 's sacral Christmas card : The fading of distinctions between Christians and the decline of theology within Christianity . The once all-crucial distinctions between Calvinists and Arminians  whose beliefs came from Dutch reformist Jacobus Arminius  and between even Protestants and Catholics have blurred . The once-vivid mistrust of trees and tinsel and burning logs has vanished , as American Christianity evolved away from a creed in which people believed and into a set of practices that people did . If Christians decorate trees , then tree decorating must be Christian -- no matter how or why the custom started and what the custom meant to the people who started it . Devout Christian believers can still be counted in the millions of course . Surrounding them , however , is a larger and more nebulous group for whom what was once a faith has become a folkway . For them , a Christmas tree or a nativity scene is less a declaration of individual belief than it is an expression of group identity . Many Americans feel this group identity to be under threat by changes in recent years . When they champion "  Christmas as it was , " they do not mean "  Christmas as it was for George Washington or Abraham Lincoln " and much less "  Christmas as it was for Martin Luther or Jonathan Edwards . " They mean , "  Christmas as it was when I was young . " That is why we have eruptions such as last week 's flap over the whiteness of Santa Claus . If your Christmas celebrates the appearance of God Himself in the form of a human baby , it wo n't have a lot of room for a gift-giving elf and flying reindeer . But if Santa is at most tangential to the Christmas of faith , he is utterly central to the Christmas of folkway . It is the Christmas of folkway that is the Christmas so passionately defended by those who talk about "  the war on Christmas . " The Christmas of Santa and Rudolph , and trees and stockings , and candy canes and "  Merry Christmas " greetings began to be most publicly celebrated in the United States only after -- and only because -- the religious impetus for the holiday had already dwindled away . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Lincoln , like many in 1834 , did n't observe Christmas as an official holiday He says in late 19th century , Americans began to observe Christmas as a public holiday Early Americans kept a sharp separation of church and state , Frum says Frum : "  War on Christmas " flap a reaction to a perceived threat to folkway , not religion
CNN  -- The son of disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai says the laundry list of allegations leveled against his father contradicts "  everything I have come to know about him throughout my life . " Bo Xilai was once considered a top contender for the Politburo Standing Committee , the team of nine politicians who effectively rule China . But last week , the Communist Party relieved him of his duties and expelled him . He also faces possible criminal charges in connection with the murder of a British businessman , a crime for which is wife has been convicted . On Saturday , Bo 's son , Guagua , posted a statement on Tumblr , a microblogging site , where he defended his "  upright " father . The statement made no mention of his mother . "  Personally , it is hard for me to believe the allegations announced against my father , because they contradict everything I have come to know about him throughout my life , " the younger Bo wrote . "  Although the policies my father enacted are open to debate , the father I know is upright in his beliefs and devoted to duty . " In an e-mail to CNN on Sunday , the son declined to comment further on the case . He said his statement posted to Tumblr was all he could say at the moment . The statement followed news Friday by the state-run Xinhua new agency that the elder Bo had been expelled from the Communist Party and faced prosecution on criminal charges . The Xinhua report on his expulsion painted a portrait of corruption , abuse of power and improper sexual relationships . The party said the politician made "  severe mistakes " in the killing of the British businessman and a diplomatic incident involving a police official , Xinhua reported . Investigators cited influence peddling , bribery and womanizing , new details found in the course of the party 's investigation . "  Bo had or maintained improper sexual relationships with a number of women , " the state news agency said . He also took advantage of his power to seek profits and received bribes , and his family "  accepted a huge amount of money and property from others , " Xinhua said . The son said he could not reconcile the man accused of such acts and the man he knows as his father . "  He has always taught me to be my own person and to have concern for causes greater than ourselves . I have tried to follow his advice , " he said in the statement . "  At this point , I expect the legal process to follow its normal course , and I will await the result . " The elder Bo is a charismatic , albeit controversial , politician who launched a "  smashing black , singing red " campaign in the southwestern city of Chongqing that promoted Communist ideology and zealously cracked down on organized crime . His economic programs , which included millions spent on social welfare , made him a popular leader in Chongqing . But analysts say his populist policies and high-profile personal style were seen as a challenge to the more economically liberal and reform-oriented faction that dominates the current party leadership . The politician 's fortunes changed when news surfaced this year that his wife , Gu Kailai , was a suspected accomplice in the poisoning of businessman Neil Heywood . Heywood died in November in Chongqing , where the elder Bo was the Communist Party chief . His death was originally blamed on excessive alcohol consumption . The politician was soon stripped of his top posts for "  serious breach of discipline . " In August , his wife received a suspended death sentence after a seven-hour trial . The case also put the son under scrutiny as reports emerged over his lavish student lifestyle . Photographs of him bare-chested with his arms around women at a party at the University of Oxford were widely published and received badly in China . The father defended his son when the reports first came out , accusing people of trying to make the 24-year-old look bad . The younger Bo graduated from Harvard 's Kennedy School of Government in May . He previously attended the University of Oxford , graduating in 2010 . Wang Lijun , the former police chief of Chongqing , set off the controversial story on February 6 , when he fled to the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu and told American diplomats that Gu was a suspected accomplice in a murder case . After his request for asylum was turned down , Wang left the consulate and was taken away by Chinese officials . But his accusations rocked the world 's most populous nation . Wang last week was sentenced to 15 years for defection , cover-up , bribe taking and abuse of power . CNN 's Jason Kessler and Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	NEW : Bo Guagua said "  it is hard for me to believe the allegations " NEW : The 24-year-old is the son of disgraced politician Bo Xilai He posts a statement on Tumblr defending his father Bo Xilai is accused corruption , abuse of power and adultery
CNN  -- Luis Suarez may have bitten off more than he can chew this time . Already banned twice in his career for biting an opponent , the Uruguay striker was seemingly at it again in his country 's key World Cup victory over Italy . Just before Uruguay 's winning goal , the striker was embroiled in an off the ball incident with Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini with both men falling to the floor . And he could be facing a lengthy ban -- despite his attempts to play down the incident . "  The only thing I know is that those are occurrences that happen on the pitch , " Suarez told reporters . "  I just collided with his shoulder . They are just casual incidences that occur during a soccer game . " Television pictures showed Suarez dipping his head towards Chiellini , and when the Italian defender eventually got up , he pulled down his shirt and appeared to furiously indicate that he had been bitten on the shoulder . "  Suarez is a sneak and he gets away with it because FIFA want their stars to play in the World Cup , " Chiellini told Sky Sports Italia . "  I 'd love to see if they have the courage to use video evidence against him . The referee saw the bite mark too , but he did nothing about it. , " added the Juventus defender . FIFA has opened proceedings against the forward , for breach of FIFA disciplinary code . FIFA added that Suarez and/or his national association are invited to provide their position and any documentary evidence they deem relevant , with a 5pm  Brasilia time  deadline . The 27-year-old Suarez will now face a nervous wait to find out if football 's world governing body FIFA will take action retrospectively -- given it was missed by the match officials - and punish him . But FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce , who also presides as head of the organizations referees committee , says he has huge concerns over Suarez 's actions . "  I have watched the incident several times on television , " he told reporters . "  There is no doubt Luis Suarez is a fantastic footballer but , once again , his actions have left him open to severe criticism . "  FIFA must investigate the incident seriously and take whatever disciplinary action deemed necessary . " According to FIFA 's disciplinary code , the forward could face a maximum ban of 24 matches or two years . Former Italian international Mauro Tassotti was given an eight-match ban in 1994 , the longest suspension in World Cup history , after breaking the nose of Spain 's Luis Enrique . Zinedine Zidane , the former France midfielder , was handed a three-match ban for headbutting Marco Materazzi in the 2006 final . While FIFA has yet to make a decision , Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez insists he did not see the incident when he addressed the press in his news conference . "  I 'd like to see the images , " he said . "  I did n't see that . And if it happened the referee probably did n't see it . So no I do n't have any more comments to make . We had more important things than this in a football match . "  There seems there is animosity against this football player , " he added . "  He just came out of a difficult moment and he has been penalized . There are people hiding behind the tree waiting for something to happen . " Suarez was also backed by team captain Diego Lugano , who instead blamed Chiellini for exaggerating the entire episode . When asked by reporters about the incident he said : "  You saw this , really ? "  You need to show me because I did n't see anything . "  Did you see it today or did you see what happened in other years . You could n't have seen it today because nothing happened . "  The worst of everything is the attitude of Chiellini . He 's a great player , with an enormous status . It does n't correspond with Italian football . As sportsmen leaving the field , crying and appealing against a rival . As a man he disappointed me totally . " Diego Godin 's 81st minute header secured victory for Uruguay against an Italian team which played the final half hour with 10-men after Claudio Marchisio was sent off . The defeat led to Italian coach Cesare Prandelli offering his resignation in his news conference after the game -- but all eyes were still on Suarez . The Uruguayan , who plays his club football with Liverpool , was banned for 10 games in April 2013 after being found guilty of biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . He was also guilty of biting during his time in the Netherlands with Ajax where he was banned for seven games after leaving a scar on the collarbone of Otman Bakkal . Suarez 's rap sheet is lengthy . At the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , he deliberately handled the ball on the goal-line to deny Ghana a place in the semifinals of the World Cup . He was sent off for his troubles but Ghana missed the penalty and Uruguay went on to finish fourth in the tournament . The following year after his move to Liverpool , Suarez was found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . He was fined $ 63,000 and banned for eight matches . Last week , after scoring both goals in his side 's 2-1 victory over England , Suarez hit out at the British media after claiming he had been unfairly treated over his transgressions . "  Before the game people in England laughed about my attitude over the last few years , " he told reporters following the game . "  I want to see what they think now . I have dreamed of this moment . " Suarez enjoyed a sensational season with Liverpool -- scoring 31 league goals to help his club qualify for the Champions League . He was voted Player of the Year by his fellow colleagues and also named as the journalists ' Player of the Year too -- awards that reflected a feeling that Suarez had put behind him his troubled past . His participation in the World Cup had looked in danger when he suffered a knee injury in Liverpool 's final game of the season . He was forced to undergo keyhole surgery and missed Uruguay 's opening game defeat by Costa Rica before making a near miraculous return in time to face England just five weeks after his operation , scoring both goals in the South American side 's 2-1 win . Uruguay 's next game will be against Colombia on Saturday in Rio de Janeiro . Meanwhile , Italy coach Prandelli says he will step down following another World Cup disappointment . Prandelli , who replaced Marcello Lippi as coach in 2010 , also failed to guide Italy out of the group stage in South Africa four years ago . "  At the end of the match I spoke to the president of the federation , I have told them I am going to resign from my position , " he told reporters . "  When there is failure , the person in charge must take responsibility , " added Prandelli , who only extended his contract last month . Giancarlo Abete , the president of the Italian Football Federation , also announced his resignation while stating he hoped to convince Prandelli to stay on . In the group 's other game , Costa Rica sealed top spot with a goalless draw against England . Los Ticos , which won both of its previous games , will play Greece in its next game in Recife on Sunday . Tuesday 's best World Cup photos	Uruguay defeats Italy 1-0 to book place in knockout phase Diego Godin 's header secured victory in Natal Italy coach Cesare Prandelli offers his resignation Costa Rica wins Group D following goalless draw with England
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama has asked Gen. David Petraeus to replace Gen. Stanley McChrystal as the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , he said Wednesday . Obama relieved McChrystal of duty over disparaging comments the general 's staff made about top White House officials in an article in Rolling Stone magazine . Petraeus , a counterinsurgency expert , was the architect of the "  surge " of U.S. forces in Iraq , which some credit with turning the tide of the war . He was promoted to head of the U.S. military 's Central Command in October 2008 by President George W. Bush . Obama said there would be no change in policy as a result of the switch in commanders , but Petraeus and McChrystal have struck different tones in describing the Afghan campaign recently . "  The trajectory in my view has generally been upward , despite the tough losses , despite the setbacks , " Petraeus told the Senate last week -- a day after fainting while giving testimony . He blamed dehydration when he appeared the next day , June 16 . McChrystal had said just days before that the campaign against the Taliban in Helmand province would take longer than he originally planned . Questioned by the Senate Armed Services committee about the difference in emphasis , Petraeus said : "  The conduct of a counterinsurgency operation is a roller coaster experience ; there are setbacks as well as areas of progress or successes . " Petraeus will step aside as chief of Central Command to take over as Afghanistan war commander , a senior national security source told CNN 's John King . His appointment to lead the U.S. war effort on the ground in Afghanistan requires Senate confirmation . Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , told CNN that he hopes to hold confirmation hearings for Petraeus as early as next week . Obama 's decision to replace McChrystal with Petraeus was "  reasonable , " Levin said . The chairman of the House Armed Services Committee immediately expressed his support for Obama 's choice . Petraeus "  is the best that we have , " Rep. Ike Skelton , D-Missouri , said in a written statement . Sen. Jack Reed , D-Rhode Island , called him an "  experienced , thoughtful commander who will step in and provide a continuity of leadership . " Petraeus all but literally wrote the book on fighting against guerrilla resistance , overseeing the drafting of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Field Manual between stints in Iraq . He commanded the 101st Airborne Division , the Screaming Eagles , during the first year of the war in Iraq , according to his official biography on the Central Command website . He then commanded coalition forces and the NATO training mission in Iraq . Petraeus then spent time at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , working on the counterinsurgency manual before returning to Iraq to take charge of the surge . He holds a doctorate in international relations from Princeton University .	President taps Gen. David Petraeus to replace Gen. Stanley McChrystal in Afghanistan Petraeus was the architect of the "  surge " of U.S. forces in Iraq He recently said the trajectory in Afghanistan "  has generally been upward " He oversaw the drafting of the Army/Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Field Manual
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Police cordoned off one of the busiest thoroughfares in the heart of the Greek capital Thursday as a bomb disposal team investigated a suspicious package found at the entrance to a bank . "  This is the second bomb I 've been to today , " said one motorcycle police officer , who said he was not authorized to release his name to journalists , as he guarded a police line blocking off the five-lane Vassilissis Sophias Avenue , less than a block away from the Greek parliament building . Moments later , a bomb disposal expert dressed in the heavy green armor made famous in the movie "  Hurt Locker " walked briskly away from the suspicious package . Another member of the team counted down loudly in Greek , and then a controlled explosion echoed down the empty boulevard . Authorities later said the package was not a bomb , but that was n't the case earlier Thursday , when police destroyed another parcel at a courier office . Hellenic Police spokesman Maj. Athanasios Kokkalakis confirmed the parcel contained a "  booby trap bomb . " The parcel was addressed to the French Embassy in Athens and the bombers put the archbishop of Athens as the sender of the package . Greek officials said it was the 14th explosive device to be discovered originating from Greece in the past four days . The events came as the two suspects in the largest letter-bomb campaign in Greek history were remanded into custody after appearing for testimony before a prosecutor , the Citizens Protection Ministry said . The two men are accused of participating in a wave of attempted bombings that has forced the Greek government to suspend air postal deliveries outside of the country for 48 hours . They were arrested in Athens on Monday in possession of two parcel bombs , Glock pistols , a bulletproof vest , and a wig . Many of the packages were addressed to various embassies in Athens , but one arrived at German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's office in Berlin and another , addressed to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , made it to Italy . Panagiotis Argyrou , 22 , and Gerasimos Tsakalos , 24 were also in possession of a delivery slip for another parcel containing an explosive device which had been delivered to a courier service and was addressed to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Greece , police said . "  These are stake-holders ... important members of a terrorist group , " Kokkalakis said . Greek authorities have stressed that they believe the wave letter bombs is the work of a home-grown Greek terror group that does not have ties to international organizations like al Qaeda . Before this week 's attacks , one of the suspects , Argyrou , already faced an arrest warrant for his alleged membership in an illegal organization called the Conspiracy of Cells of Fire . Both suspects have so far refused to cooperate with authorities , Greek officials said . "  Until this moment , they keep silent . They do n't talk to anyone , " Kokkalakis told CNN . "  It is their strategic tactic . " When they appeared Thursday before a prosecutor Athens , they refused to testify , saying they "  do not want to take part in this process . " They were then remanded into custody . For decades , leftist - and anarchist-inspired radical groups have carried out acts of political violence in Greece . The most notorious and deadly of these groups , November 17 , claimed responsibility for the assassination of the British Embassy Defense Attache Stephen Saunders in Athens in 2000 . Greek police , backed by British investigators , eventually succeeded in arresting the masterminds of November 17 in the years that followed . Terrorism experts say they have seen an increase in Greek acts of terror since the 2008 shooting death of a Greek teenager by police in Athens . That incident sparked angry riots and a wave of small bomb attacks on banks and Greek police . The group Conspiracy of Cells of Fire is believed to have emerged during this period . "  This new generation of terrorists have a different motive ... money , publicity , " said Ioannis Michaletos of the Institute for Security and Defense Analysis in Athens . Michaletos compared these groups to the anarchists who terrorized Europe at the start of the 20th century . "  They do n't have a specific leftist ideology , " he said . "  They just state in their proclamations that their aim is to destroy the system . " In June 2010 , a Greek police officer was killed opening a letter bomb that was addressed to the country 's top law enforcement minister . Authorities have so far avoided linking that deadly attack to this week 's parcel bombs , which apparently contain smaller amounts of explosives and have so far wounded one female employee of a private courier service . In fact , some Greek officials have sought to downplay the threat posed by this week 's letter bombers , by describing the suspects as young , poorly trained amateurs . "  The police found them with bus tickets and cards to make telephone calls . A professional would n't do this , " said Vassilis Papadimitriou , a spokesman for the office of the Greek Prime Minister . But the letter bombers have succeeded in forcing the Greek government to take the unprecedented step of halting international parcel delivery for 48 hours . They also have further rattled a society that is already struggling to deal with a deep financial crisis . Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou denounced the bombers Wednesday , accusing them of trying to destabilize his government 's efforts to rescue the Greek economy . "  Democracy will not be terrorized , " Papandreou announced on local television .	A suspicious package found outside a bank was not a bomb , authorities say A parcel found earlier at a courier office was a bomb , police say The two suspects in the case appear before a prosecutor but do n't testify Greek authorities believe the letter bombs are the work of a local group
CNN  -- The latest annual U.N. climate change summit begins Monday in Warsaw . The talks will see some 200 nations try to make progress toward securing an important new comprehensive global treaty in advance of a 2015 deadline . The summit , which is unlikely to bring a truly decisive breakthrough , will generate massive international attention -- but the reality is that the new frontline in the battle against global warming is at the national rather than global level . This fundamental shift in the center of gravity of the climate change debate is one that few have yet to recognize . Yet it has game-changing implications , not least for how best to secure a comprehensive global deal by 2015 . In stark contrast to the snail 's pace of progress in U.N. talks , domestic and sub-national laws and regulations to address climate change are being passed at an increasing rate . In 2012 alone , 32 of 33 surveyed countries  which account for more than 85 % of global greenhouse gas emissions  , including the United States and China , have introduced significant climate or energy-related legislation and regulation , according to a recent GLOBE International report . This shift is a key part of a wider transformation taking place . Previously , much of the political debate on global warming has been framed around narratives of sharing a global burden -- with governments often trying to minimise their share . Now , many legislators view the issue as one of national self-interest , and growing numbers of nations are trying to maximize the benefits of climate change measures . In recent years , countries across the world , from Mexico to the UK to South Korea , have passed comprehensive measures . The GLOBE study shows that developing states have been especially likely in recent years to conclude it is in their national interest to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by embracing low-carbon growth and development , and to better prepare for the impact of global warming . They see that expanding domestic sources of renewable energy not only reduces emissions but also increases energy security by reducing reliance on imported fossil fuels . Reducing energy demand through greater efficiency reduces costs and increases competitiveness . Improving resilience to the impacts of climate change also makes sound economic sense . Far from undermining the U.N. talks process , this bottom-up approach could be the decisive development which helps secure a new comprehensive global deal by 2015 . Advancing domestic measures on climate change and experiencing the benefits of reducing emissions are crucial building blocks that may help create the political conditions to enable an agreement to be reached . As game-changing as these national developments are , they are as yet insufficient to avoid warming of more than 2 degrees Celsius in coming decades , compared to pre-industrial levels -- the amount most experts agree is needed to avoid "  runaway " climate change . Nonetheless , the national legal and policy frameworks to measure , report , verify and manage carbon that are now being created could potentially be ratcheted up , especially as governments experience the benefits of lower energy use , reduced costs , improved competitiveness , and greater energy security . As this happens , the goal must be to translate such progress into a comprehensive , global deal . It remains in the balance at this stage whether such a broad-ranging agreement , with the necessary ambition , will be reached by 2015 unless more domestic frameworks are in place in key countries . Sound domestic actions enhance the prospects of international action , and better international prospects enhance domestic actions . Given this uncertain outlook , and as difficult negotiations in Poland approach , a key danger is that some countries might lower their long-term ambitions and perhaps even harden their stances in dealing with others . This would be ill-timed . Indeed , with 2015 approaching now is the time for countries to invest even more in climate diplomacy and practical fast international cooperation . In so doing , they will help expedite conditions on the ground that could make the difference between a comprehensive global treaty being reached , or not , in the next 24 months . GPS BLOG : Why world ca n't agree over climate change The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Hammond .	On November 11 , around 200 nations will meet at the U.N. climate change summit in Poland Andrew Hammond : The battle against global warming is at the national rather than global level He says laws and regulations to address the problem are being passed at an increasing rate Although the 2015 deadline is unlikely to be reached , now is the time to act , writes Hammond
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- Jurors began deliberations Wednesday in the case of Joshua Komisarjevsky , the second man to be tried in connection with a deadly Connecticut home invasion in 2007 . A day before , the jurors heard lawyers ' final pleas in the case as prosecutors cast Komisarjevsky , 31 , as the instigator of the attack , while the defense insisted "  he did not want anyone to die . " The trial has gone on for a little over three weeks , during which time jurors heard emotional testimony detailing the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her daughters -- 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit . After closing arguments wrapped up Tuesday , Judge Jon Blue started walking jurors through the 17 charges facing Komisarjevsky , including three counts of murder , four counts of kidnapping , burglary , arson and assault . If convicted , he could receive the death penalty . The judge got through 45 of 48 pages detailing the charges late Tuesday afternoon before sending the jury home . Steven Hayes , the first defendant to stand trial , was sentenced to death in December 2010 after a jury convicted him on 16 of 17 charges . As closing arguments began Tuesday , prosecutor Gary Nicholson told jurors , "  Once Komisarjevsky and Hayes completed their plan , where there was a family , there were three corpses . " Prosecutors allege that Hayes and Komisarjevsky went into the Petit home , beat and tied up Dr. William Petit , raped and strangled his wife , molested one of their daughters , and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . The two daughters , who were both tied to their beds , died of smoke inhalation . William Petit managed to escape . Before assaulting and killing Hawke-Petit , Hayes forced her to go to a bank and withdraw $ 15,000 from an account after finding evidence the account held between $ 20,000 and $ 30,000 , authorities said . Nicholson recounted for jurors Tuesday the ways in which Komisarjevsky aided Hayes during the crime , including driving him to the Petit home , helping him beat William Petit and helping him restrain other family members . "  Make no mistake about it , this intrusion into the Petit home was Mr. Komisarjevsky 's idea , " Nicholson said . Defense lawyer Jeremiah Donovan stressed to jurors that his client did n't enter the Cheshire home with a lethal weapon . Komisarjevsky , in his view , did n't kill William Petit when he had the chance , and he closed doors to the girls ' room to buy them time to survive the fire . Komisarjevsky was contrasted with Hayes , whom Donovan claimed strangled Jennifer Hawke-Petit , then lit the fatal fire . "  He did not intend that anyone should die , " Donovan said of Komisarjevsky . On Monday , a 90-minute tape of Komisarjevsky 's police confession was played for jurors . He told authorities he followed Hawke-Petit and her youngest daughter home after seeing them in a shopping center parking lot . He said he started thinking the Petit home was "  very nice . " Komisarjevsky said in the confession he was beating William Petit with a baseball bat when "  he let out this unearthly scream . I kept hitting him until he finally backed up into a corner of the couch . ... He quieted down and was just staring at me with open eyes , just sheer confusion . " But he also denied killing anyone , saying that Hayes "  pulled me to the side " and said , " ` We got ta kill them and burn the house down . ' I 'm like , ` I 'm not killing anyone , there 's no way . We have the money . There 's not a problem . ' " William Petit addressed the media after Tuesday 's courtroom session , admitting he was bothered by the defense 's strategy -- including its claim that his escape from the house may have precipitated the chain of events that led to the three deaths , or that things may not have unfolded as they did if Hawke-Petit had acted differently . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick contributed to this report .	On Tuesday , the judge ran the jury through the 17 charges If convicted , Komisarjevsky could receive the death penalty His attorney insists he did n't intend to kill , blaming a co-conspirator He 's accused of being part of a plan that left a Conn. woman and her two daughters dead
CNN  -- For conservatives conflicted over how to vote on a major measure Wednesday that would fund the federal government and authorize the President to arm Syrian rebels , their decision might have gotten a bit easier . The conservative group Club for Growth announced that it will not hold lawmakers accountable for their vote . The bill , which would fund the government until mid-December , includes an amendment to arm Syrian rebels to attack ISIS . Club for Growth informed members of Congress that the group is "  withdrawing its key vote " because "  the ISIS language does not make this a revealing vote about economic policy . " The group , which focuses on reducing government spending , keeps a scorecard of votes it deems important and uses it against members in re-election campaigns . With the Club removing its pressure on the spending portion of the bill , conservatives who went to Congress to reduce the size of government are free to vote their conscience on the ISIS provisions . House leaders lobby wavering colleagues ahead of ISIS vote Some members of Congress have been pushing for a stand-alone vote on ISIS , insisting that the seriousness of the matter deserves its own debate . But Congressional leadership in both parties are reluctant to hold a critical vote so close to the midterm elections , therefore tying it to a measure to keep the government functioning past September 30 . Also part of Wednesday 's House vote is a measure to extend the authority of the Export-Import Bank , a small government agency that has sparked the ire of tea party conservatives for subsidizing U.S. businesses to conduct international trade . Conservatives have been elevating the Export-Import Bank vote for several months , but now that it is tied with the continuing resolution to fund the government and the ISIS vote , it has almost disappeared as an issue . While conservatives are complaining that no one is focused on the bank anymore , the ISIS component of the bill could help House Speaker John Boehner , who supports the bank 's extension , to pass it . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	House votes on measure to fund U.S. government and arm Syrian rebels Club for Growth announced it will not hold lawmakers accountable for their vote Conservative group 's decision removes pressure on lawmakers concerned about spending
CNN  -- It started off as a letter , but for former Marine Joshua Boston it was more than that . It was about his freedom . The Afghanistan veteran wrote an open letter to U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , saying that he would not register his weapons with the government even if a ban on assault weapons is passed . The letter started on CNN iReport and gained mass attention online , obtaining a quarter-million views as of Friday evening and appearing on several other news outlets . Boston said he was inspired to send in the iReport because he felt as though some gun owners were being unfairly targeted . He is angered by "  the fact that I 'm supposed to be punished for doing nothing more than owning a rifle that looks scary because its stock is n't made out of wood , " he said . Feinstein has said she plans to introduce a bill in January that would place a ban on assault weapons . Gun rights legislation gained renewed attention after an armed gunman killed 20 children and six adults in the Newtown school shooting . The bill aims to revisit a 1994 ban that expired in 2004 . The prohibition did not eliminate assault weapons , but restricted their features , limiting magazine capacity to 10 rounds and regulating pistol grips , bayonet attachments and flash suppressors . Politics : Gun owners fear new legislation could tread on their rights Boston said he served in Afghanistan twice and Iraq twice between 2004 and 2011 . Although no longer serving in the military , the 26-year-old said he still owns guns and believes the government does not need to know what guns he owns ; he believes weapons registration would lead to confiscation . Many of the people who posted the more than 1,400 passionate comments about the letter said they agreed with Boston . Both pro- and anti-gun supporters weighed in on the idea of registering weapons in the United States and the use of assault weapons . "  I , like you am a former Marine corporal and I support you 110 % , " wrote CNN iReport user TMuttDaddy . "  It 's nobody 's business how many guns I own . I also support restoring the gun ownership right for felons . Provided the crime was nonviolent and not repeat offenders . I do think we need to address how firearms are stored and secured . We need to require owners to secure their weapons in such a way that makes them difficult to steal . I suggest gun safes and trigger locks . We need to do all we can to keep guns off the street . " iReport : Why would someone own a military-style rifle ? Str8shot wrote , "  This is absolutely the best response to the attack on civilian gun ownership that I 've seen in some time . " "  I 'd stand , proudly , with this man in preserving our rights . He clearly understood his pledge to protect the Constitution from all enemies , foreign and domestic and sounds like he 'll do it . I 'm right there with him ! " Despite the number of mass shootings in the United States in 2012 , Boston said he believes the laws already set in place for gun control are plenty . He adds that more laws will simply remove a means of defense for people . "  I own the guns I own because I acknowledge mankind 's shortcomings instead of pretending like they do n't exist , " Boston wrote . "  There are evil men in this world and there just may be a time when I need to do the unthinkable to protect me or my family . " But many commenters disagreed with Boston 's take . "  I respect gun usage to a point when they are use  sic  with respect and with common sense , " wrote iReporter RindaLynn . "  Guns do not save people . People choosing not to use guns save people , " RindaLynn added . Opinion : Case for gun rights is stronger than you think YankCT highlighted the value of Boston 's military contributions even while disagreeing with his views . "  Ms. Feinstein is an elected official who was selected by voters to represent their interests in a governing body , " YankCT wrote . "  She has the authority and responsibility to do just that until the people whom she represents decide otherwise through their votes . This gentleman believes that he is above the law . This is untrue ; in fact , my guess is that he swore to defend the country and respect its laws when he entered the Marines . " At points in his letter , Boston addresses the senator directly : "  I am not your subject , " he writes . "  I am the man who keeps you free . I am not your servant . I am the person whom you serve . I am not your peasant . " In response to Boston 's letter , Feinstein released this statement : "  Senator Feinstein respects Cpl. Boston 's service . She has heard from thousands of people -- including many gun owners -- who support her plan to stop the sale , transfer , importation and manufacturing of assault weapons and large capacity magazines , strips and drums that hold more than 10 rounds . Â As Senator Feinstein has said , the legislation will be carefully focused to protect the rights of existing gun owners by exempting hundreds of weapons used for hunting and sporting purposes . " A reader called freddieman said he was inspired to send his own senators a message . He said he is a veteran and comes from a military family . "  I will not lose my rights because those who do not follow the laws and freedoms of this land choose not to follow , " he said . Analysis : Guns and the law Have you reached out to your representative over issues of gun control ? Should people register their weapons with the government ? Let us know what you think in the comments below .	Former Marine says he will not register his guns even if a federal law is passed Marine 's open letter goes viral online ; draws fiery responses from CNN commenters Sen. Dianne Feinstein said after the Newtown school shooting that she plans to introduce a ban on assault weapons The bill aims to revisit a 1994 assault weapons ban that expired in 2004
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Russian police released photographs Tuesday of two women suspected of being the suicide bombers who killed at least 39 people on the Moscow metro a day earlier . Special services are also seeking three suspected accomplices of the bombers , Russian state TV reported , citing Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov . They are hunting for a 30-year-old man from the Northern Caucasus who was seen on security cameras wearing dark clothes and a black baseball cap , and two women , aged 22 and 45 , both ethnic Slavs , who allegedly assisted the man , state TV reported . Investigators believe that the three suspects accompanied the suicide bombers when they entered the metro , the report said . They also believe Chechen rebels may have been behind the deadly strike , although nobody has claimed responsibility . Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said Moscow would "  restore order by the use of force " in the region , as part of its "  quest to eliminate terrorists and bandits " there . But it was harder to root out corruption and clan structures , and to build an education system , he said in remarks televised by Russian state TV from his country residence . "  Those are the things that are much more difficult to handle . But it is our task and we will be dealing with those issues no matter what , " he said . Meanwhile , the Russian-backed leader of Chechnya wrote in a newspaper article Tuesday that terrorists who target innocent civilians must be "  poisoned like rats . " "  We have always believed and we continue to believe that terrorists must be hunted down and found in their lairs , they must be poisoned like rats , they must be crushed and destroyed , " Ramzan Kadyrov wrote in the Russian daily Izvestia , a day after the deadly rush-hour attacks in two Moscow subway stations . "  The struggle against terrorists must involve the toughest measures and defeating this evil with only persuasion and educational measures is impossible . " Moscow paused to mourn its dead Tuesday , and flags across the city were lowered to half staff as hundreds of thousands of commuters returned to the transit system . Authorities said the attacks killed at least 39 people -- an increase of one since Monday -- and wounded more than 60 others . Television stations canceled entertainment programming for the day , while some also pulled commercials . After being closed most of the day , both stations that were bombed reopened around 5 p.m.  9 a.m. ET  Monday , said Veronica Smolskaya , a spokeswoman for the Russian Emergencies Ministry . A heavy security presence was apparent throughout the subway network as police officers were visible on train platforms . "  Our preliminary assessment is that this act of terror was committed by a terrorist group from the North Caucasus region , " said Alexander Bortnikov of the Federal Security Service , in reference to the investigation at one of the blast sites . The current round of the Russia-Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years , with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region . Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced by the fighting . Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas . Monday 's blasts tore through the Lubyanka and Park Kultury stations in central Moscow -- the female bombers detonating their explosives about 40 minutes apart , starting just before 8 a.m.  12 a.m. ET  . An estimated 500,000 people were riding trains throughout the capital at the time of the attacks . CNN 's Matthew Chance , Claire Sebastian and Max Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Russian police release images of two women suspected of being the bombers Authorities are also seeking three suspected accomplices of the bombers Hundreds of thousands of commuters return to Moscow subway after bombing Flags across city lowered to half staff as Moscow pauses to mourn dead
CNN -- Singer Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson "  kind of drifted apart , " but there was "  no big bust-up " after Jackson bought the Beatles song catalog , McCartney told David Letterman Wednesday . Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson in 1983 . McCartney said Jackson will be missed . McCartney appeared on "  The Late Show with David Letterman " to talk about his forthcoming concert at New York 's Citi Field , the Beatles ' 1964 appearance on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " -- taped in the same theater -- and his relationship with Jackson . McCartney said the pair "  fell apart " after Jackson secured rights to the Beatles catalog in 1985 . Jackson outbid McCartney -- paying $ 47.5 million for it -- and then sold it to Sony Music for $ 95 million in 1995 while maintaining a 50 percent controlling interest . The relationship fizzled when McCartney asked for "  a raise " from Jackson , to which Jackson -- in McCartney 's word -- "  blanked " the former Beatle and said , "  That 's just business , Paul , " McCartney said . "  We 've never kind of got to it , and I thought ` hmmm , ' so we kind of drifted apart , " said McCartney . "  There was no big bust-up . " "  He was a lovely man , massively talented , and we miss him , " McCartney said . McCartney and Jackson collaborated on the songs "  Say Say Say " and "  The Girl is Mine , " both released in the early 1980s . McCartney 's appearance on Letterman marked the first time he 'd returned to the Ed Sullivan Theater for a broadcast network show since the Beatles made their stateside debut there in 1964 . The musician also put on a performance on the Sullivan Theater 's marquee , in front of a huge crowd that blocked off traffic near the intersection of Broadway and 53rd Street . Watch McCartney perform on the theater rooftop " The set included such Beatles and McCartney solo classics as "  Get Back , " "  Band on the Run , " "  Helter Skelter " and "  Back in the USSR . "	McCartney : Friendship "  fell apart " after Jackson purchased the Beatles catalog McCartney asked for a raise from Jackson but Jackson did n't respond , he says The former Beatle says there was "  no big bust-up , " contrary to rumors "  He was a lovely man , massively talented and we miss him , " McCartney said
CNN  -- People up and down the Mississippi River could feel the effects from this week 's epic flooding long after the water recedes . Farmers may face a major disruption to their livelihood in places where the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers opens spillways to drain water from the swollen river onto adjacent land . "  If you have a pasture where you grow soybeans and it gets flooded by 25 feet of floodwaters and you end up with 3 feet of oozing mud on top of your pasture , it 's going to be a long time before you can plow -- certainly one year , " said Sam Bentley , a professor of sedimentary geology at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge . "  It might be arable next year , but it would probably be quite difficult to work . " There 's also a chance that floodwaters could spill into wetlands and damage oyster beds near where the Mississippi River meets the Gulf of Mexico . "  They do n't like to be buried in mud , " said Ivor van Heerden of the oysters . Van Heerden is former deputy director of the Louisiana State University Hurricane Center and now a private consultant . How bad will it be in Louisiana , where the swollen Mississippi is headed ? Experts held out hope that the floodwaters forecast for much of the Lower Mississippi River will exact a minimum toll in lives lost . Yet they appeared resigned to the likelihood of steep property losses . If a system of levees holds , then floodwater will be discharged only where the Corps of Engineers plans to discharge water , Bentley said . "  There will be property lost , hopefully no lives , but according to a plan executed by the Corps of Engineers as opposed to a rapidly unfolding catastrophe , " he said . A failure in the system of levees would change the landscape considerably , he said , though he does not expect that . "  I would n't say that this is going to be a disaster , but the modern Mississippi levee system has never been tested under flood conditions like this , " he said . "  It 's probably going to exceed water levels not seen since the Great Flood of 1927 -- historically the largest ever measured . " That flood led Congress in 1928 to authorize the Army Corps of Engineers to build the system of levees and other controls now under stress . Farmers in parts of Louisiana could face a long recovery , particularly if authorities open the Morganza Spillway near Baton Rogue to lower water levels on the Mississippi River . Roy Dakka , a professor of civil and environmental engineering and director of the Center for Geoinformatics at Louisiana State University , predicted it will take weeks to months for the farmland to dry . "  Any existing crops are going to be toast , " he said , citing the fields of corn , sugar cane and soybeans that will be covered with sediment . "  Plus , God knows what 's in the water and what gets deposited . " If the floodwaters remain on the ground for 30 days or so , "  then we probably would not be able to get a crop in this year , " said Roger Carter , president of Agricultural Management Services , an agricultural consultant firm in Clayton , Louisiana . "  Most of our crops are already planted in the floodplains . They would be destroyed . " He said he was comfortable that the levee would hold , but added that , if it breaks , "  that would be a catastrophe ... it could be years before we could replace that infrastructure . " Any farmers who wind up losing a year 's worth of crops will likely be forced out of the business , since insurance would not cover their losses adequately , he said . In all , Bentley predicted , the floods will affect three major areas in the Lower Mississippi Delta , which begins around Baton Rouge and ends in the Gulf of Mexico . Some 80 miles north of Baton Rouge , the Atchafalaya River diverges from the Mississippi and flows down to the Gulf . The entire Atchafalaya Basin will get from 5 feet to 25 feet of water going down the Atchafalaya , whose surroundings are less populated than the area around the Mississippi River . "  It 's a safer place to discharge water in terms of the human cost , " he said . "  At the same time , there are tens of thousands of people who live there . " The second area of significance is Lake Pontchartrain , a major estuary north of New Orleans that will receive floodwater from the Bonnet Carre Spillway . Bentley predicted that the fertilizer and waste deposited in Lake Pontchartrain will result in "  extensive " blooms of algae by midsummer . "  This is essentially a large , unplanned sediment transport experiment , " he said , adding that he plans to study how effectively coastal bays , lakes and estuaries trap sediment to build new land . The ratio of how much is deposited versus how much is washed out by tides determines how fast land can be built , "  which is what we need to do in order to rebuild the Mississippi River Delta , " he said . The third area is the Mississippi River below New Orleans , which is protected by "  very low and relatively weak levees , " Bentley said . Though the area is largely unpopulated , it is a major navigational channel . Were any place in the Mississippi River system to experience a breach in a levee , that could lead to a change in the river channel , he said . He pointed to areas near the town of Port Sulphur as particularly vulnerable . "  Those are areas where the levees get low and weak . " Under the best-case scenario , the Army Corps of Engineers will prove able to manage the water flow and flooding will be minor . But there is little doubt that property will be lost and the economy will take a hit , Dakka said . "  On the other hand , the worst-case scenario is that the water rises , we 're not able to manage it , it finds the weak areas , exploits those vulnerabilities , perhaps even segments of the river levee get taken out by erosion or collapse due to failure of saturated levees or other things could happen -- ships get loose in the river , barges of chemicals run into the side of the levee . " If levees break , weeks could pass before engineers could reseal them , he said . But Dakka said his worst-case scenario might not tell the whole story . "  There are unintended consequences that are going to happen that we ca n't possibly even fathom right now , " he said . "  We just have to be ready for it , and get people out of the way . " If wide-scale flooding occurs , the resulting economic damage will be felt for years , he predicted . "  Any city that ever floods never really returns economically to where it once was because people do n't have confidence , people do n't want to put businesses there . New Orleans is the big example . " Already , even before the slow-motion disaster has unfolded , policymakers should have learned some lessons , he said . One of them is that flood plains should not have been developed . "  Nature wins in the end , " he said , "  And I just hope that we 've done enough planning that we can basically at least hold it back this one more time . " "  We should really be thinking about whether we want to continue to live in really stupid places , because nature is going to exploit our stupidity , " Dakka said .	Hope prevails that the levee system for the Mississippi River will hold "  Landscape changes considerably " if levees fail , expert Sam Bentley says The levee system "  never been tested under flood conditions like this " "  Nature is going to exploit our stupidity , " says LSU 's Roy Dakka
CNN  -- Two German journalists have been released from prison after being charged with espionage in Iran for interviewing the son and lawyer of a woman condemned to die by stoning , a spokesman for Germany 's Foreign Ministry confirmed Saturday . Both men were in the northwestern city of Tabriz , accompanied by German consular officials , the spokesman said . The officials hoped to bring them to the German Embassy in Tehran later in the day , though no other details were given . Marcus Hellwig and Jens Koch had been sentenced to 20 months in prison . But Iran 's Revolution Court dismissed the sentences , instead slapping each with $ 50,000 fines , Iran 's state-run Press TV said . The two men were arrested in October after they interviewed the son and lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , who was convicted of adultery in 2006 and sentenced to death by stoning . "  Their reports and propaganda in Tabriz proved that they are in the country for spying , " Malek Ajdar Shafiee , the head of the Justice Department of East Azarbaijan , was quoted as saying by Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency .	NEW : Germany confirms release of reporters Both men have had their sentences replaced by fines They were arrested in October and accused of espionage
CNN  -- Two 15-year-olds broke into a Denver middle school armed with what appeared to be BB guns and ransacked several rooms before being taken into custody , police Chief Robert White said Tuesday . Authorities believe the two wanted to steal items from the school , White said . No students were in the building at the time of the late-night burglary at Rachel B. Noel Middle School , and classes were expected to go on as usual Tuesday , he said . An employee saw the students enter the school around 10 p.m. with what appeared to be rifles . Officers surrounded the school before taking the boys into custody . While authorities have not moved the weapons the boys were spotted carrying , investigators who looked at them think they are BB guns , White said . One of the teens was also carrying a computer in a backpack . The other suspect 's backpack has not yet been examined , he added . The teenagers , whose identities have not been made public because they are juveniles , were being interviewed by investigators early Tuesday , White said . "  Preliminarily , the intent appeared to be burglary , " White said . White said the same pair attempted to break into Greenwood Elementary school earlier in the evening , but were n't successful . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	NEW : The teens spotted in a Denver school had BB guns , not rifles , police chief says NEW : Police believe the 15-year-olds were intent on burglary Officers surrounded the school before the arrests
CNN  -- Germany 's intelligence service has intercepted phone calls by two U.S. secretaries of state , German media reports reveal . The news comes several months after Germany complained about the United States eavesdropping on its politicians . German intelligence service BND intercepted a phone call from then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton "  by chance " while Clinton was traveling on a U.S. government plane , the German newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported . The magazine Der Spiegel said this happened in 2012 . And Der Spiegel reported BND intercepted a satellite call from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry in 2013 . According to the Sueddeutsche article , unnamed members of the German government claim that the wiretapping was accidental and not part of a widespread operation to eavesdrop on U.S. politicians . Der Spiegel said the recorded calls were deleted . Sueddeutsche says it and German public broadcasters NDR and WDR based their reports on documents from the case of a German intelligence agent who 'd given information to the CIA . Sueddeutsche gives the man 's name simply as Markus R. and said he was arrested in July after giving the CIA at least 218 classified documents . Der Spiegel , quoting unnamed sources , also reported the Germans have spied on Turkey , a NATO member state . The magazine said it viewed documents supporting the claim from 2009 . Relations between Germany and the United States have suffered lately because of revelations about intelligence gathering . Last month , Germany kicked out the CIA station chief in Berlin after learning that two Germans -- one working at a German intelligence agency , the other in the Ministry of Defense -- were suspected of spying for the United States . Last year , Edward Snowden leaked information that the National Security Agency tapped Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . A German prosecutor has opened an investigation into the matter . The U.S. State Department and representatives for Clinton declined to comment Sunday . CNN Senior Political Correspondent Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	German media : German intelligence agency accidentally recorded Clinton , Kerry calls German officials say they do n't have widespread eavesdropping program , media sources said Germany has criticized the U.S. for tapping Chancellor Angela Merkel 's phone Last month , Germany threw the CIA station chief in Berlin out of the country
CNN  -- America 's Robby Gordon scored a convincing victory in the 12th stage of the Dakar Rally in Peru Friday . Gordon , driving a Hummer , finished over 15 minutes clear of Russia 's Leonid Novotskiy , in a Mini , with Ginel De Villliers of South Africa  Toyota  in third . He recorded a time of two hours 14 minutes and 32 seconds for the 245km timed section of the leg from from Arequipa to Nasca , much of it over sand dunes and awkward terrain . Race leader Stephane Petherhansel of France in his Mini lost time by being stuck in the dunes , but came home sixth . He leads second-placed Nani Roma of Spain , also driving a Mini , by over 20 minutes with two days to go . NASCAR star Gordon is fourth overall , but faces disqualification for an infringement of the rules on Wednesday 's stage which he is appealing . Rally row : Does the Dakar damage the environment ? Peterhansel , who has won the motorcycle section six times , is bidding for a fourth win in the cars and has Roma as his main rival . Third-placed De Villiers is over an hour back in the overall standings . Meanwhile , Spain 's Marc Coma reclaimed the overall lead in the motorcycle section with victory on the stage , leapfrogging France 's Cyril Despres for first place . It was a superb ride from the KTM star , who led home compatriots Joan Barreda Bort , on a Husqvarana , and KTM teammate Jordi Viladoms . Despres finished fourth on the leg and trails the Coma by one minute 35 seconds overall in a titanic battle . The new leader was delighted with his performance on the stage . "  It was a difficult day . I set off four minutes after Cyril  Despres  and I managed to catch up with him . "  It 's no way near over , because there 's another big stage tomorrow , " he told the official race website . Three-time winner Despres sportingly paid tribute to Coma . "  It was a magnificent stage , one of the finest specials that I 've ridden on the Dakar over the last few years , " he said . "  Against Marc Coma , I 'm doing battle with an excellent rider . He 's quick and clever . "	NASCAR star Robby Gordon wins 12th stage of Dakar Rally in Peru Gordon powered through the dunes to win by over 15 minutes Stephane Peterhansel remains top of overall standings Marc Coma of Spain reclaims lead in motorcycle section
April 23 , 2015 Some questions addressed this Thursday : How has the U.S. Supreme Court addressed the use of force by police ? What impact might lower gas prices be having on hybrid vehicle sales ? What is "  The Blob , " and what role does it play in the Pacific Ocean ? We 're also delivering a random fact about a state vegetable and showing how a robot has two legs up on good balance . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- The stands around the boxing ring were mostly empty and the bout was a mere three-round exhibition fight , but Dlandy Regalado Ajete battled as if a title was on the line . "  If you want to be a great boxer in Cuba , " he said , moments after being declared the winner , "  you have to be willing to work hard and sacrifice . " Regalado 's drive is n't unique for Cuba . Boxing , along with baseball , is a passion that runs deep for many of the island 's 11 million inhabitants . And despite Cuba 's small population , the country has been a consistent force to be reckoned with at the Olympic Games , winning 32 gold medals in the sport . Three of those golds went to Cuban boxing legend Teofilo Stevenson . Now 60 years old , Stevenson has lost the quickness in his step and he carries the scars of years of battle in the ring . But his eyes still light up when he discusses the sport that made him a household name around the world . "  Cubans like to box because of our temperament , " Stevenson said , with a smile creeping across his lips . "  Because of our idiosyncrasies and because we have needed to know how to defend ourselves . " After the 1950s Cuban revolution , boxing was briefly banned by the country 's new leaders . But then -- like all sports -- it fell under the control of the government . Today that remains the case as there are no professional sports in Cuba . In the 1960s , boxing trainers -- many of them Soviet -- were brought into work with fledgling talent such as Stevenson . Cuban boxers ' amateur status let them compete in the Olympics , but not on the high profile -- and high paying -- professional fight circuit . Stevenson famously turned a million-dollar offer to fight Muhammad Ali . Other Cuban fighters have chosen a different path , defecting and earning the huge purses not available to them in their home country . Despite those losses , Cuba 's boxing commissioner Alberto Puig says there is a deep talent pool to draw from . "  Our strength comes from the heart , from patriotism , " he said . "  Our boxers may not have a million dollars but they have 11 million Cubans who support them . " Puig said despite the country 's legacy of great boxers , he expected countries like Russia , Kazakhstan and Ukraine to provide strong competition at the 2012 Olympics in London . He believes Cuba 's advantage comes from the government 's ability to identify and cultivate emerging talent at a young age . "  We can say with total certainty that in the farthest corner of Cuba if there 's a talented boxer we know about him and are following his progress , " he said . "  So that maybe one day he might join our national team . " The Rafael Trejo boxing gym in Havana is one of the places where young boxers receive that encouragement from a young age . The students receive lessons as early as eight years old in the gym 's open-air ring . While the facilities are threadbare , the instruction they receive is world class . Two-time Olympic gold medal winner Hector Vinent Charon runs the gym , teaching the children how to throw and take a punch . "  What makes Cubans different is the intelligence that we fight with , " he said , "  Our aggression , our tactics and the way we move . " Vinent said most of the children at the Trejo are boxing as an after-school activity . They will pick up the basics of boxing and confidence while never achieving greatness in the ring . Boxing teaches them skills , he said , they can use in their everyday life . "  We teach them the elements of boxing but also patriotism , " he said . "  How you act in the classroom or on the street . It 's not just boxing . " Vinent is looking for young fighters with drive and something to prove . Because there among the gangly youths bobbing and weaving in his classes , Vinent said , could very well be Cuba 's next champion of the ring .	Boxing is a passion in Cuba , rivaling baseball as the country 's national sport Professional sport is outlawed in Cuba , but the country still produces world-class boxers Cuban heavyweight Teofilo Stevenson won three golds between 1972 and 1980 The men 's boxing event at London 2012 begins at London 's Excel center on July 28
CNN  -- John Oliver says America might be doomed . The "  Daily Show " correspondent was recently in Montreal , where he was hosting a comedy gala called "  Decline of the American Empire ? " at the famous Just For Laughs festival . And while he emphasized the show title 's punctuation , he also noted that , "  The question mark is getting smaller and smaller as the news progresses , particularly today . " Our video interview took place only a few days before the August 2 debt ceiling deadline so , naturally , we focused on the plight of America 's finances . "  It does n't really seem to make any sense , logically , " he says . "  Other than pettiness is something that it seems America is now addicted to . And that 's a hard habit to kick . " Oliver also spoke about the members of the tea party , giving them some credit for their role in the conversation , but also questioning what will become of them after the debt ceiling issue is resolved . "  They have brought to attention that America is $ 14.3 trillion in debt . That 's a lot of dollars . That 's more than $ 14 . And it 's more than $ 14 trillion . It 's $ 14.3 trillion . That 's a lot . So they 've done that . They 've pointed that out . And now they seem to be , for some reason , wanting things to get worse . So I do n't know how they 'll come out of it . I guess the same as they went into it -- angry and confused . " Of course , Oliver also had a few choice words for the media . "  The media has , as it 's always done , done a terrible job reporting on this . They have seen the fire and they 've decided to throw gasoline on it , " he says . "  I 'm sure they 're proud of themselves as they always are . And that is a misplaced pride . " Oliver , who is British and works here on a green card , should n't be confused for a gleeful foreigner who relishes in the financial and political hardships of the United States . Perhaps it 's good for his job as a comedian , but , personally , there 's no sense of schadenfreude . "  I would much rather America was a more stable , wonderful place . You know , I love it . But it is odd seeing it do this to itself for no clear reason . "	"  The Daily Show 's " John Oliver discusses America 's debt crisis The comedian gives the tea party credit for drawing attention to the $ 14.3 trillion debt He also throws some punches at the media for the way it covered the crisis
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A Los Angeles County grand jury has indicted the former city administrator of Vernon , California , an industrial city that borders scandal-plagued Bell , on three felony counts after an investigation into questionable business practices . Court documents show that Donal O'Callaghan has been indicted on two counts of conflict of interest and a count of public officer crime related to the misappropriation of public funds . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office says the counts against O'Callaghan , 54 , involve an alleged misappropriation of more than $ 140,000 . "  The law prevents public officials from making contracts the have a personal interest in and Mr. O'Callaghan made a contract that paid his wife money , " said deputy District Attorney Max Huntsman . "  We 're alleging he paid her more than $ 140,000 . " The grand jury was looking into business deals between O'Callaghan and his wife , Kimberly McBride . According to Vernon city records , the city hired McBride in 2009 as a $ 40-per-hour consultant and for "  administrative account services . " "  It 's preposterous that he was indicted for the hiring of his wife , which was done with the knowledge and consent of the city attorney and the City Council of Vernon , " defense lawyer Mark Werksman told CNN . "  We are seeing an overreaction and hysterical response to the scandal in neighboring Bell , " he said . "  They are looking for examples of municipal government corruption behind every bush . But it is n't here . " Huntsman disagreed with Werksman 's contention . ' I think it 's a reaction to Vernon , which has a long history of criminal behavior by public officials . We heard complaints against Mister O'Callaghan , looked into the law and found a basis for the charges , " Huntsman said . "  The fact that it coincides with criminal charges against officials in Bell has to do with raised public awareness about corruption in municipal governments . " O'Callaghan , who was not taken into custody , pleaded not guilty and posted a $ 50,000 bond , Huntsman said . His next court date is December 3 . If convicted , his maximum sentence is four years and eight months in prison , prosecutors said . The former official was placed on administrative leave August 26 and resigned his city position October 14 . The California attorney general 's office also has launched an investigation into questionable business practices in the industrial city . Vernon has a population of a little less than 100 people , according to the Los Angeles Almanac . But Vernon is home to more than 1,800 businesses , including Farmer John , Tapatio Hot Sauce and Seven For All Mankind Jeans , stacked into just five square miles . The former city manager of Bell , along with four City Council members , two former council members and a former assistant city manager , were arrested in September and face charges that include misappropriation of funds , conflict of interest and making or receiving illegal loans .	NEW : Accused pleads not guilty O'Callaghan was city administrator in Vernon in Los Angeles County A grand jury was looking at his business deals with his wife County on a corruption witch hunt , Donal O'Callaghan 's lawyer says
CNN  -- "  Number nine . Number nine . Number nine . " "  The Beatles : Rock Band , " to be released Wednesday , lets players strum along with classics . The repetitive refrain from one of The Beatles ' most mind-bending journeys into psychedelia -- "  Revolution 9 , " the audio pastiche from "  The White Album " -- is now serving as the backbeat of a big day for the biggest band in rock 'n' roll history . On Wednesday -- 9/9/09 -- remastered versions of the Beatles catalogue will be released , giving listeners what the remaining members of "  The Fab Four " say is the closest reproduction ever of how their music sounded in the studio . The same day , the video game "  The Beatles : Rock Band " is set to be released by Harmonix . Modeled after the already popular "  Rock Band " game , and closely supervised by The Beatles and their estates , the game lets players sing and strum along on a huge list of Beatles classics over scenes ranging from Liverpool 's Cavern Club to their final performance on a London rooftop . And on top of that , there 's rampant speculation that a planned "  music-themed " announcement by Apple Inc. , also scheduled on 9/9/09 , could involve the supergroup . The Beatles are one of a handful of groups whose music has never been approved for sale by Apple 's iTunes , and the timing of the announcement has fueled speculation that could finally change -- or even that specialized Beatles iPods , like the ones sold in 2004 loaded with U2 's music , could be in the works . It 's a remarkable amount of buzz for a band whose roots stretch back nearly five decades . And it 's a clear sign , observers say , that through time and a multitude of cultural shifts , the group 's hold on the public 's imagination has endured . "  People are still looking at Picasso . People are still looking at artists who broke through the constraints of their time period to come up with something that was unique and original , " said Robert Greenfield , a former associate editor at Rolling Stone magazine who has written about the band . "  In the form that they worked in , in the form of popular music , no one will ever be more revolutionary , more creative and more distinctive than The Beatles were . " Research shows that more than 40 years after their last public performance , Paul McCartney , John Lennon , George Harrison and Ringo Starr 's music remains as interesting to young people now as it ever was . A Pew Research survey released last month showed that 81 percent of respondents between ages 16-29 said they liked The Beatles . Eleven percent said they dislike the band and only 4 percent said they have never heard of them . By comparison , current rockers Coldplay received 39 percent positive responses , with 45 percent saying they 'd never heard of them . Forty-two percent said they like hip-hop star Kanye West . "  To put this in perspective : Try imagining young adults back in the 1960s putting the big jazz bands of the roaring '20s at the top of their list of favorites , " the survey reads . "  Not very likely . " Walter Everett , professor and chairman of music theory at the University of Michigan , said his students know The Beatles catalogue as well today as they would have 30 years ago . He said the cultural phenomenon that was The Beatles -- the frenzy-inducing early concerts , the furor when John Lennon said the group was "  more popular than Jesus , " the pre-Internet obsession over "  Paul is dead " rumors -- made them something more than just another rock group . "  They were just idolized , " said Everett , who has written several books on the band . "  It was a musical revolution , but -LSB- also -RSB- the hair , the clothing , their attitude about the establishment , their support of everybody , young and old alike , to try to understand each other at a very difficult time . "  Some of that message endures . " But at the heart of the phenomenon , experts agree , is the music . From the charming , school-boy bop of "  I Want To Hold Your Hand " to the blistering assault of "  Helter Skelter , " the songs , they say , were just that good . "  The point is how great the music is , " Greenfield said . "  It is n't about the fact that The Beatles were willing to practice and get better at what they did -- it was the fact that that band contained at least two-and-a-half geniuses -LSB- Lennon , McCartney and , at times , Harrison -RSB- . " Wednesday 's announcements -- and , in Apple 's case , possible announcement -- show that the minders of The Beatles legacy are keeping up with how today 's music consumers behave , said Bruce Burch , director of the University of Georgia 's music business program . "  A lot of bands and artists have been slow to embrace the fact that technology is driving the industry , " Burch said . "  Their music is not going away and this is a step for them for their music to come into the 21st century . " EMI , which will be releasing the remastered recordings , has been famously protective of The Beatles brand and music . Digital reproductions like MP3s have lower sound quality than albums or compact discs -- one of the reasons they 've been slow to embrace iTunes . But if an announcement on that front is coming , Burch said , it would signal an acknowledgement that such quality-control concerns may be obsolete for the majority of the music-buying public . "  It 's just a different audience out there , " he said . "  They 're used to listening on ear buds . The sound quality , in some cases , maybe is n't ' as important to them . " Everett said that , even with all of the news expected Wednesday , the Beatles music will no doubt remain popular for decades to come -- meaning more new wrinkles are almost certain . "  There 's still more that can be done , " he said . "  Who knows where technology may be in another 10 years ? We may have holographic images . " And regardless of how it 's delivered , no one 's expecting another band to ever eclipse the four lads from Liverpool who would go on to shape popular culture the world over . "  There will probably be another artist that comes along and captures the imagination , " Burch said . "  But it will never be like The Beatles . "	9/9/09 a big day for The Beatles "  Rock Band " video game and remastered albums both to be released Apple Inc. expected to make "  music-related " announcement the same day Expert compares The Beatles to Picasso , says their music will endure
CNN  -- Two journalists in Thailand have been released on bail in a controversial defamation case that has raised concerns over press freedom in the country . Australian journalist and editor of news website Phuketwan , Alan Morison and his Thai colleague Chutima Sidasathian , appeared in court Thursday over a report connecting military personnel to human trafficking . Phuket 's provincial court ruled that the case should proceed and set the first hearing for May 26 . If found guilty , the pair face jail time of up to seven years and a fine of around $ 3,000 each . The charges , which were brought by the Thai navy , relate to an article that Phuketwan , a small news website in the province of Phuket , published on its website in July last year . The report included information from a Reuters investigative piece that alleged some Thai security forces , including navy personnel and police , have been profiting from the smuggling of ethnic Rohingya people fleeing violence in neighboring Myanmar . Reuters won a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage of the plight of the Rohingya Monday . The Royal Thai Navy filed criminal defamation and computer crimes charge against the Phuketwan reporters in December , accusing them of knowingly publishing false information and committing slander . But other Thai news organizations that quoted the Reuters reporting at the center of the case have not been charged , according to Phuketwan . The navy filed a criminal complaint against Reuters , but the news agency has also not been charged , a Reuters spokesperson said Thursday . "  To our understanding , the complaint is under review by the authorities , " she said . The fact that Phuketwan appears to have been singled out for legal action has raised concerns among press freedom advocates that the lawsuit is an attempt to silence the small news site , which has been covering the Rohingya 's movements in Thailand for a number of years . "  We 're keen to get back to what we were doing and that was reporting the Rohingya as an issue , " Morison told CNN Thursday . "  What 's happened is that we 've been diverted by this case to writing about ourselves . So we really have n't been able to cover the Rohingya issue the way we were once able to , and that 's disappointing , and one of the ramifications of the foolishness of this particular lawsuit . " Morison and Chutima were detained in separate cells at the Phuket provincial court for around five hours Thursday while officials made arrangements for bail . "  We lost our freedom . That is a terrible thing , " said Chutima after the pair were released . A local advocacy group , the Andaman community rights and legal aid center provided the bail of 100,000 baht  around $ 3,000  for each journalist . The case against Phuketwan has been condemned by the United Nations and prominent human rights groups , who say that imprisonment is a disproportionate punishment for defamation . Human Rights Watch said the navy should allow authorities to investigate the allegations of trafficking and other mistreatment of Rohingya migrants . "  The trial of these two journalists is unjustified and constitutes a dark stain on Thailand 's record for respecting media freedom , " Brad Adams , Asia director for Human Rights Watch said in an emailed statement Thursday . "  The Thai Navy should have debated these journalists publicly if they had concerns with the story rather than insisting on their prosecution under the draconian Computer Crimes Act and criminal libel statutes , " Adams said . Morison , 66 , who is originally from Melbourne , has been in Phuket for 11 years where he produces Phuketwan and also freelances for international media , including CNN , The Sydney Morning Herald and the South China Morning Post . He worked for CNN as CNN.com Asia Deputy Editor from 2001 to 2002 . Chutima , 33 , has worked as a fixer for several international media organizations whose staff have traveled to Phuket and nearby regions to cover the Rohingya issue , including Reuters . "  These two journalists have done more than most to report accurately from Thailand the plight of Rohingyas . They have also rendered invaluable assistance to journalists at Thomson Reuters and other local and foreign media organizations attempting to report this humanitarian crisis , " the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of Thailand said in a statement . "  The legal action also seriously damages the image of Thailand and claims it may make to supporting freedom of speech and fair comment . " Thailand ranks 130th out of 180 countries in the latest Reporters Without Borders press freedom index . Benjamin IsmaÃ ¯ l , the head of the organisation 's Asia-Pacific desk described the case as "  absurd . " "  If the navy want to dispute the Reuters special report , which has just won a Pulitzer Prize , it can publicly give its version of events and demand the right of reply , " he said . Phuketwan congratulated Reuters for their recent award but has been disappointed by the company 's response to the defamation case . A Reuters spokesperson said Thursday that Chutima was employed "  in a very limited role to help make appointments , " and she was not a part of the team who reported and investigated the stories that were awarded the Pulitzer Prize in international reporting . "  We oppose the use of criminal laws to sanction the press -- large or small , local or international -- for publication on matters of public interest , like the Rohingya , " the spokesperson said . The Thai navy has denied any involvement in people smuggling . A navy official , who asked not to be named , told CNN in December that the navy did not intend to obstruct or threaten any media , but they were seeking to protect the organization from false allegations . The navy could not be reached for comment for this story . Morison is still hopeful that the Thai government will intervene and the case will be dropped before May 26 when he and Chutima are due to appear in court again . "  It all comes down to what constitutes democracy , " he said . "  The media is a very important part of most democracies , and the military should n't be able to sue the media over this kind of issue . " Boatloads of Rohingya fleeing ethnic and religious violence in Myanmar have arrived in Thailand in recent years . Reports of Rohingya ending up in camps where they are held at ransom , beaten , killed or sold as laborers have been documented by NGOs and media organizations . The Thai government says it is committed to combating human trafficking but denies that the Rohingya are victims of trafficking . It says that they are migrants who consent to being smuggled .	Reporters in Thailand formally charged with defamation and granted bail The Thai navy accuses them of ` publishing false information and committing slander ' Rights groups fear for media freedom , say the case is an attempt to silence small website The journalists will appear in court again May 26
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The prospect of being blown up makes defusing landmines dangerous work , particularly in Afghanistan . But that is just one of many dangers that explosives workers face there . On Tuesday , armed men abducted 68 mine defusers who were on their way to clear explosives in the western province of Herat , on Iran 's border , a spokesman for the mine disposal organization that employs them said . Eight of the abducted were able to flee , said Dr. Farid Homayoun of Britain 's Halo Trust . Afghan security forces have surrounded the area , and Halo Trust is trying to enlist the help of local tribal elders to secure the release of the remaining 60 . The organization has 150 mine defusing teams and employs more than 3,000 Afghans , it says on its website . It also destroys other munitions . Since the Soviet Union invaded Afghanistan in 1979 , multiple warring parties have laid landmines , bringing the total number of mines to as many as 640,000 Halo Trust reports . The kidnappers first took the explosives workers -- all Afghan natives -- their vehicles and their equipment to a village . Then the abductors forced the captives to go into the mountains , Homayoun said . No one , including the Taliban , has taken responsibility for the kidnapping , Homayoun said , and no ransom demands have been made . Local police are also working to free them , said Herat province Police Chief Abdul Rauf Ahmadi said . He said the mine clearers traveled to the area without informing area security officials , who could have guarded them in the remote , rugged and insecure region .	The landmine crew of Afghan natives was on its way to clear areas of Herat province The abductors took the workers , their vehicles and their equipment to a village Then the workers were forced to go into the mountains Eight of the abducted fled ; tribal leaders are being called on to help release those still held
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Miami police issued a plea for information Saturday after at least one person with an assault rifle opened fire on a crowd of people on a streetcorner Friday night , killing two teens and wounding seven other people . Evidence markers dot the Miami street where nine people were gunned down with an AK-47 Friday night . "  We need the community to come together , someone come forward and give us a tip , " Miami Police Officer Kenia Alfonso told CNN . "  There are a lot of people in that area . Someone must have seen something , someone must know who could 've done this horrific crime . " Alfonso said two teens , ages 16 and 18 , died in the attack , which broke up a game of craps in front of a grocery store about 9:50 p.m. Friday in the city 's Liberty City neighborhood . Five of the shooting victims were still in the hospital Saturday night , according to CNN affiliate WSVN . Others told WSVN that a masked man with an AK-47 burst onto the scene and ordered everyone to the ground . "  Boy came round the corner ; he was like , ` Get down , ' and he just started shooting , " 16-year-old victim Andrew Jackson told WSVN . Watch as resident describes scene as "  war zone " " Six of the nine shot were current or former Northwestern Senior High School students , Alfonso said . "  It was like a war zone , " resident Joan Rutherford told WSVN . "  I witnessed this guy laying there with his face , looked like it was completely tore off . His eyes was all I could see , and he had a grip on some money and gasping and trying to lift his head up to say something . " Police Chief John Timoney said that at least one man with an AK-47 "  discharged numerous rounds , then ran around the corner . There were some more rounds discharged there from an AK-47 and another weapon . " One of those wounded was in critical condition Saturday and undergoing surgery , Timoney said . "  We are convinced that because of the amount of people out here last night that there is somebody that knows the individuals or individual involved , and we need them to come forward , " Timoney said , according to WSVN . "  These are weapons of war , and they do n't belong on the streets of Miami or any other street in America , " Mayor Manuel Diaz said . Watch Miami residents call for stricter laws " Alfonso said police did not know the motive for the shooting and had no suspects . CNN 's Patty Lane contributed to this report .	NEW : Teen tells WSVN that masked gunman ordered victims to ground , opened fire "  Someone must know who could 've done this horrific crime , " officer says Six victims are students , graduates of Northwestern Senior High School Crowd of people standing at streetcorner was fired upon Friday night , police say
CNN  -- Mexico celebrates its bicentennial Wednesday , an event known as "  El Grito , " the shout for independence first credited to a Catholic priest who demanded freedom from Spain . For many Mexicans today , though , it 's a quiet shout of despair . The country is mired in a bloody drug war that has seen more than 28,000 people killed in less than four years . The economy has barely begun to rebound from the global downturn , which hit Mexico harder than most Latin American countries . Tourism , a major lifeblood for the nation , is drastically down because of the violence and a flu pandemic last year that began in Mexico . And oil revenues , long a rich sustenance for the nation 's economy , also have suffered a major collapse . Despite government efforts to hold a vast celebration that one leading newspaper called part Disney and part infomercial , many Mexicans are just not feeling it . "  The climate in which we 're living in this country does not lend itself to a real celebration , " said Adrian Jesus Garrido Gomez , who owns a car rental company and chauffeur service in Villahermosa , the capital of southeastern Mexico 's Tabasco state . Garrido sounds leery of the nearly $ 232 million  about 2.97 billion pesos  the government says it has spent on celebrations in Mexico City . The lavish events Wednesday night will feature a parade , fireworks and a show that has merited visits by five Latin American presidents and dignitaries from 50 nations . "  They are grabbing it as an effort to make us forget everything that is happening in the country , " Garrido said . "  It 's more of a distraction . " That distraction does not seem to be working . "  Mexico is downbeat , " said Peter Hakim , president emeritus of the Inter-American Dialogue , a non-partisan policy institute in Washington . "  People are nervous about the future . " Andrew Selee , director of the Woodrow Wilson Center 's Mexico Institute , sees Mexico at a crossroads . "  It 's a time of soul-searching , " he said Wednesday . It 's also a time of anxiety for authorities , who want to make sure the festivities go off without any major incidents or violence from the nation 's organized crime groups . A bombing at a Grito celebration two years ago in Michoacan state left eight dead and more than 100 wounded . More recently , narcotrafficking cartels have taken to setting off car bombs , an unprecedented event in the nation 's drug wars . Authorities have dispatched more than 14,000 police and troops to the streets of Mexico City to guard the peace . More than 2 million people are expected to throng the streets of the central city to watch the parade . Mexico formally recognizes its independence day each September 16 -- Thursday -- but the major celebration traditionally begins the night before . Close to midnight , President Felipe Calderon will make the symbolic shout "  Viva Mexico " in the city 's Plaza de la Constitucion , better known as the Zocalo . It is one of the largest plazas in the world . The shout pays tribute to a priest who called for sparked Mexico 's struggle for independence from Spain on Sept. 16 , 1810 . Other cities have canceled celebrations . Juarez , the most violent city in the country , is one of them . Celebrations also were canceled in Tabasco state . That 's probably a good thing , Garrido said . "  You ca n't openly go out and celebrate , " he said . Besides the security concerns , there 's another reason Garrido does not feel like celebrating -- the economy . Rain and recent storms have washed over much of Villahermosa , damaging the tourist trade upon which the father of two young boys relies for his chauffeur and car rental business . "  The little that I make goes to pay bills , " he said . Gone this year , he said , is the usual trip over the holiday to visit his wife 's parents in nearby Veracruz . "  We 're going to have to do it in a more simple way , " he said . Despite the problems and the worries , Selee says Mexicans will rally around the flag this week . "  By tonight , people will celebrate , " he said Wednesday morning . "  When people around the country shout , ` Viva Mexico , ' they will come together with pride about Mexico . " But how long will that last ? "  People will put aside their differences for 24 to 48 hours , " Selee said . Some might say it 's not much of a reprieve for a country celebrating 200 years since it first tried to gain independence .	The 200-year anniversary comes amid drug-war deaths and a slumping economy Some residents see lavish celebrations as an attempt to try to distract the population Analysts see Mexico as "  downbeat " and "  nervous "
San Bruno , California  CNN  -- Pacific Gas & Electric planned in 2009 to replace a section of its gas pipeline just a couple of miles from the section that exploded last week in San Bruno , California , but never spent the $ 5 million of rate increases to do the work , a consumer watchdog group said Wednesday . And further , said TURN -LSB- The Utility Reform Network -RSB- , the utility asked for another $ 5 million for the same project in 2009 -- the year it should have completed the work it has n't even started -- saying it would n't be completed until 2013 . "  The money was spent on what they call higher priority work , " said TURN senior attorney Mike Florio . "  You ca n't track the dollars one by one , but we do know they spent $ 62 million more on management incentive business than they had forecast in 2009 , " he said . "  They spent $ 60 million on going back and re-doing gas leak surveys that they had botched elsewhere on their system . " PG&E responded that it "  is committed to performing the work necessary to assure the safety of its gas transmission system . " The utility said it had identified the line section as a "  high priority project " in the earlier transmission rate filing , but "  rescheduled the project " after an updated assessment in 2009 . But the company did not explain why it needed an additional $ 5 million and three years to complete repairs on a section it said in its most recent rate filing was in the top 100 risks for failure . "  Coupled with the consequences of failure of this section of pipeline , the likelihood of a failure makes the risk of a failure at this location unacceptably high , " the company said in that filing . TURN officials think they know where some of the money went -- in 2009 , the year PG&E did n't spend $ 5 million on fixing the pipeline , the company did spend $ 5 million on bonuses for six top executives . "  The company 's priorities appear to be skewed , " TURN executive director Mark Toney said . The line that exploded in San Bruno was laid down in 1948 , as was the section PG&E was supposed to replace . In the first filing , the utility noted that the "  vintage 30-inch pipeline " runs through "  several High Consequence Areas . " In the second , it said the pipeline was "  located in a heavily urbanized area . " Four people were killed in Thursday 's explosion and fire in the San Francisco suburb , and three are still missing . The blast blew in the doors of a grocery store a quarter-mile  400 meters  away , and the explosion and resulting fire injured 52 people and destroyed 37 homes . The explosion blew a 28-foot section of the pipeline 100 feet in the air . In the filing documents -- provided by TURN -- the section of pipe to be replaced is identified as in the top 100 for highest risks of failure . And since exact locations of pipelines are generally kept secret because of terrorism threats , residents may not even know they live near one until it 's too late . "  If they fixed that section that they said wanted to fix maybe they would have found something that led them to look a mile or two south of there , " Florio said . "  We do n't know that . We do know that the project was slated for 2009 . It did n't get done . Now they 're proposing to do it again in 2013 . " The California Public Utilities Commission has not made a decision on this latest increase request . PG&E has agreed to set up a $ 100 million fund to help rebuild parts of San Bruno .	Pacific Gas & Electric got $ 5 million to replace pipeline in 2009 Utility now requesting another $ 5 million to make repairs it did n't make then PG&E says it 's "  committed " to "  the safety of its gas transmission system " Watchdog group says PG&E spent $ 5 million in bonuses in 2009
CNN  -- A new round of Apple rumors and leaks are suggesting what some tech observers have been predicting for the past year : that a smaller , less expensive iPad is on the way . The talk of a 7-or-8-inch version of the popular tablet  the current model has a nearly 10-inch screen , diagonally  , comes on the heels of Google announcing plans for the Nexus 7 , its own smaller tablet that will be more in the mold of Amazon 's Kindle Fire . The Nexus 7 will have a 7-inch screen and sell for $ 199 like the Fire , which has been one of the few iPad rivals to gain any real traction in the tablet marketplace . Finally , Apple owns the name ` iPad ' On Wednesday , Bloomberg was quoting "  two people with knowledge of the plans " who said Apple will release a smaller iPad by the end of the year . The so far the imaginary , or at least never-seen , device has been dubbed the "  iPad Mini " by speculators in light of the iPod of the same name . The sources said the gadget will have a screen between 7 and 8 inches wide , and one said that it will not have the high-definition "  retina display " screen of the new iPad . Apple rumors can be an amusingly hit-or-miss affair , with random speculation often gaining critical online mass among the millions of diehard Apple fans  or , for that matter , detractors  always on the lookout for what might be coming next . But as the months have gone on , more and more analysts have begun to believe that the arrival of a smaller iPad is a matter of "  when , " not "  if . " Multiple tech sites also are pointing this week to a post from Chinese tech site MyDrivers  Google translation  which quoted sources on Apple 's supply chain in that country saying the new device will have a 7.85-inch screen and be the same thickness as the iPad 2 . Despite a growing tide of "  evidence "  a term used with a hearty grain of salt here  , not all tech observers are convinced . "  So , will there be a smaller version of the iPad ? At the moment , there 's not enough evidence to say and , if anything , on balance it 's most likely not to be the case , " blogger Jamie Condliffe wrote for Gizmodo U.K. "  But that does n't mean we can rule it out . Fortunately , speculation that the device could be launched by the end of year fits with the Apple 's usual October iPhone announcement -- so you might not have to wait too long to find out . " If the rumors are true , it would be Apple 's biggest departure yet from the vision of co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs , who died last year . 5 ways the iPhone changed our lives Jobs was adamant that anything smaller than the iPad would n't deliver the full "  tablet experience . " "  This size is n't sufficient to create great tablet apps in our opinion , " he said of 7-inch tablets in October 2010 , during Apple 's quarterly earnings report . "  Apple 's done extensive user testing on touch interfaces over many years , and we really understand this stuff . "  There are clear limits of how close you can physically place elements on a touch screen before users can not reliably tap , flick or pinch them . This is one of the key reasons we think the 10-inch screen size is the minimum size required to create great tablet apps . " Apple wins ban on two Android devices : What it means for you Is Orbitz steering Mac users toward pricier hotels ?	New reports say Apple could make a smaller iPad by the end of the year Sources tell Bloomberg "  iPad Mini " would have 7-8 inche screen That 's the same as the Kindle Fire and Google 's planned Nexus 7 The move would go against what Steve Jobs said is needed for a tablet
