CNN  -- The death toll from severe storms in northern Arkansas has been lowered to one person , emergency officials said early Saturday . Officials had initially said three people were killed when the storm and possible tornadoes walloped Van Buren County on Friday . The number of injuries in the county was also less than previously reported , said Rene Preslar , a spokeswoman for the Arkansas Department of Emergency Management . There were 10 people injured in the county instead of the 25 previously reported , Preslar said . "  We are still looking at a number of damages , but fortunately the human impact is lower than previously thought . " A total of 23 people were injured statewide , Preslar said . CNN 's Patty Lane contributed to this report .	One person , not three , were killed Friday in Van Buren County , Arkansas Number of injuries in the county also less than previously reported , spokeswoman says A total of 23 people were injured statewide , she said
Seattle  CNN  -- Self-styled superhero Phoenix Jones unmasked himself before cameras Thursday and vowed to keep fighting crime after prosecutors delayed a decision on whether to press assault charges against him . Jones -- who told reporters his real name is Ben Fodor -- routinely patrols downtown Seattle streets decked out in a rubber suit and mask . He was arrested early Sunday on four counts of assault after police said he used pepper spray on a group of people leaving a nightclub . A spokesman for Fodor said he was trying to break up a fight . Video shot by a documentary crew and posted on Phoenix Jones ' Facebook page showed a chaotic scene , with the self-styled super hero being chased by a purse-wielding woman and then shooting what appeared to be pepper spray at a group of people . Fodor was the only person arrested in the incident . Seattle Police said Fodor overreacted , and asserted that the city is not in need of vigilante crime fighters . "  If you see something that warrants calling 911 , call 911 . You do n't need to dress up in a costume to do that , " police spokesman Mark Jamieson said . In court Thursday , Fodor appeared wearing a hood , which a judge 's assistant asked him to remove . Told charges had not been filed against him , Fodor put the rubber hood back on and left the court with a swarm of media cameras following him . Outside the courthouse , Fodor told reporters he would continue his anti-crime patrols and then removed his hood . "  In addition to being Phoenix Jones , " he said . "  I am also Ben Fodor , a father and brother . I am just like everybody else . The only difference is that I try to stop crime . " Fodor also said he would invite the public to accompany him on future patrols . He then walked off without taking any questions from reporters . An Internet search showed Fodor has competed in mixed martial arts events , with a record of 11 wins and no losses . Kimberly Mills , a spokeswoman for the city attorney 's office , said prosecutors will decide whether to file charges against him after they finish interviewing witnesses and complete the investigation into the incident Sunday .	Superhero Phoenix Jones is revealed to be the alter ego of Ben Fodor He appears in court , but is told no charges have been filed against him Charges may be filed later , the city attorney 's office says
CNN  -- Want to get killed off in a "  Game of Thrones " book ? "  Game of Thrones " author George R.R. Martin is offering just that chance to help raise money for the Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary and the Food Depot in Sante Fe , New Mexico . Fans who visit his page on celebrity fundraising site Prizeo can make a donation and be entered to win a trip for two to New Mexico where they 'll ride a helicopter tour the Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary with Martin . Donation levels range from $ 10 to $ 20,000 and the larger to gift the more opportunity there is to receive goodies . For example , $ 100 gets a donor a campaign T-shirt and a thank you video . $ 4,500 could yield a script of the first ever episode signed by the cast and crew and $ 7,500 snags a pair of tickets to the Season 5 premiere of the "  Game of Thrones " television series . But the biggest prize goes to the first fans with deep pockets to ante up . For $ 20,000 , one male and one female character will be named after the donor in a future novel with the author promising the character will "  certainly meet a grisly death . " If you have read his books or watched the show , you know he means it .	Fans can win a chance to be in "  Game of Thrones " book Author promises the character will meet "  a grisly death " Money raised will go to charity
CNN  -- Better mark your calendars : AMC 's premiering its "  Breaking Bad " spinoff , "  Better Call Saul , " across two nights in February . The prequel series , which follows Bob Odenkirk 's criminal lawyer Saul Goodman in his pre-Walter White years , will debut its first episode on Sunday , February 8 , at 10 p.m. ET/PT . Instead of making viewers wait a week for the next installment , AMC will roll out episode two on February 9 , also at 10 p.m. ET/PT . After that , the show will air Monday nights . Developed by "  Breaking Bad " creator Vince Gilligan and writer Peter Gould , "  Better Call Saul " will trace Goodman 's evolution from being a small-time lawyer named Jimmy McGill to the guy we came to know on "  Breaking Bad . " The network started whetting appetites with a teaser trailer Friday . "  D  uring AMC 's first ever two-night series premiere event , we 're going to introduce Jimmy McGill to the world , " network President Charlie Collier said in a statement . "  Known to ` Breaking Bad ' fans as Saul Goodman , viewers will soon discover Saul was n't always Albuquerque 's top criminal  criminal  lawyer . " Odenkirk is n't the only "  Bad " alum involved in the project ; Jonathan Banks will also star in the series as fixer Mike Ehrmantraut . AMC is clearly confident that "  Better Call Saul " will be welcomed by audiences ; the network has already picked it up for a second season .	AMC has set a premiere date for "  Better Call Saul " The first two episodes will bow back-to-back in February The series stars Bob Odenkirk and Jonathan Banks , among others
CNN  -- Honesty is often a rare virtue at the highest level of sport , especially when it comes to admitting mistakes , so McLaren fans may give Martin Whitmarsh some begrudging respect after the team principal accepted responsibility for a catalog of errors this season . The United Kingdom-based constructor may have won twelve drivers ' championships since its creation in 1963 but none will be added in the year of McLaren 's 50th anniversary . Neither Jenson Button nor Sergio Perez have managed to stand on the podium all season , with the Briton 's fifth place in the third race in China the best finish so far . Mexican Perez , 23 , has won 18 points in his first season with McLaren while Button , who won the 2009 title with Brawn , can only muster 47 , trailing leader Sebastian Vettel by 150 points -- or the equivalent of six race victories with just eight rounds left . The problem is that McLaren are currently on course for their first season without a grand prix win in seven years . A number of hasty changes to the car have made racing this year both "  painful and difficult " for Whitmarsh as he revealed in an open interview with Formula One 's official website . "  This year we have made some big mistakes -- that is very obvious , and difficult to rectify , " the Briton said . "  I do n't like it , but there is no point in hiding from it . " The 55-year-old traces the roots of the problems back to the middle of last season , when McLaren dropped off the pace after a bright start . At this point , the car was redesigned , with significant changes to the height of the nose , the configuration of both the front and rear suspensions , as well as the bodywork and exhaust layout . "  In a word , we did too many things which were deviating from a car which was the fastest car about nine or ten months ago , " the McLaren official said . "  The start of the 2012 was good , but then in mid-season we were falling behind and it is about that time that you make these decisions -- and then last year 's car became quicker and quicker . "  It was bad timing , it was misjudgment , and it was ambition . It is very clear in hindsight that we 've got it wrong . But let 's also be fair : this car is now quicker than last year 's car . " Nonetheless , it is still struggling to make any impact in the constructors ' standings , with 11 races of the 19-round season having already gone . McLaren 's tally of 65 points is almost tripled by the team immediately above them in the standings , fourth-placed Lotus , while the Woking outfit 's total is dwarfed by the 312 boasted by Red Bull , who lead the way . When asked who should carry the can for the failed redesign of the car , Whitmarsh resisted any temptation to seek out scapegoats . "  Ultimately I take the blame for it , " he said . "  I am happy to name names when we are successful and give them the opportunity to stand on the podium , but it is my job when things have n't gone so well to take the responsibility . " Critics of Whitmarsh , who has been with McLaren for a quarter of a century , will point to the team 's inability to win a championship since he replaced the retiring Ron Dennis in 2009 , a year after the team 's last championship title . The closest McLaren came to a championship under his control was in 2010 when Lewis Hamilton had a chance of winning the title on the final day of the season , only for Vettel to take the glory . There has been some good news for Whitmarsh this week though . At Sunday 's Belgian Grand Prix , Button felt the car performed the best it had all season with the Briton , 33 , also publicly stating in recent days how he hopes to sign a new three-year contract with the team . Whitmarsh had considered trying to lure Kimi Raikkonen , who has been in great form this year , back to McLaren for next season , revealing that talks last year to the same effect failed "  for various reasons " . However , he also feels he owes the current stable a car that will enable them to challenge far higher up the table . "  We have n't given our drivers the car we should have done this year . But they 've been fantastic ambassadors and I think they deserve another go with us next year . "  If we give them a car that is good enough , they both can win . We know that . " And having had a front row seat for more than 100 of McLaren 's 182 grand prix wins , Whitmarsh is confident that the team can turn itself around ahead of the 2014 season . "  Looking over the last 20 years , we are pretty consistent , " he rallied . "  Yes , this is a bad year but usually we come back strong -- and that is what we will do next year . "	McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh admits ` big mistakes ' in 2013 season McLaren without a podium finish in year of 50th anniversary Whitmarsh says Jenson Button and Sergio Perez "  deserve " to be at McLaren next season
CNN  -- Singapore 's Gross Domestic Product is expected to shrink as much as 5 percent in 2009 , far more than the 1 to 2 percent contraction predicted earlier this month , the government said . People walk out for their lunch break in the financial district of Singapore on Wednesday . The Ministry of Trade and Industry said it expected a GDP reduction of between 2 and 5 percent this year . Singapore 's economy grew by 1.2 percent in 2008 , the government said , far lower than its 7.7 percent growth in 2007 . Slowdowns in manufacturing , trade , transport and storage , information and communications and the financial services sectors contributed to the decline , the government said . The global financial crisis led to a "  significant decline in fund management and stock broking activities in the second half of 2008 , " and a sharper downturn was expected in 2009 , the ministry said . The ministry cited data on retail sales and unemployment in the United States , industrial production in Europe and on Asian exports for the weaker outlook . Inflation was expected to ease slightly , however . The finance minister is expected to deliver the 2009 budget statement on Thursday .	Gross Domestic Product reduction between 2 and 5 percent expected Ministry cites data on U.S. retail sales and unemployment , Asian exports Finance minister expected to deliver the 2009 budget statement Thursday
Kenneth Bae , a U.S. citizen being held in North Korea , told reporters on Monday that he had committed a "  serious crime " in the secretive nation and that he had not experienced abusive treatment by the regime . "  I would like to plead with the U.S. government , press and my family to stop worsening my situation by making vile rumors against North Korea and releasing materials related to me , which are not based on the facts , " he said before video cameras in Pyongyang . "  I want to be pardoned by the North as soon as possible and return to my beloved family , " Bae told journalists from several news organizations . "  For that , I ask the U.S. government , press and my family to make more active efforts and pay more attention . " Bae 's family did just that . His sister Terri Chung released a statement that later Monday , at one point , addresses North Korean leaders . "  We understand that Kenneth has been convicted of crimes under  North Korean  laws . Our family sincerely apologizes on Kenneth 's behalf . Kenneth has also acknowledged his crimes and has apologized . He has now served 15 months of his sentence , but faces chronic health problems . We humbly ask for your mercy to release my brother . " Chung said the video showed that her brother was worn down . "  In his eyes , I could see that he was distressed , " she said . Any statement made by Bae in captivity would be sanctioned by the North Korean government , whose widespread human rights abuses are known to the world . The country has a long history of exacting false "  confessions . " In December , 85-year-old Merrill Newman , a veteran of the Korean War , was freed from captivity in North Korea after being forced to give a false confession , he said afterward . "  Anyone who has read the text of it or who has seen the video of me reading it knows that the words were not mine and were not delivered voluntarily . Anyone who knows me knows that I could not have done the things they had me ` confess ' to , " he wrote . Bae , of Lynwood , Washington , was arrested in November 2012 in Rason along North Korea 's northeastern coast . The devout Christian and father of three operated a China-based company specializing in tours of North Korea , according to his family and freekennow.com , a website friends set up to promote his release . "  Several years ago , Kenneth saw an opportunity that combined his entrepreneurial spirit with his personal convictions as a Christian , " the site said . "  He believed in showing compassion to the North Korean people by contributing to their economy in the form of tourism . " The North Korean government accused Bae of planning to bring down the government through religious activities .	Kenneth Bae 's family apologizes to North Korea on his behalf Bae -- still being held in North Korea -- says he committed a "  serious crime " The country has a long history of forcing false confessions Recently released Merrill Newman said his confession was false and forced
CNN  -- Suffice it to say that of all possible storylines to emerge , heading into the election of a new pope , sensational charges of a shadowy "  gay lobby "  possibly linked to blackmail  , whose occult influence may have been behind the resignation of Benedict XVI , would be right at the bottom of the Vatican 's wish list . Proof of the Vatican 's irritation came with a blistering statement Saturday complaining of "  unverified , unverifiable or completely false news stories , " even suggesting the media is trying to influence the papal election . Two basic questions have to be asked about all this . First , is there really a secret dossier about a network of people inside the Vatican who are linked by their sexual orientation , as Italian newspaper reports have alleged ? Second , is this really why Benedict XVI quit ? The best answers , respectively , are "  maybe " and "  probably not . " It 's a matter of record that at the peak of last year 's massive Vatican leaks crisis , Benedict XVI created a commission of three cardinals to investigate the leaks . They submitted an eyes-only report to the pope in mid-December , which has not been made public . It 's impossible to confirm whether that report looked into the possibility that people protecting secrets about their sex lives were involved with the leaks , but frankly , it would be surprising if it did n't . There are certainly compelling reasons to consider the hypothesis . In 2007 , a Vatican official was caught by an Italian TV network on hidden camera arranging a date through a gay-oriented chat room , and then taking the young man back to his Vatican apartment . In 2010 , a papal ceremonial officer was caught on a wiretap arranging liaisons through a Nigerian member of a Vatican choir . Both episodes played out in full public view , and gave the Vatican a black eye . In that context , it would be a little odd if the cardinals did n't at least consider the possibility that insiders leading a double life might be vulnerable to pressure to betray the pope 's confidence . That would apply not just to sex , but also potential conflicts of other sorts too , such as financial interests . Vatican officials have said Benedict may authorize giving the report to the 116 cardinals who will elect his successor , so they can factor it into their deliberations . The most immediate fallout is that the affair is likely to strengthen the conviction among many cardinals that the next pope has to lead a serious house-cleaning inside the Vatican 's bureaucracy . It seems a stretch , however , to suggest this is the real reason Benedict is leaving . For the most part , one should probably take the pope at his word , that old age and fatigue are the motives for his decision . That said , it 's hard not to suspect that the meltdowns and controversies that have dogged Benedict XVI for the last eight years are in the background of why he 's so tired . In 2009 , at the height of another frenzy surrounding the lifting of the excommunication of a Holocaust-denying traditionalist bishop , Benedict dispatched a plaintive letter to the bishops of the world , voicing hurt for the way he 'd been attacked and apologizing for the Vatican 's mishandling of the situation . Even if Benedict did n't resign because of any specific crisis , including this latest one , such anguish must have taken its toll . Benedict is a teaching pope , a man who prefers the life of the mind to the nuts and bolts of government , yet an enormous share of his time and energy has been consumed trying to put out internal fires . It 's hard to know why Benedict XVI is stepping off the stage , but I doubt it is because of a "  gay lobby . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John L. Allen Jr. .	Benedict XVI not stepping down under pressure from ` gay lobby , ' Allen says Allen : Benedict is a man who prefers the life of the mind to the nuts and bolts of government However , he says , much of the pope 's time has been spent putting out fires
CNN  -- Most Americans think of the Arctic as an icy , distant place ; beautiful , remote and teeming with wildlife , but unrelated to their daily lives . Nothing could be further from the truth . This summer , big doings on America 's northern doorstep will have enormous consequences to the economic , strategic and environmental future of the nation . Yet we are unprepared for the challenges and opportunities . What happens in the Arctic as ice melts there could soon cheapen the cost of the gas you buy and products you purchase from Asia . It could help make the nation more energy independent . It could draw our leaders into a conflict over undersea territory . It is already challenging Washington to protect millions of square miles filled with some of the most magnificent wildlife on Earth , and native people whose culture and way of life is at risk as a squall line of development sweeps across the once inaccessible top of the planet . Opinion : It 's time to develop our Arctic resources For America , the stakes are huge : A chance to gain wealth and global influence in the newest geopolitical playing field , but there is also potential environmental and security disaster if looming challenges are mishandled or ignored . If that sounds farfetched , consider the following : -- Shell is poised to sink exploratory wells -- temporary ones drilled from ships -- 70 miles north of Alaska in a few weeks . The operation will assess whether an estimated 27 billion barrels of oil is there . This is roughly three times the amount that has been extracted from the Gulf of Mexico over the past 20 years . Shell Oil ship slips anchor ; incident raises questions about Arctic drilling plan Proponents believe a discovery would cut America 's dependence on foreign oil and provide jobs and needed revenue to the Treasury Department . They say the oil could be extracted safely . Opponents fear a spill would be a disaster , being difficult to clean up in icy seas . More oil companies wait in the wings and also own offshore leases . -- In Washington , politicians are jockeying over whether to ratify "  The Law of the Sea Treaty , " under which countries abutting oceans will be able to claim up to 200 extra miles of undersea territory if they can prove it an extension of their continental shelves . For the U.S. , that could mean extra territory the size of California off Alaska . President Barack Obama and former President George W. Bush support the treaty , as does an oddly aligned group including the Pentagon , Sierra Club , oil companies , shipping companies and environmentalists , who favor the part of the treaty designed to help protect the world 's oceans . Although every other Arctic country has ratified the treaty , in the U.S. it has been blocked for years by conservative senators who fear that it gives too much influence to multinational bodies . -- An undersea land rush has started under the treaty , with Russia claiming an area the size of France and Spain combined . Norway 's claim has been granted , and other Arctic nations preparing to file claims . One U.S. Coast Guard admiral , speaking of the treaty , told me , "  If this was a ball game , the U.S. would n't be on the field , in the stadium or even in the parking lot . We 're last in this race . " -- The Russian military has identified the Arctic as one of the likely places for conflict to erupt in the 21st century over resources . Even if actual combat never occurs , whoever controls the high north will wield enormous influence in the coming decades . Russia has 18 working icebreakers . The U.S. has one . Russia is opening their Arctic sea lanes to commercial shipping . The U.S. has no permanent Coast Guard or Naval presence yet in the high north , although both branches of the service are preparing to move north . Naval war games last fall anticipated security challenges in the near future : how to deal with terrorists in the Arctic , how to deal with a rogue ship carrying nuclear weapons in the Arctic , how to move a U.S. fleet around the top of the planet , how to help clean up an oil spill . Gamers concluded the Navy needs to prepare and needs more resources . -- The Northwest Passage is the long-dreamed-of , formerly iced-over sea route between Europe and Asia . This route around the top of Canada and Alaska has killed hundreds of sailors and explorers for centuries , locking their ships in ice , starving them , freezing them , driving them insane and causing survivors to eat each other . Yet in summers , that passage is now so clear that tourist ships routinely sail through it . Even private yachts make the trip . It is expected that commercial shipping will follow . That 's because a single Chinese container ship sailing the Northwest Passage between Shanghai and New York instead of using the Panama Canal would save an estimated $ 2 million each way on gas and tolls . In short , the region is opening . For the past three years , I 've spent much time in northern Alaska researching for my book , "  The Eskimo and the Oil Man . " It 's about the grand challenges facing the world there , as seen through the eyes of an Inupiat Eskimo leader who is a grandfather and whale hunter , and the Shell executive sent to drill for oil off Alaska 's North Slope . I sailed on the only U.S. icebreaker for six weeks , sat in on meetings at the Senate over the Arctic , attended a naval war game and met regularly with other oil executives and Inupiat leaders , whale hunters and families on the North Slope . That 4,000-year-old culture sits at the border between wise development and environmental anarchy , and the people of America 's polar county will soon watch with hope and fear as the oil ships move north . Their concerns are not just local ones but should engage every American . If you care about the environment , if you care about gas prices , if you care about where our soldiers and navy may serve next , if you want the U.S. to remain strong and dominant in the world , look to the north this summer . Look to the Arctic . That 's where much of our common future is about to play out . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Reiss .	Shell is planning to drill 70 miles north of Alaska to see whether 27 billion barrels of oil are there Bob Reiss : For America , the stakes are huge in the Arctic He says opening of the region could cheapen price of gas and products from Asia Reiss : If you want the U.S. to remain strong and dominant in the world , look to the north
CNN  -- It was Pakistan 's birthday on August 14 , and no one celebrated . The monsoon floods that engulfed most of the country and affected 20 million people have added yet another burden of misery onto the shoulders of the average Pakistani . More than 4 million people are homeless . Livestock , crops and livelihoods were destroyed . How far this once-proud nation has fallen . In Urdu , Pakistan means the "  land of the pure . " It reflects the noble intentions of its creators to build a nation that enshrined the best of Islamic principles . Unfortunately , that nobility has given way to chaos because of bad luck , incompetent political leaders , corruption and religious extremism . Pakistan may be a world away from the United States , but instability feeds the extremism that fuels terrorism , so we ignore this crisis at our peril . To find the path forward , we must look back to the past . During the 1970s , my father packed up our family of five and moved us to Pakistan . He believed Pakistan had higher standards of early schooling and stronger social values than his adopted home of England . Soon after , Russian tanks rumbled into Afghanistan and then came wave after wave of Afghan refugees . By the mid '80s , the full impact of the war waging next door came home to Pakistan . The U.S. priority was to evict the Russians from Afghanistan at any cost . Pakistan followed along . As a result , educating the masses , dealing with a sea of refugees , nurturing democracy , developing infrastructure and eradicating Afghan heroin all took second place . The Pakistan my father brought us home to experience was disappearing before our eyes . This was a defining moment . Instead of focusing on its own problems , it chose instead to fight the war for the West , and 30 years later , Pakistan is still paying for this decision . After Russia withdrew from Afghanistan in 1989 , the Americans walked away . But Pakistan could n't . Growing unrest and infighting in Afghanistan gave the Taliban an opportunity to step in . The only thing that mattered to the Taliban was how quickly and crudely the practitioners could inflict their horrifying version of Islam on the Afghan people . Then , all hell broke loose on September 11 , 2001 . Since 9/11 , Pakistan has supported America 's intervention in Afghanistan , the right decision but one fraught with controversy . It has torn Pakistan into factions and triggered suicide bombings . Even before the monsoon hit , the country was an economic , political and social disaster . Can Pakistan be saved ? I believe it can , but the fortunes of this ailing nation can only be changed with America 's help . America may not have intended to hurt Pakistan , but it 's clear that Pakistan 's support for U.S. policy contributed to its decline . The good news is that today there is real opportunity for change . Pakistan needs America 's help . America needs a stable Pakistan . The United States was the first nation to offer aid after the flooding disaster , pledging $ 150 million . This is a positive first step in a much-needed long-term reconstruction plan for Pakistan . But as important as the money is , ensuring that it 's spent on the right things is even more critical . The Pakistan government needs to focus on three things to stop the country 's downward spiral : education , infrastructure and security . Educating Pakistan is not a matter of choice , but of utmost necessity . The literacy rate for men is 61 percent , and for women it 's 32 percent . Ignorance breeds poverty and extremism . Education can help break that cycle . Funding must be in place to teach every child to read and write . Educating the country 's Muslim leaders is just as important . These mullahs interpret the Quran for the people , and often they do so in an uninformed , uneducated way that distorts the true teachings of Islam . A national program to certify these religious leaders is needed to address this most pressing challenge . As for infrastructure , what little was there has been washed away . The roads are a mess , electricity goes out most days and not enough food is produced . The failure of the government to deliver on the basics has demoralized the population and dampened the spirits of its entrepreneurs . Pakistan has to fix the electrical grid and improve its agricultural sector . The United States could help by opening its doors to Pakistani exporters and embarking on programs to share knowledge and help Pakistani industrialists grow their companies . In terms of security , with Afghanistan at war on one side and the barely held truce with India on the other , Pakistan needs to secure its borders , ignore the problems of its neighbors and focus internally . This means militarizing its border on the Afghan side and closing it to all but legitimate trade traffic . The core source of strife with India is the 63-year-old dispute over Kashmir , where in the past two decades , more than 80,000 Kashmiris have been killed . If America were to assist both countries in solving this issue , it would go a long way to repairing the Pakistan-India relationship . Education , infrastructure and security : Pakistan must focus on these areas with laser-like intensity and exhibit courage and vision to raise its people out of despair . I believe in Pakistan , as my father did . And with America 's support and investment , someday Pakistan may even be able to dream again of achieving its noble destiny as the "  land of the pure . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sharjeel Kashmir .	Sharjeel Kashmir : Even before floods , Pakistan was an economic , political , social mess Aid for U.S. in Afghanistan tore Pakistan into factions , sparked suicide attacks , he writes Kashmir : Pakistan needs America 's help ; America needs a stable Pakistan Pakistan must focus on education , infrastructure and security , he writes
CNN  -- He 's unlikely to break a world record or even win a medal but New Zealand 's Blake Skjellerup is likely to generate plenty of headlines if he gets to February 's Winter Olympics . The speed skater is currently the only openly gay athlete who could compete in Sochi , at a Games already tinged by Russia 's controversial laws on homosexuality . The June ruling prohibits the distribution of information to minors promoting same-sex relationships and the public discussion of gay rights , but Skjellerup has promised not to shy away from the issue . Instead , he 's planning to tackle it head on . And if Russian President Vladimiar Putin , who signed off the bill , is sincere when recently saying that all competitors will be welcome -- "  regardless of nationality , race or sexual orientation " -- then the 28-year-old 's potential arrival will be the acid test . Especially if he starts wearing the rainbow badge that has been made especially for him , one bearing the words "  Blake Skjellerup -- Proud 2014 " . "  I will express my feelings and emotions openly  in Sochi  , " the Kiwi told CNN . "  I am not going to go back into the closet in any way . I am proud of who I am . "  Yes , Sochi is about my competitive nature -- it 's about me competing as a speed skater -- but on the other hand , it 's about standing up for what I believe in and being proud of that . " Skjellerup came out after competing at the last Winter Olympics , saying he had chosen not to do so beforehand in order to avoid unwanted distractions in his build-up . In Vancouver four years ago , he reached the quarterfinals in the men 's 1000m short-track event -- and he will soon find out if he has qualified for the 500m at next year 's Games . Another reason given for not coming out prior to the 2010 Games was a reluctance to alienate sponsors and in August , Skjellerup launched an online campaign to generate funds for his Sochi participation . This was predicated upon a desire to represent the Lesbian , Gay , Bisexual and Transgender  LGBT  community , with the Kiwi explaining in a promotional video that "  love is a human right " and decrying the fact that the act of same-sex couples holding hands in Russia could lead to a jail term . He has also produced a badge that he will sell to raise funds for his participation and which he intends to wear in Russia , despite the punishments that could come his way . "  The idea behind the pins is about showing a part of me that I am very proud to be , " explained a man who lives and trains in the Canadian city Calgary . "  In my mind , it is no different to  sporting  a cross or a cultural tattoo . The pin is something I can wear to show that I am proud of who I am and also offer solidarity to the people of Russia , because it is not fair what is happening to them . "  I am in their country , I should respect that but I respect them , because they are the ones who are being oppressed -- and they are the ones who are having to hide who they are and having to live their lives in a way that is n't healthy . " In August , Human Rights First issued a report on the anti-gay "  propaganda " law and on the state of LGBT rights in Russia called "  Convenient Targets . " Since 2006 , it says , 10 regional legislative bodies have adopted laws prohibiting the "  propaganda " of homosexuality but those laws have seldom been applied . It also reports that during the first half of 2013 there were 13 beatings and one murder "  motivated by anti-gay bias . " In 2012 , there were 12 attacks ; in 2011 , three . On a visit to inspect Sochi 's facilities in September , the International Olympic Committee  IOC  dismissed concerns over the bill . "  As long as the Olympic Charter is respected , we are satisfied . This is the case , " said Jean-Claude Killy , who headed up the visiting IOC delegation . There have been widespread calls for a boycott of the Sochi Olympics in light of the anti-gay laws , but Skjellerup takes a very different view . "  I think being Sochi is a good thing -- not just for me but for this human rights movement , " he said . "  It 's something that should n't be there , and the fact that it came into law in 2013 is absurd . "  I do n't know what they were thinking nor what the intent is behind this . It makes no sense to me . "	Openly gay speed skater Blake Skjellerup says he will stand up for his beliefs in Sochi New Zealander intends to wear rainbow-themed badge at Games if he qualifies 28-year-old says he is standing in solidarity with "  oppressed " Russians .
CNN  -- At least five people were killed in Oklahoma on Monday after a severe storm system spawned multiple tornadoes across the state , the state emergency management department said . Three people died in Cleveland County , just west of Tecumseh , Oklahoma , said Albert Ashwood , director of the state emergency management department , and another was reported dead near Choctaw , east of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma . The location in Oklahoma of the fifth person who died was unknown late Monday night . Brenda Finkle , director of corporate communications for Norman Regional Health System , said the company 's hospital in Norman admitted eight patients Monday night in critical condition with crush injuries and head trauma . At least 25 other people filled the waiting room of Norman Regional Hospital with lacerations and head wounds , Finkle said , adding hospital staff expected more patients to continue to seek treatment . Another 20 people were either getting medical care or awaiting treatment at Moore Medical Center , just north of Norman , according to Finkle . OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , received two patients with broken bones , according to spokesman Allen Poston . The Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management reported seven injuries . Video out of Norman showed overturned cars , snapped utility poles , downed trees and severely damaged homes . Several mobile homes were blown to pieces in one neighborhood where debris littered yards and streets alongside large trees ripped straight from the ground . A truck stop east of Oklahoma City was demolished , taking a direct hit from one of the tornadoes , according to a spokeswoman for Love 's Travel Stops and Country Stores . Motorists pulled off Interstate 40 and sought shelter in the truck stop 's large coolers and restrooms before the tornado tore the roof off the building , blew out car windows and overturned tractor-trailers , spokeswoman Christina Dukeman said . Video showed people outside the truck stop receiving treatment for minor injuries . Laura O'Leary , a spokeswoman for the Emergency Medical Services Authority , said seven people were transported from around the immediate area to local hospitals in good and fair condition , "  a miraculously low number ... considering the volume of area the tornado covered . " Love 's employee Charlescie Greenway said she and two other women made it to one cooler before the twister tore through the building . "  The three of us were kind of trapped in there , holding the door shut , praying to God that we do n't die and that everybody else was safe , " Greenway told CNN affiliate KWTV , adding , "  it was really scary -- the wind was like trying to pull the door off the latch . " Sammy Ward and his partner rode the twister out in their truck in the parking lot . "  It started hailing and then it quit hailing and then all of a sudden the wind hit and it just went dark and here went everything , " Ward told KWTV . "  Trucks went to rocking ... and next thing we know the whole roof and everything was gone . " Ward , who said he felt "  very lucky , " said the event lasted two to three minutes . Ashwood said crews were working to assess the damages in at least 13 counties , adding "  numerous " homes had been affected . Are you there ? Send photos , video The American Red Cross opened at least two shelters in McCloud , Oklahoma , and Tecumseh , Oklahoma , and continued to assess needs across the state . More than 31,000 homes were without power in the metro Oklahoma City area -- nearly 15,000 in Norman alone , according to Oklahoma Gas & Electric . Ashwood said preliminary reports out of Norman indicate the damages are "  similar to what you would see with an EF3 " tornado , referring to the Enhanced Fujita Scale for measuring the strength of tornadoes . An EF3 is capable of producing winds up to 165 mph . CNN iReporter Rebecca Barbato said tornado sirens were going off in her neighborhood in Moore , just north of Norman , when tennis-ball-sized hail began raining down on her roof . Other tornadoes were reported in Yukon , Medford and Shawnee in Oklahoma , and in Wichita , Kansas . The storms struck around 5 p.m. CT  6 p.m. ET  . Meteorologists warned throughout the day Monday of the potential for tornadoes . CNN 's Devon Sayers and Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	NEW : At least five killed in Oklahoma American Red Cross opens up at least two shelters Truck stop on Interstate 40 east of Oklahoma City destroyed by twister Storms damaged homes , overturned cars , downed trees in Norman , Oklahoma
CNN  -- Cheryl Bradshaw shivered under a big brown coat as she made her way through a line of people waiting along an icy road in Wilmington , Ohio . She was among about 5,000 residents who accepted food from the nonprofit Feed the Children . The nonprofit Feed the Children delivers boxes of food and other items to families Thursday in Wilmington , Ohio . "  A lot of this people in this town ... it 's day to day , dollar to dollar , " Bradshaw said of the town of about 12,000 between Cincinnati and Columbus . Wilmington is still reeling from news that delivery giant DHL would close its hub there . About 3,000 of the 8,000 people who faced layoffs lived in or around Wilmington . One in three families in Wilmington had someone employed at DHL , according to an economic task force created by Mayor David Raizk . A crowd gathered Thursday as 12 loaded semitrailers cautiously parked on slippery roads . Each family got two boxes . One had 25 pounds of canned food and vegetables . Another contained 10 pounds of personal care items . Watch as townspeople describe tough times " Bradshaw said she appreciated the help . She got laid off in December from ABX Air , a Wilmington-based air cargo services company that worked with DHL . "  We are raising two grandkids , and we only have one income , so it 's a big , big blessing , " she said . Tony Sellars , the nonprofit 's director of communications , said , "  This is the largest distribution we have had in such a small town . " Sellars said the organization is monitoring layoff conditions in various cities and identifying critical locations where it can be of assistance . "  We have been around since 1979 , and this is unprecedented in terms of need , " Sellars said . "  In Wilmington , the residents are proud and confused ; they are resilient and trying to solve their problems on their own , but they do n't know where to turn . " Feed the Children distributed the food and other items in conjunction with partners that include Avon Products and the local Sugartree Ministry Center . Larry Jones , founder and president of Feed the Children , urged communities to reach out to one another . "  If we are going to solve the problem , it 's not going to be the government ; it 's going to be churches and charities and colleges , literally everyone working together , " Jones said . "  We are not the total answer , but we are part of the answer , and hopefully when people see us doing what we are doing , they will join in to help . " Ohio is facing one of the highest jobless rates in the country -- 7.8 percent in December . The nation 's unemployment rate is 7.6 percent . DHL 's decision to close its hub in Wilmington has had a ripple effect . Sharon Testa , 48 , who owns the Mediterranean Restaurant in downtown , has lived in Wilmington for 20 years . "  Our business opened two years ago because we had a lot of international people coming in to work for DHL or companies affiliated with them , " Testa said . "  Everyone is concerned . We do n't want our city to shrivel up ; people who still have jobs are trying to come in to keep the business running . " Helen Keech , 50 , who works at the Arby 's near where DHL was located , said that the restaurant used to open early for the DHL employees . She said there were many businesses in that building , including ABX and DHL , and now that there are less employees , things will change . "  It 's gon na be a ghost town I can tell you that , " Keech said . CNN 's Amy Sahba contributed to this report .	Closing of delivery giant DHL leaves Ohio town of Wilmington reeling About 5,000 in town of 12,000 accept food from nonprofit Feed the Children Official : "  This is the largest distribution we have had in such a small town " Resident says she fears loss of jobs will turn Wilmington into a "  ghost town "
CNN  -- All five members of a family found slain inside a Beason , Illinois , home early this week were beaten to death , police said Thursday . Police officers stand patrol outside the Gee household late Monday evening . A pathologist determined that the five -- Raymond Gee , 46 ; Ruth Gee , 39 ; and three children -- had been beaten , Logan County Sheriff Steve Nichols told reporters . "  All the injuries at the scene were from blunt-force trauma . " The three children were identified as Justina Constant , 16 , Dillen Constant , 14 , and Austin Gee , 11 . A 3-year-old girl remained in critical but stable condition Thursday at a hospital , Nichols said . He said he would not divulge or speculate what the family was beaten with , and remained tight-lipped about many aspects of the deaths , including when authorities believe they occurred . Beason is in central Illinois , about 45 miles northeast of Springfield , the state capital . A task force has been formed with officers from several different agencies to investigate the homicides , the sheriff said . Processing of the crime scene concluded Wednesday afternoon , and "  hundreds of seized items " are being processed , he said . "  Forensic evidence in this case is significant . " The sheriff has said authorities received a 911 call about a possible shooting at the home shortly before 4:30 p.m. Monday . Nichols said authorities are looking for a gray-primer-painted pickup truck that was seen in the area Sunday night . "  We 'll take any tip that anybody has , " he said . A tip line has been set up at 217-732-3000 , Nichols said .	Two adults , three children died of blunt force trauma , pathologist finds Killings occurred in Beason , Illinois , about 45 miles northeast of Springfield One survivor , a 3-year-old girl , hospitalized in critical condition
CNN  Know who 's to blame for this nasty , bone-chilling cold ? Elsa ! That no-good Queen of Arrendale , with her "  cold never bothered me anyway " mantra . Well , it bothers the cops in Harlan City , Kentucky . And they 've put out an all points bulletin to arrest the Snow Queen from "  Frozen . " "  Suspect is a blonde female last seen wearing a long blue dress and is known to burst into song ` Let it Go ! ' " the suspect description read . To be sure , the cops had their tongues firmly planted in their cheek . It 's a way , they say , to draw attention to something that 's no laughing matter . This miserable cold has turned downright deadly in some cases . Ten people have died in this cold snap in Tennessee -- five of them of hypothermia . "  As a reminder , do take the precautions you need to keep you , your friends , family , neighbors and pets safe during the snow queen 's mad spell , " the department posted in a followup message on Facebook . Frozen sums up the misery in the country 's eastern half from Illinois to mid-Florida . The bitter cold has turned Niagara Falls into a static ice-capade and nipped at orange crops in the Sunshine state . Thirty states have wind chill warnings and advisories posted through Friday , and 185 million people are feeling the deep freeze . The Harlan City cops are n't the first , nor will they be the last , law enforcement agency to  jokingly  ID a scapegoat for the cold . Last week , cops in Merrimack , New Hampshire -- fed up with the snow their region has gotten this winter -- put out an arrest warrant for the prognosticating groundhog Punxsutawney Phil . "  We have received several complaints from the public that this little varmint is held up in a hole , warm and toasty , " the department posted on its Facebook page . "  He told several people that Winter would last 6 more weeks , however he failed to disclose that it would consist of mountains of snow ! " Two years ago , Phil was indicted for lying when winter continued longer than he predicted .	Police in Kentucky put out an APB for the Snow Queen on Facebook About this time of winter , law enforcers often seek comic relief against the cold
CNN  -- In a rare move , "  Alone Yet Not Alone " is ending its Oscar run on a low note . The Academy rescinded the best original song nomination for the film of the same name over accusations of improper campaigning . Its board of governors voted Tuesday night after revelations that the song 's composer , Bruce Broughton , e-mailed members during the voting period . Broughton is a former member of the board . "  No matter how well-intentioned the communication , using one 's position as a former governor and current executive committee member to personally promote one 's own Oscar submission creates the appearance of an unfair advantage , " said Cheryl Boone Isaacs , president of the Academy . Any perceived campaigning is considered a rule violation . "  It is the Academy 's goal to ensure that the Awards competition is conducted in a fair and ethical manner , " the Academy said in a statement . "  If any campaign activity is determined by the board of governors to work in opposition to that goal , whether or not anticipated by these regulations , the Board of Governors may take any corrective actions ... to protect the reputation and integrity of the awards process . " No other song will be nominated in its place . Though rare , this is not the first time the Academy has revoked a nomination . In 1992 , "  A Place in the World " lost its Oscar nomination for best foreign-language film over questions over whether it was produced in Argentina , and not Uruguay as it had designated itself . 5 things we learned from Oscar nominations CNN 's Abbey Goodman contributed to this report	It was nominated in a film of the same name The Academy rescinded it over revelations song 's composer e-mailed board members Any perceived campaigning is considered a rule violation
CNN Student News  -- January 11 , 2013 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : Massachusetts ; Florida Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
THE EVERGLADES , Florida  CNN  -- Joe Wasilewski drives along a narrow stretch of road through Florida 's Everglades . The sun is setting , night is coming on quickly , and Wasilewski is on the prowl for snakes -- and one snake in particular . Reptile expert Joe Wasilewski holds a Burmese python he found in the Florida Everglades . "  The next 10 miles seem to be the hot spot for Burmese pythons , " he said . Wasilewski is a state-sanctioned snake-hunter who regularly scours this area for the reptiles . The Everglades , known as the River of Grass , has the perfect space and climate for pythons to hide and breed . And breed they do : The largest clutches found in the Everglades have contained 83 eggs . They are also speedy travelers , able to move across 1.6 miles of land every day , experts say . The travel lets people like Wasilewski hunt the snakes from the driver 's seat of his truck . But it also means that the problems created in the local ecosystem by the non-venomous snakes are spreading . "  It 's a large predator , and they 're eating basically everything in sight . That 's the problem , " Wasilewski said of the Burmese python . Volunteers like Wasilewski , happy to grasp the problem and the snakes with both hands , are not the only troops in Florida 's war on the invading pythons . A "  Python Patrol " was launched in the Florida Keys , south of the Everglades , by Alison Higgins of the Nature Conservancy . Her program uses utility workers , wildlife officials , park rangers and police to keep an eye out for snakes and trains them to capture any they find . "  The Burmese pythons that are coming out of the Everglades are eating a lot of our endangered species and other creatures , and we want to make sure they do n't breed here , " said Higgins , the conservation manager for the Keys . It is believed that the problem originated when reptile-breeding facilities near the Everglades were destroyed during Hurricane Andrew . Compounding the problem is the release of these snakes by pet owners . "  These pets were released by owners that do not understand the threat to the ecosystem , " Everglades National Park spokeswoman Linda Friar said . She said the pets , which can grow to 200 pounds and live for 30 years , often get too big for owners to handle . The state has a pilot program with several volunteer snake hunters such as Wasilewski . Twenty years ago , no Burmese pythons were found in the Everglades , park statistics say . Now , there could be 100,000 snakes in the River of Grass , but no one knows for sure . What Wasilewski , an expert on reptiles , is sure of is that night is the best time for his hunting , as that is when the snakes tend to be on the move . When he finds his prey , he puts the snake in a bag , deposits it in a crate and delivers it to biologists for the Everglades National Park , where the snake can be studied and/or destroyed . On one recent evening , the pickings were slim , and after two hours of driving back and forth along the two-lane Tamiami Trail , Wasilewski 's crate was empty . He saw a python on the road , but it was dead , and the other small snakes and a baby alligator in the area did not interest him . Finally , Wasilewski , an environmental and wildlife consultant , spotted something . "  Yeah , baby ! Hee ha ! Look at the size of this one , " he exclaimed from the front seat of his truck . He got out and picked up the brownish-green snake , which immediately coiled around his arm . "  This is n't a big one , " he said , but as he got a closer look , he did not deny that it was a good one : "  At least 12 -LSB- feet . -RSB- " Wasilewski has a soft spot for these species , and one of the reasons he volunteers for the snake hunt is to learn more about them . He says it is not the snakes ' fault that they ended up in the Everglades , but he acknowledges the problems they are causing on the Florida ecosystem and the need to do something . "  One down , 100,000 to go , " he said .	Florida Everglades are perfect place for Burmese pythons to live and breed Huge snakes breed quickly and travel quickly One reptile expert patrols the area for snakes to capture
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Whitney Houston 's mother wants "  to set the record straight " about her daughter with a memoir to be published in February , a HarperCollins executive said Tuesday . The book written by Cissy Houston will "  go behind the headlines to show the true , human side of this strong , successful yet complicated musical icon , " Lisa Sharkey said in the publisher 's announcement . Cissy Houston , who is a Grammy-winning singer in her own right , said she wanted to "  give her fans something to treasure , the way we all treasured Whitney . " "  When I lost my daughter Nippy , the world lost one of the most beautiful voices and an extraordinarily beautiful and charitable woman , " Houston said . Whitney Houston drowned in a hotel tub February 11 , with "  effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use " as contributing factors , the coroner ruled . The book will explore Houston 's turbulent marriage to singer Bobby Brown and "  her misunderstood struggles with drug abuse with a candor , honesty and respect that have long been missing in numerous accounts of her daughter 's life , " the HarperCollins statement said . Watch : Houston 's family plans reality show "  Cissy Houston is known for being so guarded and so caring that until now she has never spoken about her daughter , " Sharkey said . "  But she is also so determined to set the record straight about her beautiful ` Nippy ' that she decided to write this book . " It will "  undoubtedly be the definitive book by the only person capable of telling the true inside story of Whitney Houston 's life , her phenomenal successes , her desperate struggles and her private passions , " she said . Some of the profits from the untitled book , which is set for publication February 15 , will go to New Hope Baptist Church in Newark , New Jersey , where Cissy Houston served as minister of music for 50 years , the publisher said .	Cissy Houston 's book to "  show the true , human side " of the singer She will explore Houston 's marriage , "  misunderstood struggles with drug abuse " The untitled book is set for publication on February 15 Whitney Houston drowned in a hotel tub on February 11
CNN  -- The search will continue until at least Friday night for 16 people missing since Thursday morning when a helicopter carrying them to an offshore oil platform ditched in the Atlantic Ocean off Newfoundland , Canadian officials said . A helicopter made an emergency crash landing off Newfoundland en route to Hibernia oil field on Thursday . One survivor , identified as Robert Decker , was found and taken to a hospital , but efforts to find more survivors had proven fruitless , said Maj. Denis McGuire of the Rescue Coordination Center in Halifax , Nova Scotia . The body of one person , who has not been identified publicly , also was pulled from the water . There were 18 people aboard the helicopter when it went down , about 30 nautical miles from St. John 's . "  All we 've got is the debris field , " McGuire said . "  There are no indications of any -LSB- more -RSB- survivors , but the search will continue . " The water is 400 feet deep at the site where the helicopter hit the water , he said . Helicopters and ships were scouring the debris field Thursday evening , and search-and-rescue technicians were planning to use night-vision goggles and flares overnight . The debris filled a six-mile area , said Jeri Grychowski of the Rescue Coordination Centre in Halifax . Officials became aware that the helicopter was having problems shortly after 9:10 a.m. , when the pilot declared a mayday , McGuire said . "  They declared their mayday and then they hit the water or landed in the water approximately eight minutes later , " he said . About 25 minutes later , a helicopter arrived and discovered the survivor , the body , the overturned helicopter and two empty life rafts , he said . Those aboard should have have been wearing survival suits that would have kept them dry and were equipped with lights and personal locator beacons , but the suits have not helped searchers . "  We have not received any signals whatsoever , " McGuire said . The suits theoretically would allow wearers to survive 24 hours in the freezing waters -- or until about 9 a.m. Friday -- but the search effort was to continue well beyond that . "  We will continue to search until there 's absolutely no chance that any survivors will be located , " he said . "  Until last light -LSB- Friday -RSB- . " At that time , based on water temperature and the size of the search area , officials will decide whether to continue the effort , he said . Early in the day , high winds and seas hampered the search , but by late afternoon , the weather had improved , though seas were still about 13 to 16 feet  4 to 5 meters  and winds were at about 40 knots  46 mph  . The survivor was taken to the Health Sciences Center in St. John 's , Newfoundland . The helicopter had been heading to the Hibernia offshore oil platform when it went down in what Grychowski called a controlled emergency crash landing . The pilot reported some technical malfunctions before the crash and radioed that he was turning the chopper around , said Rick Burt of Cougar Helicopters -- the operator of the S-92 Sikorsky copter .	NEW : Search to continue "  until there 's absolutely no chance " of locating survivors NEW : People aboard chopper should be wearing survival suits , locator beacons One survivor in hospital , one man found dead , 16 still missing 18 aboard were oil workers ; copter ditched into waters off Newfoundland
CNN  -- The new iPhone 5S 's performance upgrades and 64-bit processing chip will make the smartphone more responsive and faster . And mobile game developers are excited about the possibilities they see opening up with that newfound power . Phil Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president for marketing , said the new A7 chip has tested up to twice as fast as the iPhone 5 's processor . It is also the first 64-bit chip in a smartphone -- an announcement that caused some developers to smile . Perhaps it was no coincidence that during the Cupertino event on Tuesday , a mobile game was the first demonstration after the iPhone 5S was announced . "  Infinity Blade III , " developed by ChAIR Entertainment and the final entry in the series , will launch on September 18 and was designed with the new A7 chip in mind . Technical director Geremy Mustard said the new power in the iPhone 5S has allowed his team to craft the ultimate "  Infinity Blade " experience . "  With the unmatched power of the iPhone 5S and its A7 chip , we can now combine full-screen rendering effects , tons of polygons , and advanced gameplay processing in one smooth package , " he said . "  And we are able to do all that with almost instantaneous load times , keeping gamers immersed in the experience instead of staring at a loading screen . " Creative director Donald Mustard believes mobile gaming will get another giant push forward with the phone 's new technology , calling it "  true next-gen gaming " on a device that fits in your pocket . "  The iPhone 5S allows us to have a huge , extremely detailed dragon spewing billowing flames that engulf the entire screen , while the hero , clad in armor that reflects the environment , swipes to defeat the beast , " he explained . "  We 're rendering a full depth of field blur and bloom pass , a color adjust pass , a vignette pass , and a distortion pass ... while maintaining a blazing frame rate . " "  It sounds like voodoo magic -- but it 's not . " The new chip with 64-bit capabilities and improved graphics has developers salivating . But other features could open the door for different types of mobile gaming . "  The 64-bit architecture , combined with the improved processor specs , has the potential to offer supercharged graphic performance that will enable more immersive experiences , " said Ross Dixon , executive producer at XMG . "  Combined with the A7 chip , and the upgraded camera , the motion coprocessor may also open up new opportunities for innovative gameplay that makes use of augmented reality and geolocation information . " Both Donald and Geremy said they did not have early access to iOS 7 or the new iPhone 5S when they were building "  Infinity Blade III , " but they design their games with future tech in mind . So when they were presented with the new operating system and device , they were blown away by how many features they could turn on and still have a great game . But all that comes at a power cost , right ? "  We are constantly pushing the devices to the limits , " Donald said . "  The Apple team historically has used ` Infinity Blade ' as their internal benchmark . We do n't know how long you 'll be able to play on the new phone , but on the iPhone 5 , I could game on a flight from Salt Lake to New York ... about 5 or 6 hours . " Schiller said during the Apple reveal event that the battery life would be "  the same or better " than the iPhone 5 . Changes to the interface will also present opportunities for mobile game developers . The new "  parallax effect " included in iOS 7 will create depth on what has traditionally been a flat display for the iPhone and game controller support will offer a new way to play games on the go with the smartphone . "  Important to gamers and game developers , the new interface provides a better game-playing experience , " said Kabam CEO Kevin Chou . "  The new controller puts Apple at the forefront of bridging the ever-shrinking gap between consoles and iOS devices . " Expect game controller makers to roll out a cornucopia of controllers after the iPhones are released later this year , but it may take some time . Developers are looking at all aspects of the new operating system . "  iOS 7 opens up some great opportunities for us , " said Justin Swan , lead designer of "  Trials Frontier . " "  Of course native controller support is really interesting for the types of games we are making , but new features like Airdrop and more ways to compete through Game Center could really pump up the highly competitive aspect of our games . " Mobile gaming will definitely get a boost from the new technology available to developers . Games should be deeper , richer and more interactive -- something only seen before on console platforms . With 700 million iPhones in the gaming marketplace and the addition of the new hardware inside , developers think this very well could be mobile gaming 's time to make a dent with the noncasual gaming audience . "  For the first time we can imagine adapting our console game development knowledge for mobile devices without sacrificing a lot in the process . " Brice Ramard , mobile technical director for Ubisoft , said . "  With the  motion-sensing  M7 chip , we 'll have the opportunity to look into bringing more movement-based games to iOS users , " added Cyril Derouineau , CCO & CTO of Mobile for Ubisoft . Donald Mustard said the younger generation is growing up with mobile devices and they are the ones who are going to spur the mobile gaming proliferation in terms of quality and power . "  I really think it is going to be hard for  home  consoles to compete with the console  smartphone  I 've got in my pocket especially as we move forward . "	A 64-bit chip could make gaming more intense on new iPhone 5S Apple displayed "  Infinity Blade III " as first app on the phone Tuesday New version of iOS operating system has new tools as well Developers say phone games are getting closer to console quality
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel has agreed to a 7-hour humanitarian cease-fire , according to the Israel Defense Forces , but a spokesman for Hamas says it 's a no go . The cease-fire is expected to start at 10 a.m. local time  3 a.m. ET  Monday , the IDF said in a statement . It would not apply to the areas in which Israeli soldiers are currently operating . "  The IDF will respond to any attempt to exploit this window to harm Israeli civilians and IDF soldiers , " the forces said in a statement . Previous cease-fires have unraveled early and this one might not even get off the ground as Hamas has not agreed to it , a senior spokesman for Hamas told Al-Aqsa TV . He spoke Sunday , the same day the United States and the United Nations used the strongest language yet in condemning the latest strike on a U.N.-run shelter in Gaza , with Washington calling the attack "  disgraceful . " At least nine people at the school , which was being used as a shelter for about 3,000 people , were killed in the shelling . The IDF said that it targeted three Palestinian Islamic Jihad members riding a motorcycle in the vicinity of the school . The IDF said it is reviewing the consequences of the strike but did n't say if the suspected militants were hit . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a written statement that the attack was "  yet another gross violation of international humanitarian law . " He demanded a swift investigation into the attack , in which there was an explosion just outside the main gate of the school . He called it a "  moral outrage and a criminal act . " The United States , in a statement issued by the State Department , said it was "  appalled . " "  We once again stress that Israel must do more to meet its own standards and avoid civilian casualties , " spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a written statement . "  The suspicion that militants are operating nearby does not justify strikes that put at risk the lives of so many innocent civilians . " An IDF spokesman reiterated Israel 's point that militants try to use places where civilians congregate as cover . "  Hamas made a special effort during the past few weeks to fire from U.N. facilities , " Brig. Gen. Moti Almoz told CNN . Thousands of Gaza residents had flocked to the shelter to escape weeks of violence -- only to encounter more bloodshed . "  The dead and wounded in Rafah are still under the rubble and in the streets , " Palestinian Health Ministry spokesman Dr. Ashraf el-Qedra said earlier . Chris Gunness , spokesman for the U.N. Relief and Works Agency , tweeted that the school was sheltering almost 3,000 internally displaced people . The U.N said nine people were killed , while the Palestinian Health Ministry put the figure at 10 . At least 27 people were wounded iReport : When a Hamas rocket lands in your backyard At least six other U.N.-run shelters in schools in Gaza have been directly pounded by violence in the past month , intensifying questions about the tactics being used by both sides in areas crowded with civilians . "  We vigorously condemn today 's Israeli strike and find it incomprehensible that such violence has happened again , only four days since we carried out dead and wounded civilians who had sought refuge in a UN installation , " said a joint statement from UNRWA Commissioner-General Pierre Krahenbuhl and director of operations Robert Turner . The latest attack comes amid apparent tensions between the administrations of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and U.S. President Barack Obama . Netanyahu on Saturday did not deny a report that he told U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro "  not to ever second guess me again " on how to deal with Hamas , though he said the report did not reflect the general "  tone and substance " of the calls . "  First let me make a general statement about our relationship with the United States , " the Prime Minister said when an American journalist asked about the report from Matt Lee of the Associated Press . "  I think the United States has been terrific . " Though officials tend to sing from the same song sheet in public , there is a clear behind-the-scenes tension between the Obama and Netanyahu administrations over many issues , sources tell CNN -- including whether Israel 's military operations in Gaza are excessive and resulting in preventable civilian deaths . Throughout Gaza , the death toll continues to mount every day . More than 1,800 people have been killed in Gaza since the current Israel-Hamas conflict began July 8 , the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza said . And in the past month , at least 64 Israeli soldiers and three civilians in Israel have been killed . Humanitarian disaster Palestinian officials described a public health crisis because of the lack of water , sanitation and primary health care . Surgeons in Gaza have reported working 20-hour shifts to try to keep up with a flood of residents wounded by attacks . And the medical supplies are dwindling . A pair of trucks from the International Committee of the Red Cross tried to enter Gaza to deliver emergency aid kits and blood -- but had to turn away due to security concerns , ICRC spokeswoman Cecilia Goin said Sunday . "  The trucks are carrying a portion of ICRC 's 5,000 home destruction kits ... for those whose homes have been completely destroyed or partially destroyed , and 3,000 units of blood , " Goin said . Israel 's story on soldier updated Meanwhile , an Israeli soldier was not captured and killed as initially believed , but died in an attack by a suicide bomber , the military said Sunday . Israel had initially accused Hamas militants of capturing Lt. Hadar Goldin on Friday , as a temporary cease-fire to the conflict in Gaza rapidly unraveled . Lt. Col. Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the IDF , said Sunday that Goldin was not captured and killed , but died in a suicide bombing along with two other Israeli soldiers . The IDF said militants in Gaza carried out the suicide attack . Some of Goldin 's remains were found in and around the Gaza tunnel where the attack took place , Lerner said . He did not provide any more details on the purported suicide bombing . Goldin , 23 , was promoted to lieutenant posthumously . No rest on both sides The bloodshed shows no signs of letting up . The IDF said Sunday that soldiers who were looking for tunnel entrances in Gaza engaged militants emerging from one shaft . The squad of militants fled to a house where the IDF fired on them , hitting one militant . The Israeli forces then blew up the tunnel , the IDF said . It was one of scores of attacks on targets in Gaza , the IDF said . Sirens blared much of the day in Israel as at least 80 rockets were fired from Gaza , according to the Israeli military . Israel 's Netanyahu vowed Saturday to "  continue to act in full scale " against Hamas until all militant tunnels from Gaza to Israel are destroyed . Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal told CNN 's Nic Robertson that Israel thwarted the temporary peace by staying in Gaza and destroying tunnels there . "  A truce is a truce , but the presence of the Israeli forces inside Gaza and destroying the tunnels means it 's an aggression , " he said in an exclusive interview from Doha , Qatar . "  The Palestinian resistance has the right to self-defense and the right to deal with the invading Israeli forces who are inside our Gaza territories . " Peace efforts out of Cairo As the conflict continued , Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi touted a cease-fire initiative as a "  real chance " to stop the bloodshed and the best way to get help into Gaza and launch talks . An Egyptian proposal put forward last month was accepted by Israel but rejected by Hamas . Members of a Palestinian delegation arrived in the Egyptian capital , Cairo , on Saturday to attend the negotiations , the Egyptian state-run news agency MENA reported . The delegation included a representative of Fatah and Palestinian intelligence , with Hamas and Islamic Jihad representatives set to arrive later , the report said . Israel will not send a delegation to Cairo , said Paul Hirschson , a spokesman for Israel 's Foreign Ministry . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Jerusalem ; Samira Said , Steve Almasy and Holly Yan reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jake Tapper , Amir Tal , Anas Hamdan , Ali Younes and Tal Heinrich contributed to the report .	NEW : Hamas has not agreed to the cease-fire , spokesman says NEW : Shelling near U.N. shelter draws strong condemnation Israel says it was targeting militants on motorcycle near school More than 1,800 people have died in the conflict , Palestinian Health Ministry says
Washington  CNN  -- Well , that settles it : CBS ' Bob Schieffer must be straight . Not that I spent time thinking about his sexual orientation before but that 's the first thing that popped in my mind when the legendary newsman , in critiquing President Barack Obama 's inauguration speech , said , "  There were no real memorable lines . " Maybe not for straight people , but there were not a whole lot of gay people who will forget this : "  Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law for if we are truly created equal , then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well . " That was the first time the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community was mentioned in inaugural address . I 'd say that passage was pretty memorable . And while we 've all heard this president mention the rights of gays in speeches before -- what was unique about the inauguration , what really moved me and a lot of people engaged in this particular struggle , was this : "  We , the people , declare today that the most evident of truths -- that all of us are created equal -- is the star that guides us still ; just as it guided our forebears through Seneca Falls , and Selma , and Stonewall . " Seneca Falls refers to the first women 's rights convention held in Seneca Falls , New York , in 1848 . His mention of Selma was a nod to the civil rights march in Selma , Alabama , in 1965 . And Stonewall ? After years of being harassed by police , even arrested for dressing differently or simply walking down the street , the patrons of the Stonewall Inn finally had enough . So after another humiliating raid at a Greenwich Village bar by the name of Stonewall Inn , they fought back . That was June 28 , 1969 . That moment is credited with being the single most important event in the gay rights movement . The community came together . Groups were formed . Significant cultural change had begun . In mentioning Stonewall , with not only the nation , but the world watching , Obama gave more than a passing acknowledgment to a group of people who were instrumental to his re-election . He stopped , looked us in the eyes , and said : I see you . Maybe if you 've never had to worry about not being promoted "  if someone found out " ; maybe if you 've never had to switch pronouns or leave your better half at home for fear of being fired ; maybe if you 've never had to worry about health insurance for your children or pay extra taxes because your state does n't recognize your family ; maybe if you 've never sat in a church and had a preacher tell you that your family is n't a family at all , that your loving relationship is wrong , that who you are is inherently wrong , then I could see how someone could view the president 's speech as lacking in memorable lines . But the Association of Bragg Officers ' Spouses recently offered the wife of an Army lieutenant colonel an invitation to join the group as a "  special guest " -- not as a spouse -- for one reason : sexual orientation . So despite being legally married , despite a 15-year relationship , despite the overturning of "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the blatant discrimination and bullying of LGBT people continues . So the mentioning of Stonewall did not pass by everyone 's ears unnoticed . In fact as I made my way from the frozen lawn in front of the U.S. Capitol , past the parade route and eventually to one of the evening 's balls , it was clear to me that the passage in Obama 's speech was more than a memorable line . It was a rallying cry . That 's not to say the work is done but rather Bayard Rustin , and Harvey Milk and Del Martin and the countless souls who have since moved on , did not fight for this notion of full equality , in vain . It took 44 presidents , 57 inaugurations and 224 years before the LGBT community was mentioned in an inauguration speech -- but the community was finally mentioned . That seems pretty memorable to me . At the beginning of the ceremony , Sen. Chuck Schumer drew our attention to the construction of the Capitol , particularly the Statue of Freedom that stands at the top of the dome . He pointed out it was a freed slave , Phillip Reed , who helped to cast the bronze statue , which was placed there December 2 , 1863 , not even a year after President Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation . To hear that story on Martin Luther King Jr. . Day , as the nation 's first black president was being sworn in for a second time , was a reminder to all of us that at times equality can feel like a slow train coming ... but we can not grow weary because it is coming . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Bob Schieffer found "  no real memorable lines " in Obama speech Granderson says the perspective of a gay person is far different Obama broke ground with strong support for equal rights , Granderson says Those who have felt pain of discrimination wo n't forget Obama 's words , he says
Boston  CNN  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's own words may determine whether he lives or dies , even if he never speaks a word at his trial . The admitted Boston Marathon bomber has sat in silence as people who lost limbs sobbed or glared at him from the witness stand . He slouched in his chair as jurors watched videos of him both before and after two nail-packed pressure cooker bombs exploded , killing three people , claiming 17 limbs and hurting more than 260 others . He did n't utter a peep as his tweets and words he had scribbled on the side of a pleasure boat flashed up on a big screen and were quoted in court . At issue : Was Tsarnaev a terrorist looking to punish the United States for policies he believed were harmful to Muslims ? Or , was he a goofball stoner who simply followed the lead of his older , more radical brother ? The defense team tried to portray Tsarnaev as a confused college kid who , like countless others , watches Comedy Central and cracks crass jokes . "  I wan na study a broad or two , " he posted on his Twitter account as @J_tsar . He jokes about not seeing commercials featuring the Trix rabbit , and about "  whale watching " outside a McDonald 's fast-food restaurant . Miriam Conrad , a member of his defense team , tried Tuesday to apply a more benign spin on tweets the government contends show him as a would-be jihadist eager for martyrdom and a free pass to paradise . His brother was dead and police knew who he was ; they were scouring the Boston suburb of Watertown for Tsarnaev when he slipped under a tarp and climbed aboard the Slip Away II , a fishing boat dry-docked in a Watertown backyard . He hid for hours before being discovered . Bleeding , he picked up a pencil and wrote what Assistant U.S. Attorney William Weinreb called his "  manifesto . " Tsarnaev wrote he was jealous that his brother , Tamerlan , had achieved paradise by dying like a holy warrior ; he was killed the night before during a gunbattle with police . The indictment against him says Tsarnaev helped in his brother 's demise by running him over and dragging him along the road as he tried to run down police . About the bombings , Tsarnaev wrote on the boat that he did n't enjoy killing innocent civilians , but that circumstances excused it . "  The US Government is killing our innocent civilians but most of you already know that , " he wrote . "  Know you are fighting men who look into the barrel of your gun and see heaven , now how can you compete with that . We are promised victory and we will surely get it . " Streaks of blood cover portions of his message . More than a dozen bullet holes obliterate parts of words . So ended one of the biggest manhunts in U.S. history . While in the boat , he wrote that he could n't stand to see the U.S. government "  go unpunished " for killing Muslims . "  We Muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all . " He ended with : "  Now I do n't like killing innocent people it is forbidden in Islam but due to said " -- the word was lost to a bullet hole -- "  it is allowed . " Tsarnaev 's connections : Who 's who Judge George O'Toole viewed the boat Tuesday afternoon so he could rule on a defense request to show the entire boat "  in context " to the jury . He turned down requests by the media to accompany him . The defense said the government only presented about 45 tweets out of about 1,100 . Many were benign , about girls , cars and food as well as sleeping and disliking studying , the defense argued . On Monday , FBI agent Steven Kimball testified about two Twitter accounts used by Tsarnaev . One account shows he tweeted on the day of the April 15 , 2013 , bombing : "  Ai n't no love in the heart of the city , stay safe people " His last tweet was on April 17 . He sent it while on the run : "  I 'm a stress free kind of guy " His other account carried seven tweets , including this : "  strive to be a better muslim , be greedy with your time , devote most of it to the Almighty for it is his satisfaction that you need #islam " The jury also has now seen Tsarnaev in videos , trailing his brother onto Boylston Street . Both carried heavy backpacks . He paused for four minutes , standing next to a tree in front of the Forum restaurant . In front of him stood a line of children who were leaning over the barricade and watching the race . He put his backpack down at his feet and made a phone call . Timeline of the bombings , manhunt and aftermath When his brother 's bomb went off a block away , heads swiveled in surprise in the direction of the noise . And there was Tsarnaev walking through the crowd , looking back over his shoulder as his own bomb went off 12 seconds later . Martin Richard , an 8-year-old standing in the line of kids , took the full brunt of the blast , which tore him apart . The bombs went off at 2:49 and 2:50 p.m. , about the same time as he exchanged phone calls with his brother . The next video showed Tsarnaev in the crowd running . Other videos show him carrying on as usual : buying milk and swiping his card at his college gym . But FBI agents were already in pursuit , collecting store security videos and looking for somebody suspicious in the marathon crowd . By Wednesday night , authorities had a good idea who they were looking for . By Thursday night , his photo had been released to the public . By the next morning , his brother was dead , and Tsarnaev was hiding in the boat , writing of martyrdom and paradise .	Jurors see Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's writings on boat where he hid Prosecutor calls it his "  manifesto " and shows his intent to harm Tsarnaev : "  We Muslims are one body , you hurt one you hurt us all "
With one vote on Friday , the Republican-led House launched the latest spending battle in Congress -- one that could bring a government shutdown in less than two weeks . By a 230-189 tally almost strictly on party lines , the House passed a short-term government spending plan that would eliminate all funding for Obamacare . The measure now goes to the Democratic-led Senate , which is certain to reject the provision that defunds President Barack Obama 's signature legislative achievement of his first term . Even though House Republicans now have voted 42 times to repeal or otherwise undermine Obamacare , Speaker John Boehner and fellow Republicans held a brief victory rally after Friday 's action and challenged the Senate to follow their lead . "  The American people do n't want the government shut down , and they do n't want Obamacare , " the Ohio Republican said to applause and cheers . "  The House has listened to the American people . Now it 's time for the United States Senate to listen to them as well . " In a display of the raw politics of the battle , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia called out Senate Democrats facing re-election next year by name , asking how Sens. Mark Pryor of Arkansas , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Mark Begich of Alaska and Kay Hagan of North Carolina will vote on the House proposal . "  It 's up to Senate Democrats to follow House Republicans and show some responsibility , " Cantor said . Later Friday , Obama accused conservative Republicans of holding the nation hostage by trying to make passing a federal budget and increasing the debt ceiling contingent on defunding health care reforms . "  You do n't have to threaten to blow the whole thing up if you do n't get your way , " Obama said in a campaign-style speech at a Ford plant in the Kansas City , Missouri area , adding that legislators in Washington were focused on politics and "  trying to mess with me , " rather than helping the middle class . In legislative jargon , the House passed a continuing resolution that would keep the government funded for the first 11 weeks of the fiscal year that begins October 1 . Without some kind of spending measure by then , parts of the government would have to curtail services or shut down . Government shutdown : Again ? Seriously ? Conservatives tie Obamacare to budget talks The controversy involves the provision demanded by the GOP 's conservative wing and agreed to by Boehner that eliminates all funding for the 2010 health care reforms popularly known as Obamacare . Approval by the House set in motion a Capitol Hill showdown that will continue through October , when the nation 's debt ceiling must be increased so the government can pay all its bills . The two-stage process includes the possible government shutdown at the end of the current fiscal year on September 30 if there is no compromise on a spending resolution , followed by a potentially even more rancorous debate over raising the debt ceiling . Cantor said Friday the House would consider a one-year debt ceiling measure next week that contains other conservative-backed proposals , expected to include postponing implementation of Obamacare for a year and approving the Keystone oil pipeline from Canada . Obama , however , rejected playing politics with the debt ceiling , which is the limit for how much the federal government can borrow to pay bills it owes . "  This is not a deadbeat nation . We do n't run out on our tab , " the president said , calling even the threat of not raising the debt ceiling "  the height of irresponsibility . " He also made a point of telling the auto workers that raising the debt ceiling "  does n't cost a dime " and "  does not add a penny to our deficits . " "  All it says is , you got ta pay for what Congress already said we 're spending money on , " Obama said , adding that "  if you do n't do it , we could have another financial crisis . " Tea party conservatives who have pledged to fight implementation of Obamacare consider the current budget debate their last major chance to undermine it , because the brunt of the new system takes effect with the start of fiscal year 2014 on October 1 . They demand a halt to funding all programs from the 2010 Affordable Care Act , and they seem indifferent about forcing a government shutdown if that does n't happen . "  I will do everything necessary and anything possible to defund Obamacare , " Republican Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas said Thursday , threatening a filibuster and "  any procedural means necessary . " However , more moderate Republicans in the Democratic-led Senate call the defunding effort a waste of time . Veteran GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona told CNN on Thursday that because of the chamber 's Democratic majority , "  we will not repeal or defund Obamacare " in the Senate "  and to think we can is not rational . " In addition , the White House said Thursday that Obama would veto the House spending resolution defunding Obamacare if it reaches his desk . An earlier compromise proposed by Boehner and fellow GOP House leaders to their conservative wing would have allowed a symbolic vote on the defunding provision that the Senate would then strip out . The result would have been what legislators call a "  clean " final version that simply extended current levels of government spending for about two months of the new fiscal year , allowing time for further negotiations on the debt ceiling . Worries about Obamacare ? Fear not However , conservative opposition to the compromise made Boehner agree to a tougher version that made overall government funding contingent on eliminating money for Obamacare . Moderate Republicans question the strategy , but fear a right-wing backlash in the 2014 primaries if they go against the conservative wing . In reference to the divisions in the House , McCain said it is "  pretty obvious that  Boehner  has great difficulties within his own conference . " On the House floor on Friday , legislators warned of the serious consequences of a government shutdown . The last shutdown , which occurred during the Clinton administration more than 17 years ago , comprised a total of 28 days and cost the nation more than $ 1 billion , according to congressional researchers . House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi of California said the intent of the Republican measure is to shut down the government , calling it a "  wolf in wolf 's clothing . " GOP Rep. Harold Rogers of Kentucky , who chairs the House Appropriations Committee , said "  a government shutdown is a political game in which everyone loses . " "  It shirks one of our most basic duties as members of Congress and it puts our national security at stake , " he added . Opinion : The real problem with Obamacare Republicans said the House vote showed bipartisan support for defunding Obamacare because two Democrats backed the GOP resolution -- Reps. Jim Matheson of Utah and Mike McIntyre of North Carolina . Meanwhile , Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia was the lone Republican to break ranks with his caucus by voting against it . In the Senate , Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada made clear on Thursday that any plan to defund Obamacare would be dead on arrival . Instead , the Senate is expected to strip the measure of all provisions defunding Obamacare and send it back to the House . "  They 're simply postponing an inevitable choice they must face , " Reid said of House Republicans . Boehner would then have to decide whether to put it to a vote , even though that could undermine his already weakened leadership position by having the measure pass with only a few dozen moderate Republicans joining Democrats in support . If he refuses to bring the Senate version to the floor for a vote , a shutdown would ensue . "  Will he act as the captain of the entire House of Representatives or remain a captive of his right wing Republican mates ? " asked Democratic Rep. Sander Levin of Michigan . "  Will he , as he acts , worry mainly about the risk to his speakership or the risk to our entire nation ? House Republicans taking the ship over the cliff would take the nation 's economic well-being with it . " Polls showing a decrease in public support for the health care reforms embolden the Republican stance . Meanwhile , Democratic resolve is bolstered by surveys showing most people oppose a government shutdown and more would blame Republicans if it happens . House GOP : defund Obamacare or shut government down Shutdown scenario Voices across the political spectrum warn against a shutdown , including Congressional Budget Office Director Douglas Elmendorf , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , and Republican strategist Karl Rove . "  Even the defund strategy 's authors say they do n't want a government shutdown . But their approach means we 'll get one , " Rove argued in an op-ed published Thursday by the Wall Street Journal .	President Obama says conservative Republicans holding the country hostage The GOP-led House passes a spending plan that defunds Obamacare Obama and Democrats reject the measure , setting up a budget showdown Without a new spending resolution , the government shuts down starting October 1
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Several Israeli Jewish suspects were arrested Sunday in connection with the killing of a Palestinian teen , Israeli police said . "  Investigation continuing , strong indication a nationalistic incident , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld tweeted about the death of Mohammed Abu Khedair . Rosenfeld told CNN that those arrested were Israeli Jews . Rosenfeld also tweeted Sunday that police have arrested a "  taxi driver from the north who admitted killing the girl Sheli Dadon in Migdal Haemek recently . Background nationalistic . " The 19-year-old Jewish girl was killed last month . The suspect is an Arab resident of the Galilee , the Jerusalem Post reported . Mohammed Abu Khedair 's death came after the bodies of three Israeli Jewish teens were found in the West Bank . Israeli and Palestinian officials quickly suspected it was a revenge killing and condemned any such actions . The Palestinian teen 's mother said she wants equal justice for her son 's killers . ` If they sentence them and demolish their houses and give them life sentences , it might satisfy me a little , " Suha Abu Khedair said . The Israeli military destroyed the homes of the two suspects in the killings of the three Israeli teens . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday sent his condolences to the family , Israel 's Channel 2 reported . "  I also promise that we will exploit the full extent of the law with the perpetrators of this horrendous crime worthy of condemnation and denunciation , " he said , according to Channel 2 , a CNN affiliate . "  These kind of murderers do not belong in the Israeli society . " Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas handed a letter to Robert Serry , U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , asking for an investigation into recent crimes against Palestinian people , Palestinian state news agency WAFA reported . Mohammed Abu Khedair , 16 , died from being burned alive and hit on the head with a blunt object , according to Palestinian General Prosecutor Mohammed al-Auwewy , citing a medical autopsy . Al-Auwewy said the autopsy discovered traces of smoke inside the lungs of the 16-year-old , indicating it was inhaled while the fire was burning . The teenager was heading from his home to a mosque in the middle-class neighborhood of Shuafat in East Jerusalem for prayers around 4 a.m. when three men forced him into a car and drove off , his father , Hussain Abu Khedair , told CNN . The boy 's body was found about an hour later at a forest in Jerusalem . He was buried on Friday . Meanwhile , on Sunday , Israel Defense Forces said it prevented an attack by targeting terrorists involved in rocket launching in Gaza . At least 25 rockets fired from Gaza hit Israel in the past day , IDF said . "  This reality is unbearable and unacceptable . We will continue to act in order to debilitate and incapacitate the Hamas terror infrastructure , striking its warehouses , rocket manufacturing capabilities and those that endanger the well-being of the Israelis in the south of the country , " IDF spokesman Lt. Col Peter Lerner said in a statement . At least eight Palestinian militants were killed in over 10 Israeli airstrikes across the Gaza Strip overnight , Hamas security sources told CNN . They said four militants were injured . Cousin released from detention Khedair 's American cousin was given house arrest by a court in Jerusalem on Sunday after an incident in which his family says he was beaten by Israeli security forces . Tariq Khdeir was detained at a protest following the death of his cousin . A 15-year-old high school sophomore from Florida , he said he was standing around , watching protesters last week when he was accosted . "  I was attacked by police . I woke up in the hospital , " Khdeir said as he walked out of court in Jerusalem on Sunday . It 's unclear why the teen is being investigated or what possible charges he might face . The teen , who had bruising around his eyes , paid bail and was driven away with his parents to serve his house arrest in the Beit Hanina neighborhood in Jerusalem . "  They  his attackers  came from the side of me , and I tried to run away , " he said , adding he felt much better Sunday . He will be kept under house detention for nine days , lawyer Ziad Haidimi said after a court session . If the investigation ends without charges , he can travel back to the United States , Haidimi said . His mother , Suha Abu Khdeir , said the family "  definitely " will sue Israeli authorities . "  I 'm not really happy " with the court 's decision , she said . The teen 's aunt said he was scared , lost and confused . "  You just wish you could have pulled him out of that situation as soon as you could , " Sanah Abukhdeir told CNN . "  Tariq does n't understand anything that 's going on as far as war . He has n't been in any type of war zone before , so all of this is really scary for him , " she said . An official from the U.S. Consulate General was at Khdeir 's hearing Sunday . "  We will continue to monitor the situation closely , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . "  We are calling for a speedy , transparent and credible investigation and full accountability for the apparent excessive use of force . " Israel 's ambassador to the United States told "  Fox News Sunday " there will be justice and that excessive use of force is unacceptable . "  I will tell you , from what I understand about the facts of the case , this is not just an innocent bystander who was pulled off of a schoolyard , " Ron Dermer said Sunday . "  He was with six other people . They were masked . They threw petrol bombs and Molotov cocktails at our police . Three of them had knives , from what I understand . "  That does not excuse any excessive use of force and our Justice Ministry is opening an investigation . " According to his family , Tariq was among the Palestinians protesting in the Shuafat neighborhood over his cousin 's killing . But he was n't involved in the clashes , they say . His relatives say he is the young man who appears in two separate videos being held down and beaten by men wearing the uniform of Israeli security forces . His father , Salah Eddeine Abu Khdeir , said Saturday that his son did n't throw rocks at police . Netanyahu on Sunday said the other side must help calm tensions . "  I call on the leaders of the Arab public to show responsibility and come out against the disturbances in order to restore quiet , " he said . Kareem Khadder and Ben Wedeman reported from Jerusalem ; Steve Almasy reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Talal Abu Rahma also contributed to this report .	NEW : At least eight Palestinian militants were killed in Gaza airstrikes , Hamas sources say Aunt of beaten teen says he does n't really understand what 's going on , is scared Mother of dead Palestinian teen wants Israel to raze suspects ' homes The boy 's cousin was released from detention Sunday and is on house arrest
We all know what makes a great beach bar . Killer ocean views , sunset exposure and a creative menu from which , for once , you do n't have to feel ashamed about drinks that come in coconut shells garnished with pink umbrellas . In Hawaii , though , perfect beach drinkeries also have to be imbued with that distinctive mahalo spirit . These 10 waterfront watering holes have all that , and then some . The Edge of Waikiki  Oahu The Edge of Waikiki almost seems too obvious , with its prime Waikiki Beach location and unobstructed views of Diamond Head . As the name suggests , it sits right on the edge of the Sheraton Waikiki 's infinity pool -- happy souls occasionally float past you on orange bean bags . Every morning between 10 a.m. and noon , bartenders serve $ 3 draft beers and $ 7 cocktails ; in the afternoon , there 's live acoustic music and umbrella-topped pina coladas . For all the cliches , the bar remains quintessentially Waikiki , frequented by visitors and locals alike . The Edge of Waikiki , 2255 Kalakaua Ave. on Waikiki Beach , Honolulu ; +1 8089224422 Lava Lava Beach Club  Big Island Lava Lava might be your textbook Hawaiian beach bar -- tiki torches , swaying palms , hula dancing and a live band -- but its kitschy charm works . The location helps -- it 's on quiet Anaeho'omalu Bay on the Big Island 's northwestern coast . Though its decor can be described as casual , at best -- basic rattan chairs and tables on the sand -- the drinks are strong and cheap , with $ 5 cocktails during happy hour , and service is attentive and energetic . Lava Lava Beach Club , 69-1081 Ku'uali ' i Place on Anaeho'omalu Bay , Waikoloa Village , Big Island ; +1 8087695282 Bumbye Beach Bar  Maui Though Bumbye is located just steps from low-key Mokapu Beach on Maui 's southwest coast , it 's not exactly what you 'd call low key . Its beechwood exteriors , surf-inspired art and artisan cocktails attract a largely young clientele , mainly guests at the Andaz Wailea . But there 's no attitude here : bartenders are chatty and easygoing and there 's a solid local presence , particularly during football season when drinks are half-price during games . The signature Honua'ula cocktail , a mix of Amaro , tequila , rum , pineapple and lime , is a crowd favorite . Bumbye Beach Bar , 3550 Wailea Alanui Drive on Mokapu Beach , Wailea , Maui ; +1 8085731234 House Without a Key  Oahu Sheltered beneath the sprawling branches of a century-old kiawe tree behind the Halekulani 's orchid pool , House Without a Key feels tucked away despite its central Waikiki Beach address . Each night on a small , oceanfront stage , live Hawaiian music is paired with traditional hula dancing performed by former Miss Hawaii winners as the sun sets over Waikiki . The signature cocktail is a mai tai -- more than one call it the best on the island -- served over crushed ice and a sugarcane stick , and garnished with a mint leaf and a Vanda orchid . House Without a Key , 2199 Kalia Road on Waikiki Beach , Honolulu ; +1 8089232311 Nalu Kai  Kauai Quite possibly the only true beach bar on Kauai 's north shore , Nalu Kai pairs barefoot appeal with strong drinks and views over Hanalei Bay , Pu'u Poa Beach and Bali Hai . Though the bar is part of the St. Regis Princeville Resort , it 's more minimalist than posh . Its clientele skews young and moneyed . Drinks are typically priced for a five-star resort bar -- $ 10 for a local beer , $ 16 for a margarita -- but cocktails are served with flair and made with the fresh juice of local fruit like lilikoi and lychee . Nalu Kai ; 5520 Ka Haku Road on Pu'u Poa Beach , Princeville , Kauai ; +1 8088269644 Serenity Pool Bar  Maui Though the Serenity Pool Bar at the Four Seasons Maui is known more for its swim-up appeal -- it 's on the edge of a 120-foot infinity pool -- it 's also located beachfront , directly overlooking Wailea Beach . An ocean-facing terrace with lounge chairs offers views over the West Maui mountain range and the island of Lanai . The bar offers a substantial selection of local and organic beer and 18 cocktails , the most popular being the mai tai , which can be served in a pineapple upon request . Serenity Pool Bar at Four Seasons Maui , 3900 Wailea Alanui Drive , Wailea , Maui ; +1 8088748000 Mai Tai Bar  Oahu Heather Graham and Ellen DeGeneres  for whom a cocktail has been named  are said to frequent the Waikiki Beach institution that is the Mai Tai Bar . Though the outdoor bar is encircled by a low barricade , the separation of bar and beach feels imperceptible thanks to the proximity of the sand -- you can reach over in your seat and grab a handful . A contemporary Hawaiian musical trio plays six nights a week . Their sunset rendition of Israel Kamakawiwo'ole 's "  Over the Rainbow " is predictable but never tired . Mai Tai Bar ; 2259 Kalakaua Ave. on Waikiki Beach , Honolulu ; +1 8089237311 Ohia Bar at Duke 's Beach House  Maui Located on North Ka'anapali Beach , the lower-key Maui outpost of Duke 's Waikiki is an easy stroll from Black Rock , but far enough away from the Whaler 's Village beach bar crowds to feel somewhat secluded . Its thatched umbrellas and tiki torches are proudly kitsch -- this is Duke 's , after all . Half-price happy hour kicks off at 3 p.m. and ends at sunset . Local crooners hop on the mic shortly after to set the aloha vibe in full swing with renditions of "  Aloha Oe " and "  White Sandy Beach . " Ohia Bar at Duke 's Beach House , 130 Kai Malina Parkway on North Ka'anapali Beach , Lahaina , Maui ; +1 8086622900 Oasis on the Beach  Kauai Just 15 minutes from Lihue Airport , this Kapa'a coast bar is perfectly situated for a pre - or post-flight drink . Its outdoor dining deck overlooks the long expanse of Waipouli Beach , and the bar menu is large and interesting . Popular drinks include macadamia hot-buttered rum with cloves , and the spicy Thai martini . On Wednesday evenings the entire bar menu is half price . The small plates are made with 90 % local ingredients . Oasis on the Beach ; 4820 Kuhio Highway at Waipouli Beach , Kapaa , Kauai ; +1 8088229332 Beach Tree Bar  Big Island Located on the sands of Kumukea Beach on the Big Island 's Kona-Kohala coast , the Beach Tree Bar is good for sunset cocktails and turtle-spotting -- sometimes simultaneously . Though the thatched-roof bar has an informal vibe , it 's got a sophisticated beer and wine menu  more than 60 wines by the glass  and 19 cocktails , including the popular limoncello-pear concoction that 's the signature Beach Tree Smash . Bartenders and wait staff avoid cheesy aloha shirts for casual blue tees and share local knowledge freely . Beach Tree Bar at Four Seasons Resort Hualalai , 72-100 Kaupulehu Drive , Kaupulehu-Kona ; +1 8083258000	Edge of Waikiki borders the Sheraton hotel 's infinity pool Live music and hula performed by former Miss Hawaii winners are featured at Honolulu 's House Without a Key Maui 's Serenity Pool Bar is a swim-up on the edge of a 120-foot infinity pool overlooking Wailea Beach
Washington  CNN  -- Republicans are doomed in 2016 if they again nominate a candidate like Mitt Romney or John McCain , Sen. Ted Cruz said Thursday . Cruz , a tea party favorite who is considering a presidential bid , said his party needs to nominate a "  strong conservative " to win back the White House in 2016 . If not , Hillary Clinton will be president , he said in an interview on CNBC . When asked if former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is too far to the left to fit the conservative bill , the junior senator from Texas said he is a "  fan of Jeb Bush 's " but added that "  we need to learn from history . " "  We need to look to history and what works and what does n't and the one thing is clear is if Republicans run another candidate in the mold of a Bob Dole , or a John McCain , or a Mitt Romney  $ " and let me be clear , all three of those are good , honorable men . They 're decent men . They 're patriots , " Cruz said . "  But if we run another candidate in the mold of a Bob Dole , or a John McCain , or Mitt Romney , we will end up with the same result , which is millions of people will stay home on Election Day . " "  And if we run another candidate like that , Hillary Clinton will be president , " Cruz said . It 's not the first time Cruz has criticized Dole , McCain and Romney 's candidacies . Just this spring at the Conservative Political Action Conference Cruz pointed to the three former nominees as examples of "  when you do n't stand and draw a clear distinction , when you do n't stand for principle , Democrats celebrate . " Cruz drew fire from Dole and McCain for those remarks with Dole saying Cruz needed to "  check the record before passing judgment . " On Thursday Cruz stressed the urgency of straying from the "  mold " of those three past nominees because "  there is an urgency . The states have never been higher . " "  I think eight more years down this road we risk doing irreparable damage to the greatest nation in the history of the world , " Cruz said . Romney and his family have said it 's unlikely he 'll run in 2016 , but it 's not completely out of the question and Romney has repeatedly turned down opportunities to shut down voices in the party calling on him to run a third time for president .	CNBC asked Ted Cruz what he thought about rumors that Jeb Bush might run for president It 's not the first time Cruz has slammed perceived moderate Republican candidates Cruz said Hillary Clinton would be president if the GOP does n't switch course in 2016
Democrats are looking to turn up the heat on Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy as he heads into the final days of his runoff battle with Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu with two ethics complaints focused on his work at Louisiana State University . Both a Louisiana citizen affiliated with the Louisiana Democratic Party and the American Democracy Legal Fund filed complaints with the Office of Congressional Ethics on Wednesday alleging that Cassidy 's work for the university violates multiple ethics rules and guidelines and calling for an investigation . The ADLF complaint , obtained by CNN , alleges that Cassidy failed to receive required approval from the Ethics Committee to engage in teaching activities from 2011-2014 . Lawmakers are banned from receiving any "  honoraria " -- meaning a payment for an appearance , speech or article -- while serving in office , but teaching activities are exempt from that ban . The complaint against Cassidy also argues that his work for LSU did not meet the requirements to be considered teaching work , and thus was n't exempt from the ban . Instead , it argues , his work amounts essentially to "  medical services , " and so the stipend he received from LSU for his teaching services should be considered compensation in violation of Ethics rules . That stipend was also , the complaint alleges , inappropriately left off of his personal disclosure forms . And it also argues that Cassidy received compensation from LSU for months when he did n't put in any hours there , meaning the compensation constitutes a gift in excess of the $ 100 limit lawmakers must adhere to . The LDP complaint outlines similar concerns . Cassidy 's campaign did not respond to a request for comment . It 's an effort from Democrats to highlight a late-breaking controversy surrounding Cassidy 's employment with the school . Documents published last week by a number of local Louisiana political blogs suggest Cassidy might have billed the school for more hours of work than he completed . Cassidy and his campaign advisers have pushed back against the allegations , arguing they 're entirely baseless and simply an effort from Landrieu 's campaign to try overcome some of the deep deficit she faces in the polls . She 's considered a serious underdog in Saturday 's showdown . Landrieu 's campaign has vehemently denied that it had anything to do with the documents coming to light , but Bob Mann , an LSU professor and veteran Louisiana political reporter , told CNN on Tuesday he had heard from multiple news outlets in Louisiana that Democratic operatives had been shopping the documents around for at least a month , and found no takers . He said despite the continuing developments in the situation , he thought it was too late in the race for it to change the tide . "  It 's one of those things that I think just happened a little too late to really make a difference . It almost feels like last-minute desperation kind of stuff , " he said .	Rep. Bill Cassidy is favored to defeat Sen. Mary Landrieu in their runoff matchup Saturday He 's facing late-breaking controversy over his teaching work at LSU Two Democratic groups have filed ethics complaints focused on his work for the university
CNN  -- The Founding Fathers are frequently quoted in the gun control debate , but many of those quotations turn out to be fake . The most popular comment on a recent story about gun control featured a purported quotation from Thomas Jefferson . More than 2,000 votes pushed it to the top . "  When governments fear the people , there is liberty , " reads the quotation . "  When the people fear the government , there is tyranny . The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is , as a last resort , to protect themselves against tyranny in government . " The same quotation has been posted dozens of times in other readers ' posts . Some readers worked to debunk it by mentioning Monticello.org , the Thomas Jefferson Foundation 's website , which has a section devoted to "  spurious " quotations that have been attributed to the third president of the United States . The website lists several variations of the quotation , featured on two pages , and says staff "  have not found any evidence that Thomas Jefferson said or wrote " those words . Former Marines share dramatically different stances on gun violence Duane Tigner , a commenter who said he teaches American government to high school students in Sanford , Michigan , described feeling a responsibility to educate young people about the need to develop a discerning eye about the information they come across . Tigner was one of the readers who mentioned that the quotation had been debunked . He suggests starting with a Google search , which often will quickly turn up information about a quotation . "  Many of these quotations are circulated and reposted on social media or appear in chain e-mails , " he said via e-mail . "  Every time I see one of these bogus quotes , I call it out as fake . " For others , the message of the quotation rings true even if the quotation is n't entirely accurate . A commenter named Henry from Charlotte , North Carolina , said he read through the Monticello page , but he is n't ready to declare that the comment is fake . "  I do not know if Jefferson actually ever made such a statement or not ,  but  I find it odd that many people attribute it to him if it was n't true . It 's ridiculous in my opinion to propose that since nowhere in his writings there is trace of such a statement , then Jefferson has never said something like that . Jefferson could have come up with those words in any occasion of his public or private life and someone else recorded and then quoted him . " CNN decided to look at the reasons why apparently fake quotes can be so popular . Many have an underlying message . A recent Facebook privacy hoax inspired users to share faux copyright legalese with all their friends . In the words of one worried Facebook poster , "  It may have been a hoax , but it did not hurt ! " The sentiment of the post text was important , regardless of where it originated . Then , even more recently , actor Morgan Freeman found himself in a quotation controversy regarding comments attributed to him about last month 's school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , that left 20 children dead . The statement , which blamed the media for sensationalizing the tragedy , spread on social media . "  He neither wrote nor posted nor had any knowledge of it , " Freeman 's publicist told HLN . Still , Freeman 's star power helped propel a provocative idea . Likewise , Jefferson 's words appear to have also been in great demand since the Newtown shooting . The Monticello.org site techs have recorded an uptick in traffic to their quotations area since early December . Spokeswoman Lisa Stites sent along statistics indicating traffic increases of nearly 1,000 % on some of the remarks , and especially on the "  spurious " quotes . Several of these quotations have appeared in CNN comments . Anna Berkes , research librarian at the Jefferson Library , said there are extensive records of Jefferson 's writings and communications . Just about every quotation from Jefferson can be documented somehow , she said . The earliest reference to the "  tyranny in government " quotation that Berkes has noted thus far is within a 1989 opinion-editorial about gun rights from The Orlando Sentinel in Florida . She said the first part of the section of the article where the quotation appears , which begins with "  No free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms , " has been verified . But the rest of it has not been found in Jefferson 's writings . Berkes said there are often clues that help identify quotes from Jefferson , such as the vocabulary of his time and the typical sentence styles he used . Over time , Berkes added , a researcher gains a keen sense for these discrepancies ; Jefferson composed mostly written communication rather than text meant to be spoken . "  Jefferson was very wordy , and a lot of the quotes I see are very snappy , " Berkes said . "  They sound like they were maybe composed by a 20th century speechwriter . " Stites said Monticello 's keepers do n't want to get caught up in the political debates about gun control , but there is a lot of community interest in Jefferson 's real and falsely attributed quotations , so Jefferson Library researchers provide resources based on searches through electronic and physical archives of Jefferson 's writings . Stephen Halbrook , an attorney and author of the book "  The Founders ' Second Amendment , " said he does n't understand why someone would want to use a fake quotation . "  For years I 've seen bogus quotes on gun issues in the Internet , " he said . "  Since the Founding Fathers were so positive on Second Amendment rights , I could n't understand why anyone would feel compelled to invent quotes . " Halbrook said Jefferson was a big supporter of the right to own firearms . "  Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence , and served two terms as president , " he said . "  He personally possessed numerous firearms for hunting , target shooting , collecting , self-defense and defense against tyranny . He deemed being armed the mark of a true citizen . The American Revolution was won by an armed populace against the British standing army . " The GunCite website includes quotations from the founding fathers , but has pages for debunked and reliable remarks . Site creator Howard Picard said the quotes help explain the Constitution 's meaning . "  There are politicians , scholars , jurists , and others who do n't believe the Second Amendment was intended to preserve and guarantee an individual right to arms outside of active militia duty , " Picard said . "  Some go as far as to claim firearms ownership was solely a collective right . " He said the quotes show that the Second Amendment was intended to protect not only a "  vigorous individual right " but also "  to serve as a check against an usurpation of our government . " Saul Cornell , a professor at Fordham University , said some quotations may need context , especially those from the "  losing side " of debates . He added that he believes both sides of the gun conversation tend to oversimplify the Founding Fathers ' historical intent . "  Without being too professorial about it , " he said , "  depending on what theory of the Constitution we use , you can get very different interpretations of the Second Amendment . " Cornell , who is the Paul and Diane Guenther Chair in American History at the school , said the Constitution incorporates lessons learned while the nation was under the Articles of Confederation . He said the turmoil of Shays ' Rebellion stirred up fears of mob rule among many leaders . He also compared the militias of early America to a form of taxation , saying that citizens had what Jefferson referred to as a "  right and duty " to be armed . That is , they were required to buy weapons in addition to being allowed to possess them . Militia membership was often compulsory , Cornell said . He questions whether the Founding Fathers would have welcomed the idea of people taking up arms against their newly hatched constitutional government instead of using governmental procedure to settle differences , which sometimes is referred to as the "  ballots vs. bullets " debate . The Jefferson quotation 's emphasis on battling the government caught the attention of reader David McSwain , a gun owner and Second Amendment supporter from Charlotte , North Carolina . "  I do n't think the sentiment is out of line with Jefferson 's thinking in view of his other verifiable statements such as ' a little rebellion now and then is a good thing , ' etc. , " he said . "  Yet I think Jefferson would reject the ultraright modern day belief that armed rebellion will be needed in the near future against a socialist , unconstitutional federal government . " McSwain said he feels there is a need to avoid extremist views and added that he believes most people have a nuanced perspective on guns . He expressed a desire to define "  that ragged line between civilian and military weapons . " "  Exactly where that line gets drawn is something that Americans should think about , argue about , and then vote their convictions , " he said . "  I think the vast majority of Americans and Mr. Jefferson would agree with me . " What 's your favorite  true  quotation from a historical figure ? Share your thoughts in the comments area below .	Story on ex-Marine 's letter about assault weapons garnered lots of comments Thomas Jefferson quote was posted dozens of times , but researchers can not verify it Readers shared theories about Founding Fathers ' attitudes toward firearms What 's your favorite historical quote ? Share your views on CNN iReport
Washington  CNN  -- A man traveling with his 4-year-old son claims he did n't know that the three stuffed animals his little boy put on a conveyor belt at T. F. Green International Airport in Warwick , Rhode Island , contained parts that could be assembled into a loaded handgun , the Transportation Security Administration says . "  It appears to be the result of a domestic dispute , " said Rhode Island Airport Police Chief Leo Messier . An investigation by the airport police , state police and FBI determined there was no threat at any time to air safety , Messier said . A TSA officer watched as a carry-on bag containing a stuffed teddy bear , a bunny rabbit and a Mickey Mouse toy went through a checkpoint X-ray machine Monday . The officer spotted the disassembled firearm components and ammunition concealed inside each of the stuffed animals , the TSA said . Officers notified the Rhode Island Airport Police and conducted a search of the bag . Inside the toys , officials say , they found the mainframe of a .40 - caliber firearm , a magazine with two .40 - caliber rounds , a firing pin and a slide . The TSA says law enforcement officers interviewed the man , who stated he was unaware that there were gun parts inside the toys . The items were confiscated and the father and son were allowed to continue their flight to Detroit . Law enforcement agents continue to investigate the incident . "  This is just another example that threats can appear anywhere , and this is why TSA officers take a closer look at everything , " the agency said in a news release . "  It 's also an example that shows that even though TSA has modified the screening process for children 12 and under , the security process is still just as effective . "	Gun parts were inside a teddy bear , a rabbit and a Mickey Mouse toy , the TSA says A 4-year-old boy had the animals inside a carry-on bag His father says he did n't know the gun parts were in the animals , the TSA says Incident appears related to a domestic dispute , police chief says
Detroit , Michigan  CNN  -- Dave Bing was once the kind of guy who might sing a little Motown in the shower , or even club-hop with actual Motown artists . What different times those were for the mayor of Detroit . Bing was born and raised in Washington but long ago built a life in the city symbolic of the country 's rise and crash . He was drafted by the Detroit Pistons in 1966 and played with the team for nine seasons . After his basketball career ended , he returned to the city to launch an automotive supplier , Bing Group . He spent 29 years building the business , he said , and by 2008 he thought maybe it was time to retire . Wrong . Bing had once supported former Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick , but not after Kilpatrick tumbled deep into scandal that led to his resignation and a jail sentence . A small group of friends convinced Bing to run , he said , and he won the chance to finish Kilpatrick 's term in 2009 . Later that year , he secured a full term . Sports , Bing said , taught him how to work on a team , to understand skills and weaknesses . Business showed him how to find and grow talent , how to recognize his own skills and weaknesses . None of it could have prepared him to run Michigan 's largest city . Bing has n't announced yet whether he 'll run for re-election next year . "  It was in much worse condition than I ever anticipated , " Bing said of Detroit . "  We 're working through the process as I speak , but it 's probably the second most difficult job in this country behind the president . " Indeed , he 's facing the threat of bankruptcy , stalemates with city council and hard , sometimes raucous talks with Detroit residents and city workers . This summer hecklers riled about city pay cuts shouted him down during a community meeting . One day later , Bing was calm , too busy to think long about chants and criticism . There 's no time for it , he said . No time anymore to sing , no time for late nights on the town . There 's hardly time to sleep , he said . But it does n't change his belief in the city that fills his memory and dominates his thoughts . So , CNN asked Bing : In a city notorious for its troubles , what would you want visitors or residents to see ? Here are some of his answers . Detroit 's riverfront "  We have something that 's distinct from almost any city in the country , " Bing says , a view across a waterway and into another country . "  It 's beautiful , " he said . Detroit 's riverfront draws together public space , art and events , especially along the River Walk . Within a few years , he expects there to be more attractions , commerce and living space along the water . It 's the Motor City , but the city needs to give more people more reasons to get out and walk , he said . Detroit Institute of Arts High on Bing 's list of must-sees for Detroit is a trip to the Detroit Institute of Arts , a 658,000-square-foot , 100-gallery museum founded in 1885 . Its collection features American , African-American , European , African , Asian , Native American , Oceanic , Islamic and ancient art , as well as collections of modern and graphic art . "  I think the Detroit Institute of Arts is probably renowned worldwide , " Bing said . Earlier this year , metro Detroit voters went for a property tax increase that will supply the museum with an estimated $ 23 million annually for 10 years . The funding is expected to help stabilize the museum 's budget and dodge dramatic cuts to exhibitions , education and hours . The museum now offers free admission to residents of the three counties that approved the tax . "  Huge investments had been made in a lot of our cultural institutions , " Bing said . Even as other parts of the city struggled , "  I think that 's one thing we 've held on to . " Motown Museum When Bing moved to Detroit in the 1960s , he came as a basketball player , a celebrity of sorts . He slipped right in to the nightlife of the time , and that meant Motown . "  The athletes , we always thought we were entertainers , and the entertainers thought they were athletes , " he said . "  We really got together quite often . " Smokey Robinson , the Temptations , the Four Tops , the Supremes -- he said he knew them all well . "  You fell in love with them because they were true entertainers , " he said . He 's too busy now to sing , but anybody who comes to town should know that history , he said . Some of it is kept up at the Motown Museum , a music-studio-turned-museum known as Hitsville , U.S.A. , founded in 1985 . "  People do n't realize how Motown got started , where it got started . I mean , it was a little house , " Bing said . "  For all the success they had out of that one little place , people need to see that . " Detroit 's Tigers , Lions , Red Wings -- and Pistons ? Bing is proud to call Detroit home to four professional sports teams -- the Tigers , Lions , Red Wings and Pistons . He loves the energy of a game , the pride teams bring to the city and the crowds in stadiums and restaurants . But as an NBA Hall of Famer who came to Detroit for basketball , he 'd rather the Pistons move back to the city from their suburban home , the Palace of Auburn Hills . He did n't lay out a plan for how to make it happen , but he said it 's a goal . "  My whole career in basketball was downtown , and I think that 's where it belongs , and I 'll do everything I can to try to get it back downtown , " he said . The future "  There are several very strong neighborhoods in our city , " he said , the areas around Midtown and Detroit 's downtown , especially . But he 's optimistic about what comes next . Here 's his prediction for what visitors and residents will see in a decade : "  Instead of seeing the vast amount of empty land where there 's nobody there , I think we 've got to do some different things . Urban farming is something we 've been talking about for some time . We will probably see some of that . "  We would see people living out in neighborhoods where there 's only one or two homes . We 're not going to see that . We 're going to try to convince those people to move so there 's density in all of our neighborhoods , so we can really look out for each other , we can help protect each other , we can bring people and families back together again like it used to be . Where we care for each other , where we support each other . That 's the kind of city I see . "	NBA Hall of Famer Dave Bing became Detroit 's mayor in 2009 "  It 's probably the second most difficult job in this country behind the president , " Bing said Bing offered up five ca n't - miss things in Detroit for visitors or residents Some spots , like the Motown Museum , are already famous ; some he hopes will be
CNN  -- Mexican authorities said Monday that they 've spotted a troubling immigration trend : large numbers of migrants abandoned at sea by traffickers . Every month , Mexico 's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded migrants , left adrift in overloaded boats off the country 's Pacific coast . As part of the scam , officials said in a statement , traffickers tell the migrants that there has been an equipment failure and promise to return but never do . The immigration and maritime authorities said the frequency of that approach -- about 10 or 12 times per month -- inspired them to issue a warning on Monday : "  Do not allow yourself to be fooled and put your life at risk by leaving it in the hands of people without scruples whose only goal is obtaining money without caring about the lives of other human beings . " Authorities have long warned of the dangers of illegal border crossings , often focusing on perilous desert treks by land . And in the past five years , maritime border crossings into the United States have become a "  new frontier , " said David Shirk , a professor of political science at San Diego State University and an expert on Mexico and border security . "  It 's a reflection of the fact that is has become significantly more difficult to cross the border by land , " he said . That means the Border Patrol and the U.S. Coast Guard will likely need more resources , he said , "  to address not only the illegal activity , but also the different kinds of risks that implies for people who are putting themselves in that situation . " "  We 're likely to see a dramatic increase now in drownings and other kinds of water fatalities and other kinds of danger associated with crossing in the water , " he said . The statement from Mexican authorities on Monday suggests that attempted border crossings by boat are drawing increasing concern . But it is n't a new phenomenon . In 2009 , U.S. officials said Mexicans smuggling drugs and migrants into the United States were increasingly turning to the Pacific Ocean for a short sail to the California coast . "  We 've seen a huge spike in smuggling by water , " Lauren Mack , a spokeswoman for the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in San Diego , said in 2009 . Despite the dangers of border crossings , new figures released by the Pew Research Center on Monday indicate that more than a third of Mexicans surveyed say they would move to the United States if they could . In a national opinion survey of 1,000 Mexicans conducted last month , more than 60 % said they would not move to the United States even if they had the means and opportunity to do so , but a "  a sizable minority " of 35 % said they would move to the United States if they could . And 20 % said they would emigrate without authorization , according to Pew . Immigration is expected to be one of the topics on the table when U.S. President Barack Obama travels to Mexico this week . CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Arthur Brice , Rene Hernandez and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert : Maritime crossings into the United States have become a "  new frontier " Every month , Mexico 's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded immigrants As part of a scam , officials say , traffickers leave migrants adrift at sea 35 % of Mexicans in recent survey say they would move to the United States
CNN  -- Oil coming ashore on the Gulf Coast has tourists keeping a close eye on conditions . States and visitors bureaus are working hard to keep the public updated and reassure beach-bound travelers . Here are some of the latest updates from destinations affected by the oil disaster : Northwest Florida All of Florida 's beaches remain open , according to Visit Florida , the state 's tourism corporation . Scattered tar balls have been found from the Alabama-Florida state line east to Walton County . "  There have been no reports of Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill-related oil products reaching the shore beyond the Northwest Florida region , " Visit Florida 's website said . iReport : Track the oil disaster A portion of beach was closed Saturday in Panama City , Florida , after an oil container with BP markings washed ashore . There have been no oil impacts , the Panama City Beach Convention and Visitors Bureau website said . The water at Pensacola Beach is open for swimming and fishing , according to the Pensacola Bay Area Convention and Visitors Bureau . A health advisory has been issued for beaches stretching from the Florida-Alabama line to the entrance of Johnson Beach on Perdido Key , the Pensacola Bay Area visitors bureau said . Swimming and fishing in the affected waters are not advised . Gulf Islands National Seashore The National Park Service reported heavier oiling at Perdido Key last week . The area is part of the Florida portion of Gulf Islands National Seashore . All of the Gulf Islands National Seashore sites , which are located in Florida and Mississippi , are open , the park service 's website said . Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama Gulf Shores and Orange Beach , Alabama , have experienced significant oiling , accoring to the Alabama Gulf Coast Convention and Visitors Bureau . Public beaches in both cities are flying double red flags , meaning the waters are closed to the public . The beaches remain open for sunbathing and walking , the visitors bureau site said . The Alabama Department of Public Health has issued an advisory against swimming in waters off Gulf Shores , Orange Beach and Fort Morgan or in bay waters close to Fort Morgan , Bayou St. John , Terry Cove , Cotton Bayou or Old River . Grand Isle , Louisiana Oil is affecting more than 45 miles of Louisiana coast , according to a state emergency website , although most of the coast is unaffected . "  The primary affected area is from the mouth of the Mississippi River extending east . Over 75 percent of Louisiana 's coastal waters extend westward from the mouth of the Mississippi River , " according to the Cajun Coast Visitors and Convention Bureau website . Grand Isle has closed its public beach , the site said .	Health officials have issued an advisory against swimming in Alabama Gulf waters Visitors advised not to swim in waters from Florida-Alabama line to Perdido Key Pensacola Beach , Florida , waters open for swimming and fishing
The U.S. drone killing of American-born and - raised Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , a major figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , has re-energized a national debate over the legal and moral quandaries of a government deliberately killing a citizen . The issue has been roiling throughout the U.S. campaign against terrorism , but Friday 's drone missile killing of al-Awlaki and a second American , Samir Khan , provided a stark , concrete case of a U.S. policy that authorizes death for terrorists , even when they 're Americans , analysts said . A government source who was briefed Friday morning by the CIA confirmed the U.S. missile strike , which killed two other people in a car in Yemen . While President Obama on Friday applauded the U.S. action as "  a major blow " against al Qaeda , civil libertarians assailed the U.S. decision to kill a citizen . "  The targeted killing program violates both U.S. and international law , " ACLU Deputy Legal Director Jameel Jaffer said in a statement . "  As we 've seen today , this is a program under which American citizens far from any battlefield can be executed by their own government without judicial process , and on the basis of standards and evidence that are kept secret not just from the public but from the courts . " Republican presidential candidate Rep. Ron Paul denounced Obama for "  assassinating " al-Awlaki , saying that the American cleric should have been tried in a U.S. court . "  If the American people accept this blindly and casually , that we now have an accepted practice of the president assassinating people who he thinks are bad guys . I think it 's sad , " Paul told reporters after a speech in Manchester , New Hampshire , Friday . "  Al-Awlaki was born here , he 's an American citizen , he was never tried or charged for any crimes , " Paul said . "  To start assassinating American citizens without charges - we should think very seriously about this . " But U.S. Rep. Peter King , R-New York , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said the lethal strike was lawful . "  It was entirely legal . If a citizen takes up arms against his own country , he becomes an enemy of the country . The president was acting entirely within his rights and I fully support the president , " King said . Al-Awlaki was believed by U.S. authorities to have inspired acts of terrorism against the United States , including a fatal shooting at Fort Hood , Texas , and the December 25 bombing attempt to bring down an airliner flying to Detroit . His facility with English and technology made him one of the top terrorist recruiters in the world , and he was considered the public face of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP . Ed Husain : U.S. should n't have killed al-Awlaki Al-Awlaki was killed about 8 kilometers  5 miles  from the Yemeni town of Khashef , east of the capital , Sanaa , said Mohammed Basha , a spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . In what one source called a joint U.S. military-intelligence operation , the strike was launched at 9:55 a.m. Friday , officials said . Also killed was Khan , an American of Pakistani origin , who specialized in computer programming for al Qaeda and authored the terrorist network 's online magazine , Inspire , officials said . Much controversy preceded the fatal drone strike . Al-Awlaki 's father even sued Obama , former Defense Secretary Robert Gates and former CIA Director Leon Panetta to prevent them from having his son killed , but last December , a federal judge threw out the "  unique and extraordinary " suit , leaving open the question of whether the U.S. government can legally target American citizens for death abroad without a trial . Panetta : It was legal to kill al-Awlaki U.S. District Court Judge John Bates dismissed the case on procedural grounds , saying that Nasser al-Awlaki did not have standing to sue and that the officials were immune from such lawsuits anyway . Last year , Dennis Blair , director of U.S. national intelligence , told Congress that the government has the right to kill American citizens abroad if they present a direct threat to U.S. security . "  We take direct action against terrorists in the intelligence community , " Blair told a House intelligence committee . "  If that direct action -- we think that direct action will involve killing an American , we get specific permission to do that . " CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Friday that the wartime dilemma pivots on how the terrorists targeted by the American military do n't have a practical access to U.S. courts to challenge their listing on a government kill list . "  The Obama administration says it is authorized by Congress " to issue an order to kill or capture al-Awlaki , Toobin said . "  One of the very important things to point out about this whole legal controversy is that it 's never been in court . "  No judge has ever evaluated it , and because of the weird legal setting , it 's not clear that a court ever will . When you think about Osama bin Laden , Awlaki , they do n't really have the opportunity to go to an American courtroom , " Toobin said . Al-Awlaki 's father 's legal challenge was thrown out of court because it was the son -- not the father -- who was on the kill list , and so the dad did n't have standing , Toobin said . "  I can not conceive of how any of these people could ever really get access to an American courtroom , " Toobin said . "  Will a court ever judge thumbs up , thumbs down on this policy ? Frankly , I doubt it . " But Mary Ellen O'Connell , an expert on international law at the University of Notre Dame , said the key question concerned not citizenship but location . "  The real concern is where is this person ? ' she said . "  He is not in an armed conflict zone , not in a battle zone . " Al-Awlaki should have been arrested , she said . "  It 's basic law , it 's basic morality , that you do not kill people without warning in non-battlefield situations . International law is clear about where a battlefield is and is not . We do n't get to just make it up because we particularly dislike this guy and we want to declare where he is suddenly a battle zone without doing the hard work of a country to arrest him and put him on trial . " International law , she said , says a battlefield where a person can be killed without warning "  is a place where there 's intense , organized , inter-group fighting ; that was not the situation . " She said the United States was supposed to be leading the world in moving toward more human rights , more zones of peace and more use of law enforcement to respond to criminal suspects , but that has n't proven to be the case . "  Instead , it started with the Bush administration but , ironically and even more damagingly , the Obama administration has carried this forward . In fact they 're doing far more killing away from battlefields than ever occurred in the Bush administration . " She said people tend to cooperate more with authorities when they know an individual is going to get a fair trial instead of a summary execution . But Panetta , who is now defense secretary , showed no regret . "  This individual was clearly a terrorist and yes he was a citizen , but if you 're a terrorist , you 're a terrorist . That means that we have the ability to go after those who would threaten to attack the United States and kill Americans . There 's no question that the authority and the ability to go after a terrorist is there . " Al-Awlaki was born in Las Cruces , New Mexico , and lived in the United States until the age of 7 , when his family returned to Yemen . He returned to the United States in 1991 for college and remained until 2002 . It was during that time that as an imam in California and Virginia , al-Awlaki preached to and interacted with three of the men who went on to become hijackers in the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , according to the 9/11 Commission Report . He publicly condemned the attacks afterward .	"  You do not kill people without warning in non-battlefield situations , " law expert says "  If you 're a terrorist , you 're a terrorist , " Defense Secretary Panetta says President Obama defends killing as "  a major blow " against al Qaeda Terrorists do n't have access to U.S. courts , analyst says
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A judge has delayed the preliminary hearing for Dr. Conrad Murray , charged in Michael Jackson 's death , until early next year because more investigation is being done and some prosecution witnesses wo n't be available until then . The hearing , in which prosecutors will try to convince the judge there is probable cause to hold a trial , was expected to start in October . Murray sat silently in front of the judge at Monday 's court appearance , while Jackson 's elderly parents watched from the second row . Judge Michael Pastor said he "  wanted to expedite " the case , but he understands it will take more time for each side to prepare . The preliminary hearing , which is estimated to take two or three weeks , is now scheduled to start on January 4 , Pastor said . Dozens of Michael Jackson fans , angry about the pop star 's death , gathered outside the courthouse Monday . A handful of them were allowed inside to witness the proceedings . Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , which the Los Angeles County coroner ruled was from an overdose of propofol , a powerful anesthesia used to put surgical patients to sleep . Murray , hired as Jackson 's personal doctor while the singer rehearsed for his comeback concerts , admitted giving him propofol as a sleep aid . But Murray 's lawyer said the amount was much smaller than what was found in Jackson 's body during the autopsy . "  The fact -LSB- of the way -RSB- that he died was a mystery a year ago , and still is , " Houston attorney Ed Chernoff told CNN in an exclusive interview recently . Members of Jackson 's family have attended each hearing since Murray 's arrest in February . When brother Jermaine Jackson left the last hearing in June , he indicated some of them were not satisfied with the case against Murray . "  Dr. Murray 's the fall guy , " Jermaine Jackson said after the hearing . "  This is bulls -- t. " California authorities announced last month that seven other doctors and a nurse who treated Jackson will not face criminal prosecution in connection with the singer 's death . Pastor denied a request by the state medical board to order Murray to stop practicing medicine as a condition of his bond while he awaits trial . His lawyer said he has no California patients , although he continues to treat patients in Nevada and Texas . Jackson fans have organized protests at each hearing , taunting Murray as he enters and departs the courthouse . One fan website said they would follow Murray "  into the streets " after Monday 's hearing with banners on an overpass of the Hollywood Freeway .	The preliminary hearing had been expected to begin in October The prosecution and defense both said they needed more time to prepare Dr. Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter Michael Jackson 's parents sat together at Monday 's hearing
CNN  -- Andrea Agnelli will become the new president of Juventus at the end of the current season -- the Italian giants confirmed on their official Web site . The 34-year-old , who will replace Jean-Claude Blanc in the position , continues in his family 's long-standing links with the Turin-based club -- and comes 48 years after his father , Umberto , was president . It is the second presidential change Juventus have made this season after Blanc replaced Giovanni Cobolli Gigli in October . Blanc will revert to the position of chief executive when Agnelli takes over at the end of the season . Agnelli told www.Juventus.It : "  I think I can give an important contribution to the development of this club . "  It is a complicated route , which first and foremost will see the strengthening of the structure on all levels , both as a company and as a sports club . "  The history of my family is linked to this team and began 84 years ago . My father was president nearly 50 years ago , "  I do now want to make any comparisons with those times . We must think of tomorrow . I am proud to give my contribution . " Meanwhile , German Bundesliga strugglers Bochum have sacked coach Heiko Herrlich , who has paid the price for a run of 10 matches without a win . Assistant coach Dariusz Wosz will take charge for the final two games of the season , starting with the dauting trip to Champions League finalists Bayern Munich on Saturday .	Andrea Agnelli will become the new president of Juventus at the end of the current season Agnelli takes over from Jean-Claude Blanc , who reverts to chief executive Bundesliga strugglers Bochum sack coach Heiko Herrlich after a poor run of form
CNN  -- The death of a 10-month-old girl left in a hot car in Wichita , Kansas -- the latest in a string of hot-car child deaths in the United States -- triggered the quick arrest of the girl 's foster father and on Friday prompted state officials to launch home inspections of adoptive and foster families . The foster father told police he picked up the child from a babysitter about 4 p.m. Thursday , drove home and forgot the child was in the back seat , according to Lt. Todd Ojile of the Wichita Police Department . Investigators say the girl was locked in the car with the windows up for some two-and-a-half hours . Temperatures in the Wichita area reached the low 90s on Thursday . The foster father was in the process of adopting the girl with his partner , according to police . "  Both were extremely upset , " Ojile said . Ojile says the couple 's other children have been removed from the home as the investigation continues . The couple are the adoptive parents of two children and are foster parents to four others with ages ranging from 3 to 18 years old , he said . On Friday , Kansas Department for Children and Families Secretary Phyllis Gilmore ordered immediate home inspections for all adoptive and foster families associated with the agency that approved the couple for foster care . The 29-year-old foster father , whose name was not released by police , was booked on an aggravated endangerment charge but has not been formally charged . Ojile said the district attorney could file charges as early as next week . So far in 2014 , according to statistics compiled by the Department of Geosciences at San Francisco State University , there have been at least 18 heatstroke deaths of children left in vehicles . In one highly publicized case , a Georgia father remains in jail awaiting trial on murder and child cruelty charges in the death of his toddler son , who was left in the father 's SUV for seven hours . Should the government step in to prevent hot car deaths ? After leaving a child in a car , ` that pain ... never goes away ' Hostin : I , too , left my child in a hot car	A foster father in Kansas is arrested after a child in his care dies in a hot car The 10-month-old girl was in the car with the windows up more than two hours A Kansas agency launches inspections of foster and adoptive homes in the wake of the death
CNN  -- Our understanding of physical reality  $ " of everything and nothing  $ " has changed forever . We do n't yet know where we are heading , but nothing will ever be the same . As a scientist , I do n't know what more I could ask for . On July 4 , two independent teams of more than 3,000 physicists apiece from more than 40 countries working at the largest particle accelerator on Earth at the European Center for Nuclear Research , or CERN , gathered to announce to the world the discovery of a new elementary particle . This was not just any elementary particle . It was a particle that appears to have all the characteristics of the Higgs boson , which was first predicted by physicists in 1964 and became the most sought-after particle ever since . The Higgs particle is an essential part of the Standard Model of particle physics , one of the most beautiful theories ever created by the human mind . The model provides an eloquent description of almost all of nature as we have observed in experiments in a few equations that can fit on a T-shirt . The only problem was that no experiment had ever provided evidence that the Higgs particle actually exists . News : Higgs boson is like ... a Justin Bieber fan ? Without the Higgs , the heart of the Standard Model is missing . The Higgs is associated with an invisible field predicted to permeate throughout all of space interacting with particles to give them mass . The Higgs is the key to unlocking the question : Why does matter have mass ? Equally importantly , the Higgs allows two of the four forces in nature -- the electromagnetic force and the weak force , which is responsible for most nuclear reactions -- to be unified and described by mathematics of the same type that describe the other two known forces , the so-called strong force and gravity . Quantum mechanics tells us that if such a Higgs field exists , then one can produce real particles out of the field if one throws enough energy into a small enough volume . The discovery of this new particle is notable for what it tells us , but also for what it does n't . There were some intriguing anomalies in the observation of this Higgslike particle . For example , the rate at which the new particle is produced seems to be slightly higher than the one predicted in the Standard Model . However , this could merely be a statistical fluke that results from the fact that to date only a few score of Higgs candidate events have been observed amongst billions of particle collisions . There are still important unanswered questions about the Standard Model and we have to verify that this remarkable theoretical house of cards can stand on its own . Deviations from the Standard Model prediction , if they are confirmed by more data , can shed light on these unknowns . What is the Higgs boson and why is it important ? First and foremost is the question of how the invisible background field tied to the existence of the Higgs came to be and why it has the properties it does . This field is simply posited to exist , and apparently it does . The Higgslike particle takes us a step closer to solving the mystery of the universe , which is inextricably connected to the mystery of our own origin . Likewise , other new physics is now more likely to be uncovered at CERN 's Large Hadron Collider , which will add to our knowledge base . We might , for example , find the particles that make up more than 90 % of the matter in our galaxy and all galaxies , which look dark to our eyes . And we might be provided with clues that reveal the trail to unraveling the ultimate holy grail of fundamental particle physics -- a quantum theory of gravity . Imagine that the visible universe and everything in it was once contained in a volume many times smaller than the size of a single atom . With a quantum theory of gravity , we may be able to trace the Big Bang expansion back to its very beginning , and understand precisely how our universe arose , presumably from nothing . Read more science news on Light Years Whatever new door to reality the discovery of Higgs opens for us , the best days may be ahead . That possibility is what energizes us , and makes the continued effort to probe new corners of nature such an exciting part of the human adventure . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lawrence M. Krauss .	Physicists discovered a new particle that appears to be the highly sought after Higgs boson Lawrence Krauss : Our understanding of physical reality has changed forever He says the Higgs is the key to unlocking the question : Why does matter have mass ? Krauss : Higgslike particle gets us closer to solving the mystery of the universe and our origin
CNN  -- Dozens of tips have poured in after California authorities released more than 100 photos of women and children on Thursday that are believed to have been taken by a serial killer who appeared on the "  Dating Game . " Police determined Friday that two female minors in the pictures , taken in the 1970s , are alive and well . They have received tips on a handful of other women who could be dead or missing , according to Patrick Ellis , a detective with the Huntington Beach Police Department . "  We 've received several calls saying that someone in a photo could be so-and-so who 's been missing or found dead , " Ellis said Friday . "  The response has been overwhelming , and that 's what we were looking for . " Investigators are trying to determine whether any of the people in the photos were victims of Rodney Alcala , 66 , who was convicted in February of kidnapping and murdering a 12-year-old girl and raping and murdering four Los Angeles County women in the 1970s . A jury this week recommended he be sentenced to death . Ellis said police received tips on as many as four dead or missing women who were identified by other people calling and e-mailing about the photos . "  People are saying that they recognize someone from their past , from school or college or the neighborhood beach , " he said . The two women who identified themselves from the photos on Friday were minors at the time the pictures were taken and are now in their 40s , Ellis said . Police are not releasing their identities , though Ellis said they live in California . Nancy Grace blog : See the photos Huntington Beach Police are contacting law enforcement authorities across the country with information about dead or missing women who were identified by people calling or e-mailing on Friday , Ellis said . He stressed that police have not confirmed that any of the women or children in the photos are dead or missing . The portrait-style photographs were discovered in a storage unit Alcala kept in Seattle , Washington , said Orange County district attorney spokeswoman Susan Kang Schroeder . The locker also contained earrings that belonged to Robin Samsoe , the 12-year-old girl whom Alcala abducted and killed in 1979 . The discovery of the earring in the locker has raised speculation that there may be other victims or that the photographs were trophies to Alcala , she said . "  We know that Mr. Alcala used his photography as a ruse to get close to his victims , " she said . Authorities already believe that Alcala may be responsible for deaths in New York , Schroeder said . "  It 's very possible , " Schroeder said . "  Mr. Alcala is a predatory monster and we believe that he destroyed many lives everywhere he went . " Alcala was convicted in 1972 of kidnapping and molesting a child in Los Angeles County in 1968 , according to the Orange County District Attorney 's office . After serving a 34-month sentence , he was released . In 1978 , Alcala appeared as a "  Bachelor No. 1 " on "  The Dating Game . " Jed Mills , who played "  Bachelor No. 2 , " said he had an almost immediate aversion to Alcala . "  Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills recalled . "  I am kind of bending toward the other guy to get away from him , and I do n't know if I did that consciously . But thinking back on that , I probably did . " But Alcala succeeded in charming Bachelorette Cheryl Bradshaw from the other side of the "  Dating Game " wall . But she declined her date with Alcala . Anyone with information regarding the identities of the women and children in the photographs found in Alcala 's storage locker is asked to contact the Orange County District Attorney 's Office or the Huntington Beach Police Department . CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	More than 100 photos of unidentified women , minors found in serial killer 's storage Two women who were minors when the photos were taken identify themselves Authorities receive handful of tips on other women who could be dead or missing A jury recommended that Rodney Alcala , 66 , be sentenced to death for killing 4
CNN  -- An early morning earthquake rattled northern Illinois on Wednesday , shaking an area about 50 miles west-northwest of downtown Chicago , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake was originally reported as having a magnitude of 4.3 , but the USGS later downgraded it to magnitude 3.8 . It hit just before 4 a.m. CT  5 a.m. ET  , with an epicenter about 3 miles underground . The USGS pinpointed the quake between the towns of Virgil and Sycamore , Illinois . Millions of people felt the temblor , with reports coming in to the USGS from Georgia , Tennessee , Kentucky , Ohio , Indiana , Michigan , Iowa and Wisconsin , as well as Illinois . Members of the public sent more than 10,000 reports of the earthquake to the USGS within the first few hours after it struck . See local coverage of the Illinois earthquake Several callers to CNN said the quake shook their homes severely , but there were no immediate reports of major damage . Doug Dupont of Belvidere , Illinois , about 70 miles northwest of downtown Chicago , said the quake shook him out of bed and caused a 1-foot-long crack in the wall of his kitchen . "  It was really scary . It felt like a train was going by our house , " Dupont said . "  This is not California . This is northern Illinois . We are not supposed to get earthquakes . " Did you feel it ? Tell the world about it Rex Covington , who lives about five miles west of Elgin , Illinois , told CNN affiliate WGN that the tremor lasted five or six seconds -- and also shook him out of bed . "  I was sleeping and the whole bed was shaking , it was that violent , " Covington said . "  The whole house shook , " Walter Mockus of St. Charles , Illinois , told WGN . "  The chimes that hang were all ringing . It was so loud , I thought a plane had gone down . " The shaking also woke up Sarah Evans , of Elgin , Illinois . She immediately turned to the microblogging site Twitter , where she has 38,000 "  followers , " to see if anyone else had felt the quake . Evans instantly found others in her area who had experienced the shaking , and says she found them comforting because "  I 'd never felt an earthquake before . " Read about how Evans confirmed the earthquake and connected with others on Twitter The Illinois earthquake was mild compared to the one that leveled parts of Haiti last month , according to the USGS . The Haiti quake was about 33,000 times as powerful . Some of the strongest earthquakes ever known to hit the United States took place in the Mississippi River valley in 1811 , 1812 , and 1895 , but Wednesday 's Illinois event was 250 miles or more to the north of those temblors , said Randy Baldwin , a geophysicist with the USGS . "  This is a different area geologically , " he said , calling Wednesday 's earthquake unrelated to the New Madrid quakes of the 19th century . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : USGS revises magnitude down to 3.8 NEW : "  It was so loud , I thought a plane had gone down , " man says NEW : Quake in Haiti was 33,000 times as powerful Epicenter was 50 miles from Chicago and 3 miles underground
U.S. transportation safety investigators arrived on Thursday in Afghanistan to try and help determine why a civilian operated Boeing 747 cargo jet crashed on takeoff from Bagram Air Base , killing all seven crew aboard . Senior aviation investigator Tim LeBaron is leading a team from the National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  that is working with the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  and Boeing , which made the jumbo jet that crashed on Monday . The safety board is an independent government agency that investigates transportation accidents in the United States and often assists foreign governments in major cases , especially in air crashes involving a plane made by an American manufacturer . Afghanistan 's transportation ministry is leading the probe , the safety board said in a statement . A priority for crash investigators is to recover the jet 's "  black boxes , " the flight data and cockpit voice recorders that could provide clues to a potential cause . The final moments of the doomed plane appear to have been captured by a dashboard camera inside a vehicle that was in the area . The approximately three-minute video shows what appears to be the jet starting its climb at 11:20 a.m. local time from the base . About 12 seconds into the video , it appears to stall , rolls from side to side , and drops . At 23 seconds , the plane crashes nose first into the ground off the side of the road , erupting into a ball of orange flame and black smoke . There is no immediate reaction from inside the vehicle . After the driver brings the vehicle equipped with the webcam to a halt , at 1:15 in the video , someone says , "  Oh , f *** ! " At 1:33 , as the camera shows the vehicle moving once again , a noise can be heard -- possibly from a dog . Someone says , "  All right , come here . Shh ! Shh ! Shh ! " The yelping stops ; the vehicle stops . At 2:13 in the video , the vehicle approaches the crash site and stops , the camera once again capturing thick black smoke . The video ends . "  That 's one dramatic fall out of the sky , " said Arthur Rosenberg , a pilot , engineer and partner with the New York-based law firm Soberman & Rosenberg , which specializes in litigation stemming from plane crashes . "  It could have been a rock . " He added , "  The plane just flat-out stalled . There 's absolutely no question about that . " He said too much cargo in the rear of the plane is one of several possible causes . "  It looks to me like the plane pitched up ; the most likely cause would be too much load in the rear , " he said in a telephone interview . "  The plane dropped below minimum controllable airspeed and started to roll . " But , he added , "  It 's way too early to tell . " CNN can not confirm the video 's authenticity . It bears the date 2013/02/01 , but date stamps can easily be inaccurate . Ill-fated Flight NCR102 was operated by National Airlines , which specializes in moving freight for the military and businesses . It also operates charter passenger service in the Middle East . U.S.-based National Air Cargo , the parent of National Airlines , confirmed the crash . It said the flight originated at Camp Bastian , a military base in Afghanistan , and was en route to Dubai , United Arab Emirates . It had stopped to refuel at Bagram , landing uneventfully . The cargo included five mine-resistant , ambush-protected vehicles being taken out of Afghanistan as part of the drawdown of U.S. forces , said Shirley Kaufman of National Air Cargo . The vehicles , usually referred to as MRAPs , can weigh from 12 tons to 24 tons , depending on the model , according to a 2011 Congressional Research Service report . That would mean a minimum of 60 tons , which is within its specifications , according to Boeing . "  Securing them is absolutely critical to safety , " said Steven Wallace , former director of the FAA 's Accident Investigation Unit . It 's critical that the total weight be within the limit and that the plane be balanced , he said . "  When the airplane is rotated with the nose up , the cargo moves aft if it 's not properly secured , " he said . National Air Cargo said the cargo was properly loaded and secured and had passed all necessary inspections prior to departing Camp Bastian . No additional cargo was added during the stop in Bagram and the aircraft 's cargo was again inspected prior to departure . The company would not speculate on a possible cause of the crash and said it was cooperating with investigators . Six of the crash victims were from Michigan , National said . They were identified as Brad Hasler , Jeremy Lipka , Jamie Brokaw , Rinku Summan , Michael Sheets and Gary Stockdale . The other victim , Timothy Garrett , was from Kentucky . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said his group shot down the aircraft and that "  several foreign soldiers were killed . " That claim could not be verified . A number of Taliban claims of responsibility have proven false .	A video appears to show the 747 as it tries to take off from Bagram Airbase "  That 's one dramatic fall out of the sky , " an expert says The plane was carrying seven crew members and cargo , the airline says U.S. transportation safety investigators arrive in Afghanistan
Hong Kong  CNN  -- International auction houses Sotheby 's and Christie 's have a history that stretches back to the 18th Century . But a little-known Chinese rival could now pose a threat to their global dominance of the sale of fine art and antiques . China Guardian said last week that it would hold its first auction outside mainland China in Hong Kong on October 7 . Although the sale will be conducted in Mandarin Chinese , Yannan Wang , China Guardian 's president and director , said the company hoped to target overseas customers . Future auctions will be held in both English and Mandarin . "  We have a very strong base of Chinese collectors and some loyal Western buyers , " she told CNN in an emailed response to questions . "  Hong Kong is an international city , we expect to see an increase of international collectors , " she added . Deadbeat art buyers on the rise in China China 's art market has boomed in recent years as the country 's newly affluent look to collect their own art and heritage . According to the website Artprice , Chinese painters Qi Baishi and Zhang Daqian now outsell Andy Warhol and Pablo Picasso at auction . China Guardian has been holding sales in mainland China since 1994 and according to French auction body Conseil des Ventes now ranks as world 's fourth largest . Another Chinese auctioneer , Beijing Poly , ranks third after Christie 's and Sotheby 's . The Hong Kong auction , which will feature ink paintings , calligraphy and classical Chinese furniture , marks the first time a Chinese auction house will compete with Sotheby 's and Christie 's on their home turf . Chinese law prohibits foreign auction houses from auctioning cultural relics in China but Sotheby 's and Christie 's hold regular auctions of Chinese art and artifacts in Hong Kong , London and New York .	Chinese auction house to hold first sale outside China Move may pose a threat to Sotheby 's and Christie 's market dominance China 's art market has boomed in recent years Chinese painters now outsell Warhol and Picasso at auction
CNN  -- Women seeking an abortion in Texas will have to view a picture of the embryo or fetus and hear a description of its development before having the procedure , under a law that takes effect September 1 . The bill stirred some controversy in Texas , but it easily passed through the state House and Senate , both of which are controlled by Republicans . It was signed into law Thursday by Republican Gov. Rick Perry . The law says that at least 24 hours before an abortion is performed , women must undergo a sonogram , a procedure that uses ultrasound to create an image . The doctor , then , is required to give , "  in a manner understandable to a layperson , a verbal explanation of the results of the sonogram images , including a medical description of the dimensions of the embryo or fetus , the presence of cardiac activity , and the presence of external members and internal organs , " the law states . There are some exceptions , including pregnancies that resulted from sexual assault , incest or other violations of law . Women seeking abortions also are exempt if the fetus has been found to have an irreversible medical condition that will cause a disability . "  Governor Perry was pleased to sign this important legislation , which bolsters our efforts to protect life by ensuring Texans are fully informed when considering such an important decision , " said his deputy press secretary , Lucy Nashed . Critics say the new law is unnecessary . "  What no one is focusing on is that this is a mandate to humiliate women who want an abortion , " said Yvonne Gutierrez , vice president for public affairs at the Planned Parenthood Trust of South Texas . Texas already requires a 24-hour consent period , and the new law will simply add emotional and financial costs to those seeking abortions , she said . "  It 's going to make it more difficult for women to get an abortion , " Gutierrez said , calling it the most stringent sonogram law in the country . In addition , Gutierrez said , there is the fear that the added requirements on doctors could make them averse to providing the procedure for fear of legal action that could lead to revocation of their licenses . But Elizabeth Graham , director of Texas Right to Life , said , "  As long as they are following the law , they have nothing to worry about . " The law , she says , "  will strengthen informed consent and bring abortion closer to standards that are set for other surgical procedures . " If anything , requiring a sonogram is simply like requiring an X-ray before a surgical procedure , Graham said . "  The sonogram law is an enormous step forward toward protecting women 's health in Texas , " she said .	A Texas law effective Sept. 1 requires women seeking abortionsto get sonograms A doctor must explain the results of the sonogram Exceptions are allowed , including in cases of sexual assault
Jerusalem  CNN  -- In a bid to end what it calls illegal riots , the Israeli military will prohibit outsider access to areas in two occupied West Bank villages one day a week , according to a statement explaining the move . "  Every week , violent , illegal riots take place in the area of Nil ` in and Bil ` in , during the course of which members of the security forces are wounded and heavy damage is caused to the security fence and to public property , " the Israeli military statement read . "  In an effort to prevent the inciters of these riots from reaching the area in which the riots take place , three weeks ago , OC Central Command Maj. Gen. Avi Mizrahi signed an order designating the area between the fence and the villages of Nil ` in and Bil ` in as a closed military zone . " Word of the Israeli military order became public Monday . For the past five years the two Palestinian towns have been home to weekly Friday protests opposing Israel 's separation barrier , the over-700-kilometer stretch of concrete wall and fence that separates Israel from the West Bank . The demonstrations have become a weekly ritual and the center of a nascent non-violent Palestinian resistance movement , which attract an assortment of Palestinians , Israelis and international activists . However , the demonstrations often degenerate into clashes between Israeli military personnel and stone-throwing youths . The protest sites will be closed between the hours of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. every Friday for the next six months , but the closure does not apply to residents of the villages . The Palestinian Authority Cabinet issued a statement saying it "  condemned the repressive actions by the occupation forces against peaceful demonstrations , as well as the declaration of Bil ` in and Nil ` in as closed military areas every Friday for six months . " The cabinet "  stressed the right of the Palestinian people , according to international laws , to defy occupation measures , settlement activities , and the building of the wall . " The move comes after months of increased Israeli military activity in the form of night raids and arrests in the villages . Residents and protest organizers also have decried the latest Israeli military action , saying in a news release that it is part of a "  persecution campaign against Palestinian activists in an attempt to suppress the rising tide of West Bank popular resistance to the occupation . " Speaking to CNN last month , Peter Lerner , a spokesman for the Israeli military , acknowledged Israeli army activity in the towns and said Israel has the responsibility to deal those who were leading the protests . "  If those people who are organizing it from even behind the scenes , they can not be above the law , and that 's what we 're dealing with . " Gaby Lasky , a lawyer representing village residents , said the military order is illegal and argued that "  closed military zone orders are not meant to deal with demonstrations , which are clearly in the civic rather than the military realm . " According to the Palestinian activist group Popular Struggle , six protesters have been killed in the demonstrations since 2008 . The Israeli military says more than a hundred of its soldiers have been wounded .	Two Palestinian towns have been home to weekly protests opposing separation barrier 700-kilometer stretch of concrete wall and fence separates Israel from West Bank Protest sites will be closed between the hours of 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. every Friday Gaby Lasky , a lawyer representing village residents , said the military order is illegal
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- Ivory Coast security forces loyal to incumbent President Laurent Gbagbo used tear gas and fired into the air to disperse supporters of Alassane Ouattara , authorities said Saturday . Casualties could not be confirmed . The international community has pressed incumbent Gbagbo to relinquish power to Ouattara , who foreign powers say won the election . Hundreds of pro-Quattara supporters gathered on the first day of rallies calling for Gbagbo 's ouster when the security forces moved in , said police Lieutenant Djedje . Ouattara has likened the planned mass protests to those in Egypt . Gbagbo has imposed a curfew until Monday morning . Saturday 's clash occurred 48 hours before the arrival in Abidjan of the five heads of state designated by the African Union to find a "  binding decision " to the Ivory Coast election standoff . Before traveling to Ivory Coast , the heads of state will first hold a meeting in Mauritania on Sunday . They will review the report by a team of experts , whom they sent early this month in Abidjan to work with the parties at stake in the conflict . Chaired by Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz , the panel includes Jacob Zuma from South Africa , Blaise Compaore from Burkina Faso , Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania and Idriss Deby Itno of Chad . Two leading Ivory Coast banks closed their doors , raising fears that a money shortage will worsen the crisis in the West African nation . Mounting security concerns prompted BICICI and Citibank to suspend operations Monday . Ivory Coast has been in crisis since a late November election that ended in dispute . The political standoff in the country has raised fears of a renewal of the bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . More than 33,000 people have fled to neighboring Liberia since the crisis began ; 20,000 more have been internally displaced , according to the United Nations .	Police : Security forces disperse Ouattara supporters Leaders of African nations will try to end political standoff Two Ivory Coast banks closed this week
Speculation continues to swirl around the potential involvement of violent video games in Adam Lanza 's rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary School in December . The official investigation has yet to release its report , but consistent accounts indicate Lanza was an enthusiastic player of violent games . On Monday , CBS News raised eyebrows with a report citing unnamed law enforcement sources conjecturing that Lanza was motivated in part by violent video games as well as Norway shooter Anders Breivik . The investigating Connecticut police later said that 's "  all speculation . " According to the Hartford Courant , we know that when the police searched Lanza 's home after the shooting , they found thousands of dollars ' worth of violent video games . We also know that Lanza 's mom let him play games while she traveled . News : Report -- Sandy Hook shooter tried to emulate Norway massacre But just because violent video games seemed to have been a part of Lanza 's life , as with many young men , we can not jump to conclusions . The reality is that there is no evidence linking violent games to mass shootings . We tend to return to this particular element , and it 's interesting to see how quickly people like to latch on to this noncorrelation as if it were truly meaningful . The notion that mass homicides are linked to violent media was debunked as far back as 2002 by the U.S. Secret Service , which found that school shooters did n't consume high levels of violent media . But as a society we tend to focus on video games because it 's easy to do so . For example , in the recent case of Nehemiah Griego , a 15-year-old boy accused of killing his family in New Mexico , the police seemed to have been obsessed with violent games during a press conference . The police representative shifted a reporter 's question about illegal drugs to video games , the gist of which seemed to be that the boy enjoyed talking about "  Modern Warfare . " However , other reports suggested the boy 's access to violent games or television had been restricted by his family . In the weeks since the Newtown , Connecticut , massacre , there have been a host of high-profile crimes committed by older men . William Spengler , 62 , shot and killed two firefighters and apparently killed his sister in New York . Jimmy Lee Dykes , 65 , killed a bus driver and kidnapped a 5-year-old boy in Alabama . And Douglas Harmon , 70 , killed two people at a Phoenix law office , police said . These older men do n't fit the profile of video game players , yet they all did something horrible . Zakaria : Do n't blame the video games Curiously , no one seems interested in investigating the effects of media popular among the elderly . Our attention to video games in the cases of some shootings but not others is what psychologists call confirmation bias , and it creates the illusion of a correlation where there is none . It 's worth asking ourselves why we keep returning to video games despite the lack of evidence to support its link to violence . Of course , this kind of association is not new . Some scholars blamed television for the crime wave of the 1970s and '80s , which has since vanished . And comic books in the 1950s were blamed by psychiatrists for not only delinquency but homosexuality  Batman and Robin were secretly gay it seemed . I 'm not making this up  . In hindsight , these strands of associations look ridiculous , but in the moment they served a purpose . Opinion : NRA 's video game smacks of hypocrisy Rare though they are , mass shootings often strike at schools , malls , churches , theaters -- places we all go in places we all live . One of the questions asked repeatedly after the Newtown shooting is why Lanza did what he did . To say that he was an evil young man who cruelly inflicted suffering on others simply because , in his mind , life had given him the shaft is not satisfying . We want to control the uncontrollable , predict the unpredictable . We want to understand why an impossible to understand event happened and give ourselves some illusion of control . If violent video games were some small but critical component of Lanza 's motivation , why we could just get rid of such games and make this whole problem go away . It 's a tempting belief but absolutely wrong . Tech : After Newtown , shoppers think twice about violent video games If we could make it legal to regulate violence in games , would that have stopped Lanza or any of the other mass homicides through history ? No , not a one . We should not be distracted from looking for the real contributing factors to societal violence .	Consistent accounts indicate that Adam Lanza played a lot of violent video games Christopher J. Ferguson : There is no evidence linking video games to mass shootings He says people tend to see an illusion of correlation when there is none Ferguson : Even if we can regulate violence in games , it would n't stop mass shooters
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Phillip and Nancy Garrido pleaded not guilty Thursday to all 18 charges relating to the kidnapping and rape of a young California girl who was held captive from age 11 through 29 , according to the El Dorado County Superior Court and an attorney . Phillip Garrido earlier had been expected to enter a plea deal , but it was canceled Thursday , his wife 's attorney , Stephen Tapson , said during a news conference . Garrido and his wife , Nancy , are accused of snatching Jaycee Dugard when she was 11 and keeping her captive in a compound in Antioch , California . Nancy Garrido had pleaded "  not guilty " last year , but she had to re-enter the same pleas Thursday because the indictment against her was amended , Tapson told CNN . Phillip Garrido had been expected to plead guilty to all but two counts against him during a court hearing Thursday morning , Tapson said earlier . Garrido decided against pleading guilty because his attorney might challenge the indictment , Tapson said . A criminal complaint against the Garridos could proceed , but the legality of the indictment against them is apparently going to be contested , Tapson said . Phillip Garrido is facing at least 18 counts , including kidnapping , rape and false imprisonment , according to court documents . Dugard was snatched from the street in front of her home in South Lake Tahoe , California , in 1991 . Authorities found her in 2009 . Phillip Garrido , a registered sex offender on parole at the time of his arrest , is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity . Garrido 's attorney , Susan Gellman , could not be reached for comment . Tapson said Nancy Garrido confessed that she was involved in the kidnapping but denies she had anything to do with the sex crimes . Nancy Garrido had been offered a plea deal but it "  evaporated , " Tapson said . Under the plea deal , Nancy Garrido was offered a prison sentence of about 40 years with the potential of being released sooner , Tapson said . The family of Jaycee Dugard approved Nancy Garrido 's plea deal , Tapson said . But then detectives questioned Nancy Garrido about other California children who went missing the same time that Phillip Garrido was living in northern California , Tapson said . Nancy Garrido said she had no information , and the plea deal was withdrawn , Tapson said . Authorities have wanted to question Nancy Garrido because her husband has been a lead suspect in the case of 9-year-old Michaela Garecht , who disappeared in 1988 in Hayward , California . That case was profiled in February on HLN 's "  Nancy Grace America 's Missing , " during which the lead detective , Rob Lampkin of the Hayward Police Department , said that Phillip Garrido was their top suspect in the girl 's disappearance . Lampkin said Garrido lived in a halfway house about 20 minutes from a market parking lot where Michaela was abducted . Also on the show , the girl 's mother said she believed Nancy Garrido could provide answers to what happened to her daughter . Jean Casarez is a correspondent for truTV 's "  In Session "	NEW : Phillip and Nancy Garrido plead not guilty in kidnapping and rape case Garrido and his wife are accused of snatching Jaycee Dugard when she was 11 Nancy Garrido entered not-guilty pleas last year , but re-entered them Thursday Phillip Garrido is accused of fathering two daughters with Dugard during her captivity
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton urged the lame-duck Senate on Wednesday to ratify the new Russian nuclear arms control treaty , warning that a failure to do so would undermine a critical need for "  stability , transparency and predictability . " Clinton , appearing on Capitol Hill to push for approval of the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty , said the administration intends "  to do everything we can during this lame-duck session to get a vote to ratify this treaty . " "  This is not an issue that can afford to be postponed , " she said . Clinton was joined by Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , and Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , the top Republican on the committee . All three noted that there have been no American "  boots on the ground " inspecting the Russian nuclear arsenal since the expiration of the old treaty last December . Russia still has thousands of nuclear weapons , Lugar warned , and "  any one of those warheads could obliterate the city of Indianapolis , " a reference to the capital of his home state . This is an "  existential problem for our country , " he said . Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen later said he is "  extremely concerned " that nearly a year has passed since the expiration of the old treaty . "  The military leadership across the board in the United States ... supports moving forward with this treaty and I hope we can do that as rapidly as possible . " If approved , the new START treaty would restart mutual inspections while limiting the United States and Russia to 1,550 warheads and 700 launchers each . Top Democrats were stunned Tuesday when Arizona Sen. Jon Kyl , the Republican point man for Senate deliberations over the treaty , said in a statement that he had told Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , that the accord should not be considered before January , when the newly elected Congress is seated . He said he did n't think the current Senate should ratify the treaty "  given the combination of other work Congress must do and the complex and unresolved issues related to START and modernization . " The White House learned about Kyl 's opposition to taking up the vote during the lame-duck session "  via the press , " according to a senior administration official . The White House , which has already committed $ 80 billion to nuclear modernization efforts , recently promised to spend $ 4 billion in an effort to win the support of Kyl and other conservatives . "  We 're talking . In good faith , " Kyl told CNN on Wednesday as he walked into a Senate vote while escorted by Kerry . Alarmed Democrats have repeatedly warned it would be dangerous to further delay consideration of the treaty . On Tuesday , Vice President Joe Biden called the pact , among other things , "  a fundamental part of our relationship with Russia , which has been critical to our ability to supply our troops in Afghanistan and to impose and enforce strong sanctions on the Iranian government . " The vice president said the administration will continue to seek Senate approval of the treaty before the end of the year . A two-thirds Senate vote is required to approve the measure ; the more conservative incoming Senate is believed to be less likely to ratify the accord . Seventy-three percent of Americans believe the Senate should ratify the treaty , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Tuesday . Twenty-three percent are opposed to its approval . Russia has not approved the measure yet . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Jill Dougherty , and Laurie Ure contributed to this report	NEW : Adm. Mike Mullen voices support for ratification of the new START treaty Hillary Clinton urges the Senate to approve the treaty in the lame-duck session Clinton , Kerry and Lugar warn that U.S. inspections of Russia 's arsenal stopped last December Republicans worry that the White House is n't doing enough to modernize the U.S. arsenal
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korea will conduct naval fire drills near a flashpoint with the North that resulted in the deaths of four people , military officials said Thursday . The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff announced the exercises will take place in the seas southwest of Yeonpyeong Island on a day to be announced between December 18 and 21 . The South previously announced military exercises for this week , but Thursday 's announcement adds to them . Tensions mounted between the Koreas on November 23 , when North Korea shelled the island , which lies in South Korean territory . The attacked killed two marines and two civilians and injured 18 people . Last month 's attack was the first direct artillery assault on South Korea since 1953 , when an armistice ended fighting . The North has accused the South of provoking the attack because shells from a South Korean military drill landed in the North 's waters . North Korea Thursday accused the South 's new defense minister , Kim Kwan-jin , of "  going reckless like a puppy knowing no fear of a tiger , " state-run KCNA reported . During his confirmation hearing this month , Kim said South Korea would respond with airstrikes if the North attacks it again . The South Korean joint chiefs said the drills will be carried out in the presence of officials from the Military Armistice Committee and representatives from U.N. party members to ensure that the exercise is lawful and follows rules of the armistice .	New drills add to military exercises around the Korean peninsula North Korea shells a South Korean island last month The drills will take place near a flashpoint that left four people dead
CNN  -- A major Defense Department contractor has ordered its employees in Iraq to turn in their personal cell phones because "  of a safety and security concern . " KBR says , "  Any individual using a personal cell phone will be disciplined . " Houston , Texas-based KBR Inc. , formerly Kellogg Brown & Root , issued a statement saying the company had sent a message with the order to its Iraq employees , but it did not explain the concern that prompted it . "  The matter giving rise to this message is still being reviewed by KBR management , so the company will not provide further comment at this time , " the statement said . According to an e-mail obtained by CNN , the company issued the order to all KBR employees in Iraq , Afghanistan and Kuwait -- although in its communications with CNN , the company specified only Iraq . In the e-mail , employees are ordered to stop using their cell phones as of 8 a.m. Saturday and turn them in to the company 's human resources department . "  Any individual using a personal cell phone will be disciplined , " the e-mail says . "  Termination is an option of discipline . The cell phone will be confiscated . " According to the e-mail , employees will be given a receipt when they turn in their phones , which will be returned to them "  when the individual departs the site . " Haris Memisevic , the KBR quality manager in Afghanistan who forwarded the e-mail to some employees , said he could not discuss the matter and referred calls to KBR 's legal department . A KBR employee , who asked to remain anonymous , said he was "  not aware of any security breaches involving the use of cell phones " and that employees were not given any reason for the order . He said he has no plans to comply and believes his personal security would be at risk without his cell phone . "  KBR has a communication system , but as with any system it does fail and we can only communicate with another installation by use of the cell phones , " he said . "  We pay for this use with our own funds . " Some corporate employees have company-provided cell phones , he said , but at his location there is only one company-provided phone for use if the communication system fails . He said the U.S. Army confiscates cell phones from Afghans who work at military installations and returns them when they finish their daily duties . An Army spokesman told CNN on Saturday that the order is strictly a KBR initiative .	Defense contractor KBR Inc. tells workers to turn in personal phones Source says order applies to KBR employees in Iraq , Afghanistan , Kuwait Nature of security threat is not specified ; KBR says matter is being investigated
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- At first glance , "  Mahmoud " would seem the perfect candidate to be a supporter of Moammar Gadhafi . He has prospered during the Libyan leader 's 41-year reign , first as a professional and later taking care of his deceased father 's businesses . But , as with many things in Tripoli , a first glance can be deceiving . "  Ninety percent of the people in Tripoli hate Gadhafi , " Mahmoud told me over sips of espresso at a corner coffee shop this weekend . "  All his people do is tell lies . If anyone tells you different they are just afraid . " CNN is withholding his real name for his own safety . On an almost hourly basis , regime officials and government minders tell foreign journalists that Tripoli is a stronghold of Gadhafi and that dissent has vanished in recent months . CNN , like other media here , is under severe government restrictions . But I recently managed to slip away from government minders to talk directly to several Libyans . And according to several eyewitness accounts , major demonstrations were held against Libya 's strongman as recently as last week . And in the Souq al-Juma neighborhood of the capital , where anti-Gadhafi protests first erupted in February , the government 's propaganda bubble is quickly burst . While international journalists including me were ferried by government minders to a pro-Gadhafi rally at Green Square on Friday afternoon , multiple sources tell CNN that several Tripoli neighborhoods were wracked by running battles between protesters and security forces . "  They were protesting right around the corner . They streamed out of a mosque and onto the small square , " said Mahmoud . "  Almost immediately Gadhafi forces fired at them with live rounds . " Mahmoud and other sources say that the group was several hundred strong . He claims that three people were killed and that the area was put under lockdown by government security . Other people in the area confirmed the death toll , but it is impossible for CNN to independently verify this account . The government has repeatedly denied any anti-Gadhafi protests in Tripoli in recent weeks , including on Friday . A taxi driver in his 20s also said that he took part in one of the protests in Souq al-Juma on Friday . CNN is calling him Jamal -- not his real name -- to protect his safety . "  We came out after afternoon prayers , " he said , "  we were unarmed and peaceful and they just shot at us . " He says he a bullet grazed his arm . Jamal says that unlike the rebels in the East , they do n't have easy access to weapons to fight . But he says , "  I am not afraid . Even though we were unarmed , I am doing this for the future of my country . " Another protest was fired upon in a seaside neighborhood of the capital , Jamal says , citing friends who said they were at the demonstration . Speaking to journalists in Tripoli is risky . Gadhafi 's vast spying network means that almost anyone on the street could be an informer or worse . Residents of Souq al-Juma say that hundreds , if not thousands , have been summarily arrested by the dreaded intelligence "  brigades . " They are never heard from again . And it seems nowhere is safe . Jamal says that recently , a family he knows pinned up a rebel flag out of sight in their home . Somehow the intelligence services found out . "  They stormed into the house , pulled down the flag , and arrested every man in that house , " says Jamal . But the worst indignity of all , people here say , is they ca n't bury their dead . "  The Gadhafi men . They come out and shoot you like cats , " Mahmoud told me . "  they hold their guns over you like this and shoot you like cats . We are not people to them . " Regime officials will often then take the dead away , he says , not affording people a proper burial . "  If we bury them , we must do it in secret . "	CNN 's David McKenzie gets away from Libya government minders to talk to ordinary people "  Ninety percent of the people hate Gadhafi , " a businessman says Security forces battle protesters right behind journalists ' backs , a cab driver says The government denies there are anti-Gadhafi protests in the capital
Does your baby cry during long flights , causing you to want to disappear from the glares of fellow passengers ? One airline is offering a perk that means your fussy baby would no longer be your problem . Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways offers free "  Flying Nannies " to tend to children on long flights , according to a report from the Daily Mail . Consider it the ultimate in concierge service for parents , who can hand off their little ones to crew members who have been trained to care for their children . Hungry kid ? No worries , the Flying Nanny can feed your progeny early . Bored to tears ? The group is trained to entertain even the squirmiest of tots . The nannies are obvious by their orange aprons , and even trained are even trained in child psychology . The service helped Etihad , the national airline of the United Arab Emirates , win Best Up in the Air Experience distinction from the Future Travel Experience Awards in September . The award drew more attention to the nanny program . "  Across the carrier 's existing fleet , travellers in all classes can also enjoy a range of other amenities ranging from the ` Flying Nanny ' onboard childcare service and next-generation in-flight entertainment , to onboard menus created by a hand-selected team of world-class chefs , " according to an FTE Awards release . "  Flying with a young family can be a daunting task , even for the most experienced travellers , and the Flying Nanny role demonstrates our understanding of our guests ' needs and our commitment to making the journey as relaxing and comfortable as possible , " said Aubrey Tiedt , vice president of guest services for the airline . "  The Flying Nanny will liaise with parents and use their experience and knowledge to make the travel experience easier . " Adam Weissenberg , vice chairman and U.S. leader of Deloitte 's travel , hospitality and leisure sector , told USA Today that the airline was creative and forward thinking in offering the service . But swaying parents -- even those anxious to get a little help with their kids -- will still come down to dollars and cents he said . "  At the end of the day , travelers still look at price first , " Weissenberg said . "  However , if prices are close or equal , perks like these could well sway a traveler 's decision . "	Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways offers on-board nannies to care for children They are crew members specially trained to work with kids Expert says the airline is "  creative " to offer the service , but parents are price shopping
CNN  -- Nineteen-year-old Sergio Pea is living his dream . "  You know , to be a race car driver -- it almost does n't seem real , " he said . "  It does n't seem like a job at all . It 's more like play to me . " Pea may say it feels like play , but his work ethic says otherwise . "  He is a very methodical , very calculated race car driver , " said Kip Childress , director of NASCAR 's K&N Pro Series East . "  Sergio is a driver that uses a whole lot of thought behind the steering wheel . " Pea is from Virginia and is a first generation Colombian American . His love for racing started at age 4 when his father bought him a dirt bike . Jai Pea saw early on that there was no turning back . "  He loved it from day one , " his father said . Pea has been competing professionally since he was 13 . Motocross , Go-Karts , Formula cars -- he was game for anything . But his love for all things speed did n't come without a price . Jai Pea bankrolled his son 's efforts for many years . He estimates he spent more than $ 1 million funding this son 's dream of making it to the big time . "  I would n't change a thing , " he said . "  The economy is tough , but if I had to do it again , I think I would do it again . " The sport of NASCAR is one that calls for major financial backing from sponsors in order for racers to have a legitimate chance to compete at a high level . NASCAR has at times been criticized for not doing enough to recruit minorities . The sport has made strides in recent years to remedy that problem , most notably through its "  Drive for Diversity " program , which began in 2004 . The program looks for "  marketable minority and female drivers with racing experience at the grassroots level , " according to its website . More than 200 drivers apply to the program each year , and six to 10 are selected , the website says . "  The main goal of the ` Drive for Diversity ' program is to get minorities a chance to enter their names into the sport , " said Sergio Pea . "  It gives them a chance to get their names out there and advance themselves into higher-up NASCAR series or bigger teams . " Meet the technical men behind the Nascar scene Pea completed the program , and his success helped him land a big sponsor , Hattori Racing Enterprises . With a major sponsor and team behind him , Pea 's skills have become more refined . Last year was a breakout year of sorts for him . He finished the year tied for most wins in the K&N Pro Series East and came in fifth overall in points . But having a great support system and the right opportunities will only get you so far . Success in NASCAR is measured in wins . Pea is fully aware of this and attacks the track every time he gets behind the wheel . "  Sergio has done quite a bit of work , as well , and he has to perform , " Childress said . "  Sergio has been able to get the job done on the race track . " "  I 'm just another kid trying to make it in racing , just following my dream , " Pea said . "  I 'm very thankful for all the people who have helped me along the way throughout my career . " As for bringing more diversity to NASCAR ? "  It 's getting there , step by step , " Pea said . NASCAR driver surprises military dad with the ride of his life	Sergio Pea , 19 , graduated from NASCAR 's diversity program NASCAR has been criticized for lack of diversity Pea 's father spent more than $ 1 million funding his son 's dream
Washington  CNN  -- A government report obtained by CNN on Friday states that government agents and lawyers mistreated Monica Lewinsky when they approached the former White House intern in January 1998 to get her to cooperate with an investigation into President Bill Clinton . The report , which was first reported by the Washington Post 's Rosalind S. Helderman , notes that while "  no lawyer involved in the confrontation with Monica Lewinsky committed professional misconduct , " the encounter "  could have been handled better by all of the OIC lawyers involved . " Read the full report here . At the center of the government report is what happened after FBI agents and lawyers from the Office of Independent Counsel , who at the time was investigating the affair with Clinton , approached Lewinsky at a food court and moved the conversation to a hotel room nearby . The counsel -- which was led by Ken Starr -- was investigating Clinton for a number of issues , including his extramarital affair with Lewinsky . "  Associate Independent Counsel Michael Emmick confronted Lewinsky with her false affidavit and other criminal activities relations to the Jones case , " the report states . "  In an effort to gain her cooperation , Emmick told her she could be prosecuted on multiple criminal charges , but said if she cooperated , the OIC would take it into account in charging decisions . " In doing so , however , the agents and lawyers denied Lewinsky attempts to speak with her lawyer , Frank Carter . "  Because they feared she would want to call Carter , " the report -- which was posted online by the Post -- states , "  OIC lawyers devised a deliberate strategy to discourage her from doing so . " One way of doing that was telling Lewinsky that contacting the lawyer would "  get less value for her cooperation . " To sum up the confrontation , the report -- which was ordered by Robert W. Ray , Starr 's successor -- states : "  On the slippery slope , Emmick did not stop . " The National Archives provided CNN with the report and Spokeswoman Laura Diachenko said the reason this report was able to be released - but other from the Starr investigation were not - was because the report was not clearly marked as sealed . "  If the Special Counsel report authored by Jo Ann Harris was considered sealed by the Special Division , it should have been clearly marked to indicate its status . It was not , " Diachenko said in an emailed statement . "  If the report was marked as under seal , it would not have been released . " The release of the 2000 report on Lewinsky comes at a time when the former White House intern has stepped back into the public eye after more than a decade of trying to be private . Lewinsky delivered her first high-profile speech since the affair at Forbes ' 30 Under 30 summit on Tuesday and earlier this year Vanity Fair announced that the former White House intern was a contributor to the magazine . Since then , Lewinsky has penned pieces on cyberbullying and her life after the Clinton affair . At the Forbes appearance , Lewinsky spoke at length about her confrontation with agents and lawyers that was detailed in the government report . "  It was just like you see in the movies , " Lewinsky said of the encounter . "  Imagine , one minute I was waiting to meet a friend in the food court and the next I realized she had set me up , as two FBI agents flashed their badges at me . " She added : "  Immediately following , in a nearby hotel room , I was threatened with up to 27 years in jail for denying the affair in an affidavit and other alleged crimes . Twenty-seven years . When you 're only 24 yourself , that 's a long time . Chillingly , told that my mother too might face prosecution if I did n't cooperate and wear a wire ... My friends and my family were subpoenaed to testify against me . " The government report - titled the "  Report of the Special Counsel Concerning Allegations of Professional Misconduct By the Office of Independent Counsel in Connection with the Encounter with Monica Lewinsky " - substantiates Lewinsky 's story . "  For nearly twelve hours , the OIC lawyers were in a hotel room with this hysterical but very focused young woman , " reads the report . Lewinsky , however , never cooperated with the investigation . And while Clinton was impeached by the House , the Senate acquitted the president of the House charges in 1999 . OPINION : Shame on Monica Lewinsky OPINION : Stop judging Monica Lewinsky	A government report finds that Monica Lewinsky was mistreated during the 1998 affair investigation Lewinsky , who had an affair with President Bill Clinton starting in 1995 , was hounded by agents to cooperate in the investigation In doing so , the agents did not allow Lewinsky to contact her lawyer and confronted her with a "  false affidavit " The release of the report comes at a time when Lewinsky is stepping back into public after a decade of attempted privacy
Manila  CNN  -- The right punch Mexican Juan Manuel Marquez threw to knock out Filipino Manny Pacquiao in the sixth round of their non-title welterweight clash arguably registered on the Richter scale , with the aftershocks being felt from the posh MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas , Nevada to the last-standing shanty in the typhoon-ravaged areas of Mindanao , the Philippines . When Pacquiao hit the canvas with a resounding thud , Filipinos all over the world cringed and felt the impact of the debacle down to their toenails . In the Philippines , where the fight was shown in cinemas , restaurants , and makeshift arenas , some stood in silence in utter disbelief while others unabashedly shed tears . The day following the fight , the front page of all the major newspapers in the country read like the obituary page . Pacquiao 's loss could not have come at a worse time . Just days before the fight , Super Typhoon "  Pablo "  international name Bopha  leveled several provinces in the Visayas and Mindanao . Downtrodden Filipinos were all counting on Pacquiao to lift their faltering spirit with another sterling performance in the ring , but the Pacman also ended up taking it flush on the chin . That Filipinos are also treating Pacquiao 's loss as a "  natural disaster " is not without a reason . Pacquiao is more than a boxer in the eyes of his countrymen . From the time he burst into the world boxing stage by knocking out Mexican Marco Antonio Barrera in November 2003 , Pacquiao has been looked upon as a walking icon , a symbol of everything that is positive about the Filipino : God-fearing , resilient and tough as nails . After every major win in the ring , Pacquiao , who grew up in dirt poverty , made it a point to share his astronomical paycheck among the poor . Down the road , he explored other avenues to help out : he successfully ran for a seat in Congress and started moonlighting as a game show host who indiscriminately gave out prizes to contestants . The devastating loss to Marquez , however , sends the signal that Pacquiao is already feeling the brunt of the responsibility he has been made to assume . Before the fight , not a few noted that Pacquiao 's focus on boxing had waned . He insisted that he was in control of the situation , but the observations were confirmed following the horrific knockout loss to Marquez . To some extent , Pacquiao has become a prisoner of the suffocating image he has created . Turning 34 on December 17 , Pacquiao 's career as a boxer is at the crossroads . Is it time to focus solely on boxing to give his career the glorious send-off it deserves ? Is walking away from the sport with his health intact the best option available ? Or should he again flirt with disaster by continuing to multi-task ? Considering all that he has done for his countrymen , perhaps it is only proper for Pacquiao to finally look out for himself . Boxing is a dangerous sport and what happened in the Marquez fight is proof that even a supposedly invincible boxing champion is susceptible to a flesh wound . Then again , at a time when his countrymen are down on their knees and in dire need of a hero , it appears that Pacquiao is bent on lacing on the gloves to carry the fight anew for his people . There is this scene in the movie The Dark Knight Rises where Selina Kyle , aka Catwoman , tries to convince Batman to leave Gotham City . "  You do n't owe these people anymore . You 've given them everything , " Kyle tells Batman , to which the Dark Knight replies : "  Not everything . Not yet . " You can say that the Philippines ' own knight is treading the same dangerous curve . We can only hope that he will emerge from his quest in one piece as nobody wants a repeat of the Marquez ordeal .	Tolentino : Pacquiao 's knockout traumatized Filipinos around the world Tolentino : Pacquiao seen as much more than a boxer in eyes of Filipinos Tolentino : Pacquiao has become prisoner of the suffocating image he created
CNN Student News  -- August 26 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Maryland , New Jersey , North Carolina & Virginia  Libya Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Guitarist Carlos Santana signed on as the first rock 'n' roll resident artist at the Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel and Casino 's new concert hall , The Joint . Santana will not play any other shows west of the Mississippi River over the next two years . The two-year deal calls for Santana to play 36 shows a year , starting May 27 , the hotel said . The Joint , which holds 4,000 , opens next month with Paul McCartney in a show that sold out earlier this month in just seven seconds . Santana said his show -- "  Supernatural Santana : A Trip Through the Hits " -- will "  mix up a little practical spirituality with a rebel-from-the-street vibe , and with lots of incredible music . " "  My wish is for it to be a night that will move you to dance , to cry , to laugh and to feel the totality and fullness of being alive , " Santana said . Santana , who has sold 90 million records over the past 40 years , is credited with blending American rock with Latin jazz . Santana 's deal is exclusive , meaning he will play no other shows west of the Mississippi River over the next two years , according to the news release announcing it . Santana 's residency is produced by AEG Live , the same company that brought Celine Dion , Elton John , Bette Midler and Cher to The Colosseum at Caesars Palace . "  Now we are setting the standard for rock 'n' roll residencies with this new deal , " said John Meglen , AEG Live president .	Guitar player Santana to play 36 shows a year , starting May 27 Las Vegas Hard Rock Hotel and Casino 's new concert hall holds 4,000 seats AEG Live president : "  Now we are setting the standard for rock 'n' roll residencies "
Curiosity , humanity 's most powerful rover to land on Mars , has made a startling discovery : Conditions that could have supported life once existed there . "  We have found a habitable environment that is so benign , and supportive of life , that probably if this water was around and you had been on the planet , you would have been able to drink it , " John Grotzinger , Curiosity project scientist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , said in a Tuesday news conference . This discovery is based on the chemical analysis of powder that the rover recovered by drilling a hole in a rock . This was the first time a robot sent from Earth had drilled on another planet . The powder from the drilling turned out to have a wealth of chemicals in it , including sulfur , nitrogen , hydrogen , oxygen , phosphorus and carbon . These are ingredients for life , scientists said . "  What do we mean by habitability ? The key thing here is an environment that a microbe could have lived in and maybe even prospered in , " Grotzinger said . Powder from the drill was a gray-green color , meaning it was not highly oxidized , said David Blake , principal investigator for Curiosity 's Chemistry and Mineralogy investigation at NASA 's Ames Research Center . That means if there were organic material present there , it could have been preserved . Mars rover drills , sees planet 's true colors The sample had between 20 % to 30 % of a type of clay called smectite , which forms in the presence of water , Blake said . In Yellowknife Bay , the area where the rover is located , it appears "  slightly salty liquid water " was once there , said Michael Meyer , lead scientist for the Mars Exploration Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington . These observations contrast sharply with the findings of Mars rover Opportunity , which landed on a different part of Mars in 2004 and is still chugging along . A rock that Opportunity found called Wopmay appeared to be made of hematite with iron-bearing sulfates , indicative of acidic water . That would not have been a habitable environment . The rock that Curiosity found , on the other hand , has calcium sulfate and seems to have been in water with a neutral pH. "  This rock quite frankly looks like a typical thing that we would get on Earth , " Grotzinger said . What we 've done on Mars , and what 's next Here 's something else exciting : Grotzinger also described what he termed "  batteries . " Some of the minerals found have various charges and oxidation states . Modern microbiology has determined that tiny organisms can derive energy by feeding on rocks . Life on Mars could have taken the form of a microorganism that used the minerals as an energy source . He compares this to a battery-powered light , in which you hook up the wires and electrons flow to make a light bulb turn on . Scientists do n't have any other examples of extraterrestrial environments with this distinction of having been able to support life . "  This is probably the only definitely habitable environment that we 've described and recorded , " said Paul Mahaffy , principal investigator for Curiosity 's Sample Analysis at Mars investigation at NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center . With the habitability issue out of the way , Curiosity has yet to explore the question of organic molecules , which could indicate life but could also come from other sources . Grotzinger identified several challenges with this . For example , although the findings concerning water are exciting , the presence of water may mean that organic molecules indicative of life were not well-preserved , Grotzinger said . A lot of organic compounds also are degraded in the presence of heat , he said . Mars appears to have cooled with time , so radiation may be the problem instead . "  Our trick is to find a place where all ... of those things went right , and that could take the entire length of this mission , but we 're going to give it our best , " he said . But organic molecules could be manufactured on Mars from nonlife sources , or they could come from meteorites and comets . Mars rover spots shiny objects It 's also important to note that Curiosity is not a life-detection mission . "  If there was microbial metabolism going on , we would n't have the ability to measure that , " Grotzinger said . And if there were microbial fossils in the rock , the rover would not be able to resolve individual fossil microbes even with the many cameras on board Curiosity , including the high-powered MAHLI , Grotzinger said . Curiosity wo n't make its second drill hole until May . Scientists are excited about that because the first sample could have been tainted by material analyzed at a different site on Mars . The 2-ton rover landed on Mars on August 6 in a series of acrobatic maneuvers dubbed the "  seven minutes of terror . " The mission comes with a price tag of $ 2.5 billion . Scientists have now confirmed that each of the many intricate instruments on board the rover are working . "  The rover is now fully commissioned for science , " Meyer said . He added , "  The keys to rover have been turned over to science team - Woohoo ! " Curiosity landed in Gale Crater , which hosts a mound called Mount Sharp . The bedrock in the crater where the rover drilled appears to be located in an ancient network of stream channels , which came down from the crater 's rim , NASA said . Curiosity still has plans to travel to Mount Sharp , where it will slowly climb a mountain analyzing the sedimentary rock to explore its geological history . "  The question is : How many of these different kinds of ` batteries ' can we find at Gale Crater ? I think that really becomes our mission along with the search for organic compounds , " Grotzinger said . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Chemical analysis of powder from Mars rock suggests area was habitable This is the first environment apart from Earth to be declared habitable at some point in time The 2-ton rover landed on Mars on August 6
CNN  -- Douglas McAuthur McCain grew up in the Minneapolis area . Aged 33 , he died more than 6,000 miles to the east of his birthplace , fighting in Syria for ISIS , the group that calls itself the "  Islamic State . " ISIS is a group that even al Qaeda has rejected , in part , for its reprehensible tactics , which run to public crucifixions . McCain 's transformation to a militant jihadist left his family "  devastated , " his uncle , Ken McCain , told CNN . McCain is the first American known to have been killed while fighting for ISIS . But he is not the only American drawn to the group or to al Qaeda 's affiliate in Syria , the al-Nusra Front . In May 2014 , Moner Abu-Salha , a 22-year-old American citizen from Florida , conducted a suicide bombing on behalf of Nusra . Abu-Salha had reportedly re-entered the United States after he received training from the group in Syria and before returning to the conflict . Abu-Salha is the first American suicide bomber known to have died in Syria . Some 100 other Americans are believed to have either fought in Syria since 2011 or been arrested before they could get there . According to a count by the New America Foundation , eight of these individuals have been indicted for traveling , attempting to travel , or facilitating the travel of others to fight with ISIS or the al-Nusra Front . Some of these cases involved those who tried to join ISIS or Nusra , but were arrested before they could leave the States :  Abdella Tounisi , an 18-year-old American citizen from Aurora , Illinois , was arrested and charged with attempting to provide material support to Nusra . On April 19 , 2013 , he was caught in a sting operation and said that he had no combat skills to speak of : "  Concerning my fighting skills , to be honest , I do not have any . " Tounisi pleaded not guilty and awaits trial .  Basit Sheikh , a North Carolina man , was arrested in November 2013 at Raleigh-Durham International Airport in North Carolina while allegedly trying to fly to Lebanon in order to join Nusra . He awaits trial .  Nicholas Teausant , a 20-year-old from California , was arrested in March 2014 while allegedly traveling to join ISIS . Teausant pleaded not guilty and awaits trial .  Shannon Conley , a 19-year-old Denver woman , was arrested in April 2014 and charged with attempting to provide material support to ISIS . She awaits trial .  Adam Dandach , a 20-year-old Orange County man , was arrested at John Wayne Airport while allegedly attempting to travel to join ISIS . Dandach was charged with lying about needing a passport replacement to conceal that the real reason he needed to replace his passport was that his mother had hidden his original passport to prevent his travel . He awaits trial .  In December , Sinh Vinh Ngo Nguyen , an American citizen from southern California , pleaded guilty to a charge of attempting to provide material support to al Qaeda . Between December 2012 and April 2013 , Nguyen had traveled to Syria , where , he stated , he fought alongside Nusra . On his return , Nguyen discussed with an informant his intent to participate further in jihad .  In August 2013 , Gufran Mohammed , a naturalized American citizen living in Saudi Arabia , was charged with attempting to provide material support to Nusra in Syria by facilitating the recruitment of experienced fighters from al Qaeda 's Somali affiliate to travel to Syria .  Michael Todd Wolfe , a 23-year-old Texas man , pleaded guilty to attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization by traveling to Syria to fight with ISIS . Because of the murky nature of the Syrian conflict , it is sometimes a challenge to identify the groups that Americans traveling to Syria are involved with . Two cases -- those of Nicole Mansfield and Eric Harroun -- illustrate this difficulty . Mansfield , a Michigan woman , was killed in Syria in 2013 , reportedly during a military clash . However , details on whether she was fighting in Syria and , if so , which group she fought for remain under investigation . Harroun was indicted upon his return to the States in 2013 for fighting with Nusra , but it was later discovered that the FBI had mistranslated the name of the group he fought with and he had actually fought with a group that was not aligned with al Qaeda . So far , no U.S. citizen involved in fighting or supporting Nusra or ISIS has been charged with plotting to conduct an attack inside the United States . Further , ISIS ' predecessor , al Qaeda in Iraq , never tried to conduct an attack on the American homeland , although it did bomb three American hotels in Jordan in 2005 . And it 's also worth noting that in none of the successful terrorist attacks in the States since 9/11 -- such as the Boston Marathon bombings last year or Maj. Nidal Hasan 's massacre at Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 -- did any of the convicted or alleged perpetrators receive training overseas . Returning foreign fighters from the Syrian conflict pose a far greater threat to Europe , which has contributed a much larger number of foreign fighters to the conflict than the United States , including an estimated 700 from France , 450 from the United Kingdom and 270 from Germany . Unlike in the United States , European countries have reported specific terrorist plots tied to returning Syrian fighters . Mehdi Nemmouche , a suspect in the May 24 shootings at a Jewish museum in Brussels , Belgium , that killed four people , spent about a year with jihadist fighters in Syria , according to the Paris prosecutor in the case . But Nemmouche 's case is the only instance of lethal violence by a returning Syrian fighter in the West . What can be done ? Western governments are keenly aware of the problem of Syrian veterans coming home both radicalized and trained . The problem is that in some European countries with hundreds of returnees , it is just not possible to monitor all of them . That was vividly illustrated by the case of Nemmouche . Information-sharing between Western governments about the identities of those who have traveled to Syria and have received militant training is the key to preventing more incidents such as the one at the Jewish Museum in Brussels .	Peter Bergen , David Sterman : First American known killed while fighting for ISIS Writers : Other Americans drawn to ISIS , al-Nusra in Syria ; 100 have fought or tried to No American involved with ISIS or Nusra charged with plotting attack inside U.S. , they say Writers : Tracking the foreign fighters is a key priority for counterterrorism efforts
CLARKSDALE , Mississippi  CNN  -- Pat Davis was just 10 years old when two black men came into his father 's barbecue joint in the heart of the Mississippi Delta in 1947 . A huge fuss ensued , with four racists shouting every name in the book . Pat Davis operates Abe 's BBQ . His father was a Lebanese immigrant in Mississippi and defied segregation . "  My daddy went over to their table and said , ` These are people who want to eat just like you want to eat . You do n't bother them . You leave them alone , ' " Davis says , the incident seared in his mind six decades later . "  They told Daddy he could lose his business by letting black people come in . " It 's not unusual to find a barbecue restaurant in the South where the ribs are so good you want to run home and kiss your mom . But it 's a rare find to discover the South 's main delicacy cooked up by Lebanese immigrants in Mississippi , who defied segregation and who 've been doing it since 1924 . Welcome to Abe 's BBQ , a living testament to good eats and to good people , where civil rights were put to the test and won . In the end , racism took a back seat to slow-cooked pit barbecue . Today , Abe 's remains one of the oldest restaurants in Mississippi . Step inside , view photos of Abe 's " It 's named after founder Abraham Davis , who arrived in Mississippi from Lebanon in 1913 when he was 13 years old . Abe 's sits at The Crossroads , the landmark spot at Highways 49 and 61 in Clarksdale where legend has it that blues king Robert Johnson sold his soul to the devil . Two giant guitars jut into the sky marking the spot where the deal went down . You might be pausing here . Lebanese in Mississippi ? Defying segregation ? Sounds like something out of William Faulkner 's Yoknapatawpha County . As you sit down with a platter of ribs this Labor Day weekend , this is one barbecue story you might enjoy over cole slaw , baked beans and beer . The town of Clarksdale is located about 70 miles southwest of Memphis , Tennessee , with a population of about 20,000 people . It was once known as the "  Golden Buckle in the Cotton Belt , " complete with Lebanese , Italian , Chinese and Jewish immigrants along with local blacks and white plantation owners . Much of the immigrant population has moved on . The town these days is perhaps best known for the Delta Blues Museum and for the nearby Ground Zero Blues Club , co-owned by actor Morgan Freeman . Blues purists may point you around the corner to Red 's juke joint , a ramshackle place where raw Delta blues oozes from the walls . On this night , Eli Paperboy Reed and the True Loves brought the house down . But it 's Abe 's that has stood the test of time . Abraham Davis started his pit barbecue as the Bungalow Inn in 1924 . It moved to its current location around 1936 , and Pat Davis renamed it after his father in 1960 . Davis says being an immigrant -- or in his case , the son of immigrants -- gives one a better respect for all people . "  It was a humbling feeling , and we knew how the blacks must 've felt , " he says . "  Being Lebanese , my parents were n't truly accepted as first-class citizens when they first got here . " Andrew Clark , a 58-year-old African-American , worked at Abe 's from 1962 to 1990 , beginning when he was 16 . He says Abe 's is a symbol of great barbecue and a shrine to the civil rights struggle . "  They did n't see us as colored . They saw us customers , " Clark says . "  It did n't matter whether you were white or black ... I never seen them turn down anyone . " Sometimes he 'd hear racist comments from white customers . When that happened , Pat Davis always stepped in . "  The whole family is really , really great people , " Clark says . "  This place really has good roots to it . " Pat Davis refers to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. as a prophet , "  because any time you change things for the better , you 've got to come from God . " He says change did n't come easy . Many of the local blacks , he says , did n't want his family to be harmed , so they often followed segregation laws . It was when blacks from out of town came that things began to change . "  They would come through the front and inside , " he says . "  My daddy never refused anyone no matter what color , race or religion . That 's my philosophy as well . " He says his father , who always carried a Bible written in Arabic , was "  just doing the right thing . " A hand-painted mural on the wall of Abe 's depicts a pig with a fiddle in his hand , a pork sandwich and beer at his side . The hog is grinning from ear to ear , much like Abe 's faithful customers over the years . "  He 's satisfied even though he 's eating one of his kinfolks , " Davis says with a chuckle . If you 're in Clarksdale but not in the mood for barbecue  something 's wrong with you , if so  , then you 'll want to head just up the road to an even more authentic Lebanese restaurant . Rest Haven dishes out kibbe , grape leaves and a host of other Lebanese delicacies , along with traditional American cuisine . Chafik Chamoun , a first generation Lebanese-American , established Rest Haven in 1954 . Like Abe 's , Chamoun says he has always welcomed people of all races . He peddled wares to black workers on plantations when he arrived in the United States , and learned to see past skin color at an early age . "  I made a living with the black people all my life , " he says . "  I never refused one of them . " "  Most people tell me how glad they are that I serve them , that my business is here , " says Chamoun , 75 . I pause and tell Davis and Chamoun that stories like theirs are n't celebrated enough in Mississippi , that "  all we hear about is bad sh -- " coming from these parts . The men burst into laughter . They nod with approval . They say their message is one of love , honor and respect . And , oh yeah , one more thing : Great food .	One of the oldest restaurants in Mississippi defied segregation Abe 's BBQ in Clarksdale was founded by Lebanese immigrant Abraham Davis "  We knew how the blacks must 've felt , " says son Pat Davis Long-time worker : Abe 's is symbol of great barbecue and the civil rights struggle
London  CNN  -- The British Supreme Court on Wednesday denied Julian Assange 's appeal against extradition to Sweden over sexual abuse allegations , but the judges left open a surprise avenue for the WikiLeaks founder to fight on . Assange will take it , his legal team said , arguing that the judges made their decision based on issues that were not argued in court . Assange has been fighting for a year and a half against being sent to Sweden for questioning about accusations of sexual abuse . Two women in Sweden accused Assange in August 2010 of sexually assaulting them during a visit to the country in connection with a WikiLeaks release of internal U.S. military documents . The Supreme Court appeared Wednesday to clear the way for him to be sent to Sweden for questioning , then unexpectedly gave his legal team two weeks to file an appeal . Assange lawyer Gareth Pierce said after the hearing that he would request a new hearing . "  The majority of the judges decided that custom and practice of the European community in effect trumped the law , " she said . That "  was not argued in court and that in itself would be a breach of the  European Convention on Human Rights  Article 6 guarantee to a fair hearing . " It is very unusual for the court to grant permission to appeal its rulings , which are supposed to be final in Britain . WikiLeaks ' work is not at issue in the extradition hearing or the Swedish allegations against Assange . Assange has not been charged with a crime , but Swedish prosecutors want to question him in connection with allegations of "  unlawful coercion and sexual misconduct including rape , " according to a Supreme Court document . Assange , who has been under house arrest in Britain since December 2010 , maintains he is innocent and claims that the allegations are politically motivated . He fears that if he is extradited to Sweden , authorities there could hand him over to the United States , where he then could be prosecuted for his leaking of classified documents . In a tweet Tuesday , WikiLeaks connected Wednesday 's judgment with the arrival of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Sweden , which is scheduled a few days later . "  Hiliary Clinton and State Dept team arrive Stockhom June 3-4 ; 4 days after Assange extradition decision . Fanciful to think no discussion , " the tweet read , misspelling both the first name of the cabinet official and of the Swedish capital . Clinton is due to make a stop in Stockholm , according to a statement on the State Department website , on a swing through six countries . Discussions about Internet freedom are included on the agenda . Assange 's lawyers fought the extradition on appeal via a legal technicality involving the arrest warrant . They argued that the "  European Arrest Warrant " issued for Assange is invalid because it was issued by a Swedish prosecutor , whom they say is not an independent and impartial judicial authority . His lawyers earlier vowed to take their fight all the way to the European Court of Human Rights if the Supreme Court denies the appeal . Two women Assange had sexual relations with in Sweden in August 2010 subsequently went to police , who took down their complaints , according the Britain 's Supreme Court . Police then interviewed Assange . The WikiLeaks founder left Sweden "  in ignorance of the fact that a domestic arrest warrant had been issued for him , " according to the U.K. high court . A Swedish court granted a warrant for his "  detention for interrogation , " and Swedish prosecutors issued a European Arrest Warrant for his detention in the U.K. WikiLeaks , which facilitates the anonymous leaking of secret information , has published some 250,000 confidential U.S. diplomatic cables , causing embarrassment to the government and others . It has also published hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. documents relating to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan . But the organization has come under financial pressure , leading Assange to announce that WikiLeaks was temporarily stopping publication to "  aggressively fund raise " in order to stay afloat . An announcement at the top of WikiLeaks ' home page reads : "  We are forced to put all our efforts into raising funds to ensure our economic survival . " During his wait for the Supreme Court to rule on his extradition , Assange has hosted a talk show on Russian TV . "  The World Tomorrow " appears on the Kremlin-funded , pro-Russian network Russia Today . He hosts it from the Suffolk mansion where he is under house arrest , with an electronic bracelet monitoring his movements . He has interviewed controversial figures at odds with the U.S. government including Hassan Nasrallah , the leader of Hezbollah , which the United States considers a terrorist organization , and Ecuador 's president Rafael Correa , who railed against the United States in his interview with Assange .	NEW : Assange will appeal , his legal team says In a surprise move , the Supreme Court leaves open a possible avenue of appeal Two women in Sweden accuse Assange of sexual assault The case is not connected to his work at WikiLeaks
They may be swapping Russia 's two top political offices in real life , but they are just children riding trikes together forever -- at least in a new kids ' coloring book . The creators of a scandalous sexy calendar for Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin have revealed a new gift for him at his 59th birthday : a children 's coloring book with the main characters Dima  short for Dmitry  and Vova  short for Vladimir  , closely resembling President Dmitry Medvedev and Putin , working and playing together . The book 's publishers , Maksim Perlin and Vladimir Tabak , presented the book Thursday ahead of Putin 's birthday on Friday . They said they would send the premier a copy . The authors said 25,000 copies of the 14-page coloring book will be printed and will sell for 150 rubles  $ 4.62  . "  When children are asked who they want to be when they grow up , they often respond "  Dima and Vova , " Perlin said . "  So we decided to create a coloring book for kids where the two leaders of the state would be their age . " Vova , according to the book , wakes up at 6.45 a.m. and does exercises in front of a map of Russia . Dima has a bed with a teddy bear , a poster of Deep Purple and a portrait of Steve Jobs , two of Medvedev 's favorites . Dima loves apples and Vova loves porridge  the authors believe it will help Vova to become stronger and smarter  . The two boys ride tricycles and play badminton together , and are shown working at the Russian White House and the Kremlin . Vova , who got a new school case this year with an All Russia 's Children Front emblem on it , spends his days giving wise advice to other kids in a "  white building with a flag on the rooftop " -- a "  difficult job no one else apart from him is able to do , " the captions under the book 's pictures read . His friend Dima is busy with "  making people happier . " Last year , the same authors released an erotic calendar for Putin 's birthday in which students from Moscow State University posed in lingerie with captions such as "  You put out the forest fires , but I 'm still burning . " The calendar was briefly on sale in Moscow supermarkets for 260 rubles  about $ 8.50  but was pulled from shelves after public outcry over the racy photos and innuendo . "  Girls on our calendar caused too much negativity , " said Pavel Petukhov , the artist of the book . "  We have chosen a different target audience . But I think that both adults and children will like this book . " "  It 's a fun , beautiful project . I think Putin will like this too , " Perlin said	Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev star as children in a new coloring book The publishers produced it for Putin 's 59th birthday They expect it to be less controversial than last year 's sexy calendar
For the first time , a computer program passed the Turing Test for artificial intelligence . A computer on Saturday was able to trick one third of a team of researchers convened by the University of Reading into believing it was human -- in this case a 13-year old boy named Eugene . The Turing Test , named for British mathematician Alan Turing , is often thought of as the benchmark test for true machine intelligence . Since he introduced it in 1950 , thousands of scientific teams have tried to create something capable of passing , but none has succeeded . Until now . And that outcome means we need to start grappling with whether machines with artificial intelligence should be considered persons , as far as the law is concerned . In 1920 , Karel Capek introduced the mainstream world to the concept of artificial people in his play "  Rossum 's Universal Robots "  the word robot comes from the Czech word for serf labor  . Since then , society has been fascinated by the idea of a robot walking among us , or even crossing over into personhood like a modern-day Pinocchio . The fascination continues ; just take a look at this year 's box office . In the recent film "  Transcendence , " Johnny Depp starred as a sentient machine . In the critically acclaimed "  Her , " Joaquin Phoenix 's character fell in love with an advanced operating system named Samantha . Coming attractions include more installments in the rebooted "  RoboCop " franchise ; "  Star Wars : Episode VII , " with its universally lovable droids ; and , of course , "  Terminator 5 . " A question at the heart of all these movies is this : At what point does a computer move from property to personhood ? Robotic legal personhood in the near future makes sense . Artificial intelligence is already part of our daily lives . Bots are selling stuff on eBay and Amazon , and semiautonomous agents are determining our eligibility for Medicare . Predator drones require less and less supervision , and robotic workers in factories have become more commonplace . Google is testing self-driving cars , and General Motors has announced that it expects semiautonomous vehicles to be on the road by 2020 . When the robot messes up , as it inevitably will , who exactly is to blame ? The programmer who sold the machine ? The site owner who had nothing to do with the mechanical failure ? The second party , who assumed the risk of dealing with the robot ? What happens when a robotic car slams into another vehicle , or even just runs a red light ? Liability is why some robots should be granted legal personhood . As a legal person , the robot could carry insurance purchased by its employer . As an autonomous actor , it could indemnify others from paying for its mistakes , giving the system a sense of fairness and ensuring commerce could proceed unchecked by the twin fears of financial ruin and of not being able to collect . We as a society have given robots power , and with that power should come the responsibility of personhood . From the practical legal perspective , robots could and should be people . As it turns out , they can already officially fool us into thinking that they are , which should only strengthen their case . The notion of personhood has expanded significantly , albeit slowly , over the last few thousand years . Throughout history , women , children and slaves have all at times been considered property rather than persons . The category of persons recognized in the courts has expanded to include entities and characters including natural persons aside from men  such as women , slaves , human aliens , illegitimate children and minors  as well as unnatural or juridical persons , such as corporations , labor unions , nursing homes , municipalities and government units . Legal personality makes no claim about morality , sentience or vitality . To be a legal person is to have the capability of possessing legal rights and duties within a certain legal system , such as the right to enter into contracts , own property , sue and be sued . Not all legal persons have the same rights and obligations , and some entities are only considered "  persons ' " for some matters and not others . Just last month , the Supreme Court heard arguments in the Hobby Lobby case about whether a corporation is person enough to ask for a religious exemption . New categories of personhood are matters of decision , not discovery . The establishment of personhood is an assessment made to grant an entity rights and obligations , regardless of how it looks and whether it could pass for human . To make the case for granting personhood to robots , it 's not necessary to show that they can function as persons in all the ways that a "  person " may be understood by a legal system . It 's enough to show that they may be considered persons for a particular set of actions in a way that makes the most sense legally and logically .	Computer program passes the Turing Test for artificial intelligence for the first time Mark Goldfeder : It 's a sign that the age of robots has truly arrived He says it 's time to rewrite the law to permit recognition of robots as persons Goldfeder : A robot could be held liable for damages -- and it might need insurance
"  Teen Spirit " and "  Good Times " may be coming to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame -- sealed with a KISS . Grunge groundbreakers Nirvana , disco dynamos Chic and the costume-clad , Gene Simmons-led pop metal band KISS are among 16 nominees up for election in the museum 's Class of 2014 . The deep selection also includes '70s and '80s hitmakers Hall and Oates ; college radio heroes the Replacements ; New Orleans funkmeisters the Meters ; sweet-voiced Linda Ronstadt ; and pioneering gangsta rappers N.W.A. Completing the list : the Paul Butterfield Blues Band , Deep Purple , Peter Gabriel , LL Cool J , Cat Stevens , Link Wray , Yes and the Zombies . The list spans more than six decades of rock and pop history and includes both major pop successes -- Chic , Hall and Oates , Gabriel , Ronstadt and Yes all hit No. 1 on Billboard 's Hot 100 singles chart -- and influential players . Wray , for example , had just two Top 40 singles , "  Rumble " and "  Raw-Hide , " but his dirty , heavily distorted sound proved a precursor for every power-chording shredder who 's ever picked up a guitar . "  The musical equivalent of football 's forearm shiver , " critic Dave Marsh wrote of "  Rumble " in "  The Heart of Rock and Soul , " his compendium of 1,001 great singles . "  Short . Nasty . Potentially lethal . " Photos : 2013 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductees And N.W.A. , which put out just three studio albums in its short career , made them count . The blunt "  F *** Tha Police , " off the second album "  Straight Outta Compton , " became a cause celebre upon its release in 1988 -- even the FBI was concerned enough to send letters to the group 's record company -- and "  Niggaz4Life , " the group 's final record , hit No. 1 . Most controversial song lyrics "  In many ways the most notorious group in the history of rap , " writes Allmusic.com 's Stephen Thomas Erlewine . Members Ice Cube , Eazy-E and Dr. Dre all went on to even bigger things , with Dr. Dre , in particular , becoming perhaps the most notable producer in hip-hop history . Rock fans may be particularly invested in the fates of Nirvana , which kicked off the grunge era with its classic 1991 album "  Nevermind , " and KISS , which -- despite mixed critical notices during its 1970s heyday -- built a roaring fan base called the "  KISS Army " on the backs of incessant touring , pyrotechnic stage shows and several hit albums . As the Rock Hall says in a press release , "  Few bands short of the Beatles inspired more kids to pick up the guitar than KISS . " But the other nominees should n't be overlooked . Chic , known for such hits as "  Le Freak " and "  Good Times , " was perhaps the best of the disco groups , and its leaders -- guitarist Nile Rodgers , bassist Bernard Edwards and drummer Tony Thompson -- moved smoothly into the '80s thanks to their sleek studio work . The group 's sound is still prominent : Rodgers recently popped up on the Chic-like Daft Punk single "  Get Lucky . " And the Replacements managed to combine affecting songwriting -- usually courtesy of Paul Westerberg -- with passionate  if occasionally shambling  performances , such as those heard on the songs "  I Will Dare , " "  Unsatisfied " and "  Ca n't Hardly Wait . " Besides , the hall may need to find a place for a band that titled an album , "  Sorry Ma , Forgot to Take Out the Trash . " Voting will be open to fans through December 10 . People can cast ballots at the Rock Hall , Rolling Stone and USA Today . Visit www.rockhall.com/vote , www.rollingstone.com and www.usatoday.com to cast ballots . The top five vote-getters will be listed on a "  fans ' ballot " that will be tallied along with the other ballots for the Class of 2014 . The inductees are chosen by a secret ballot of 600 voters , a group that includes previous inductees , music industry veterans , historians and critics . All eligible nominees released their first single or album at least 25 years before the year of nomination . Last year 's class included Rush , Randy Newman , Public Enemy , Donna Summer and Quincy Jones . The 29th Annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony will be held in April 2014 in New York . The ceremony will be broadcast on HBO . HBO , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner .	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame announced its potential 2014 inductees Nominees include KISS , Nirvana , N.W.A. and more Fans can cast a vote for their favorite artist
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Inspired by images of Iranians taking to the streets to support the opposition presidential candidate , Michelle May decided to head to Tehran . Michelle May , an American and Irish national , was detained and forced to leave Iran . "  I just felt a real need to be there with my friends , and I just wanted to be a part of what could possibly be history , " May told CNN 's "  American Morning " on Wednesday . "  So I made arrangements at the last minute . " May , who is an American and Irish national , used her Irish passport to travel to Tehran just days before the street demonstrations turned violent as Iranian authorities cracked down on those protesting the results of the June 12 election . "  I had been there two times before , and I feel very connected to the country and the people there , " she said . "  I have a lot of friends . " Her third visit took a terrifying turn Saturday shortly after she checked for the latest news at an Internet cafe in Tehran . "  This young man befriended me . I was trying to download CNN to find out -- this was the day after the ayatollah gave his prayer on Friday , " May said . Afterward , the man helped her hail a taxi outside the cafe to meet one of her friends for lunch , she said . "  About half an hour into that ride , the next thing I know , there are two motorbikes on either side of my taxi , " she said . "  He 's on the back of one of them , and three big Basij guys are on the other , and they pull me over . I knew what was happening . " The Basij , Iran 's feared volunteer paramilitary group , has cracked down on the thousands of protesters in the bloody aftermath of the Islamic republic 's disputed presidential election . "  I was terrified , and I immediately started screaming , saying no , no , no , " May said . The young man climbed into the taxi and told her to go with him and the three other men . "  So I stood up to get out of the taxi , but then I thought I 'll make a scene on the street , maybe they 'll leave me alone , " she said . "  However , that did n't work . I think because everyone 's just terrified of the Basij right now . " She was forced into a car and held for more than an hour . Her captors accused her of spying , and after much back-and-forth they drove by a police station where about 50 Iranian police were hanging out . "  I actually trust the police there so I banged on the window , and the guy next to me , the one who spoke English , said , ` OK , we 'll stop . ' "  They brought me into the police station where I was questioned there . And I had a pretty good idea at that time that everything was going to be OK because they really had nothing on me , " May said . "  I 'm not a terrorist ; I 'm not a spy . So they really had nothing to go on . " She was told to leave the country , and she headed for Dubai where she spoke to CNN . May said she admires the bravery of the Iranians protesting in Tehran . "  I do n't even know how they 're doing it , because honestly everyone I know there is just scared , " she said . "  They know that they 're risking their lives , but they are so fed up that they 're willing to do that . "	Michelle May , an American and Irish national , had been to Iran before Basij picked up May after she looked at news at an Internet cafe May : ' I immediately started screaming , saying no , no , no '
CNN  -- Food giant Nestle , which has clocked up better than expected growth despite the economic downturn , is now extending micro credit to its suppliers to get them through the tough times . According to Nestle CEO Paul Bulcke , the move strengthens relationships with suppliers in the long-term , and is worth the short term hit on working capital . As the economic downturn squeezes credit , the move allows smaller businesses to stay afloat until the wider economy improves . "  We 're -LSB- lending funds to -RSB- farmers , for example , who would not get money from the banks , " says Bulcke . He says the company has financed around $ 40 million of micro-loans to farms . "  In a downturn , where credit is harsh and hard , we actually extend that to maintain these relationships and possibly to have these suppliers longer term , " Bulcke explains . Bulcke says Nestle is focused on long term gains , such as the relationship with suppliers . Thinking short term is "  deadly , " he says . "  We should never compromise the long term for a short term gain , " Bulcke says . "  In a crisis you are strongly invited to go for the short-term and have a quick fix . I think if that is at the cost of the long-term you do n't do favor for your company . " CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this story	Nestle has slightly exceeded its growth expectation despite the climate Nestle is expanding micro-credits with suppliers who might struggle to get financed The company says it 's financed around $ 40m of micro-loans to farms
CNN  -- Teenagers exchange text messages while driving because , well , they 're teenagers and teenagers sometimes do dumb things . But suit-wearing adults who should know better are texting behind the wheel too , driven by grown-up motivations . A sign in San Francisco warns drivers late last year of a new California law prohibiting texting while driving . "  My job has me out on the road for four to five days out of the week , " Anthony Perry , a director of business development for a Washington-based health care research firm , told CNN in an e-mail sent from his BlackBerry . "  I do n't particularly think I am that good at texting while driving but I do it anyway , recognizing the risks . " Those risks are significant . A Virginia Tech Transportation Institute study released this week showed truck drivers are 23 times more likely to be in a crash if they 're texting , and several fatal accidents have been blamed on drivers or train operators who were distracted by texting . Nevertheless , for many in business , it seems to be a matter of competitive survival . "  Now with e-mail and with the advent of the BlackBerries and hyper-accessibility , there 's this sense that if you do n't show that you 're always prepared and ready to respond and address an issue , then somehow you 're going to be perceived as not being conscientious or not keeping up on things , " said Tom Britt , a professor of social psychology at Clemson University in South Carolina . Watch someone attempt to text and drive " "  I could not imagine doing my job , or living my life , without the aid of a bberry , " Perry wrote . "  I do n't know many who could who are in my line of work . " Entrepreneurs and people in service industries , such as lawyers , may feel the heat more than others , said Dr. Debra Condren , a business psychologist and executive coach with offices in New York and San Francisco , California . "  The constant pressure to be on the grid , especially in this economy -- ` Oh my gosh , has a client called ? Has a potential client called ? Am I going to lose the job ? Am I going to miss an opportunity ? -- makes us kind of revert to almost an adolescent mentality in terms of thinking that we 're invulnerable -LSB- vis a vis -RSB- texting and driving , " she said . But those fears are overblown for most people , she said . "  There 's this sense that we 're so important that every single moment has to be filled ; we ca n't even pull over or we 're going to miss five minutes ' driving time or 10 minutes ' driving time . The pace is at this breakneck speed , " said Condren , author of "  Ambition Is Not a Dirty Word , " a career guide for women . "  The truth is nobody is that important or that in demand that they ca n't practice safety and good common-sense behaviors . " Condren recently scolded a cabdriver who was trying to program her hotel 's address into his GPS device while driving 60 mph . He got a little "  snippy " with her but put the device down , she said , and she gave him directions to the hotel . Watch how high the risk really is " The subject is personal for Condren , whose son Edward was struck four years ago by an SUV whose driver was fishing around on the floor for a dropped cell phone . Edward suffered a broken pelvis and a concussion , but has fully recovered and now is a college student . It 's going to take something that drastic to get Mei Lin Walker to quit texting while driving . "  I think the thing that would happen -- this sounds horrible -- that would make me stop texting is if I actually had a wreck or I did run off onto the curb or something crazy like that , " the Delta Air Lines flight attendant said . "  I try not to do it while I 'm driving , but if I 'm sitting in traffic and there are a lot of lights I will , " said Walker , of Decatur , Georgia . "  I do think it is dangerous , and I consciously try not to do it , but then sometimes there 's just a text that ca n't wait . " Walker has never had an accident or even a close call while texting , she said , even though she drives a stick-shift car . Texting is easier than talking on a cell phone , she said , because she can set the device down in mid-text without disrupting the conversation if she needs both hands free for driving . Nevertheless , Walker probably is n't driving as well as she believes she is , Britt said . "  In general , people are overconfident and have a sense that they 're capable of doing much more than they really are , " he said . "  People , especially adults , feel like driving is such an automated skill that basically they could do multiple things in addition to it without performance suffering . " Many drivers do understand the danger and act accordingly . "  It 's nearly impossible to text in California while driving , " said Los Angeles County resident Karen North . "  I can see why they make it a law here for no texting while driving . " See where laws limit texting while driving " North said she sends her messages right before heading out . If messages need to be sent en route , she hands her iPhone over to one of her teenage children , who are almost always with her . Both Britt and Condren advocate awareness campaigns based on the Virginia Tech study 's findings . It 's up to corporate executives to lead the way , Condren said . "  Leaders at the top have to walk their talk and really make it a priority , " with companywide meetings and periodic reminders , she said . "  It 's difficult to change the culture of a particular corporation , " Britt said . "  That has to start at the top . ... At least have the corporate leadership indicate that if you 're actually at the wheel , that responding is n't as important as safety . "	Business people exchange messages while driving despite risk of crashing Competitive , economic pressures drive risky behavior , experts say Georgia woman sends texts in traffic while driving stick-shift car People are n't as good at multitasking as they think they are , psychologist says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong 's government has called off talks with pro-democracy protesters , as political rivals repeated calls for leader C.Y. Leung to resign -- this time over claims that he accepted multi-million dollar private payments while in office . The government negotiator , Hong Kong Chief Secretary Carrie Lam announced the cancellation of talks Thursday , hours after protest leaders encouraged supporters to keep up their occupation of city streets . "  We can not accept the linkage of dialog with occupying activities , " Lam said , prompting protest groups to announce the official start of a "  non-cooperation " movement , and new calls for supporters to pack the main protest site "  beyond its capacity " on Friday night . Earlier on Thursday , political rivals rounded on Leung after a report by Australia 's Fairfax Media that he received $ 6.4 million  $ HK50 million  in undisclosed payouts from Australian engineering group UGL while in office . According to the report , Leung signed the contract in December 2011 , entitling him to payouts from UGL , which had recently bought the assets of Leung 's employer , troubled British property agent DTZ . Months after the deal was signed , Hong Kong 's 1,200-member Election Committee appointed Leung as chief executive of the Special Administrative Region of China . Two payments of $ 3 million  HK$ 25 million  were allegedly made in 2012 and 2013 , during the time Leung was in office . In a statement on Thursday , both UGL and Leung 's office defended the contract , calling it a "  standard non-poach , non-compete arrangement . " Payments were staggered over a two-year period to ensure Leung complied with both obligations , UGL said . UGL said at the time the company "  specifically did not want Mr Leung working with a competitor nor establishing or assisting in the establishment of a business competing directly with DTZ . " It added that media reports referring to "  secret payments " were "  baseless and misleading . " "  UGL was under no obligation , legal or otherwise , to disclose the agreement , " it said . UGL said its bank , the Royal Bank of Scotland , was aware of the payments , and the total DTZ sale price was reduced to reflect them . Claims "  outrageous " However , Leung 's rivals in the Legislative Council described the claims as "  alarming " and called for Leung to make a "  full and frank disclosure . " "  I do n't think the Hong Kong people or our constitution would allow the chief executive , which is the head of the executive authorities , to have another job and to have an agreement to help a company -- this is outrageous , " said Emily Lau , Chair of Hong Kong 's Democratic Party . Lau said members of the Legislative Council , Hong Kong 's governing body , would seek to launch an investigation into the payments . But she acknowledged that a majority vote would be needed to approve a formal investigation -- and that the pro-Beijing majority , which backs Leung , would be unlikely to vote in its favor . The Neo-Democrat Party said it had filed a complaint over the payments with the Independent Commission Against Corruption  ICAC  , with the request that it be investigated . However , Leung 's allies , including pro-Beijing legislator , Starry Lee , who is a member of the Executive Council , said she did n't consider the payments to be a conflict of interest . "  Up to now , I think it is a normal business dealing and it has been confirmed by some of the business people , " she said . Pressure intensifies Leung had already been under pressure to resign from pro-democracy protesters who for the last two weeks have blocked access to the city 's business district , demanding a greater say in how Hong Kong 's leader is chosen . Pro-democracy campaigner , former Democrat Party leader and council member , Albert Ho said the group was in the "  final stages " of preparing documents to impeach Leung for the way he had handled protests -- and it was too early to talk about impeaching him on the matter of the payments . He called on the chief executive to explain the agreement , though he added : "  I can hardly see how an explanation can be satisfactory , but he 's entitled to answer , he 's entitled to be heard . " Why was the deal struck ? The contract came about during UGL 's purchase of DTZ 's assets in December 2011 . The property group had been struggling and in early November Leung and his fellow DTZ directors decided to call in administrators , according to Fairfax . Leung resigned on November 24 , and the sale went through in early December for $ 125 million  HK$ 970 million  , UGL said in a statement on Thursday . As founder of DTZ 's North Asia business , Leung was considered crucial to the company , something that UGL chief executive Richard Leupen made clear in an interview with the South China Morning Post in September 2012 . "  CY 's history of having set this company up will always be with DTZ . He 's been an important part of the history of the company and has been an important part for us in buying the company , " Leupen was reported to have said . Leung 's office said Thursday that without the contract UGL would not have proceeded with the deal . "  No services provided " The Hong Kong Information Services Department confirmed on Thursday that under the contract Leung would "  provide assistance in the promotion of the UGL Group and the DTZ Group as UGL may reasonably required , including but not limited to acting as a referee and adviser from time to time . " However it said in a statement "  such assistance will ONLY be provided in the event that Mr Leung failed to be elected as Chief Executive , and providing that such assistance will not create any conflict of interest . " It added : "  Mr Leung has not provided any service to UGL after signing the above agreement . " The department added that the contract was a "  resignation agreement " which covered scenarios if Leung did not win the election . It repeated UGL 's statement to Fairfax that at the time the contract was agreed , media coverage suggested that "  other candidates were favoured to be elected . " In the months before the March 2012 election , Beijing-backed former top civil servant Henry Tang Ying-yen was considered to be the likely choice of the Election Committee . But after what was described as a "  calamitous campaign , " Chinese allegiances were said to have shifted in the final weeks to Leung . A spokesman for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs declined to comment on the controversy on Thursday . Leung 's political opponents say answers are needed from a chief executive who has already lost the trust of the people . "  Hong Kong is dealing with this pro-democracy protests and people taking over the streets , the last thing we need is to have another big controversy surrounding the chief executive himself , " the Democrat Party 's Lau said . CNN 's Elizabeth Joseph , Anjali Tsui , Wilfred Chan and Chieu Luu contributed to this report .	Claims Hong Kong 's leader received millions of dollars from Australian company Money was paid while C.Y. Leung was in office , yet he did n't declare it Contract signed in December 2011 before Leung was appointed chief executive Leung 's office said it was a "  standard non-poach , non-compete arrangement "
CNN  -- Leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council arrived in Saudi Arabia Monday for a meeting to discuss transforming their six nations into a union similar to the European Union . The idea of integrating the GCC nations into one entity -- and replacing what exists now as simply a cooperative -- was first floated by Saudi Arabia in December . Monday 's meeting in Riyadh will lay out the timetable for it . The GCC comprises Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , and the United Arab Emirates . "  The threats of all kinds require the hard works of the GCC countries to shift from a current formula of cooperation to a union formula acceptable to the six countries , " Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal said last month . He did n't specify what threats he was referring to . But some analysts have said the GCC move could be an effort to counter the growing influence of Shiite Iran . The GCC was formed in 1981 , soon after Iran instituted a Shiite theocracy and went to war with primarily Sunni Iraq . Iran and Iraq have enjoyed closer ties in recent years , especially as Iraq 's Shia Muslim majority has solidified its power in the absence of former leader Saddam Hussein , a Sunni Muslim . After U.S. forces pulled out of Iraq last year , Tehran expanded military and security cooperation with Baghdad . Also , GCC member Bahrain blames Iran for fueling the anti-government unrest that continues to roil the country . Tehran has denied involvement . Bahrain is a predominantly Shiite country , ruled by a Sunni royal family . Last year , at the height of the protests , Bahrain called in troops from member nations Saudi Arabia and the UAE and cracked down . Iran is also engaged in a longtime dispute with the UAE over three Persian Gulf islands ; Abu Mousa , and Greater and Lesser Tunb . The UAE says Iran has illegally occupied the islands . Iran views them as part of its territory . "  I think President  Mahmoud  Ahmadinejad , when he visited the Abu Mousa island a couple weeks ago , in a way he highlighted the need for the union to counter the adventurism of the Iranian government , " said GCC Assistant Secretary General Abdel Aziz Aluwaisheg . In this climate comes the GCC move to form a union . "  Such strategic vision would include common approaches to defense , security , political and economic long-term interests , " Aluwaisheg said in an opinion piece Sunday in the Saudi English-language daily , Arab News . Already , Al Wefaq , Bahrain 's main Shiite opposition party , has demanded that the Bahraini government put the idea to a popular vote before it agrees . "  The people of the states of the European Union voted on the union decision before the union was announced . The people of the Gulf should also have their say , " said Al-Wefaq Secretary General Shaikh Ali Salman . Aluwaisheg disagrees . "  The GCC is much more popular among the people than the EU  is  among the people of Europe . It 's extremely popular , " he said . "  No need to take a vote because it 's really a done deal . If anything , the GCC has always been criticized for being too slow . "	NEW : Leaders of the Gulf Cooperation Council arrive in Saudi Arabia A union is needed to "  counter the adventurism " of Iran , an official says "  Threats of all kinds " require such a union , the Saudi foreign minister says Bahrain blames Iran for the anti-government protests
The 80-year-old North Korean war vet says he 's been holding onto a bullet he did n't get to fire when his country declared a truce with its neighbor 60 years ago . Now -- if North Korean state media is to be believed -- the man is itching to do so . "  I am still keeping a bullet that I failed to fire at a trench in the 1950s because the U.S. imperialists and their stooges signed an armistice agreement , " the man is quoted as saying in Rodong Sinmun , the official newspaper of the ruling Workers ' Party . "  Send me to the trench . Give me a rifle . I want to rain bullets on the enemy to my heart 's content . " Like him , the newspaper said , North Koreans across the country are begging to join the army after the United Nations slapped the country with new sanctions . It 's the latest hyperbole coming out of the repressed country after the North reneged Monday on a 60-year-old armistice that had maintained an uneasy peace with South Korea since the Korean War in the 1950s . "  All people who can take rifle are petitioning to be allowed to join or rejoin the People 's Army in all provinces and towns , " the newspaper said . For its part , South Korea said it 's keeping a close watch and making sure its combined forces with the United States are prepared for moves by the North . "  There are possibilities that these activities could lead to provocations , " defense ministry spokesman Kim Min-suk said . If they do , he added , "  We will respond in a more resolute and destructively manner . " The ever-ratcheting war of words between the two sides reached new heights after Pyongyang scrapped the agreement and then followed it up by ignoring Seoul 's calls to a military hotline the two sides set up in 2004 to ease tensions . Opinion : Will China finally ` bite ' North Korea ? ` An act of war ' North Korea said its decision was a direct response to the U.N. Security Council , which passed tougher sanctions against the country after it carried out a nuclear test last month . The sanctions , North Korea 's ruling Workers ' Party said , are "  a declaration of war and an act of war . " The United States followed the U.N. 's sanctions with its own Monday after North Korea scrapped the armistice agreement . The new U.S. sanctions target North Korea 's Foreign Trade Bank for its role in supporting the country 's weapons of mass destruction program , the Treasury Department said Monday . The sanctions effectively cut the North 's primary foreign exchange bank off from the U.S. financial system . Rodman : ` I 'm going on vacation with Kim in August ' ` Break the waists of ... enemies ' Pyongyang is also furious at joint military drills taking place between the South and the United States . The annual training exercises are scheduled to last two months . Leader Kim Jong Un lambasted the drills , taking place near the Korean peninsula . "  As the saying goes ... a guy who is fond of playing with fire is bound to perish in flames " Kim told soldiers , according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency . "  All the enemies quite often playing with fire in the sensitive hotspot should be thrown into a cauldron once I issue an order . " "  Once an order is issued , " Kim told the troops , "  you should break the waists of the crazy enemies , totally cut their windpipes and thus clearly show them what a real war is like . " In Washington , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters that Pyongyang 's "  bellicose rhetoric " has raised concerns -- but wo n't help the North 's situation . "  The DPRK will achieve nothing by threats or provocations , which will only further isolate North Korea and undermine international efforts to ensure peace and stability in northeast Asia , " he said . What 's in a threat ? A look at North Korea 's escalating rhetoric and actions	N. Korean veteran : "  I want to rain bullets on the enemy to my heart 's content " S. Korea : If North strikes , "  we will respond in a more resolute ... manner " The United States slaps fresh sanctions on North Korea Global tensions heightened after the North reneged on a 60-year-old armistice
Mashable  -- Facebook profiles are like belly buttons : Everybody 's got one . Perhaps that statement 's still a bit of an exaggeration , but by the numbers , we  that is , Internet users around the globe  are becoming more obsessed with Facebook by the day . One out of every 13 Earthlings and three out of four Americans is on Facebook , and one out of 26 signs into Facebook on a daily basis . We could rattle off stats like until the cows come home , but instead , we 'd like to show you this fascinating infographic from SocialHype and OnlineSchools.org . Here , in a visual nutshell , are some highlights about Facebook usage , 2010 trends , adoption numbers and a great deal more . Take a good look at this information  or click here for the full-size version  , and in the comments , let us know what you think about our global fascination with Facebook . Is Facebook an amazing connective medium ? A plague that preys on the easily addicted ? A little bit of both , or something else entirely ?  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Take a look at this infographic about Facebook usage , 2010 trends and more One out of every 13 Earthlings and three out of four Americans is on Facebook One out of 26 signs into Facebook on a daily basis
Editor 's note : Leonard Pitts Jr. , a columnist for the Miami Herald , won the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for commentary and is the author of a new novel , "  Before I Forget " and of "  Becoming Dad : Black Men and the Journey to Fatherhood . " Leonard Pitts says neither the black nor white yardsticks on race present the full picture . CNN  -- They 're not going to like this . Indeed , one suspects the National Urban League 's recently released 2009 State of Black America report quantifying racial inequities in employment , housing , education , criminal justice , health and other arenas will be about as welcome as graffiti on the Lincoln Memorial among those Americans who convinced themselves in November the country had entered a "  post-racial " era . Those Americans will be overwhelmingly white and will resist with mighty determination the report 's implicit argument : that we have not yet overcome , not yet reached the Promised Land , not yet come to a point where race is irrelevant , Barack Obama notwithstanding . Years spent engaging Americans on the knotty conundrums of race leave me confident in that prediction . So does a 2008 Gallup poll in which 46 percent of non-Hispanic whites said there is no widespread racism against blacks . But it took a Yale University study to help me understand why some whites feel that way . Psychology professor Richard Eibach was reported last year in the Washington Post as having found that in judging racial progress , white people and black ones tend to use different yardsticks . Whites use the yardstick of how far we have come from the nation we used to be . Blacks use the yardstick of how far we have yet to go to be the nation we ought to be . The most complete picture , of course , requires both measures . But who can be surprised that blacks and whites each tend to gravitate toward the measure that is most forgiving of their individual groups , that shoves the onus for change off on the other ? The black yardstick , after all , leaves black people no obligation other than to demand justice and equality from white people . The white yardstick requires of white people only that they exhort black people to become more self-reliant and take more responsibility for their own problems . But what if you are an American who realizes there is no either/or here , no need to buy into a false dichotomy that requires you to choose one yardstick over the other ? Then you might understand the National Urban League report as what it is : a valuable document we do not have the luxury of dismissing . And yet , at the same time , a document that presents an incomplete prescription for the uplift of African America . African-Americans do not , after all , need its policy suggestions to fix many of their most intractable problems . We do not need a government program to turn off the TV , realizing it 's hardly coincidental that people who watch more television per capita have poorer academic performance . We do not need federal monies to tell our children to wait until they are married or , at the very least , in stable , long-term relationships , before they bring babies into the world . We do not need Washington 's input to know we must quit allowing our community to be defined by a coarse popular culture whose words and images are indistinguishable from the Ku Klux Klan 's . And yet ... Once you 've turned off the television and encouraged black children toward academic excellence , you still must contend with the fact that their schools are too often crumbling , underfunded and staffed with inexperienced teachers . Once you 've gotten black women and men to raise their children in the context of families , you still have to deal with the fact that those families need places to live , jobs to support them and doctors to keep them healthy , all of it elusive as long as structural discrimination persists in all those areas . And , once you have convinced black children to stop defining themselves by denigrating stereotypes , you still have to fix a racially biased justice system that treats them as crimes waiting to happen . Make no mistake : There is value in the yardstick white Americans use . Not to acknowledge the progress black people have made and the need to fix those things that are within our power would be ridiculous . But there is value in the yardstick black Americans use , too , the measure the National Urban League provides in its annual studies . To resist or dismiss this truth , to pretend these inequities are a thing of the past , is to make yourself part of the problem . We have not yet reached the Promised Land and we all have a moral responsibility toward that goal . But before we can fulfill that responsibility , we must learn to speak the same language where race is concerned , and to mean the same things when we do . And here , it is worth noting another of Eibach 's findings . Namely , that while black people see reaching "  the Promised Land " as a real and urgent necessity , white ones tend to regard it as an ideal , something it might be nice to achieve someday . Of course , it 's easy for them to say that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Leonard Pitts Jr. .	Leonard Pitts : Whites want to view race in terms of progress blacks have made He says blacks view race as the distance it will take them to achieve equality He says neither picture is complete and it will take both to reach desired goal Pitts : State of Black America report provides useful data on inequities
Washington  CNN  -- They are the aviation equivalent of fender benders . But citing 12 incidents since 1993 in which large airplanes ' wingtips collided with other planes or objects while taxiing -- including three recent accidents -- the National Transportation Safety Board said Wednesday it wants the federal government to require external cameras or other anti-collision aids on large aircraft if the pilot is incapable of seeing the wingtips . Collision warning systems are now common in cars , NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman said , and they should be common in large aircraft as well . 747 cargo plane clips commuter jet in Chicago In the three recent incidents , all under investigation by the NTSB , the pilots of the large airplanes "  could not easily view the airplanes ' wingtips from the cockpit , " Hersman told the Federal Aviation Administration . Cameras or other anti-collision aids would assist pilots without requiring them to open the cockpit window and extending their head out of the window , "  which is often impractical , " Hersman wrote . In a letter to FAA Acting Administrator Michael Huerta , the transportation board said an anti-collision aid , such as cameras that show a plane 's wingtips , "  would give pilots of large airplanes a clear indication of the airplane 's wingtips ... thus providing information to the pilots to avoid a collision . " The NTSB said large airplanes such as the Boeing 747 , 757 , 767 , and 777 ; the Airbus A380 ; and the McDonnell Douglas MD-10 and MD-11 would benefit from such a system . It recommended the systems be installed on new aircraft and on older planes that need them . The board also recommended the addition of cameras or other anti-collision aids on jetliners to the European Aviation Safety Agency , which sets standards for aircraft manufacturers in Europe . Feds investigate 3 planes flying too close at DC-area airport Currently , the massive Airbus A380 aircraft has two exterior cameras which display the nose and main landing gear positions before and during taxiing , and an exterior "  landscape " camera , which is primarily for providing exterior views for passengers . None of the cameras show the plane 's wingtips . The three recent incidents cited by the NTSB are : -- May 30 , 2012 : The right wingtip of an EVA Air Boeing 747-400 struck the rudder and vertical stabilizer of an American Eagle Embraer 135 while taxing at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport . -- July 14 , 2011 : A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767 was taxing for departure when its left winglet struck the horizontal stabilizer of an Atlantic Southeast Airlines Bombardier CRJ900 . -- April 11 , 2011 : During a taxi for departure , the left wingtip of an Air France A380 struck the horizontal stabilizer and rudder of a Comair Bombardier CRJ701 . No injuries were reported in any of those accidents . Teen with Down syndrome stopped from boarding plane Passengers on small plane record their crash	Cameras showing a plane 's wingtips would help prevent accidents , the NTSB says Large planes like the Boeing 747 , 757 , 767 , 777 and the Airbus A380 would benefit from the cameras In May , a Boeing 747-400 struck the rudder of an Embraer 135 at O'Hare International Airport
Editor 's note : John M. McCardell Jr. , president emeritus at Middlebury College , is founder and president of Choose Responsibility , a nonprofit organization that seeks to engage the public in debate over the effects of the 21-year-old drinking age . John McCardell says the 21-year-old drinking age is n't preventing widespread binge drinking . CNN  -- One year ago , a group of college and university presidents and chancellors , eventually totaling 135 , issued a statement that garnered national attention . The "  Amethyst Initiative " put a debate proposition before the public -- "  Resolved : That the 21-year-old drinking age is not working . " It offered , in much the way a grand jury performs its duties , sufficient evidence for putting the proposition to the test . It invited informed and dispassionate public debate and committed the signatory institutions to encouraging that debate . And it called on elected officials not to continue assuming that , after 25 years , the status quo could not be challenged , even improved . One year later , the drinking age debate continues , and new research reinforces the presidential impulse . Just this summer a study published in the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry revealed that , among college-age males , binge drinking is unchanged from its levels of 1979 ; that among non-college women it has increased by 20 percent ; and that among college women it has increased by 40 percent . Remarkably , the counterintuitive conclusion drawn by the investigators , and accepted uncritically by the media , including editorials in The New York Times and The Washington Post is that the study proves that raising the drinking age to 21 has been a success . More recently , a study of binge drinking published in the Journal of the American Medical Association announced that "  despite efforts at prevention , the prevalence of binge drinking among college students is continuing to rise , and so are the harms associated with it . " Worse still , a related study has shown that habits formed at 18 die hard : "  For each year studied , a greater percentage of 21 - to 24-year-olds -LSB- those who were of course once 18 , 19 and 20 -RSB- engaged in binge drinking and driving under the influence of alcohol . " Yet , in the face of mounting evidence that those young adults age 18 to 20 toward whom the drinking age law has been directed are routinely -- indeed in life - and health-threatening ways -- violating it , there remains a belief in the land that a minimum drinking age of 21 has been a "  success . " And elected officials are periodically reminded of a provision in the 1984 law that continues to stifle any serious public debate in our country 's state legislative chambers : Any state that sets its drinking age lower than 21 forfeits 10 percent of its annual federal highway appropriation . But it 's not 1984 anymore . This statement may seem obvious , but not necessarily . In 1984 Congress passed and the president signed the National Minimum Drinking Age Act . The Act , which raised the drinking age to 21 under threat of highway fund withholding , sought to address the problem of drunken driving fatalities . And indeed , that problem was serious . States that lowered their ages during the 1970s and did nothing else to prepare young adults to make responsible decisions about alcohol witnessed an alarming increase in alcohol-related traffic fatalities . It was as though the driving age were lowered but no drivers education were provided . The results were predictable . Now , 25 years later , we are in a much different , and better , place . Thanks to the effective public advocacy of organizations like Mothers Against Drunk Driving , we are far more aware of the risks of drinking and driving . Automobiles are much safer . Seatbelts and airbags are mandatory . The "  designated driver " is now a part of our vocabulary . And more and more states are mandating ignition interlocks for first-time DUI offenders , perhaps the most effective way to get drunken drivers off the road . And the statistics are encouraging . Alcohol-related fatalities have declined over the last 25 years . Better still , they have declined in all age groups , though the greatest number of deaths occurs at age 21 , followed by 22 and 23 . We are well on the way to solving a problem that vexed us 25 years ago . The problem today is different . The problem today is reckless , goal-oriented alcohol consumption that all too often takes place in clandestine locations , where enforcement has proven frustratingly difficult . Alcohol consumption among young adults is not taking place in public places or public view or in the presence of other adults who might help model responsible behavior . But we know it is taking place . If not in public , then where ? The college presidents who signed the Amethyst Initiative know where . It happens in "  pre-gaming " sessions in locked dorm rooms where students take multiple shots of hard alcohol in rapid succession , before going to a social event where alcohol is not served . It happens in off-campus apartments beyond college boundaries and thus beyond the presidents ' authority ; and it happens in remote fields to which young adults must drive . And the Amethyst presidents know the deadly result : Of the 5,000 lives lost to alcohol each year by those under 21 , more than 60 percent are lost OFF the roadways , according to the National Institute of Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse . The principal problem of 2009 is not drunken driving . The principal problem of 2009 is clandestine binge drinking . That is why the Amethyst presidents believe a public debate is so urgent . The law does not say drink responsibly or drink in moderation . It says do n't drink . To those affected by it , those who in the eyes of the law are , in every other respect legal adults , it is Prohibition . And it is incomprehensible . The principal impediment to public debate is the 10 percent highway penalty . That penalty should be waived for those states that choose to try something different , which may turn out to be something better . But merely adjusting the age -- up or down -- is not really the way to make a change . We should prepare young adults to make responsible decisions about alcohol in the same way we prepare them to operate a motor vehicle : by first educating and then licensing , and permitting them to exercise the full privileges of adulthood so long as they demonstrate their ability to observe the law . Licensing would work like drivers education -- it would involve a permit , perhaps graduated , allowing the holder the privilege of purchasing , possessing and consuming alcohol , as each state determined , so long as the holder had passed an alcohol education course and observed the alcohol laws of the issuing state . Most of the rest of the world has come out in a different place on the drinking age . The United States is one of only four countries -- the others are Indonesia , Mongolia and Palau -- with an age as high as 21 . All others either have no minimum age or have a lower age , generally 18 , with some at 16 . Young adults know that . And , in their heart of hearts , they also know that a law perceived as unjust , a law routinely violated , can over time breed disrespect for law in general . Slowly but surely we may be seeing a change in attitude . This summer , Dr. Morris Chafetz , a distinguished psychiatrist , a member of the presidential commission that recommended raising the drinking age , and the founder of the National Institute for Alcoholism and Alcohol Abuse admitted that supporting the higher drinking age is "  the most regrettable decision of my entire professional career . " This remarkable statement did not receive the attention it merited . Alcohol is a reality in the lives of young adults . We can either try to change the reality -- which has been our principal focus since 1984 , by imposing Prohibition on young adults 18 to 20 -- or we can create the safest possible environment for the reality . A drinking age minimum of 21 has not changed the reality . It 's time to try something different . It 's not 1984 anymore . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John M. McCardell Jr. .	John McCardell : 135 college officers joined in questioning 21 as drinking age He says binge drinking is flourishing in locked rooms and remote areas He says U.S. is one of very few countries with such a high drinking age McCardell says alcohol is a reality in lives of 18 - to 20-year-olds
CNN  -- A wildfire in Yellowstone National Park has grown to 9,300 acres and closed a section of the main road through the park , but Yellowstone is still open and National Park Service officials said Monday there was no danger to travelers . Lightning started the fire on September 13 . Snow could fall this week at Yellowstone , which sprawls across parts of three states , and end the park 's fire season , officials said . National Park Service officials said the lightning-sparked wildfire started on September 13 , but was n't noticed until 10 days later in the Arnica Creek area east of Old Faithful , the geyser that is the park 's main attraction . Last week the fire increased in size and by this weekend had charred 6,500 acres . National Park Service spokeswoman Linda Miller said there was no danger for guests . "  We do n't anticipate it affecting any buildings , " she said . Miller said Monday that 90 percent of the fire was in Wyoming , with the remainder in park areas in Idaho and Montana . Facilities at Yellowstone were open Monday , and Miller said visitors were still welcome . "  But there 's going to be smoke , " she said . "  Where there 's smoke , there 's fire . The vistas wo n't be as clear as even just a week ago . " Still , she said , "  We do n't want to scare people into not coming . " Rick Hoeninghausen , director of sales and marketing for Yellowstone National Park Lodges , said the fire was causing cancellations at the parks . But he said "  some tourists already in the park are are just changing their plans and working around it . " He said the fire is more of an inconvenience than a danger . "  It 's a natural part of this environment . It 's part of the ecology and it 's a natural attraction for some people , " Hoeninghausen said . The Arnica fire has closed Grand Loop Road , the main road through Yellowstone . Visitors wanting to get from one end of the wilderness area to the other will have to take a 280-mile detour . Yellowstone National Park has nine lodges and about 2,200 hotel rooms . At least two of those facilities close each year after Labor Day . Hoeninghausen said the fire "  may be a little disconcerting for East Coasters not used to wildfires , but travelers and tourists can call the park and check the Web sites for updates on the fires . " A Park Service press release cautioned that "  the smokey conditions are affecting air quality in the park . " "  People with weakened immune systems and those with heart and lung conditions may have trouble breathing , " the press release said . The Arnica fire was becoming more active Monday as gustier winds and low humidity fueled the flames , said Tom Kempton , fire information officer for the park service . The National Weather Service in Wyoming predicted snow would fall by Wednesday morning . Kempton said 230 firefighters , 15 fire engines and five helicopters were helping keep flames away from any historic structures at Yellowstone . Lightning starts an average of 22 fires every year in Yellowstone , according to the park service . Most of the naturally started fires in the 2.2 million-acre park extinguish on their own . Yellowstone is a fire-adapted ecosystem , and fire plays a major role in maintaining the health of the area 's wildlife and vegetation by clearing old underbrush and allowing for new growth .	NEW : Fire no danger to visitors , but they 'll notice smoke , park service says The Arnica fire started September 13 , was n't noticed until 10 days later Fire has prompted closure of main road through park Lightning sparked fire , officials say
CNN  -- A year ago , Libyans celebrated the death of dictator Moammar Gadhafi . I wrote then that despite enormous challenges , the country 's prospects were actually pretty good . Its small , relatively well-educated population and abundant oil wealth certainly gave it a leg up on neighboring Egypt , which has to make its transition under dire economic circumstances . Libya 's path was never going to be easy , but its trajectory since Gadhafi 's death has defied the worst predictions of chaos and civil war . The Transitional National Council , headed by Mahmoud Jibril , oversaw the first phase of transition . It managed to bring all of Libya 's factions to the bargaining table , crafted an electoral law and held successful elections on July 7 . Despite security concerns , some 3,700 candidates contested 200 seats with a minimal violence . Turnout was high among the 1.8 million Libyans who registered to vote in the country 's first election since 1965 . Bucking the Islamist tide that swept Tunisia and Egypt , Libya 's secularists fared well , with the relatively progressive National Forces Alliance winning 39 out of the 80 seats . News : Rights group recounts Gadhafi 's last bloody moments , calls for justice There has also been a flowering of civil society in a country that for decades had almost none . Dozens of new organizations focusing on issues such as democracy building , the environment and women 's rights have formed in the past year . Some groups played an important role in advocating for a female quota in the electoral law . As a result of that preference -- which required political parties to alternate male and female candidates on their ballots -- women won 33 of the 200 seats . And thousands of Libyans shared their opinions of the draft law through the council 's website and phone line and through social media . Libyans went from being barred from any kind of organized activity outside the reach of Gadhafi 's network to creating a rich civic dialogue in a matter of months . But Libya faces profound challenges , most notably the threat from armed militias that still control parts of the country . Some of those militias adhere to radical , jihadi ideologies . The terrorist attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi in which four Americans died , including Ambassador Chris Stevens , is a stark reminder of the danger posed by heavily armed militias and extremists . The government 's inability to bring these militias under state control has contributed to an environment of lawlessness . Gadhafi timeline : A long 8 months in Libya Much of the violence is fueled by bitter tribal rivalries . Over the past few weeks , competing militias have fought to take control of the town of Bani Walid from Gadhafi loyalists . In some places , the militias are given free rein by a government that can not provide security . The prevalence of weapons -- many of them looted from Gadhafi 's arsenals -- makes things worse . Still , especially after the Benghazi attack , thousands of Libyans have protested the rise of the militias , demanding that the government disarm them . Undoubtedly , this is an important inflection point in Libya 's transition -- a moment when the government must rein in the militias or see them become more deeply entrenched , more emboldened and harder to dislodge . Photos : A silent Libya after Gadhafi Libya 's next challenge is the writing of a new constitution , and it has set itself an ambitious , perhaps impossible , timeline of a draft within 60 days of the constitutional committee 's first meeting . The country needs time to debate the big issues , and the more actively involved a broad cross-section of civil society is , the better the outcome . As is true in Egypt and Tunisia , religion will be a flashpoint in the constitution . Already , various groups are pressing to make Islam a central source of law , while others are trying to restrict the role of religion . How Islam is reconciled with human rights in general , and women 's rights in particular , will be a litmus test for which path forward Libya chooses . The division of power between the central government and the regions will also be critical to resolve , especially since significant oil resources are at stake . Libyans rightly fear a scenario of civil war fought along regional lines , reminiscent of the tragedy in Iraq . Clearly , Libya must overcome many political pitfalls and security challenges before it can successfully emerge from its transition . But it has already made significant progress with a legitimate first election , a flowering of civil society and a briskly recovering economy . The United States should continue to support the Libyans with technical assistance , capacity building , military intelligence and critical training of security forces . Amanpour : The Libyan who knew too much The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Isobel Coleman .	Isobel Coleman : A year after Gadhafi 's death , Libya defied predictions , has made gains She says in an election that included women , secularists did well ; civil society blooming She says militias and extremists pose big threat to gains ; government must get control Coleman : New constitution will be litmus test for reconciling Islam with women 's rights
On CNN 's "  State of the Union , " host and chief national correspondent John King goes outside the Beltway to report on the issues affecting communities across the country . This week , King traveled to North Carolina to look at the financial crisis ' impact on health care . Doug Pegram , of North Carolina , is one of many unemployed Americans struggling with medical bills . WINSTON-SALEM , North Carolina  CNN  -- For Doug Pegram , it is on the one hand simple math : His medical bills cost roughly $ 300 a month and a health insurance policy would cost $ 550 . "  Two or three hundred dollars goes a long way , " Pegram said . Especially when you are living on unemployment benefits . Simple math , and a huge gamble : Pegram has a rare disorder , Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome , that in some patients can be life-threatening . "  If anything happens , that 's another story , " Pegram told us . "  But you have to do what you have to do sometimes , and you just hope for the best . And do it . " Watch Pegram describe his tough choices " Life on the edge started in November , when Pegram lost his job at Hanesbrands Inc. , the clothing manufacturer where he had worked for three years . Ironically , Pegram 's job as a senior analyst included writing reports for Hanes management on sales and economic trends . "  Every couple months , it -LSB- layoffs -RSB- went through the company and a few people here and there and it got worse and worse , " he said . "  I knew it was in the future somewhere . " Now , he is looking for a job and keeping his fingers crossed his condition does n't worsen . Ehlers-Danlos is a group of inherited disorders that affect connective tissues . In Pegram 's case , it means constant pain in his legs and some other joints . "  One type is you can have heart failure if you do n't get checked out , so it 's pretty serious that you actually go to the doctor , " Pegram said . His monthly visit costs $ 150 -- and patients like Pegram who are without insurance are asked to pay up front . His medications run about $ 126 at a discount pharmacy . Pegram has old bills showing that when he was at Hanes and insured , the same medication cost the insurance company $ 68 because of its discount . His doctor also accepted a lower negotiated rate from the insurer . "  So everything is inflated , " he said of his medical costs now . He could have signed up for the COBRA health coverage available to workers as they lose their jobs . It was that policy Pegram said would have cost him $ 550 or "  almost half of what you get every month " in jobless benefits and leave him "  not able to pay for a place to live , and food , and all that . " Watch President Obama 's summit on health care " In an interview at his condo , we asked Pegram : "  Should you be doing more ? If you had insurance , would you be doing more , seeing more doctors ? " "  Yes , I would be . " "  And what 's the risk of not doing that ? " "  I could go downhill quicker . It 's a debilitating condition , so eventually I could , I do n't know . " Yet he is remarkably upbeat about his health and about the prospects of finding a job before his benefits run out in a few months . "  I think I will find something before then , " Pegram said , while conceding he might be forced soon to lower his sights and look for work that pays less than his Hanes position as long as it provides health care coverage . The jobless rate in the Winston-Salem metropolitan area was 7.6 percent in December 2008 , up from 4.4 percent one year earlier . With the higher unemployment comes increases in the number of residents without health insurance . Dr. Bruce Wham has been a practicing dentist for 26 years and an amateur economist for the past year or so . "  Most people feel like it is going to get worse before it gets better , " Wham said when we visited his practice . "  Talking to patients , talking about automobile purchases , any kind of renovations of houses , even education -- sending their kids to college , there is a lot of concern about purchasing those things or how they are going to do those things and dentistry is sometimes considered more of a luxury than a necessity and we get pushed to the back lot . " One way Wham can tell if a longtime patient is about to lose his or her job is if they suddenly schedule treatments and repairs they had been putting off . It is a sign they are about to lose their insurance coverage . "  Especially if there is something that they need to get done or have been ` treatment-planned ' for and they have been told by the dentist , the hygienist , to replace this , yes , they are more likely to want to come in and get that done as soon as they can , " Wham said . The flip side : A patient who needs major work who instead endures the pain , or asks Wham if there is a cheaper , though perhaps temporary , solution . "  If there is anything that can be delayed or pushed back , that is what they are doing . They are asking us , ` Is there any way that we can hold off ? Is there anything less involved , less costly until I get my job , until I know my insurance is going to be back ? ' in effect . "  And so we do a lot of that , not necessarily temporary restorations , but things that might not last as long and that may not be as costly to try to tide people over for the short term . " So it maybe is not in the best interest of the patient in the long term , but maybe better on their wallet in the short term ? "  Better on their wallet . That is exactly right . "	As jobless rate rises , so does the number of people without health insurance North Carolina patient pays twice as much for medication than when he was insured Dentist says economy causes some patients to consider treatment a luxury
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- The federal agency responsible for overseeing the oil industry has been renamed amid a massive reform effort following the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico , the Department of the Interior announced Monday . The Minerals Management Service will be called the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement , according to an order signed by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar requesting the name change . The announcement coincided with the swearing-in of the bureau 's new head , former Justice Department Inspector-General Michael Bromwich , who is tasked with overhauling the troubled government agency . Critics , including President Barack Obama , have said the MMS has too often catered to the interests of the industry it is responsible for policing . A 2008 report from the Interior Department 's inspector-general found MMS employees received improper gifts from energy industry representatives and engaged in illegal drug use and inappropriate sexual relations with them . The agency has been thrust into the spotlight since the April 20 explosion of the drill rig Deepwater Horizon that triggered the worst oil spill in U.S. history . As much as 60,000 barrels  2.5 million gallons  of oil may be gushing into the Gulf every day , government estimates found last week . Approximately 23,290 barrels of oil -- slightly more than 978,000 gallons -- were collected from the ruptured well in the 24-hour period ending at midnight Sunday , Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said Monday . "  The BP oil spill has underscored the need for stronger oversight of offshore oil and gas operations , more tools and resources for aggressive enforcement , and a more effective structure for the agency that holds companies accountable , " Bromwich said in a statement Monday . "  We will move quickly and responsibly on our reforms . " Also Monday , a federal judge in New Orleans said he is set to rule within the next two days on whether to lift the Interior Department-ordered moratorium on deepwater drilling . U.S. District Court Judge Martin Feldman said he will issue his decision between early Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon on whether to issue a preliminary injunction against the temporary ban . The six-month moratorium , instituted by the government last month , halts all drilling in more than 500 feet of water and prevents new permits from being issued . Backers say it is necessary while a safety review is conducted after the Deepwater Horizon explosion . Opponents dispute its necessity and call it economically devastating in a region that is already reeling . Hornbeck Offshore Services LLC , a company that provides boats and equipment to the offshore drilling industry , says in the lawsuit that the government has no evidence that existing operations pose a threat to the Gulf of Mexico . Hornbeck and other oil service companies named as plaintiffs in the case say they want a court to declare the moratorium invalid and unenforceable . The office of Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal has filed a friend of the court brief in support of the plaintiffs . Carl Rosenblum , an attorney for the plaintiffs , said Monday that the moratorium is "  an unprecedented industry-wide shutdown with the stroke of a pen . " "  This is about industry survival for deepwater drilling in the Gulf , " he said . Rosenblum said the airline industry was grounded for only three days after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Henry Dart , an attorney for the state of Louisiana , complained that Louisiana officials had not been consulted before the moratorium was enacted . "  This is environmental disaster . Let 's not make an economic disaster , " he said . Brian Collins , an attorney for the Justice Department , insisted the suspension was necessary because it "  assures the public time to evaluate safety measures . " BP has agreed to set aside $ 100 million to compensate oil workers idled by the moratorium , company chairman Carl-Henric Svanberg said last week . A senior administration official told CNN on Monday the White House pushed for that compensation fund . "  We believed we had legal means to push them on funds for workers affected by the moratorium , and they ultimately agreed to set $ 100 million aside , " the official said . BP said in a statement Monday that costs from the disaster now total about $ 2 billion , including the cost of the response , containment , relief well drilling , grants to Gulf states , claims paid and federal costs . To date , more than 65,000 claims have been submitted and more than 32,000 payments totaling more than $ 105 million have been made , the company said . However , the man overseeing a $ 20 billion claims fund told CNN on Monday that he wants the claims payment process accelerated and its transparency increased . "  We 've got to get the claims out quicker , we 've got to get them out with more transparency so claimants understand the status of their claim , and we 've got to ease the burden on these folks in the Gulf , " Kenneth Feinberg said during an interview with John Roberts on CNN 's "  American Morning . " Emergency payments , he said , need to go out "  with less corroboration than you would if you 're giving a lump-sum payment that is the total compensation . For the emergency payments , we 've got to err on the side of the plaintiff . " Critics of the Obama administration have questioned Feinberg 's independence , saying he is on the White House payroll as executive compensation czar . That is wrong , Feinberg said : "  I 'm not on the payroll . I 'm doing the White House pay czar role pro bono , without compensation . ... I do n't think anybody will ultimately question the independence of this program . " BP , meanwhile , continues to struggle with its public relations efforts after the Gulf spill . Company CEO Tony Hayward , who was grilled during an appearance before Congress last week and then strongly criticized for attending a yacht race over the weekend , will not attend Tuesday 's World National Oil Companies Congress in London , according to a BP spokesman . The spokesman cited Hayward 's "  commitment to the Gulf of Mexico relief effort " as the reason for his decision not to attend the meeting . CNN 's Eric Marrapodi and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Minerals Management Service now called Bureau of Ocean Energy Management NEW : Agency 's new head sworn in Monday NEW : Reform comes amid criticism of group 's cozy relationship with energy representatives Federal judge set to rule on deepwater drilling moratorium
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When the economy gets tough , the tough come out fighting . For some businesses , that means bringing out a fighter brand -- a cut-price version of a flagship product , marketed under a new name , and intended to fight back against budget competitors . "  Jetstar " is a fighter brand that worked , beating the competition and creating a lasting , money-making brand . When it 's done right it can destroy cut-price competition , but done badly it can drive a business to the brink of bankruptcy . Mark Ritson , associate professor at Melbourne Business School , has written an article for the October issue of Harvard Business Review discussing the benefits and pitfalls of launching a fighter brand . He says that over the next six months a number of new fighter brands are likely to appear in response to the recession . "  Fighter brands are very unusual but they are becoming increasingly common , " he told CNN . "  It 's high risk and high reward , and when it works it can have astonishing results . " Ritson gives the example of Intel , which launched its budget "  Celeron " chip in the late 1990s to in response to AMD 's low-priced chips , which were threatening Intel 's premium "  Pentium " brand . Read more business features With "  Celeron , " Intel came up with a budget alternative to "  Pentium " for the lower end of the market and cemented its position as market leader . But Intel 's success is the exception rather than the rule . "  The majority of fighter brands not only have n't worked , but have gone on to do significant damage to the companies that launched them , " said Ritson . General Motors '  GM  "  Saturn , " United Airlines ' "  Ted , " and Kodak 's "  Funtime " film range are all high-profile fighter brands that failed . Despite the appeal of taking on the competition in a fist fight , launching a successful fighter brand is easier said than done . "  The problem is that fighter brands are almost always a knee-jerk reaction to a problem and are not always well thought out , " Neil Saunders , consulting director with Verdict Research , told CNN . Ritson says one element in building a fighter brand is to avoid creating a low-price product that is so attractive that it steals customers who would otherwise be buying that company 's premium-brand product . On the other hand , if the fighter brand is too expensive or too low quality , it wo n't put up much of a fight against the opposition it 's designed to attack . Another complication is that even the biggest companies do n't have the money and managerial time to distract themselves with a new brand at a time when they should be concentrating on their core products , and then there is the difficulty in operating at an unfamiliar low price level . "  The airline industry is a prime example , where people have launched fighter brands to combat the budget airlines and have been notoriously unsuccessful , " said Saunders . "  If it 's not your business model it 's not easy to operate , and it 's not usually these airlines ' business model . " United 's "  Ted , " and Delta Air Lines "  Song " were launched to combat budget carriers , but they were n't up to the challenge . In fact , Ritson says those fighter brands contributed to United and Delta 's bankruptcy . But with its budget "  Jetstar " airline , Qantas managed to find the holy grail for fighter brands -- beating the competition and creating a lasting , money-making brand in its own right . So what was different about the Qantas model ? "  One thing was that Qantas took a long , hard look at the numbers and decided if they could be profitable , " said Ritson . "  One of the problems with fighter brands is that they are oriented towards destroying a competitor and because of that managers pay a lot less attention to the bottom line . " He gives the example of GM 's "  Saturn , " a car designed to take on fuel-efficient , affordable Japanese cars . "  Saturn " sold plenty of cars , at least at first , but its high operating costs meant it lost millions of dollars , playing a huge part in bankrupting GM . So given the huge risks involved , should companies even consider launching a fighter brand ? "  Only do it if you can win and it fits with your existing proposition , " says Saunders . Ritson cautions , "  The minute you add a new brand to your portfolio it 's hundreds of thousands of hours of management time , and millions of dollars in development , advertising and distraction . "  Ask the question , ` do I need a fighter brand or is this a real seismic change in the market , which means I need to change my existing strategy with existing brands ? ' Otherwise you will lose five years and $ 50 million . "	Fighter brands are designed to fight back against low-priced competition Done wrong , fighter brands can drive a company to the brink of bankruptcy GM 's "  Saturn " is a fighter brand that failed , while Intel 's "  Celeron " succeeded New fighter brands are likely to be launched in response to the recession
Philadelphia  CNN  -- It 's a large district in and around Philadelphia . It 's not a swing seat ; it 's a safe Democratic stronghold $ " not a nailbiter . But in this midterm election , the 13th Congressional District race has attracted some national attention and some rock star fundraisers : Bill and Hillary Clinton . Why such attention and star power ? Because the candidate is Marjorie Margolies : related by marriage to the Clintons and tied to the former President by history . Margolies first gained national attention 20 years ago . She lost her seat as a freshman House member after voting for Bill Clinton 's 1993 signature economic plan . It was about to go down after multiple Democratic defections . He needed one vote ; she was it . "  I do n't regret my vote , " she said at the time . "  Nor do I apologize for it . " Clinton remained in her considerable debt . Neither she nor the President could have known then that they would be bound in another way : Her son , Marc , married Chelsea Clinton , who is now expecting their first child . And while the Clintons have raised money for her campaign , they 're not exactly campaign regulars . In memoir excerpts , Clinton honors her mom The political question : how much Clinton is enough ? "  We always knew that if they came in too much we would be blamed for their coming in too much . If they do n't come in enough , then people would say they did n't come in enough . You 're kind of damned if you do , damned if you do n't , " Margolies told CNN . "  They have done everything we 've asked them to do , and I am running on what I have accomplished in the last 20 years and not on my affiliation with the Clintons . " But that 's hardly something she can , or really wants to , escape . A campaign ad using Bill Clinton 's appearance on her behalf went up on the air Wednesday with him saying "  If you send Marjorie to Congress she will make you proud ... and this district will be well-served if you elect her . " Hillary Clinton is headlining a fundraiser in New York City for her Thursday evening . And her vote to pass Clinton 's economic plan back in the day is a subject she does not shy away from as he campaigns in her old district that was once largely Republican , but is now largely Democratic . Predictably , she 's come under some criticism about how her campaign has used the Clintons . One of her opponents , Daylin Leach , released an ad featuring some of Bill Clinton 's remarks touting Margolies . Then Leach 's daughter comes on the screen saying "  While some cling to the past , we just ca n't go backwards . " How many pro-Clinton super PACs is too many ? The campaign hopes the Clintons can gave Margolies a last minute boost in fundraising and turnout . "  I want to get one thing out of the way . I would be here if her son was n't my son-in-law , " President Clinton said at a campaign event for Margolies last month . "  I 'm not saying vote for her because 20 years ago she saved the economy . " She also saved the Clinton presidency , according to a top former aide , Paul Begala $ " and knowingly lost her job . "  I 'm quite sure he knew that that was a political death knell for somebody who had just won by the narrowest of margins . And he was very impressed by that , " Begala said of the President 's reaction . Margolies remembers the day of that vote in August of 1993 . "  The Republicans were high fiving , saying it 's going down , " Margolies recounted in the interview . "  A lot of Democrats were talking about changing their vote . " The President called her . "  He said what would it take ? " she recalled . "  I said I will only be your last vote . I know how important it is . " That point was not lost on the President . Clinton and senior White House staff huddled around a small television in an office just off the Oval Office . They watched Margolies walk the plank . Hillary Clinton steps further into politics with Margolies fundraiser "  Republicans stood there and taunted her and said ` bye bye Marjorie , " said Begala . They were right . Her deciding vote may have saved Clinton , but she would end up losing her seat the next year . In the book of is n't - this-a-small-world , Margolies is now part of the extended Clinton family . In fact , she and the Clintons are preparing to be co-grandparents . But as voluble as she is on politics , she 's just as silent when it comes to the Clintons . When asked about family matters , she becomes downright monosyllabic . When asked if she has anything to say about her and Hillary Clinton being co-grandmothers she responded "  no . " Asked if she and the Clintons are friends she said "  It 's an area that I will not get into , " adding : "  They are lovely . The Clintons could n't be any nicer . " And when asked what it was like for her son to marry into such a political dynasty , Margolies told CNN "  It 's surprisingly normal . " That depends on how you define normal . As for the race itself , Margolies has a fight on her hands . She 's locked in a tight four-way Democratic primary despite being the early frontrunner . The district is now solidly Democratic and runs from the affluent suburbs into the blue-collar area of North Philadelphia . She campaigns as an advocate for abortion rights and boosting the middle class . She has been attacked by opponents for misusing campaign funds which she denies . She also got hit for not campaigning aggressively in the early days . She has ramped up her schedule and participated in more debates . How strong is Hillary ? Karl Rove is attacking her	Former Rep. Marjorie Margolies lost her seat 20 years ago after backing Bill Clinton on budget Chelsea Clinton is her daughter-in-law , so she has a unique link to the former first family And Bill and Hillary are working to help her out in her political comeback bid But there 's a fine line in gauging how much of the Clintons is enough in a political campaign
They know your name , your phone number , where you live , your buying habits and , in many cases , what you are interested in buying -- sometimes even before you do . Meet Acxiom , sometimes described as "  the biggest company you 've never heard of . " But they 've heard a lot about you . Acxiom is one of the largest data-brokering firms in the world . It is just one of hundreds of companies who are peering into your personal life , collecting data that is generated from everything you do online , and much of what you do in the real world . The company recorded $ 1.1 billion in sales last year offering "  analytical services " on 144 million households . And that 's just a fraction of the evolving -- some say loosely regulated -- big-data industry . Data is now a $ 300 billion-a-year industry and employs 3 million people in the United States alone , according to the McKinsey Global Institute . Acxiom Chief Executive Officer Scott Howe agreed to speak with CNN in his first television interview since taking the top job at the company a year ago . The former Microsoft executive wants to "  demystify " what companies like Acxiom do and how they collect information . "  Companies like Acxiom are trying to get intelligent about what you might be interested in and who you are . Such that we can deliver more relevant advertising to you , and we can deliver offers and products and services in which you might have interest , " Howe told CNN . "  All the information we collect and utilize is secure , appropriate , and legal . " Howe said Acxiom 's clients range from small businesses to large Fortune 500 companies . He envisions "  Big Data " companies helping consumers by helping to eliminate the spam that clogs our inboxes and the ads that clutter websites . "  I do n't think there is a person in the world who would n't agree that data generates tremendous value for both people and for businesses , " he said . Howe said he believes his company 's marketing platform has a dramatic impact on the economy , both for consumers and for businesses . "  I get access to free content , relevant offers . Advertising is more like education , all useful and relevant , " Howe said . He said this detailed marketing information is critical in breathing success into business . "  We collect things like contact information , demographics and your preferences on things . And we 'll aggregate that information to try to discern a picture of what people want , " Howe explains . Critics of data-brokering companies say that the average consumer has no idea that their intimate personal details are up for sale on these sites . They argue that having this information one click away could be a privacy risk . "  The other side of the coin is that important decisions are being made about you , the real you , based on the virtual ` you ' that 's made up of all this data , " said Sarah Downey , a privacy analyst with Abine.com , an online-privacy company based in Boston . "  Decisions like your credit score , your insurance rates , or even if you get a job . And these things are serious , they have serious import in people 's lives and sometimes they are wrong . " There are hundreds of companies specializing in collecting marketing data and creating profiles of millions of consumers across the country . But unlike the national Do Not Call List , which gives consumers a one-stop location to have their telephone numbers removed from telemarketing databases , data marketing does not have a universal opt-out system . Abine.com created a subscription service called "  Delete Me " that removes people 's information from the web . For $ 99 per year , they will coordinate to remove all of your information from data-broker sites . It 's a tremendous amount of work because each data broker site has a different procedure to remove personal information : phone calls , e-mails , faxes , and/or certified letters . And many times these companies require users to submit more personal information just to opt out . Don Jackson , a security researcher for Dell SecureWorks , warns that data mining could open the door to hacking , identity theft and stalking . "  I do n't think anybody is being intentionally malicious , but from a security standpoint you want to know how the data is being used , Jackson said . "  That information becomes powerful at that point , and it can be misused . We have seen cases where just basic information , just very few pieces from social networks , can lead predators to potential victims , for example . That 's a common scenario , actually . " Currently , there is no comprehensive federal regulation for data brokers . Last March , the Federal Trade Commission issued a report on protecting consumer privacy in which they recommended that Congress consider legislation overseeing online privacy , data security and breach notification , and data brokers . President Barack Obama has said updates to U.S. laws are urgently needed to keep pace with the many threats that Americans face in cyberspace . But the Senate 's most recent cybersecurity legislation stalled this summer on a procedural vote . Howe says Acxiom supports effective regulation , and that his was the first data-brokering company to employ a chief privacy officer . But "  if regulation has unintended consequences , it can be really damaging to our economy , " he said . Clearly , the collection of big data is raising big questions . And even though Acxiom knows a lot about you , Howe is n't convinced you need to know a lot about them . "  Do people need to know who Acxiom is ? I do n't know . I withdrew money from the ATM this morning and I did n't know who made the ATM . But that did n't mean that I did n't trust I was n't going to get my money , " he said . "  I think people are far more concerned with , ` does this generate value for them ? ' "  Is the world a better place due to data ? I ca n't see there being any debate about the fact that data is good . "	Data is now a $ 300 billion-a-year industry and employs 3 million people in the U.S. Acxiom Chief Executive Officer Scott Howe agreed to speak with CNN Howe believes detailed marketing information helps breathe success into business Critics of data-brokering companies say they pose privacy risks
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A 13-year-old Palestinian boy in Gaza was fatally shot Thursday , the Gaza Health Ministry said . A spokesman for the ministry accused the Israel Defense Forces of killing the boy . "  Hameed Abu Daqqa was killed by an Israeli military helicopter after being shot in the head while playing football with his friends east of Khan Younis , " ministry spokesman Ashraf al-Qidra told CNN . Read more : Gaza truce gets off to a shaky start Israeli Military Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich told CNN that the IDF could not confirm they were responsible for the shooting . "  There is no information that the IDF targeted a person , " he said . The shooting happened around noon and the Palestinian teenager died in the hospital , the Gaza ministry spokesman said . The incident occurred on a day marked by Israeli military activity inside Gaza and on its border with Israel . Leibovich said that 300 meters inside Gaza , Israeli border soldiers had discovered a cache of explosives in a tunnel adjacent to a security fence . Read more : Israel airstrikes target Gaza , killing at least 16 After the soldiers returned to their post on the border and set about repairing the fence , an explosion erupted , the military said . A soldier sustained minor injuries and an unoccupied army vehicle was blown up . Palestinian sources said that , before the boy was shot , a number of Israeli military vehicles and tanks had entered Gaza some 500 meters east of Khan Younis , where they came under fire from militants . The tanks responded by firing two rounds towards farmland ; no one was injured in that incursion , they said . An Israeli military statement about the border activity made no mention of the boy or the accusation that the military killed him . His burial is scheduled to take place Friday . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Michael Schwartz and Talal Abu Rahman contributed to this report	The boy was shot in the head while playing football , the Gaza Health Ministry says He was taken to a hospital , where he died , the ministry says "  There is no information that the IDF targeted a person , " the Israeli military says
CNN  -- The most influential show in the history of television never finished a season among the 20 most popular programs in the Nielsen ratings . In its most popular season , "  Hill Street Blues , " which ran from 1981 to 1987 , came in 21st place . And yet , according to a group of veteran TV critics and college professors who study the media , it was the TV series that most changed the direction of television programming . Meanwhile , other series such as "  ER " and "  CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , " both monster hits that were the most popular shows in several seasons , failed to get even one mention from the panel of a dozen professional TV watchers queried by CNN . In all , 46 shows were cited as having a strong influence on TV but none was mentioned as often as "  Hill Street Blues . " That NBC series "  paved the way for TV drama to grow up and be truly adult , " said Matt Roush , TV critic at TV Guide Magazine . It was "  the prototype for a serious complex view of inner-city crime , " added Elayne Rapping , professor of American studies and media studies at the State University of New York . Others cited its large diverse cast at a time when this was a rarity and said it laid the groundwork for complex network dramas . Here are the next most influential shows chosen by the panel : 2 .  tie  "  I Love Lucy " This is the show that pioneered the multicamera approach to situation comedies , said Ken Tucker , TV critic for Entertainment Weekly . It created "  the template for all sitcoms to come , " added Neal Justin of the StarTribune in Minneapolis . 2 .  tie  "  The Sopranos " Up until it got on the air , "  nobody had ever tried to make a show in which the protagonist was not merely unsympathetic , but actually evil , " said Glenn Garvin of The Miami Herald . "  Now , from ` Dexter ' to ` Sons of Anarchy , ' it 's a common practice . " 4 . "  The Tonight Show " Whether with Steve Allen or Johnny Carson , it "  established the model for late-night talk comedy programming still in use today , " said Robert J. Thompson , professor of television and popular culture at Syracuse University . 5 .  tie  "  All in the Family " It set a standard for sitcoms because "  it managed to mirror all the tensions and contradictions , both essential and timely , of life in America while it boldly addressed a time of great political change , " said Mary McNamara , TV critic for the Los Angeles Times . 5 .  tie  "  Survivor " Though it premiered in the summer , said Mark Dawidziak of the Plain Dealer in Cleveland , its huge success "  led to the reality boom of the last 12 years and paved the way for series like ` American Idol ' and ` Dancing With the Stars . ' " 7 .  tie  "  The Cosby Show " Not only was this the top-rated show for five consecutive seasons but panelists give it credit for reviving the situation comedy and for being the first series to feature a family headed by black professionals . 7 .  tie  "  60 Minutes " This long-running show finished in first place for three consecutive seasons , establishing the format for all TV newsmagazines to come . Meanwhile , says Dave Walker of the Times-Picayune in New Orleans , "  it inadvertently turned TV news from a public service into a profit center . " 7 .  tie  "  Friends " Panel members praised its fresh approach to ensemble comedy , which looked deceptively simple . "  It made network executives think that any show built around five or six attractive people would be a hit , " said Maureen Ryan , TV critic for AOL . 10 .  tie  "  The Today Show " It invented morning television and woke up network executives to the profit potential at that time of day . 10 .  tie  "  American Idol " Though TV had amateur talent shows before , such as "  Star Search " and "  Arthur Godfrey 's Talent Scouts , " this series demonstrated the enormous potential of the genre . Several panelists gave a nod to MTV 's "  Real World " for creating the modern reality show in which nonactors are placed in pre-planned situations . Other shows receiving honorable mention for their influence on the TV industry : "  M * A * S * H , " "  The Simpsons , " "  The Mary Tyler Moore Show , " "  Law & Order , " "  Lost , " "  Your Show of Shows , " "  The Milton Berle Show , " "  Sesame Street , " "  The Shield , " "  American Bandstand " and the UK original version of "  The Office . " For this story , CNN consulted the following experts : Robert Bianco , USA Today Matt Roush , TV Guide Magazine Mark Dawidziak , Plain-Dealer in Cleveland Neal Justin , StarTribune in Minneapolis Maureen Ryan , AOL Ken Tucker , Entertainment Weekly Glenn Garvin , The Miami Herald Dave Walker , Times-Picayune in New Orleans Mary McNamara , Los Angeles Times Elayne Rapping , State University of New York Robert J. Thompson , Syracuse University Max Dawson , Northwestern University	In a survey of TV critics , "  Hill Street Blues " changed the direction of programming "  ER " and "  CSI " failed to get even one mention from the panel In all , 46 shows were cited as having a strong influence on TV
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- When Anna Elisa Fattori arrives at work the first thing she does is to take off her clothes . All of them . For Fattori is a professional nude model working at Rome 's art academy . Anna Elisa Fattori : "  You are trying to give inspiration to the students . " "  It is a tough job ! " she tells me just before beginning to pose for a group of students , eager to paint her gracious figure . There is something striking about her bright green eyes and wavy red hair . "  It does n't seem to be hard , but you know , try it ! Put yourself in front of the mirror and then stay for a long time in a pose . You start : ` Oh my back , oh something is strange here ... ' " she says , mimicking pain on her lower back . Fattori is one of about 300 people in Italy who do this job , but only about 50 of them have full-time contracts . She makes the equivalent of about $ 1,500 each month , but only works three months per year . And that is why she and others recently went on strike , demanding a full-time wage for work they say not everyone can do . "  It is not easy because you are naked , so you have to be very comfortable with your body and have a nice relationship with everybody , " she says as the students look on , "  but not too open and not too close . You are trying to give inspiration to the students . If we lose these artistic roots that are very important to Italy then we lose a big part of our identity . " Italian Renaissance art is filled with naked men and women : Think of Michelangelo 's David or Botticelli 's Venus . But back then artists mostly used prostitutes and lovers as models and muses , often with the complicity of priests who wanted the walls of their churches painted by famous names . "  Priests allowed prostitutes to use churches , " explains Enrico Bruschini , one of Rome 's best known art historians . "  Officially it was to convert them , but the practical reason was to have the artist at the church . " Bruschini says that the Saint Augustine church , a stone 's throw from Piazza Navona , was a famous gathering point in Rome for Renaissance artists looking for "  inspiration . " Back then though professional modeling did not exist , and most would agree that the art did n't really suffer from its absence . So if Botticelli and Raphael could do without professional models , what is the big deal now ? "  It all started with the rise of art schools in the 19th and 20th centuries " says Fattori . "  During the Renaissance you just thought that a prostitute can be a model or even a lover . But now we are here , so we need to move ahead . " Art students hoping to become the next Michelangelo agree . "  I think a person should have talent , " argues Anastasia Kurakina , a first year student from Russia . "  Because you , for example , you could n't -LSB- model -RSB- ... I do n't know you , but Anna Elisa has talent . " Anastasia is right , I certainly could n't do it -- but unbeknownst to me she used me as a model while I was interviewing Fattori . Thankfully I was fully dressed , so all she drew was my head . And she did n't to a bad job at that . E-mail to a friend	Italy 's art models have gone on strike , demanding they get a full-time wage Around 300 people do the job , but only about 50 of them are full-time During the Italian Renaissance artists mostly used prostitutes and lovers as models Priests let prostitutes use churches so it was possible to attract , employ name artists
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Rapper T.I. was arrested on federal gun charges just hours before he was scheduled to perform at the BET Hip Hop Awards , according to federal authorities . T.I. , whose real name is Clifford Harris , was arrested without incident in midtown Atlanta . The entertainer , whose real name is Clifford Harris , was arrested in a federal sting Saturday after his bodyguard-turned-informant delivered three machine guns and two silencers to the hip-hop star , according to a Justice Department statement . Authorities said that Harris , 27 , provided the bodyguard $ 12,000 to buy the weapons , which Harris is not allowed to own because he is a convicted felon . Court documents said Harris was convicted on felony drug charges in 1998 , and a federal affidavit said he has been arrested on gun charges in the past . However , one of his attorneys , Dwight Thomas , said Sunday he was not aware Harris was a convicted felon and that "  a number of people " live in Harris ' suburban Atlanta home . Thomas added there were "  two sides to every story -- sometimes three " and he was confident the legal system would work in Harris ' favor . The entertainer was taken into custody about 2:30 p.m. ET Saturday in Atlanta , where the BET award show was filmed . Harris , the show 's top nominee , was up for nine awards , including CD of the year and lyricist of the year . He also was scheduled to perform , along with fellow rap stars Common , Nelly and Kanye West . The show went on without the self-proclaimed "  King of the South , " whose car and College Park , Georgia , home were searched following his arrest . Watch a search of the rapper 's home " Authorities said they found three more firearms in the car in which Harris drove to pick up the machine guns and silencers , "  including one loaded gun tucked between the driver 's seat where Harris had been sitting and the center console . " At his home , authorities found six other guns , five of them loaded , in his bedroom closet . "  Machine guns pose a serious danger to the community , which is why they are so carefully regulated , " said David Nahmias , U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Georgia . "  The last place machine guns should be is in the hands of a convicted felon , who can not legally possess any kind of firearm . This convicted felon allegedly was trying to add several machine guns to an already large and entirely illegal arsenal of guns . " The sting came after Harris ' bodyguard was arrested purchasing the machine guns and silencers from an undercover Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives agent Wednesday , according to the Justice Department statement . The bodyguard then agreed to cooperate with the ATF , the statement said . The guns were not registered on the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record as required by law . The bodyguard -- who has worked for Harris since July -- told authorities he had bought about nine guns for the rap star in the past , the statement said . On Wednesday , authorities said , Harris arranged for the bodyguard to pick up $ 12,000 in cash from a bank to buy the guns . After his arrest , the bodyguard made phone calls to Harris , which authorities recorded , the statement said . Harris was supposed to pick up the guns after meeting the bodyguard in a shopping center parking lot in midtown Atlanta . Authorities arrested Harris there without incident , the Justice Department statement said . Court documents in the case show Harris was convicted on felony drug charges in Cobb County , Georgia , in 1998 and sentenced to seven years ' probation . "  Harris has additional arrests and at least one probation violation for unlawfully possessing firearms , " according to an affidavit . Harris ' music is built around the drug culture and is known as "  trap musik , " the name of Harris ' second album . A "  trap " is Southern slang for a drug house . Harris will be held in federal custody over the weekend and will appear Monday before a magistrate judge , the Justice Department statement said . Harris soon will appear in the movie "  American Gangster , " starring Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe . The film is set to open November 2 . E-mail to a friend CNN Radio 's Rahul Bali contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Number of people " live in home where guns found , T.I. 's attorney says T.I. was to perform at BET show , where he was nominated for nine awards The rapper , a convicted felon , allegedly tried to buy machine guns , silencers Authorities say they found nine more guns after searching T.I. 's home , car
CNN  -- One person was killed and four critically injured Tuesday in a series of highway pileups triggered by a dense dust storm on Interstate 10 in central Arizona , a state law enforcement official said . The dust storm moved through the Pichacho Peak area , about 40 miles north of Tucson , at about 12:15 p.m.  3:15 p.m. ET  and caused "  minimal visibility " on a stretch of Interstate 10 there , said Bart Graves , a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Public Safety . "  We have two chain reaction crashes in the westbound lanes , " Graves said . "  All involve commercial vehicles and passenger cars . There is one confirmed fatality and two additional victims with life-threatening injuries . " Graves said 16 vehicles were involved in the chain reaction accidents at Pichacho Peak . "  We closed the eastbound lanes to allow emergency responders access to the scene , " he said . "  Due to the poor visibility , all patients were transported by ground ambulance to Tucson area hospitals . " "  The dust continues to cause a major hindrance to DPS officers and other rescue personnel , " Graves said . Another pileup , this one involving eight vehicles , occurred about an hour and a half later , 20 miles to the south on I-10 , Graves said . Two people were critically injured in that incident , which occurred on the eastbound lanes of I-10 . Graves said he could not estimate when the interstate would reopen in either direction . CNN 's Tina Burnside contributed to this report .	NEW : Two suffered critical injuries in chain-reaction incident 20 miles north of Tucson One person died and two suffered life-threatening injuries in Pichacho Peak incident The storm caused "  minimal visibility " along Interstate 10 north of Tucson
CNN  -- If you 're traveling by air this month , there 's a good chance the government owes you money . Do n't believe me ? You can thank Congress and its inability to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration . Here 's how you can get your money back , though be prepared to wait a little while for things to settle . Congress periodically has to renew the authorization of the FAA to do a variety of things , and one of those things is collecting taxes on air travel . As with everything in Washington , the left and the right all try to sneak in politically charged riders that prevent the FAA reauthorization from moving forward to fund important projects such as the NextGen air traffic control overhaul . Until last month , Congress had been simply extending the current authorization for months at a time until something could be worked out . That changed on July 23 . When July 22 ended , so did the current authorization for the FAA and that meant it could no longer collect taxes . There was hope that once the debt-ceiling bill was passed , attention would shift to getting the FAA back up and running , but both chambers decided to take the month off . Then Thursday , congressional leaders reached a deal to resume funding temporarily for the FAA , and the Senate passed the legislation on Friday . Secrets to avoiding flight delays When FAA authorization ended , four taxes on air travel had to be dropped :  The 7.5 % tax on the base airline ticket price  The domestic segment tax of $ 3.70 per person per segment  a single takeoff and single landing   The international travel facilities tax of $ 16.30 per person for flights that begin or end in the United States , or $ 8.20 per person for a flight that begins or ends in Alaska or Hawaii  The 6.25 % tax on the amount paid for transporting property by air As you can see , this applies to both domestic and international flights on any airline , regardless of where it 's based . So if you bought a round-trip ticket going from Jacksonville , Florida , to Los Angeles via Atlanta for $ 500 , here 's how the taxes and fees break down :  Base fare -- $ 425.30  7.5 % excise tax -- $ 31.90  Domestic segment tax -- $ 14.80  $ 3.70 per flight segment   September 11 security fee -- $ 10  $ 2.50 per flight segment   Passenger facility charges -- $ 18  $ 4.50 per departure from each airport The passenger would be owed $ 46.70 for the excise and segment taxes if this ticket was purchased before July 23 for travel since the FAA shutdown . Summer travel : Watch out for amateurs So if you bought your ticket before July 23 for travel between July 23 and , well , whenever the FAA comes back to life , then you can get a refund for the taxes that you paid at the time of purchase . If you bought a ticket beginning on July 23 , then you were n't charged those taxes . If the FAA is reauthorized before you take that trip , then you probably wo n't have to pay back taxes . While Congress could try to collect , it would be virtually impossible to make it happen and ill-advised to even try . The Internal Revenue Service has issued guidelines on how exactly to go about getting your refund . First stop ? The place where you bought your ticket . If you booked through a travel agent , go back to that agent and ask for help getting the refund . Your agent will be able to keep on top of the news to see how and when to make this happen . I would n't , however , bother doing it until your trip is completed so that you know exactly how much is owed to you .  If you file for a refund after your first flight , then you have no way of knowing if the FAA will again be collecting taxes by the time you return . If you booked directly , talk to your airline . So far , few airlines have issued much guidance . We do know that both Delta Air Lines and US Airways have committed to refund the taxes directly to the travelers . Delta says it will issue a refund "  once an agreement is reached with the IRS on the procedure for doing so . " US Airways said effectively the same thing . Other airlines , however , have either given no clarification or have sent people back to the IRS . JetBlue , for example , is telling customers to go directly to the IRS to get money back . To do that , however , is also an undefined process . According to the IRS , travelers must "  submit proof of taxes paid and travel dates to the IRS under procedures that are under development . The IRS will provide additional guidance at a later date . " In other words , if you bought your ticket before July 23 and are traveling after , you are owed money . We just do n't know how you 'll get that money back yet . I imagine the IRS is hoping people do n't make their claims and the agency can pocket the extra cash , but the money is rightfully yours . Keep all your documents for completed travel and stayed tuned for updates on the IRS procedures .	Fliers who bought tickets before the FAA shutdown might be entitled to a tax refund Tickets purchased before July 23 for travel from July 23 until the FAA is restored are eligible Some airlines have agreed to coordinate refunds with the Internal Revenue Service The IRS is developing procedures to process the air travel tax refunds
CNN  -- When convicted intelligence leaker Bradley Manning asked Thursday for hormone treatment at a military prison so he can become Chelsea Manning , the response was immediate : No . So would the former Army private have a better shot at becoming a woman if he were transferred to a civilian prison , a move his lawyer has suggested he might attempt ? Maybe . But he should get ready for a fight . Recently , federal courts in some states , including Virginia , Maryland and Massachusetts , have authorized hormone treatment for inmates at government expense , ruling that it 's part of an inmate 's right to adequate medical care guaranteed by the 8th Amendment . But no prisoner has undergone state-sponsored gender reassignment surgery , according to Dr. Ron Shansky , the former Illinois Department of Corrections medical director . He consults nationally on prison health-care issues , particularly concerning transgender inmates . He evaluated his first transgender inmate in 1989 . "  These kind of requests are so rare -- few compared to the thousands in the system -- so corrections employees do n't have a lot of experience or training , " he said . "  And the prison system in this country has a history of being old-fashioned , puritanical , " he said . A correctional staffer is more likely to think that a male inmate acting like a woman is doing that out of defiance or acting out . "  Only lately , I think , has there been some understanding that medical science says that this treatment is , in some cases , as critical as giving an inmate his heart medication or dialysis . " Robert wants to be Michelle The only inmate close to getting a state-covered sex change is Michelle Kosilek . She was Robert Kosilek , a laborer who was convicted of murdering his wife in 1990 and given a life sentence without parole . Kosilek began asking for hormone therapy in 1992 , arguing that he felt debilitating depression and wanted to kill himself . "  She could n't look in the mirror , " said his lawyer , Joseph Sulman . "  She felt trapped in her own body . She was not a man , despite having the genitals of a man . " Doctors diagnosed Kosilek with gender identity disorder , a condition listed in the American Psychiatric Association 's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , a book of classifications of mental disorders widely used by American mental health professionals . The newest edition , the DSM-5 , now calls the condition gender dysphoria , but it 's essentially the same symptoms : intense confusion and strain over one 's gender . 5 things to know about gender identity Kosilek was eventually given estrogen and other drugs , Sulman said , but when she asked for surgery , many Massachusetts officials fiercely opposed funding the operation , which the Boston Globe has reported could cost $ 50,000 . In 2008 , Republican state Sen. Scott Brown filed legislation to ban the use of taxpayer money to pay for the surgery . "  We have many big challenges facing us as a nation , but nowhere among those issues would I include providing sex change surgery to convicted murderers , " Brown said , according to the Boston Globe . "  I look forward to common sense prevailing and the ruling being overturned . " More than 20 state lawmakers sent a letter to the state 's prisons chief saying they did not support providing Kosilek a state-funded operation . The legislation failed . In September 2012 , two decades after Kosilek first requested treatment , U.S. District Judge Mark Wolf ruled that the state must pay for the surgery , citing the 8th Amendment . Wolf made history . While other judges across the country had ordered corrections departments to provide drugs and psychotherapy to gender-confused inmates , he was the first to order that the state pay for surgery . The government is in the process of appealing the ruling , and Michelle Kosilek remains , anatomically , a man . "  Michelle understands that to get this far is a very big deal . It 's precedent-setting , " Sulman said . "  To go from not being able to look in the mirror to feeling trapped in her own body to knowing that there is chance to fully transition , I think her mental state has improved . " Read more about the Kosilek case Michael wants to be De ` lonta A Virginia inmate is close to getting a similar ruling . In 2004 , inmate Michael Stokes , serving 73 years for bank robbery , was able to reach a settlement with the state 's corrections department that allowed her to receive hormones behind bars . Stokes was going by Ophelia De ` lonta and , with permission from correctional officials , styling herself like a woman , wearing makeup and tweezing her eyebrows . According to a court document  PDF  , she was seeing a prison therapist about her incessant urges to rid herself of the genitalia she was born with . She kept telling prison officials that she felt overwhelmed . Eventually , De ` lonta could n't take it anymore . She bought disposable razor blades at the prison commissary and tried to cut her penis off . After her hospitalization , she filed a federal lawsuit in 2011 , claiming that the state failed to provide adequate medical care because it refused to give her a sex change operation . In January , the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found that De ` lonta can argue that denying her the surgery violates the 8th Amendment 's prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment . As De ` lonta 's case makes its way through the courts , there could be more to come across the nation . In 2012 , the Federal Bureau of Prisons updated its health care policy to include transgender inmates . Bureau spokesman Chris Burke said officials would not be giving interviews on the topic , but he forwarded its patient policy  PDF  , which says an inmate has the right to an evaluation to determine whether treatment is necessary . A unstudied population Correctional professionals know little about how many inmates like De ` lonta or Kosilek are inside U.S. prisons . That could be a big problem , some experts say , because transgender people are more likely to wind up in the criminal justice system than others in the general population , and they are at higher risk for security problems behind bars . The National Gay and Lesbian Task Force and the National Center for Transgender Equality published a 2011 report based on a survey of 6,450 people who identified as transgender or gender-nonconforming . Sixteen percent said that they had been compelled to make a living illegally , such as prostitution or selling drugs , due to discrimination that led to bad work environments , loss of a job , poverty and other tough situations . Once in jail or prison , those people reported that they had been physically or sexually assaulted because of their gender issue . A 2007 University of California , Irvine study found that people who identify as transgender are 13 times more likely to be sexually assaulted in prison . There were 1.6 million inmates in state and federal prisons in 2011 , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics . Yet only a few studies appear to have been done on identifying prisoners who are transgender . A 2009 study of California 's men 's prisons identified more than 330 transgender inmates -- people born as men but identifying as women -- out of a population of approximately 160,000 . More than 80 % of the inmates said they live as women before being prisoners , and nearly half had lived on the streets . These figures are partly why , in 2011 , authorities in the Chicago area began housing transgender detainees based on the gender they identify with rather than the one they were born with , according to The New York Times . Transgender detainees at the Cook County Jail are allowed to meet with a panel of doctors and therapists to determine where they should be housed , and correctional employees are instructed to let transgender inmates wear clothing or use hygiene products that they feel suit their gender . Corrections employees are also trained in how to interact with transgender people . A similar program was implemented in Denver last year . When an arrested person is booked , they are evaluated to determine where they should be placed : a female or male housing unit , taking into consideration which gender the person lives as . "  It seemed like a no-brainer to us to have this both from a security standpoint and to make the people who come through the justice system feel like they are being treated equally , " Denver Undersheriff Gary Wilson said . "  And it 's saved us a lot of money , " he explained . "  Before this , we had to have 23-hour lockdowns to protect someone vulnerable . This made more sense , and with training , it was fairly simple to get off the ground . " California law lets transgender students pick bathrooms Former Navy SEAL comes out as transgender Transgender first-grader wins right to use girls ' restroom Transgender MMA fighter goes public Miss Universe ends ban on transgender contestants	Convicted intel leaker Bradley Manning has said he is female The Army has refused to provide hormone therapy for gender reassignment His attorney has suggested he may attempt to move to civilian prison It 's not certain he would have a better shot at a sex change there
CNN  -- Virender Sehwag smashed a career-best one-day innings of 175 as India opened the 2011 Cricket World Cup with a convincing 87-run victory over co-hosts Bangladesh in Dhaka on Saturday . Opening batsman Sehwag put on 203 for the third wicket with Virat Kohli , who was unbeaten on 100 , as India compiled 370-4 in the allotted 50 overs -- the fifth-highest total in tournament history . Bangladesh made a game effort in reply but could manage only 283-9 , crucially losing five wickets while scoring just 47 runs in the final 10 overs of the match . Sehwag , who hit 14 boundaries and five sixes in his 140-ball knock , matched the 175 not out by compatriot Kapil Dev in 1983 which is the fourth-highest score in World Cup matches . Bangladesh excited to host Cricket World Cup "  It was a good start for the team , I have said this is a revenge game and we have won , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  I have said before Bangladesh are not good in Tests , but they can compete in ODIs -- but today they could not . Special thanks to my physio for helping me , I was carrying a couple of injuries and they got me ready for this game . " After Bangladesh won the toss and chose to field , Sehwag opened the Indian innings with veteran Sachin Tendulkar -- the sport 's highest scorer in one-day and Test formats -- who scored 28 from 29 balls before being run out . Girls got game in cricket-crazy Bangladesh Gautam Gambhir , who usually opens for India in five-day Tests , made a run-a-ball 39 before falling at 152-2 in the 24th over , bringing Koli to the crease . The 22-year-old reached three figures for the fourth time in one-day internationals , needing only 83 deliveries as he hit eight fours and two sixes . Bangladesh looked well-placed at 188-2 but then opener Tamil Iqbal fell for his team 's top score of 70 as the second of Munaf Patel 's four wickets . And when captain Shakib Al Hasan was caught in the deep by Harbhajan Singh for 55 off 50 balls in the 40th over , it signaled the end of the home team 's resistance . Spinner Harbhajan picked up a wicket and a runout , while Patel finished with figures of 4-48 off his 10 overs to give India a winning start to their Group B campaign . The seven-team pool also includes cricket heavyweights South Africa , England and the West Indies . The Group A schedule begins on Sunday as New Zealand take on African minnows Kenya in Chennai , India , and the third of the tournament 's hosts Sri Lanka play Canada . The group also includes three-time defending champions Australia , 1992 winners Pakistan and Zimbabwe .	Batsman Virender Sehwag stars as India win World Cup opener by 87 runs in Dhaka Opener equals the fourth-highest score in tournament 's history with 175 runs Virat Kohli also scores a century as India compile a daunting 370-4 in 50 overs Co-hosts Bangladesh lose six wickets in the last 11 overs , ending on 283-4
CNN  -- Nearly half of the nation 's states have new voting measures that could stop some Latinos from heading to the polls in November , a civil rights group said Monday . "  This year , an unprecedented number of voting restrictions impose barriers to voting that disproportionately affect the Latino community , " said a report from Advancement Project , which has also sued to block such voting measures in a number of states . Monday 's report from the organization , which pushes to protect voting rights , was the latest volley in a national battle over such measures that splits largely along party lines . Advancement Project 's report points to three different types of efforts in 23 states that it says will impact eligible Latino voters : efforts to purge rolls of non-citizen voters , proof of citizenship requirements for voter registration and photo ID laws . Campaigns battle over narrow groups of voters It is difficult to calculate exactly how many Latinos could be affected , Katherine Culliton-Gonzalez , director of voter protection for Advancement Project , told reporters in a conference call Monday . Based on U.S. Census population data of eligible Latino voters in the 23 states with what Advancement Project calls "  voter suppression policies , " she said , the organization estimates that obstacles could deter or prevent more than 10 million Latino citizens from registering and voting in the 2012 elections . Romney steps up effort to woo Latino voters But one conservative Hispanic leader said Monday that the group 's estimate sounds "  completely ridiculous . " "  It is a number that simply is not believable , " said Rosario Marin , an advisory committee member for the Hispanic Leadership Network and a former treasurer of the United States during President George W. Bush 's administration . Advancement Project said its figure was a conservative estimate , pointing to letters it says Florida officials sent to thousands of registered voters asking them to prove their citizenship or be purged from the voting rolls . The intimidating impact of such letters extends far beyond those directly involved , Culliton-Gonzalez said Monday . "  Discrimination works that way , " she said . "  It exponentially affects the entire community . " And , she said , it can influence the results of the election . But Marin said voter ID laws were a positive step . "  It 's something very important so that we have integrity of the vote . When it is not done , there are questions about whether in reality people have the right to vote , " she said . "  When we have the identification it eliminates the need for any questions . " Advancement Project 's report said the organization 's arguments are based on an analysis of government documents and data , media reports and scholarly works . The organization has been involved in a number of legal challenges to recent state voting measures , including a high-profile case over Pennsylvania 's controversial voter ID law , which requires voters to present a state-issued photo ID . Earlier this month , the Pennsylvania Supreme Court sent the lawsuit back to a lower court to assess the availability of alternative forms of identification and whether the new law disenfranchises voters . The law 's backers argue that it strengthens voting procedures and protects against fraud . Gov. Tom Corbett , a Republican , signed the law in March after its passage largely along party lines . He said it "  sets a simple and clear standard to protect the integrity of our elections . " Justice Department approves New Hampshire voter law In its report Monday , Advancement Project countered that evidence shows that in-person voter fraud is "  virtually nonexistent . " "  This is an overly broad method of trying to solve a problem that does n't even exist that has a disparate impact on people of color , " Culliton-Gonzalez said . Debate over the Pennsylvania measure and other similar efforts across the country has largely split along party lines . Republican supporters have argued that the laws would help to fight fraud , while Democrats make the case that the new measures aid Republicans in the voting booth by limiting minority turnout in crucial battleground states . CNN 's Halimah Abdullah , David Ariosto and the CNN Political Unit contributed to this report .	A new report is the latest volley in a battle over state voting rules Such measures "  disproportionately affect the Latino community , " group says The civil rights group is involved in lawsuits challenging the laws A conservative Hispanic leader says the report 's assertion is "  not believable "
Zhonhgshan , China  CNN  -- Workers at Honda subsidiary in southeastern China intentionally slowed down production at the facility Monday , after returning from a strike , the company said . Previously it was believed that the job dispute -- which , among other strikes of Chinese Honda plant has impacted the global supply pipeline of its cars -- was resolved when the company offered a 200 yuan  U.S. $ 30  per month pay increase . The plant employs about 1,500 people . Honda Lock -- a subsidiary of Honda Motor Inc. which makes locks , door sensors and mirrors for the company -- believed the negotiations were settled with an agreement reached on Saturday . But Monday , a spokesperson for the company told CNN it is "  embarrassed to report 90 percent of the factory workers are slowing down inside the factory today , " a Honda Lock spokesperson said . The company is working to redress the situation , the spokesperson said . The wages debate at Honda Lock is a microcosm of labor disputes that are sweeping companies across developed regions of China . As workers seek better wages and working conditions , concerns are being raised that the turbulence could disrupt China 's development model of offering multinational companies access to a massive , low-cost labor force . "  This is an ongoing process since China joined the WTO  in 2001  . Chinese workers have enjoyed pay raises for some years , " Pu Yonghao , chief Asian investment strategist for UBS Wealth Management , told CNN . "  We 've come to a point where we will see more wage increases because a lot of national or multinational company 's minimum wage level is below the market level -- that 's why we see more strikes and more unrest , " Pu said . Productivity in China has increased faster than pay increases , Pu said , and could hasten the trend of moving labor-intensive labor farther inland or to other low-cost labor centers such as Bangladesh and Vietnam . Honda Lock workers interviewed by CNN said they want their monthly base salary increased to 1600 yuan  $ 234  . The basic salary used to be 900 yuan , workers said , although with overtime that usually rose to about 1200 yuan  $ 175  a month . They were seeking a pay increase similar to the 500 yuan  $ 73  pay increase given to workers striking at the Nanhai Honda Auto Parts Manufacturing company . "  Our salary is not enough .  After  living costs and rent , we have nothing left , " one worker , who asked not to be named , told CNN . Adds Liu Ping , another worker there : "  Nanhai Honda is Honda and we are also Honda . Living cost is similar but how come their salary is so high ? " Monday 's on-the-job slowdown was the latest tit-for-tat in the ongoing labor dispute at the Zhongshan plant , located in Guangdong Province near Hong Kong . Even as an agreement appeared to be reached on Saturday , the Honda plant was actively recruiting replacement workers over the weekend in case the negotiations were unsuccessful to return existing employees to the line . "  I 've been looking for a job for months -- I may want to work there , " one person in line for a job interview told CNN . On Monday morning , a factory manager stood outside and counted down the minutes before the morning shift began , threatening that strikers who did not return back to work would be replaced . About 100 employees were demonstrating outside before most went back into the factory to begin the morning shift . Still , some workers say they are willing to be fired in their quest for better wages -- especially since there are regional job shortages for qualified workers . "  If most of us are fired because of this , I am not scared . Around here there are many factories with high salaries , " one worker told CNN . She said she hopes she will be able to send more money back home to her parents with her salary increase . "  I do n't have any money left after deducting rent and meals , " she said . CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report	Workers return from strike , but slow down assembly line Honda workers want bigger pay increases Pay is escalating in China 's developing regions
CNN  -- A judge subpoenaed the Spanish king 's son-in-law Thursday in a corruption case that has drawn increased scrutiny to the royal family . Inaki Urdangarin , the Duke of Palma de Mallorca , must testify on February 6 , a Spanish court said in a statement . The case , widely reported in Spanish media for weeks , has fueled public criticism of the royal family . Thursday 's statement from the Balearic Islands Superior Court of Justice formally named Urdangarin as a defendant , but did not specify charges against him . According to media reports , authorities have been investigating whether a foundation headed by Urdangarin improperly used public funds . Mario Pascual Vives , an attorney representing Urdangarin , told reporters Thursday that his client is "  absolutely innocent . " Vives said Urdangarin , who lives in Washington , was on a skiing trip in the United States and had not spoken with him about the case since the court 's announcement Thursday . Urdangarin , a former Olympic handball player , married the Spanish king 's youngest daughter in 1997 . The corruption allegations have brought increased scrutiny to the monarchy as Spain faces a nationwide economic crisis . The court 's announcement came a day after Spain 's royal family publicly revealed its finances for the first time in an effort to boost public confidence and transparency . An announcement by the royal palace that Urdangarin will not participate in official family activities during the investigation and remarks by King Juan Carlos in his Christmas Eve speech that "  justice is equal for everyone " have deflected public criticisms of the royal family , according to Gerardo Correas of the International School of Protocol in Madrid . A large round of applause greeted the king at an inauguration ceremony for the new legislature earlier this week , Correas said . But many Spaniards were still buzzing over the political scandal -- with some asking whether other members of the royal family were connected to , or aware of , Urdangarin 's business dealings . "  The debate continues in the street and will continue for a long time , " Correas said . CNN 's Ana Maria Luengo-Romero and Miguel Angel Antonanzas contributed to this report .	A Spanish court says Inaki Urdangarin must testify on February 6 A statement from the court names him as a defendant , but does not specify charges The corruption case has brought increased scrutiny to Spain 's royal family Urdangarin , a former Olympic handball player , is married to the king 's youngest daughter
Kathryn Kolbert is president of People for the American Way , a nonprofit advocacy group that supports equality and freedom of speech and religion . An attorney who has been recognized as one of the most influential lawyers in America , she appeared frequently before the U.S. Supreme Court from 1986-1997 , arguing in favor of retaining a legal right to abortion . Before joining People for the American Way , she was executive producer of Justice Talking , a radio show about law and American life and senior research administrator with the Annenberg Public Policy Center . Kathryn Kolbert says Rick Warren 's selection upset activists who supported Barack Obama CNN  -- The announcement that Pastor Rick Warren has been chosen to give the invocation at Barack Obama 's inauguration ceremony landed with a thud in my inbox . Many people who know Warren as the affable megachurch pastor and best-selling author may be confused about the anger and disappointment that his selection has generated among progressive activists who worked so hard to help elect Obama . Here 's my explanation ; you can find plenty of other voices online . Warren enjoys a reputation as a bridge-building moderate based on his informal style and his church 's engagement on issues like AIDS in Africa . He took grief from some of his Religious Right colleagues when he invited then-Senator Obama to his church for a conference on AIDS a couple of years ago . And , in August he hosted presidential candidates Obama and McCain at his church . Warren has worked hard to cultivate a moderate public personality but his views are very similar to those of traditional Religious Right leaders.In an email sent before the 2004 election he wrote a Falwell-esque message proclaiming that , for Christian voters , the issues of abortion , marriage for same-sex couples , stem cell research , cloning and euthanasia were "  non-negotiable . " In fact , he said , they are "  not even debatable because God 's word is clear on these issues . " And while some Religious Right leaders were nervous that Warren would give Obama a platform to talk about poverty and the environment at the August event , Warren thrilled them by eschewing those issues entirely in order to emphasize issues like abortion and marriage that worked to McCain 's advantage with the evangelical audience . iReport.com : Your thoughts on Rick Warren Warren also campaigned for Proposition 8 , the initiative that stripped same-sex couples in California of their right under the state constitution to get legally married . But it 's not just his support for Prop. 8 that is so galling to equality activists . It 's that Warren , in an interview with Beliefnet.com , has since equated allowing loving same-sex couples to get married with redefining marriage to permit incest and pedophilia . And he has repeated one of the Religious Right 's big lies : that somehow allowing marriage equality to stand would have threatened the freedom of preachers like him to say what they thought about homosexuality . That 's not remotely true , but it 's a standard tool of Religious Right leaders trying to resist the public 's increasing support for equality . In other words , Warren has been divisive and dishonest on the issues of marriage equality and religious freedom -- and on other issues important to many Obama supporters , as well . He adamantly opposes a woman 's legal right to abortion and dismisses common-ground efforts to reduce the need for abortion by comparing them to accommodating the Holocaust . He is disrespectful of progressive people of faith , suggesting that they are tools of the Democratic Party or more Marxist than Christian . So much for the values of unity and respect , not to mention the constitutional principle of equality , on which President-elect Obama campaigned . Why exactly is he being given the high honor of delivering the invocation at one of the most historic ceremonies in American history ? There is no shortage of religious leaders who reflect the values on which President-elect Obama campaigned and who are working to advance the common good . Rev. Joseph Lowery , who has been selected to give the benediction , is a lifelong advocate for justice . There are others like him , and in our increasingly diverse nation , they are n't all Christian . Rick Warren gets plenty of attention through his books and media appearances and has every right to promote his religious views . But he does n't need or deserve a position of honor at the inauguration of a president who has given hope to so many Americans by rejecting the politics of division and emphasizing his commitment to constitutional values . I am still excited about the tremendous changes in policy that I expect under an Obama administration . But it 's the job of progressive advocates to hold public officials accountable , and to speak up even when our friends drop the ball . This decision , which will leave a bad taste in the mouths of many passionate supporters of Barack Obama , is one of those times . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathryn Kolbert .	Kathryn Kolbert : Rick Warren has image of a moderate religious leader She says his views are closer to those of the Religious Right Kolbert : Warren backed Prop. 8 and opposed abortion and stem cell research She says he does n't deserve position of honor at Barack Obama 's inauguration
The Washington Redskins , stinging from a letter by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and dozens of fellow Democrats calling on the league to force the team to change its racist name , apparently fumbled a desperate Twitter appeal to fans . "  Tweet @SenatorReid to show your #RedskinsPride and tell him what the team means to you , " the maligned team wrote to its 305,000 Twitter followers on Thursday . But be careful what you ask for , especially on Twitter . "  This team has ZERO self-awareness . lol , " one person tweeted . "  Lifelong ` Skins fan and I strongly believe it is time to change the name , " wrote another . "  How do you not see what a bad idea this is , " said another tweet . "  Please do n't do this to yourself . DO N'T , " another person wrote . Faiz Shakir , Reid 's digital director , said the majority of responses favored a name change . "  In the five to 10 minutes following it , we were pleasantly surprised by the overwhelming outpouring of opposition to the team , " he said . "  It was 50 to one at one point . " Redskins spokesman Tony Wyllie said the claim reminded him of the famously incorrect "  Dewey defeats Truman " banner headline . "  They declared victory within the hour and as the night went on , more and more momentum swung our way , " he said . "  That 's the good thing about our country . People can express themselves and have a healthy dialogue . " In a letter to the NFL last week , the senators stepped up pressure on the league to force the Washington Redskins to change their name by invoking the heated racial controversy triggered by basketball 's Donald Sterling . "  I would hope that the team does reflect on why there was so much organic opposition to the name , " Shakir said Friday . "  I do n't know if they 're living in bunker mentality over there and do n't realize that this name has caused so much anger . But if they are in that bunker mentality , hopefully  Thursday 's Twitter response  causes them to climb out of that and see the fact that there is a lot of deep-seeded opposition and anger to the name . " Responding to the senators ' letter , Redskins President Bruce Allen invited Reid to a game to "  witness first-hand that the Washington Redskins are a positive , unifying force for our community in a city and region that is divided on so many levels . " Allen said the term Redskins originated as a Native American expression of solidarity , and that the team logo was designed by Native Americans . Joel Barkin , a spokesman for Oneida Indian Nation of central New York , said the team 's Twitter appeal demonstrated how much the Redskins underestimate the passions surrounding the issue . "  This is a complete disregard for those that are calling for a change , " he said . "  It 's a fundamental misreading of the issue at large . " Last week 's letter , signed by 50 Democratic senators and released by Reid , urged pro football 's commissioner , Roger Goodell , to take action over concerns that continued use of the Redskins brand is offensive to Native Americans . They asked Goodell to follow the lead of NBA Commissioner Adam Silver , who took tough measures against Sterling after the longtime owner of the league 's Los Angeles Clippers was recorded making comments offensive to African-Americans . "  Today , we urge you and the National Football League to send the same clear message as the NBA did : that racism and bigotry have no place in professional sports , " the letter said . Responding to the Senate letter , the NFL said last week it has "  long demonstrated a commitment to progressive leadership " on diversity . "  The intent of the team 's name has always been to present a strong , positive and respectful image . The name is not used by the team or the NFL in any other context , though we respect those that view it differently , " the league statement said . Lawmakers step into Washington Redskins name fray	Team 's Twitter appeal to fans appears to backfire , say proponents of name change One person tweets : "  This team has ZERO self-awareness " Another tweets : "  Lifelong ` Skins fan and I strongly believe it is time to change the name " Team President Bruce Allen : Name began as Native American expression of solidarity
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Asking fans for $ 75,000 to fund your next record takes a lot of chutzpah . Getting them to meet the goal in 53 days takes a lot of charm . Jill Sobule raised $ 75,000 from fans through a Web site to fund her latest album . Singer-songwriter Jill Sobule has both in spades . Before Katy Perry topped the charts with her sassy single , "  I Kissed a Girl , " Sobule scored a Top 20 hit with a song of the same name back in 1995 . Since then , she 's been on four record labels and has seen some modest success -- mostly recently as a songwriter/composer for the Nickelodeon series , "  Unfabulous . " These days , Sobule is a free agent . Translated , that means the 40-something entertainer must now think of creative ways to make ends meet and pay for her artistic endeavors . In January 2008 , she started her fundraising drive on jillsnextrecord.com . Visitors to the site were greeted by a message that read , "  Hi , I 'm Elaine , Jill 's mother . As you know , my daughter is a real talent . " During the next six weeks , donations flooded in via PayPal . Watch Sobule surprised at the effectiveness of her pitch " To sweeten the pot , Sobule offered prizes to contributors -- or "  gifts , " as she calls them . For 10 grand , you got to sing on the record . Five thousand dollars earned you a private living room concert . A $ 100 donation meant a T-shirt from Sobule with the words "  Junior Executive Producer " emblazoned on it . We interviewed the Denver , Colorado , native at her home in Los Angeles -- in the living room , and not out by the pool . "  I do n't want people to think I 'm rich , " she said , her blue eyes growing wide with horror . While the $ 75,000 she raised was enough to record her new album , "  California Years , " it did n't include money for a makeup artist or hair stylist . Instead , we had Sobule come into the CNN bureau in Hollywood to use the glam squad we have on staff . Later , she blogged about sitting in Larry King 's makeup chair . The following is an edited version of the interview with Sobule . CNN : So Jill , your next record that 's coming out in April  "  California Years "  was funded entirely by fans . How did you come up with that idea ? Jill Sobule : Well , after being on two major labels that dropped me , and then two indie labels that went bankrupt , the thought of maybe getting another deal seemed ridiculous . Originally , I thought I would try and have them invest -- just like stocks -- but I could n't figure out how to do it . So the next thing was a different level of donations , and they would get gifts . For $ 10,000 -LSB- the "  Weapons Grade Plutonium " level -RSB- , you could sing a duet with me on my record , and someone actually did it from the UK . CNN : Did you know this person ? Sobule : No , I did n't know her , but what was great was that she was not a singer professionally . She wanted to give , and I brought her over from the UK , and she was fantastic . My first donation was from my friend Kenny and my mother , and really when I first started , I thought this could be a humiliating experience . Within six weeks , I reached the goal -LSB- of $ 75,000 -RSB- . I was totally surprised and shocked . Some of my favorite things were , "  I really do n't like your music , but I like what you 're doing , so here 's five bucks . " CNN : Did you know a lot of the folks who donated ? Sobule : I do n't have a Madonna-sized fan base , so I can actually e-mail and talk to everyone that e-mails me , because I am totally appreciative and I like my fans ! They seem to have the same interests as me . They are kind of nerdy and cool -- and have good taste , obviously . Someone asked me the other day , "  Have you ever had a bad stalker experience ? " And I said , "  Well , I had two people , but I put them to work helping me sell T-shirts . Now I 'm stalking them ! " CNN : Your plea for money on jillsnextrecord.com starts off with a little note from your mother saying , "  Hi , I 'm Elaine , Jill 's mother . As you know , my daughter is a real talent . " Sobule : I thought it sounded too conceited -- in a seventh grade sort of way -- to try and tout myself . So I called my mother and asked her , "  Will you write me a little letter ? " CNN : Tom Bergeron -LSB- the host of "  Dancing With the Stars " -RSB- gave you $ 1,000 . What did he get for that ? Sobule : For $ 1,000 , Tom gets his own theme song that he can put on his answering machine . There are actually going to be two different versions . There is a spy version , that is kind of 007-like with horns , and then there is "  That Girl , " this Mary Tyler Moore '60s - type theme song . I am making myself do a lot of work , but it has been really fun . CNN : For $ 5,000 , donors got a private concert in their living room . How many of those did you have to do ? Sobule : About five or six . That is a good bargain , actually . If they have a large enough place , they invite a lot of people and charge 10 bucks to come in , so they get their money back . I always say that is the one you should choose . CNN : Fred Savage , the "  Wonder Years " kid , coughed up a hundred bucks ? Sobule : He coughed up a hundred bucks . CNN : Have you gone through all the money ? Sobule : I have pretty much gone through all of it . I did not know how expensive it was to do all of this . CNN : No wonder the record labels are broke . You could have done it for less than 75 grand if you did it in your home office on Pro Tools -LSB- computer-based recording equipment -RSB- . Sobule : Yeah . I could have done it for less than $ 75,000 -- and I probably will for my next one -- but I wanted to do it the old-fashioned way one last time , and do everything that the label does -- publicity , promotion , marketing , distribution , printing the old CDs . I guess that 's what an indie budget would be at a label . CNN : It 's hard to make any money selling CDs these days . Sobule : I have never made a cent off a record in my life . I have never recouped enough , and I never sold enough . When people see you have a song on MTV , they think you are doing well -- but you know , the way the traditional label deal was set up , it is really hard for an artist , unless they sold a lot , to see anything . CNN : So what you 're saying is that you 're seeing your first dollar from record sales with this album ? Sobule : I will see my first dollar . CNN : Because you 're eliminating the record company as the middleman . Sobule : Other artists -- I think this is completely a model for them to do . I think that it 's very hard to be an artist more than ever , but it is also a very exciting time . It feels like the Wild West in a way . .	Singer Jill Sobule set out to raise money to record an album She set up a Web site where fans could give and receive gifts in exchange She raised $ 75K and one fan paid $ 10K to sing a duet Tom Bergeron , Fred Savage among those donating
CNN  -- The cast of the upcoming film "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " made a surprise appearance at Comic-Con this afternoon along with director Bryan Singer . The cast members who appeared include those from the original "  X-Men " movie franchise and those from 2011 's X-Men reboot "  X : Men : First Class . " Jennifer Lawrence , Michael Fassbender , James McEvoy , Patrick Stewart , Halle Berry , Ian McKellen , Ellen Page , Peter Dinklage , Nicholas Hoult , Hugh Jackman , Evan Peters , Shawn Ashmore and Omar Sy assembled in Hall H to debut footage from the film . Dinklage has been rumored to be playing the villain in the film since photos from the set leaked earlier this summer , but at first the "  Game of Thrones " actor would n't confirm his role . "  I 'm playing Mystique , " he joked . He later officially confirmed his participation by saying , "  I get to play Bolivar Trask . " Singer directed 2000 's "  X-Men " and 2003 's "  X2 , " and produced 2009 's "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine . " The director set up this new film in the series , which will be released in theaters on May 23 , 2014 , explaining the character of Wolverine  Jackman  will be the central figure bringing the story together . The upcoming "  Wolverine " film out next week will act as a bridge for the character , Jackman said . Another can of "  Kick-Ass " "  The goal was to try and make a film that would bring this cast together by time travel or time displacement of some kind , " Singer said . "  Basically , the notion is that consciousness of Wolverine of the future is sent into his past self . And it was nice because Hugh was able to play both parts because the character of Wolverine is ageless . And it was great to be able to place him as a character in both these worlds . For me , it was great to reunite the old cast and get to work as a director with the new cast . " Singer also addressed rumors that this new film will rewrite the movie universe he 's set up in prior films , specifically changing some of the events from "  X2 . " "  Whenever you 're going back in time -- and this is every bit as much a time travel movie as it is an X-Men movie -- there is those risks , " Singer said . "  I 'm not the audience , I 'm just the filmmaker , but I do believe in certain continuity that we 'll maintain and some things we 'll change . When you go back and mess about , things happen . So some of those rumors are probably somewhat true . " Superman vs. Batman , friends or foes ? There will be some interaction between the older and younger versions of the characters , according to Singer . The director screened a reel of film footage that included a teaser of that . "  Wolverine is the journeyman , " Singer said . "  His interaction with the younger cast is primary . There is a moment , which you 'll see in this reel , where these characters come face to face , older self with younger self . And we tried to do it in a unique way . It 's been done before , but with my first opportunity to make a time travel film I want to create this set of rules and stay with them . " One of the big surprises is that Professor Charles Xavier  Stewart  is still alive after the events of 2006 's "  X-Men : The Last Stand . " In that film , the character of Jean Grey killed Xavier -- mostly . Metallica promotes new film "  My assumption was that it was going to be Ian and Halle and Hugh and everybody back , but it wo n't be me , " Stewart said . "  But something happened , which I 'm not allowed to talk about -- am I ? " In my own mind I understand how Xavier is alive at the end of ` X-Men 3 , ' " Singer responded . "  At the end of ` X-Men 3 ' after the credits when his consciousness is inside of this woman in a hospital and you take that and mix it with some powerful mutants -- mutants can do a lot of cool stuff -- you can imagine that anything is possible . " The film takes place during several time periods , including the 1970s , which allowed for some interesting costume choices beyond the X-Men suits . "  I personally love the moments when I get to wear the '70s clothes , " said Lawrence , who  really  plays Mystique . "  I really enjoy them because I love that time and I like wearing clothes when I can . Some of the Mystique stuff , some of the look is a little bit different . We 're still using the same paint . When we left the  last  movie , she was mutant and proud . She was kind of struggling with the problem that a lot of normal human people struggle with , which is how they look . So she was very covered up in the first movie , but this time she is mutant and proud . " "  It 's a very collaborative thing , " Fassbender added . "  That 's a thing that I 've found as a whole : The clothes we wear , the Magneto outfit , being on set . " "  The best thing about playing the older Magneto this time -- no helmet , " McKellen said , telling Fassbender , "  We 'll talk about helmets later . " The cast members also discussed their ongoing friendships . One of the benefits of the film was bringing the original cast members back together and for Berry , who plays Storm , this film was a chance to reunite with old friends . "  We all love the films , but what 's nice for me is that in the first movie we all became such good friends , " Berry said . "  And we really like each other and we like being around each other so to have a chance to do the work and hang out with the people we really respect , admire and like to be around is the joy of coming back to do these movies . The beauty is we pick up as if we just saw each other yesterday . I was really happy to see everybody and meet the new cast . "	The full cast of X-Men reunited at Comic-Con They discussed details of the upcoming ` Days of Future Past ' Peter Dinklage announced he will play Bolivar Trask The film finds the characters time traveling
CNN  -- The Norse god of thunder makes his big-screen debut in the latest Marvel movie , the first of three heading our way this summer . Portents are good for future developments , but director Kenneth Branagh makes heavy weather of the back story . If you 're not up on your Viking mythology , Thor is the guy with the hammer and the tempestuous temper . In Stan Lee 's resurrection , his father , Odin , punished Thor 's recklessness by condemning him to a double life as Dr. Donald Blake , a physician who would pick up the cudgel when evil threatened mankind . The movie gives us a brand new deity who is also a bit of both . The story teeter-totters between the exiled Thor crash-landing in New Mexico -- where he 's immediately run over by Natalie Portman 's storm-chasing astrophysicist , Jane -- and Asgard , where he vies with half-brother Loki  Tom Hiddleston  to vanquish the Ice Giants  not a hockey team  and win the respect of their father  Anthony Hopkins , gamely trying to inject some Lear-like gravitas while modeling an eye patch and several bespoke bronze helmets  . An unholy combination of a Vegas penthouse and Disney palazzo , Asgard is a computer-generated Valhalla with gold fixtures and diaphanous walls revealing Hubblesque views of the cosmos . A vast waterfall drains out into space , and an electric highway allows the gods to drop in on any of the nine realms , one of which is Earth . The stereoscopic scenery is impressive , but the screenwriters have a tin ear for god-speak , settling for something between Shakespeare and the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers . Presumably this is why Marvel turned the reins over to Ken Branagh , whose credentials include "  Hamlet , " "  Henry V " and "  Much Ado About Nothing . " Branagh has a penchant for back-slapping bluster and bravado , as well as the kind of kinky camera-angles that make you wonder if someone 's tripod has lost a leg -- which pretty well describes the movie 's exhaustingly lop-sided first act . "  Thor " is on much safer ground here on Earth . The tone is immediately different : more relaxed ; comic , not cosmic , as Jane and her colleagues  a wisecracking Kat Dennings and mistrustful Stellan Skarsgard  figure out whether the blond muscle man who fell to Earth is a lunatic or a miracle . In this incarnation , Thor has lost his power tool -- the hammer affectionately known as Mjolnir -- but he has kept his wits about him and takes his new circumstances in his stride . iReport : "  Natalie Portman should give her Oscar back " Beefy Australian newcomer Chris Hemsworth seems to be channeling the young Branagh in his portrait of an impetuous , gallant alpha male , burning to be king . There 's no finesse in the performance , but broad strokes are all it takes ; the other actors just bounce off him , and the movie finds its sense of fun . But it never settles for long . All the substantial plotting takes place on the astral plane in Asgard . The New Mexico episodes feel like a sideshow . iReport : Fans rave for "  Thor " In essence another plank in the elaborate foundation work for the forthcoming "  Avengers " movie , what "  Thor " sorely lacks is a center of gravity . On the other hand , it is as spectacular as $ 150 million can buy and very much at the milder end of the PG-13 spectrum . It should hook legions of kids , who can look forward to years more Thor - -- probably bigger and better - -- in the future .	Thor , the Norse god of thunder , gets an updated look Newcomer Chris Hemsworth plays Thor ; Natalie Portman is his love interest Shakespearean actor Kenneth Branagh directs the film
Paris  CNN  -- France votes Sunday in a presidential runoff pitting incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy against Francois Hollande in an election dominated by economy , unemployment and immigration concerns . Campaigning concluded at midnight Friday . In the first round of voting , nearly a fifth of voters backed far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen -- who wants to limit the number of immigrants entering France -- leading both candidates to reach out to her supporters . In his final address Friday in Paris , Sarkozy , of the center-right UMP party , picked up on the debate over immigration as he appealed for the support of the whole nation . "  I 've always said that France needs to remain an open and profoundly humanistic country , but there is a reality that is that we have welcomed more people in France than we can manage , " he said . "  I 'm not speaking to the right , the left or the center , this is a presidential election . I am president of France . I must speak to the French , no matter who they are . " Hollande , of the center-left Socialist party , also appealed for unity at his final rally in Perigueux , southwestern France . "  If so many of you have come today , it 's because you know that Sunday you will make an important choice for our future . If there are so many of you , it 's because you want to express your worry , and you have expressed this in multiple ways in the first round of the elections , " he said . "  There have been votes in this very neighborhood that went to the National Front . We have the responsibility to unite , to reconcile . I do n't want a France that is divided . " The two rivals traded insults earlier this week in the only televised head-to-head debate of the campaign . Sarkozy labeled Hollande a liar and a "  little slanderer " while Hollande accused the president of shirking his responsibilities , cronyism and favoring the privileged over France 's poor . Sarkozy has defended his economic record , despite low growth and unemployment at close to 10 % , saying the impact of Europe 's debt crisis could have been far worse . Both candidates have been working hard to reach out to France 's undecided voters in the two weeks since the first-round vote on April 22 left them the only two still in the race . Centrist Francois Bayrou , who took 9 % of the first round vote , delivered a boost to Hollande 's campaign Thursday when he said he would vote for the Socialist , and urged his supporters to vote according to their conscience . Le Pen , who said she would cast a blank vote on Sunday , declined to endorse either candidate . Under French election law , no opinion polls or partial results can be published before the polls close at 8 p.m. local time  2 p.m. ET  Sunday . If elected , Hollande would be France 's first left-wing president since Francois Mitterrand left office in 1995 . Sarkozy has been president since 2007 . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	President Nicolas Sarkozy and challenger Francois Hollande compete in a runoff The pair wrapped up their election campaigns Friday Sarkozy : "  I am president of France . I must speak to the French , no matter who they are " Hollande : "  We have the responsibility to unite , to reconcile "
Mojave , California  CNN  -- Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson on Monday unveiled the winged rocket his company developed to give paying customers a brief taste of space . The 300 people who have given Branson 's Virgin Galactic $ 20,000 deposits toward the $ 200,000 space-ride tickets were invited see SpaceShipTwo in its Mojave , California , hangar . CNN was given an early peek . The first flight in 2011 -- after 18 months of testing -- will launch from a spaceport under construction in New Mexico , Branson said . Another aircraft will carry the 60-foot-long SpaceShipTwo to 60,000 feet above the Earth , where "  they will drop away and they will then go to 2,000 miles per hour in 10 seconds , where they get propelled into space , " Branson said . Its hybrid rocket motor -- still under development -- will reach a suborbital altitude high enough to reach the edges of space and weightlessness , according to Branson . "  Once in space , -LSB- passengers -RSB- will unbuckle their seats , " he said . "  There are enormous windows , which no spacecraft has had before , for them to look back at the Earth . They can float around and become astronauts . " The cabin , which seats six paying passengers , is 90 inches -- nearly 8 feet -- in diameter , which provides "  lots of room for zero-G fun , " Branson 's Web site said . The first voyage will carry Branson , his wife , mother and children , the entrepreneur said . "  Actually , that 's my mum on the side -- a younger version of my mum on the side of the spaceship , " he said . After just a few minutes of space tourism , SpaceShipTwo will glide back to Earth , landing where it began the trip in New Mexico , he said . About 80,000 people have placed their names on the waiting list for seats on SpaceShipTwo and its successors . "  What we want to be able to do is bring space travel down to a price range where hundreds of thousands of people would be able to experience space , and they never dreamed that -LSB- they -RSB- could , " Branson said . He said he hopes the technology will lead to a new form of Earth travel , jetting people across oceans and continents faster through suborbital routes . "  We would love at some stage , obviously subject to government approval , to take the engineers and start looking at shrinking the world , " Branson said . The spacecraft was based on the technology and carbon-composite construction developed for SpaceShipOne , which won the Ansari X Prize in 2004 for the first privately funded human flight to the edge of space . The reusable spacecraft is a joint effort by aviation designer Burt Rutan 's Scaled Composites and Virgin Galactic , a space tourism venture that is a subsidiary of Branson 's Virgin Group .	Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson unveils spacecraft Media and prospective space-ride tourists get a peek at SpaceShipTwo Virgin Galactic has deposits from 300 people toward $ 200,000 tickets Branson says the first flight into space will launch in 2011 in New Mexico
