A series of bomb blasts across Iraq on Monday killed at least 42 people and wounded more than 257 others , police said . The attacks took place in at least six provinces : Baghdad , Anbar , Babel , Kirkuk , Salaheddin Diyala , and Nasriya , police officials across the country told CNN . Two of the bombs exploded at a checkpoint near Baghdad 's international airport . Most of the attacks in Baghdad targeted Shiite areas , police told CNN . Al Qaeda in Iraq , made up of Sunni extremists , has claimed responsibility for many attacks in recent months . Attacks elsewhere hit security checkpoints , Shiite areas and political offices . With provincial elections scheduled to take place in five days , ongoing attacks have politicians worried that violence could skew the outcome , if Iraqis who fear attacks on polling centers stay at home .	Toll in attacks rises to at least 42 killed , more than 257 wounded Attackers hit targets in at least six provinces Shiite neighborhoods , police checkpoints , political offices are among the targets Politicians fear violence will keep voters at home in this week 's elections
CNN  -- An explosion Wednesday afternoon rocked a parking lot at a crowded plaza in Nigeria 's capital , killing 21 people and injuring 52 others , authorities said . The blast happened about 4 p.m. in Abuja 's "  ever-busy Emab Plaza ... at the peak of business , " said Ezekiel Manzo , spokesman for Nigeria 's National Emergency Management Agency . About 40 vehicles were destroyed , in addition to the human toll , he said . In a news release posted online , the Nigerian national police force said the injured were being treated at five hospitals . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the attack . Ibrahim Abdullahi told CNN he was in a nearby office when he heard a "  loud and terrifying sound . " "  When I looked from the window of my office , I saw thick , black smoke envelope the sky , " Abdullahi said . "  I could see the raging fire from the blast . " Olumide Sanya said the blast shook the nearby building that he was in . "  Windows , doors were shattered . " The area was evacuated and security personnel managed to take control of the scene , according to Manzo . This was the first part of a wider effort to beef up security around Abuja . The national police 's inspector general ordered stepped-up security and surveillance around the capital as part of efforts "  to improve overall public safety . " "  Authorities  call on the members of the public to remain vigilant and to stay away from scenes of explosion  s  so as not to fall victim in a likely case of  a  secondary blast , " police said . Nigeria has seen significant violence -- most of it centered in northern parts of that African nation and blamed on Boko Haram , an Islamist militant group with a stated aim of imposing strict Sharia law across the country . This includes an attack earlier this month in the Borno state village of Kummabza in which militants killed 30 males and abducted 60 females , some of them girls between the ages of 3 and 12 . Bomb blast kills 8 at Nigerian medical school Blast at soccer viewing center kills men , young boys CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : 52 others injured , police say NEW : Authorities step up security , surveillance around Abuja after blast The explosion happened around 4 p.m. at Emab Plaza in Abuja 's Wuse II business district
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- If you have n't heard the audio clip of high school football coach Shawn Abel going off , you need to take two minutes out of your life to do so . It is classic . Dude is yelling and screaming and you can hear stuff being banged around , and I do n't believe any actor outside of maybe Samuel L. Jackson could come close to re-enacting the level of passion that is wrapped around each curse word that comes flying out of this man 's mouth . It is ^ % $ ^ & !! unbelievable . But based on that clip -- and the fact Abel is smart enough to teach A.P. precalculus -- if my son played football at Collierville , I would be perfectly fine with him having Abel as his coach . Unfortunately Coach Abel resigned this week because , well , this audio clip exists . Some of the players secretly recorded Abel 's pregame speech , and one of them posted it on YouTube . The actions of the players make me more upset than Abel 's rant . Coach was ticked because they were n't playing together as a team . What kind of player leaks his coach 's speech to the press ? A selfish one , thus proving his point . While I 'm sure it was uncomfortable for some of the players to sit through , I did n't hear anything that was offensive . He cursed , he yelled . Big deal . It 's football , not Sesame Street . If this is his only offense , the community should rally around the coach , encourage him to come back and tell the high school players to toughen up . They should not punish a man who has poured 25 years of his life into the community or someone who cares so much he talks about being a Collierville Dragon with pride . Obviously if he 's been a teacher at the school for this many years , he clearly understands the difference between the field and the classroom , otherwise he would have been fired for going the ^ % ^ % * off years ago . There is certainly language that I think is unacceptable under any circumstances , but I did n't hear any of that on the clip . He did n't use any slurs ; he did n't threaten a player 's safety ; he did n't call the players anything other than apathetic and selfish . In some ways , it was one of the most respectful undressings I 've ever heard . Since the story broke , there 's been a Facebook page established to show support . I 've also seen anonymous quotes from Collierville players characterizing Abel as a "  psycho " and noting that was n't his first rant . And I 'm sure it was n't , given they had lost four of five games and need to win Friday to make the playoffs . But funny , I did n't see any quotes that denied Abel 's assessment of the team 's playing or their commitment to hard work . It was as if the players knew they were n't playing up to their potential . They just did n't like the way the coach said it . And having been around sports my entire adult life , I can tell you a lot of athletes -- on every level -- do not like it when a coach points out their faults . There is a line , but Abel did n't cross it . There are some places in life where boo boos are met with a hug . The locker room is not one of them . Near my home there is a gymnastics school , and plastered on the wall facing the highway it reads "  Every child is a champion . " Each time I drive by , I just want to pull over , run inside and tell the kids the truth . "  Little Johnny , Little David , Mitch ... these people are lying to you -- only one of you can be a champion . They do n't hand out three gold medals ... See you later . " We are so obsessed with shielding kids from disappointment and discomfort that they have no idea how to deal with life when they leave the nest . That 's not parenting , that 's crippling . Abel 's speech may have been shocking , but it may also have been the best thing to have happened to a kid in that locker room because it placed him in a highly stressful , highly confrontational situation , and the kid learned he can handle it . I can hear parents now saying , "  But this is just high school , " to which I say , yes it is , and Abel was trying to teach his players something . I hope they reinstate him as coach so he can finish the lesson . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	A high school football coach was secretly recorded chewing out his players for losing LZ Granderson says the coach resorted to shouting and obscenities The coach was trying to teach his team an important life lesson , Granderson says Granderson : Adults who shelter children from reality are n't doing them any favors
CNN  -- In the 1990s , a professor at a medical university in Stockholm decided to test his students ' knowledge about the progress of global development . He was staggered to discover the class , some of the brightest people in Sweden , scored fewer than two out of five on average . Chimpanzees randomly choosing answers would likely have done better , scoring half right . That academic was Hans Rosling , Professor of Global Health at the Karolinska Institutet and a medical doctor who had carried out decades of research in Africa , discovering the complexities of the continent  and a new disease  along the way . His work in Africa had resulted in "  an enormous intellectual irritation that we lumped countries as different as Brazil and Mozambique together under the label ` the developing world ' . " Rosling has been on a mission to inform since the realization that his students -- and his fellow professors -- were somewhat woefully informed about the state of the world . Today CNN publishes Rosling 's latest survey of the United States which shows Americans , like most of the world , are far behind the reality in their understanding of world development but ahead of some -- for example , Swedes . He wants to challenge the preconceptions we all have about the state of progress in the world , hoping that if we recognize our ignorance we can see what has been achieved and tackle the outstanding problems . In 2005 , he co-founded the Gapminder Foundation , which aims to "  promote a fact-based world view . " The following year , Rosling spoke at a conference run by TED -- the non profit organization "  devoted to ideas worth spreading . " "  The problem for me was not ignorance , " he told the audience , "  it was preconceived ideas . " Rosling 's striking data presentation , showcasing software developed by Gapminder , has since been viewed more than six million times through TED , which describes him as a "  data visionary . " You can watch the video here or to the left of this text . In May 2012 , TIME magazine named Rosling one of the "  World 's 100 Most Influential People . " Describing Rosling for the TIME list , Harvard social scientist Nicholas A. Christakis said he was "  in the vanguard of a critically important activity : advancing the public understanding of science . " Now Rosling , and Gapminder , are testing that public understanding , this year conducting web-based "  Ignorance surveys " -- in Sweden and Britain , and , most recently , the United States . Want to test your knowledge ? Then click on the image at the top of this article to complete the same survey and compare how you did to the U.S. respondents . Click here for the U.S. results on Gapminder.org How did you go ? Was your global perception spot on ? Or did you display a lack of understanding of the progress in education , health and fertility reduction and income inequality in the world ? More importantly , what was it that led to your choices ? If your answers were correct , were they based on factual knowledge ? Or did you follow the example of chimpanzees and guess randomly ? Is it possible that you were informed by the "  toxic combination of arrogance and ignorance " Rosling believes is often displayed by western Europeans and North Americans -- the "  Old West . " As a university lecturer , he saw that his students had "  a very old view of the world . " "  There was constant discussion of the world in terms of ` we and they ' , " he said . Rosling realized the concept of "  developed " and "  developing " countries was hindering understanding of the emerging world , giving an impression of remaining homogeneity of a so-called "  developing world " . The terms did not describe "  the enormous difference between Brazil and Somalia , Malaysia and Afghanistan . " Rosling 's corporate audiences also failed to understand the characteristics of each country : "  They had a sort of regional concept of the world that said ` South East Asia is like this , Latin America is like that , the Middle East is like that ' , " he said . "  We have the United Arab Emirates and Yemen bordering ... Barbados and Haiti -- Barbados can compete with the United States on child mortality . "  There 's no homogeneity between Finland and Greece but between Greece and Chile , there 's no major difference , " he said . "  I think that it 's the failure to grasp that the new emerging world has countries on each and every level that makes people fail so badly on the world test . " Read more : Why ` developing vs. developed ' world is now meaningless The world was easier to explain 50 years ago , Rosling says . "  Once a third of the population was living separated from the rest at the rich end -- they called themselves Western . " While too many people were still living with the misery of poverty , he said the new reality was that there was a continuous variation of socioeconomic levels . "  As late as the late 1970s it was still a camel with two humps ... today the camel is dead -- it has been replaced by a dromedary with one hump , " he said . "  I used to say you ca n't divide the population of London into clever and stupid , " Rosling said . "  The vast majority is in the middle -- that 's how the world is today . " "  When we ask about literacy rates in the world , when we ask about life expectancy , the percentage of children vaccinated ... people think about Pakistan , Afghanistan , Somalia -- the worst-off cases -- and then they extrapolate to the rest of what they still think is a developing world . "  They understand there is a huge disparity between the richest and the poorest but then they think there is a big hump in the poor and sick end -- that 's not the case anymore , " he said . Social progress And Rosling says it 's a mistake to assume a country 's economic position matches its social development . "  Today the social dimension of life progresses much , much , faster than the economic , " he said . "  Vietnam today has the same life expectancy , the same disease burden , as the U.S. had in 1980 -- they 're only 30 years behind . But economically they correspond to the U.S. in 1880 -- they are still 130 years behind economically , " he said . "  It means today , countries get healthy before they get rich . People 's skill are ahead of their economy . " Rosling said that for him the most surprising lack of knowledge demonstrated in the quiz was on the measles vaccination . Just 17 % of the U.S. respondents chose the correct answer -- 80 % of the world 's children are vaccinated by their first birthday . Forty-four per cent wrongly guessed a fifth of children and 39 % said half . "  That to me was absolutely astonishing because it is the most solid and stable success of the world . Now we vaccinate 4 out of 5 children , " said Rosling . "  It 's a beautiful example of global collaboration , life saving technology , the flagship of aid , awareness among governments and parents in even the poorest countries -- and it 's not known . " China and India Rosling says his experience suggests that the CEO 's of the world 's biggest companies have the most fact-based knowledge , seeking for example to move research and development to India and China and competing for the skilled workforce , wherever they were born and trained . The two countries , 25 years ago known for cheap goods produced by low paid workers , were now competing at engineering level , he said "  and that professional skill is also happening faster than the economic growth . " " -LSB- Their engineers -RSB- are much , much more competent than their income suggests . " Rosling pointed to last week 's results from the OECD 's measure of school achievement , the "  PISA " tests . Sweden , he said had fallen in maths more than any other country . "  The shining star in the world is Shanghai , " he said . "  That 's what CEOs from big companies say -- ` if I want mathematical analytical work done , it 's done in China ' . " Rosling warned however that it would be a mistake to assume that poverty was no longer an issue , and that while income inequality between countries had decreased , inside most nations it had widened . "  There is still a severe and scary amount of extreme poverty in rural parts of India , Pakistan , Afghanistan , Burma and sub-Saharan Africa , " he said . Predicting the wants of middle income countries is comparatively easy he says -- they are things such as education , hot and cold water , refrigeration and transport , in short modern homes and lives . "  But how fast extreme poverty will leave Afghanistan , northern Nigeria -- that 's difficult to predict , but it will . If it does n't , the world as a whole will have a major problem -- it wo n't function with collapsed areas . To me it seems easier to end it fast instead of slowly , as the population keeps growing so fast in the poorest communities . " Rosling describes his role at Gapminder as "  Edutainer , " and says he aims to convey deadly serious facts with humour -- and compete with tabloids maintaining content worthy of the Swedish Academy of Science , of which he is a member . The Ignorance survey is one way of encouraging people to adopt a fact-based view of the world . "  We see that this as the theoretical part of a driving license , " he said . "  It tells you how to drive , not where to drive . "  It is the structure in which you can put more detailed knowledge of the world . It 's a shelf . " The U.S. survey was the third of its kind undertaken by the Gapminder Foundation , a non-profit organization with the stated aim of "  fighting devastating ignorance with fact-based world views everyone can understand . Gapminder put 10 questions to 1015 online respondents in November 2013 . Those surveyed were based across the U.S. , aged 18 and above and had educations ranging from less than high school qualification to doctorates . Gapminder have done the surveys in close collaboration with Swedish survey company , Novus Group International AB .	Hans Rosling is a medical doctor and lecturer who spent decades working in Africa He became irritated that "  developing world " was applied to hugely different nations Testing his students at a Stockholm university he found they had preconceived ideas He co-founded Gapminder Foundation , which promotes a fact-based world view
CNN  -- Birds do it . Bees do it . But giant pandas may need a little help . So , Saturday morning , a team of scientists and veterinarians artificially inseminated the Smithsonian National Zoo 's female giant panda Mei Xiang , after determining that she and her male consort Tian Tian had "  no competent breeding " overnight , according to a statement from the National Zoo . Time was of the essence after scientists detected an increase in Mei Xiang 's urinary estrogens on Tuesday . That , combined with the panda 's recent behavior , convinced the scientists she was ready to breed . "  We are hopeful that our breeding efforts will be successful this year , and we 're encouraged by all the behaviors and hormonal data we 've seen so far , " said Dave Wildt , head of the Center for Species Survival at the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute . "  We have an extremely small window of opportunity to perform the procedures , which is why we monitor behavior and hormones so closely . " Mei Xiang was put under general anesthesia for the artificial insemination and was expected to undergo a second procedure later Saturday . During the artificial insemination , the team of scientists and veterinarians used a combination of fresh semen collected from Tian Tian early this morning and frozen semen collected from Tian Tian in 2003 , the zoo said . The pandas have one surviving cub , Tai Shan , who was born July 9 , 2005 , and now lives in China . Mei Xiang gave birth to a female cub on September 16 , 2012 . But she died one week later due to lung and liver damage . Both cubs were born as the results of artificial inseminations . The zoo said it will provide further updates on both Facebook and Twitter , with the hashtag #Panda AI .	The Smithsonian National Zoo is trying to get its female giant panda pregnant Mei Xiang was artificially inseminated after her male partner did n't impregnate her The panda pair have one living offspring ; their other baby died last year soon after birth
CNN  -- A single mother of six , Cherelle Wright brought her 3-month-old daughter to be immunized at Community Advanced Practice Nurses , one free clinic offering medical care to Atlanta 's disadvantaged . "  Since I am unemployed at the moment and was in between having Medicaid insurance , I found out about this place  and  I was able to get all the immunizations that my children needed , " she says . "  It 's a great opportunity to have health care when you are not able to afford it . " With the advent of Obamacare , the health market is changing . Connie Buchanan , CAPN director , has wondered how the Affordable Care Act would change the clinic 's mission . "  I ask  clients  every day if they will be signing up for Obamacare and they look at me with a blank stare , " she says . She explains that Atlanta 's economically disadvantaged , who make up an overwhelming majority of her clients , do not know much about the ACA . Most are extremely isolated from current events . Few own televisions and even fewer have Internet access . Because of that , she expects most of her clients to stay with the clinic . However , she worries about its future and the potential for dwindling donations . Most nonprofit donors assume low-income populations will register for Obamacare en masse , so donations are n't necessary . However , many may not qualify for Obamacare . As a result , many free-care providers -- which have been , and still are , the cornerstone of health care services for the indigent -- face an uncertain future . "  When the Affordable Care Act passed in 2010 , there was an immediate assumption that no one is going to need the free clinic , " says Donna E. Looper , executive director of the Georgia Charitable Care Network . Looper has had to work hard to educate her donors on popular misconceptions about Obamacare . Her first task was to clarify that having an insurance card was not a panacea that made the services offered by her nonprofits redundant . Even patients with Medicaid still look to free clinics to fill the gaps for services like dental care . Georgia is one of the states that refused the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare . So people fall in the gap -- those who do n't qualify for Medicaid or Obamacare . Meanwhile , the number of patients attending free clinics has not decreased , staying the same or even rising . Those who make too much to qualify for support and too little to afford care are left in a coverage gray area . According to Looper , this group is now flocking to free clinics . It 's a trend seen elsewhere as well . "  Regardless of a Medicaid expansion ... we will still have more uninsured people in Virginia than the free clinics currently serve , " says Linda D. Wilkinson , CEO of the Virginia Association of Free Clinics . In Virginia , free clinics served 75,000 people in 2012 , Wilkinson says . She expects that 280,000 individuals will remain uninsured , even with Medicaid expansion . Arlington Free Clinic , the largest provider of its kind in Wilkinson 's region , serves 1,700 of Arlington 's working poor each year . In Chicago , "  Even with all of the great expectation and positive feelings ... there will still be well over half a million residents of Cook County five years from now who will not have benefited from the Affordable Care Act for a number of reasons , " says Judith Haasis , executive director of CommunityHealth Chicago , the largest free medical clinic in Illinois . In 2013 alone , her clinic served 11,500 unique patients . Many of those return multiple times , totaling an average of 30,000 visits . "  It is really difficult and often emotional for  health care providers  as they hear from our patients who are desperately asking if they can stay here , " Haasis says . Her group continues working with patients until they are fully enrolled and have found a new medical home . As a result , the clinic remains in a state of flux as it transitions out the eligible patients to other service providers while making room for those who are left with no options . As many as 29 million documented and undocumented people are still without access to health insurance , Nicole Lamoureux , executive director of the National Association of Free Clinics , testified last February before the House Ways and Means Committee . This figure includes those who are eligible for Medicaid but reside in states which choose not to expand their programs . Many people do not realize that since the 1960s , about 1,200 free and charitable clinics nationwide have been filling in the gaps for those who fall through the cracks , Lamoureux told lawmakers . Back in Georgia , Deloris Baker , a single mom with two kids , has been coming to CAPN for the last five years . She says her 6 - and 9-year-old sons receive the best care there . The children qualify for Medicaid , she says , but she is still awaiting approval . During the application process , she was told she herself did not qualify . Baker is not looking forward to any changes that ACA may bring . "  Everything I have heard has been negative  and  I do n't think it 's a good plan , " she says . Meanwhile , 19-year-old Paris Patterson , who is homeless with no source of income , is staying at Covenant House , an organization that cares for homeless youth . She had nowhere else to go , she says . Patterson receives medical care at CAPN . "  Right now my eyes are terrible . My stress is causing pain in my body , " she says . "  It 's hard to get back on my feet when I am sick . " Confusion over Obamacare has created ample work for Amanda Ptashkin , outreach and advocacy director at Georgians for a Healthy Future , a nonprofit group aimed at providing "  a strong voice for Georgia consumers and communities on the health care issues and decisions that impact their lives , " according to its website . Ptashkin 's job is to travel around the state and translate exactly what ACA means for individuals . The hardest questions she faces come from those who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid and not enough to qualify for Obamacare . "  It is difficult for them to fully understand that  Medicaid expansion  is a state decision and unless it changes , unfortunately , they are not going to have a coverage option , " she says . Ptashkin consistently finds herself recommending providers like CAPN as the best option for this group . CAPN and other clinics remain dedicated to working with their patients regardless of Obamacare 's impact . "  Because of the clinic , I have one less thing to worry about , " Baker says . Follow Meron Moges-Gerbi on Twitter @MeronCNN .	Free clinics worry that donors will dry up because of Obamacare Many make too much to qualify for Medicaid and not enough to get coverage Even Medicaid patients look to the clinics to fill gaps in care
CNN  -- Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone has backed Red Bull 's world champion Sebastian Vettel to match the achievements of fellow German driver Michael Schumacher . Vettel , 23 , claimed his maiden title during a dramatic final grand prix of the 2010 season in Abu Dhabi , while the 42-year-old Schumacher claimed seven titles between 1994 and 2004 . Ecclestone , 80 , said the competition faced by Vettel is much tougher than when Schumacher -- who now races for Mercedes -- was so dominant for Ferrari . "  The competition Sebastian is facing is much bigger than that confronted by Michael , " Ecclestone told Formula One 's official web site . "  That makes Seb 's wins even more noteworthy . I do n't see a reason why there should n't be a Red Bull era just as Ferrari had theirs with Michael . " Red Bull claimed the constructors ' title in 2010 to complete a clean-sweep of the sport 's top honors , and the British-based Austrian marque have been equally successful in 2011 with Vettel winning six of the season 's opening eight races . Far from making the sport less appealing , Ecclestone is confident that Vettel 's current supremacy increases fans ' interest in the elite division of motorsport . "  Sebastian is in a similar position as Michael . Sebastian is the best right now and that 's why he is dominating , and that 's what makes it so interesting for the fans , " Ecclestone said . "  Every race weekend starts with a big question mark -- who will be able to beat Vettel ? That 's why fans tune in . " Vettel , who also became Formula One 's youngest champion with his 2010 success , extended his contract with Red Bull until 2014 in March this year , but had previously been linked with a switch to Italian outfit Ferrari . Vettel , who started his career at Sauber in 2006 before joining Toro Rosso in July 2007 , said he admired the proud history of teams like Ferrari and Mercedes , but he insisted he was happy with Red Bull . "  I feel completely happy at Red Bull . Of course Ferrari and Mercedes do come with a huge legend , but I am not into myth right now . What 's important for me is that when I come from the track and look in the mirror in my hotel room I want to be able to say , ` Yes , that 's me and I am satisfied with what I see . ' "  After Abu Dhabi it feels good to know that I do n't have anything to prove to myself anymore . " Schumacher returned to racing with Mercedes at the beginning of the 2010 campaign , having originally retired from Formula One in 2006 . The veteran driver has struggled for form since making his surprise comeback , with his recent fourth placing at the rain-affected Canadian Grand Prix a rare highlight . The 2011 season continues with the British Grand Prix at Silverstone on July 10 , a race won last year by Vettel 's Red Bull teammate Mark Webber .	Bernie Ecclestone believes Sebastian Vettel can match Michael Schumacher 's record F1 supremo also claims that Vettel faces tougher competition in the paddock World champion Vettel leads the Formula One drivers ' standings after eight races Schumacher won seven world titles before retiring in 2006 and returning last year
CNN  -- My political friends on the right always talk about small government , being fiscally responsible , and not burdening our children with a massive debt . OK , no problem . So , I need a Republican in Missouri , or anywhere else , to explain to me why the state is holding a GOP primary Tuesday that will cost taxpayers more than $ 7 million and will have no effect whatsoever on the delegates chosen by the party in the GOP presidential race . When Republicans in Missouri head to the polls , they are voting in what is called a nonbinding primary . That means no matter who wins the popular vote , it will not determine who wins the state 's 52 delegates -- three of whom are unpledged Republican National Committee delegates . On March 17 , Missouri Republicans will caucus in counties to elect congressional district and state convention delegates . Then on April 21 , they will select 24 of the state 's 52 delegates and award them to presidential candidates . And then on June 2 , the Missouri GOP will meet in a statewide convention to choose the remaining delegates . That means today 's vote is a waste . Missouri state officials need to tell the state GOP that if they want a primary , they should pay for it themselves . Missouri is called the Show Me State . Do they want to me to show them a great example of the government wasting taxpayers ' money ? Look no further than today 's GOP nonbinding primary . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Missouri 's nonbinding primary has no effect on choosing delegates Voting costs the state 's taxpayers more than $ 7 million , Martin writes Martin : GOP objects to wasting taxpayers ' dollars , so why support this vote ? Missouri should require state GOP to pay for this nonbinding primary , he says
Tokyo  CNN  -- Journalists got their first ground-level glance Saturday around Japan 's stricken Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility -- eying shells of reactor buildings , tons of contaminated water and workers scurrying still to mitigate damage from a crisis that began eight months ago . An epic 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami March 11 wreaked havoc around Japan , killing more than 15,000 people . While many of those died instantly , the East Asian nation was on edge for weeks as utility and government employees scrambled to prevent a worsening nuclear catastrophe at the Daiichi plant , located about 150 miles  240 kilometers  north of Tokyo . Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency eventually categorized the accident as a level-7 event on the international scale for nuclear disasters -- the highest level -- putting it on par with the 1986 Chernobyl disaster . It took months , but the Tokyo Electric Power Company  the plant 's operator  eventually indicated that its workers were gaining control in the crisis . Throughout the summer and fall , there were no longer reports of explosions , nor stories about new leaks of radioactive material into the ground and sea . But the facility still remained off-limits to reporters and , for a 20-kilometer radius around the plant , to the general public due to the continued high levels of radiation and ongoing efforts to prevent yet more blasts and leaks . That temporarily changed Saturday , when about three dozen journalists traveled by bus through abandoned towns en route to the nuclear facility . They passed , for instance , withered plants at an abandoned nursery , a shattered car dealership and a gas station that had been taken over by crows . Radiation readings rose steadily as they neared the plant , including 6.7 microsieverts in Okuma . There , those on board put on respirator masks , adding to an ensemble of a protective suit , two pairs of gloves , two sets of plastic booties over their shoes and a radiation detector . At the plant 's gate , the radiation reading was 20 microsieverts . The reading is still well below the threshold to mandate an immediate health risk -- 1,000 microsieverts equals 1 millisievert , and South Carolina-based medical physicist G. Donald Frey previously told CNN that radiation workers in the U.S. typically aim to be exposed to less than 5 millisieverts per year . Yet it was the cumulative effect that has prompted the continued evacuations of thousands around the Fukushima Daiichi facility . A half-dozen large cranes dominated the skyline inside the gates , while the grounds were pockmarked with vessels containing what the Tokyo Electric Power Company has said is 90,000 tons of water laced with radiation . They were visible in tanks that filled a field , as well as dozens of large , four-story tall silver tanks filled with tainted seawater . U.S. , French and Japanese flags hung near a water decontamination facility , which appeared as a cluster of white tents surrounded by black sand bags . The presence of toxins did n't appear to prevent pine trees from standing , and seemingly thriving , all around the facility . Last spring was marked by regular reports of explosions , leaks and other problems at the plant . Those accounts , and radiation readings , in June led Japan 's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters to confirm that three reactors -- Nos. 1 , 2 and 3 -- had experienced full meltdowns . A meltdown is a catastrophic failure of the reactor core , with a potential for widespread radiation release . The damage became starkly evident the closer one got to the heart of the nuclear facility . From afar , a new structure surrounded the No. 1 reactor building , which had lost its roof due to a massive hydrogen explosion related to overheating the day after the quake . No. 2 appeared to be intact , painted blue and white , despite a reported hydrogen detonation on March 15 . The No. 3 building , meanwhile , had been diminished to a skeletal concrete frame and large pile of rubble , which crews were cleaning up with cranes ahead of it being covered by its own structure . And the No. 4 building -- whose reactor was inactive at the time of the tsunami -- also had significant damage , with one side entirely blown out , exposing the nuclear spent fuel pool . Crumpled trucks and cars , twisted metal , a gutted office building and a huge dented storage tank were visible at the base of the reactor buildings , where radiation readings stood at 1,000 microsieverts  or 1 millisievert  per hour . Some of the debris resembled what swept up elsewhere in Japan by the tsunami , while others -- like three white cars , with Tokyo Electric markings -- were more distinct to the facility . Around the plant , crows and dragonflies fluttered in the disarray . So , too , did scores of the 3,200 workers that Tokyo Electric says usually work daily at the plant . They included workers building water tanks , operating cranes , entering buildings used to store highly radioactive waste , and manning the facility 's tightly contained disaster center . The challenges notwithstanding , Tokyo Electric spokesman Tetsuya Terasawa insisted vast progress has been made in recent months . He said that temperatures at the three most damaged reactors  Nos. 1 , 2 and 3  were below 100 degrees Celsius , or the boiling point , a critical measure . All elements of the nuclear cooling system were perched on grounds 30 meters above the reactors , well out of the reach of any future tsunami , according to Terasawa . Addressing Fukushima Daiichi workers , Goshi Hosono -- the Japanese government 's nuclear crisis manager -- said he feels relieved that the facility is becoming increasingly stable . "  Every time I come back , I feel conditions have improved . This is due to your hard work , " Hosono said . The decommissions of Fukushima Daiichi 's first four reactors will likely take more than 30 years to complete , according to a draft report released late last month by Japan 's Atomic Energy Commission . The report indicated that nuclear fuel should begin to be removed by the end of 2021 -- a key , but hardly the last phase in a clean-up effort that is expected to continue for another two decades beyond that . Masao Yoshida , the man in charge of the plant , said that all the reactors have stabilized and predicted that Tokyo Electric was on track to have a cold shutdown by year 's end . But he conceded that the danger is still far from over -- especially for the thousands still toiling to bring this nuclear nightmare to an end . "  Even saying it 's stabilized does n't mean that it is extremely safe , " said Yoshida . "  When working , the radiation remains high . So when it comes to working every day , there is still danger . "	Journalists have n't been to the Fukushima Daiichi plant since the March 11 quake About 3 dozen traveled there by bus Saturday , seeing the damage and recovery firsthand A Japanese official says , "  I feel conditions have improved " The plant 's chief says a cold shutdown is likely , though it 's still dangerous for workers
CNN  -- NASA plans to capture an asteroid and start sending astronauts aloft again by 2017 , even with a tighter budget , the U.S. space agency announced Wednesday . The Obama administration is asking Congress for just over $ 17.7 billion in 2014 , down a little more than 1 % from the nearly $ 17.9 billion currently devoted to space exploration , aeronautics and other science . The request includes $ 105 million to boost the study of asteroids , both to reduce the risk of one hitting Earth and to start planning for a mission to "  identify , capture , redirect , and sample " a small one . The plan is to send an unmanned probe out to seize the asteroid and tow it into orbit around the moon , where astronauts would study it . "  This mission allows us to better develop our technology and systems to explore farther than we ever have before ... to places humanity has dreamed of for as long as I 've been alive , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden told reporters . The Obama administration has said before that it wants to send astronauts to explore an asteroid by 2025 and to Mars by 2030 . Forget falling stars : NASA plans to catch an asteroid Wednesday 's budget request would include another $ 20 billion to study near-Earth asteroids -- doubling the current spending on that effort . The funding is aimed not only at finding a suitable asteroid to explore , but also at "  protecting the planet , " Bolden said . That concern got new attention after February , when a nearly 150-foot asteroid passed within 18,000 miles of Earth . That one was expected -- but the same day , an unrelated , 45-foot space rock plunged into the atmosphere and exploded high over southwestern Russia , injuring an estimated 1,200 people . White House science adviser John Holdren told a congressional committee in March that as few as 10 % of asteroids more than 150 yards wide -- which he called "  potential city killers " -- have been detected . NASA 's budget request includes $ 822 million for the agency 's Commercial Crew Program , its push to resume U.S. space flights through private companies by 2017 . Bolden called that the "  bottom-line " figure , warning that any cuts would mean delays . NASA has already hired the unmanned SpaceX Dragon to deliver cargo to the International Space Station , though no commercial manned missions are currently under way . While putting money into renewed human space flight efforts , the proposal cuts scientific research , particularly the study of the other planets in our solar system . Planetary science takes a nearly $ 300 million hit compared to 2012 , the last year detailed figures were available . NASA officials defended the cut , saying major projects like the Mars rover Curiosity and the upcoming MAVEN probe to study the Martian upper atmosphere are already past their most expensive phases . "  But of course we 'll be ramping up again as we approach 2020 and the next Mars rover , " said Beth Robinson , the agency 's chief financial officer . Bolden said NASA 's Mars research is the biggest part of the planetary science budget . Read more space news on Light Years	NEW : Asteroid research will help defend Earth , NASA chief says NASA 's $ 17.7 billion budget request is 1 % smaller than current funding It includes $ 105 million on research and plans to capture an asteroid The agency hopes to resume human space missions by 2017
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Officials wielding infrared thermometers are becoming more difficult to avoid at entry points from mainland China as Hong Kong strengthens its defenses against the H7N9 strain of bird flu . Extra measures are being taken this week during an expected surge in visitors across the border for the three-day Labor Day break from Monday to Wednesday . Up to 600 officials will be stationed at border crossings during the holiday , including more than 100 volunteers in addition to government staff , according to Hong Kong 's food and health secretary , Ko Wing-man . "  There will also be promotion and education work done at the borders reminding visitors to stay home or visit a doctor if they are not feeling well , " he added , in response to reporters ' questions on Sunday . Along with extra screening at entry points , tour operators are also being asked to keep an eye on travelers who may be showing symptoms of what the World Health Organization calls "  one of the most lethal influenza viruses " it has ever seen . As of Sunday , the number of bird flu infections had risen to 124 , based on provincial Ministry of Health websites . The figure includes one case in Taiwan , which remains the only recorded infection beyond mainland China . Within the country , the infection has spread to eight provinces and the city of Shanghai , as well as the capital Beijing . Twenty-three people have so far died from the infection . According to the last figures released from the national Ministry of Health on April 24 , 14 people have recovered after treatment . On that day , the ministry switched to weekly updates and the figure has n't been updated since . Health authorities are still investigating the possible sources of infection and how the virus is spread . As recently as Thursday , the WHO repeated that so far there had been no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission . Taiwanese health officials say the territory 's first case was imported by a local businessman who regularly traveled between back and forth between China 's Jiangsu province and Taiwan . To date , 27 cases have been reported in Jiangsu , resulting in four deaths . That 's only the second highest number of provincial cases behind Zhejiang , which has reported 46 cases of infection and six deaths . Wearing a customary white lab coat during a tour of the China 's Center for Disease Control and Prevention on Sunday , Premier Li Keqiang urged officials to be vigilant against bird flu . "  We can not afford to take it easy or relax , as we are facing a new virus . We should be prepared for any possible development , " he said in quotes carried by state-run news agency Xinhua . On Saturday , a mass cull was ordered at a major wholesale poultry market in the city of Dongguan after random testing detected the presence of an H7 strain of bird flu . No birds were showing symptoms , according to a statement from the city 's Bureau of Agriculture . Nor had been there been any cases of human infection , it added . Dongguan is a city in the central province on Guangdong . Hong Kong has said it is prepared to halt the import of live poultry , meat and eggs if the H7N9 virus is found at a mainland poultry farm with export ties to Hong Kong , or if that farm is within 13 kilometers of another that supplies the city . CNN 's Vivian Kam in Hong Kong and Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	Hong Kong officials step up testing at entry points from mainland China Millions of Chinese expected to travel to Hong Kong for Labor Day break Infrared thermometers are used to detect higher temperatures in tourists Number of infection cases in China is 124 , including one in Taiwan
CNN  -- University of Minnesota head football coach Jerry Kill is in stable condition after suffering a seizure on the sideline of a game against New Mexico State on Saturday in Minneapolis , the team doctor said . "  Coach Kill has a history of seizures and he is stable . He has been transported to the hospital and there will be updates thereafter , " said Gophers team doctor Pat Smith . "  He has a history of them since his cancer , which has been well controlled through medications , " Smith said . CNN affiliate WCCO in Minnesota reported that Kill suffered the seizure during the final seconds of the game , which New Mexico State would win , 28-21 . He was taken off the field by emergency responders . "  There is a history of trouble with dehydration and heat seems to kick that up . It was very hot and humid today . We have to do a better job as a medical staff keeping him hydrated , " Smith said .	Gophers coach Jerry Kill suffers a seizure during a game He has a history of seizures , the team doctor says The doctor says dehydration and heat could have played a role
CNN  -- Al Goldstein , the foul-mouthed , cigar-chomping publisher of Screw magazine and pornography pioneer who helped move raunch into mainstream American life , died Thursday in New York . He was 77 . He is believed to have died of renal failure at a nursing home in Brooklyn , said his lawyer , Charles DeStefano . Throughout his life , Goldstein fought to push the porn trade into mainstream acceptance by challenging the legal barriers against pornography under the First Amendment . In 1968 , he published Screw magazine , a smutty , offbeat publication full of political satire , DeStefano said . The magazine caused an national uproar in 1973 when it printed nude photos of former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis . The issue sold more than 500,000 copies . Goldstein loathed authority and once published a doctored photo of a district attorney who was prosecuting a case against him along with the judge in the case . The pair was depicted in a sexually explicit manner even as the trial was ongoing , DeStefano said . In 1984 , Goldstein appeared before a congressional hearing on pornography . The late Sen. Arlen Specter  R-Pennsylvania  asked Goldstein whether it was the business of the state to stop pornographic pictures if those images caused the molestation of a child . "  I applaud your concern , " Goldstein responded . "  But 51,000 people died in car accidents last year . Alcohol contributed to that . Are you going stop the manufacture of automobiles or the cessation of the sale of liquor ? What you 're going to do is monitor -LSB- the sale -RSB- of liquor to minors . If somebody misuses something -- whether a knife or a car or pornography -- there are laws on the books to satisfy those concerns ... But to deny those of us who handle it as an integrated part of our life is such a contradiction of the First Amendment and what we stand for that it 's horrendous and repugnant to me . " For 30 years , Goldstein hosted his nude late-night talk show "  Midnight Blue . " He had been described variously as arrogant , angry , gaudy and irreverent . He flipped the bird every chance he got . In fact , the back yard of his former Florida mansion was once adorned with an 11-foot statue of an extended middle finger . The Brooklyn-born publisher lived life in extremes . He once enjoyed a lavish lifestyle , owned multiple properties and hobnobbed with celebrities , DeStefano said . In his later years , he lost practically everything and ended up homeless in New York . Goldstein was sentenced to 60 days in jail in 2002 for threatening a former employee and leaving obscene messages on her answering machine . In 2003 , his business went bankrupt and he was later forced to sell an estate . At one point , Goldstein was working at a greeter at a deli while sleeping in a backroom , said DeStefano , also a longtime friend . The beginning of the end for Goldstein was a hip fracture two years ago , his lawyer said . He was obese and suffered from diabetes and mental health issues , according to DeStefano . "  He should be remembered as a man who had the guts to get in the face of his enemies , " DeStefano said . "  He was fearless . " People we 've lost in 2013	Porn king Al Goldstein dies at age 77 of apparent renal failure He published Screw magazine and pushed pornography into mainstream America Goldstein once lived a lavish lifestyle before finances , health took downturn
Americans are generally excited about the new technology they expect to see in their lifetimes . But when confronted with some advances that already appear possible -- from skies filled with drones to meat made in a lab -- they get nervous . Those are the findings in a report released Thursday by the Pew Research Center , which sought to gauge public opinion about our rapidly changing world of science and tech . "  The American public anticipates that the coming half-century will be a period of profound scientific change , as inventions that were once confined to the realm of science fiction come into common usage , " reads the report . Overall , respondents to Pew 's survey were upbeat about how technology will shape the near future . In the report , 59 % of Americans think tech developments will make life in the next half-century better , while only 30 % said they will make life worse . More than eight out of 10 respondents  81 %  said they think that in the next 50 years , people who need transplants will be able to get them with organs grown in labs . And more than half  51 %  think computers will be able to create art as skillfully as humans do . They 're a little less optimistic about some science-fiction staples , though . Only 39 % think it 's likely scientists will have figured out how to teleport things  or , presumably , people  , 33 % say we 'll have long-term space colonies by 2064 and a mere 19 % expect humans will be able to control the weather . Interestingly , some of the advances that may be closest to becoming reality are the ones survey respondents were most worried about . Nearly two out of three Americans think it would make things worse if U.S. airspace is opened up to personal drones . A similar number dislike the idea of robots being used to care for the sick and elderly , and of parents being able to alter the DNA of their unborn children . Meanwhile , only 37 % of respondents think it will be good if wearable devices or implants allow us to be digitally connected all the time . With the advent of Google Glass and other wearable technology , that may not be such a distant dream . And already , researchers are developing robots to provide elder care , 3D printers are replicating parts of the human body and government regulators are considering allowing nonmilitary drones to legally operate in U.S. airspace . "  In the long run , Americans are optimistic about the impact that scientific developments will have on their lives and the lives of their children -- but they definitely expect to encounter some bumps along the way , " said Aaron Smith , a senior researcher at Pew and the author of the report . "  They are especially concerned about developments that have the potential to upend long-standing social norms around things like personal privacy , surveillance , and the nature of social relationships . " Other responses shined a light on what may be our cautious human nature . While generally excited about future tech , many survey participants were n't so keen on testing out those advances themselves . People were split almost evenly  48 % -50 %  on whether they would ride in a driverless car . But only 26 % said they 'd get a brain implant to improve their memory or intelligence , and a mere 20 % said they 'd try eating meat made in a lab . While they were imagining the future , Pew gave respondents the chance , in their own words , to share the one piece of futuristic technology they 'd most like to own . Some 9 % said they 'd like to be able to time travel . A similar number said they 'd like something that would keep them healthy or extend their lives , 6 % said they wanted a flying car  or bike  , 3 % said they 'd take a teleportation device and a mere 1 % said they want their own jetpack . The report was based on telephone interviews conducted February13-18 with 1,001 adults from all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia .	Survey : Many Americans are wary of futuristic tech advancements Drones , robot nurses and always-on devices concern people But 59 % still think tech developments will make future life better Nearly 1 in 10 say they 'd most like to be able to time travel
CNN  -- At least 50 officers and civilians were feared dead after Bangladeshi paramilitary troops staged a mutiny , taking dozens of high-ranking officers and military brass hostage , the country 's law minister said Thursday . Bangladeshi soldiers take position armed with automatic weapons in Dhaka on Wednesday . As dawn broke , the rebelling troops with the Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  allowed government officials entry into the headquarters in the capital city of Dhaka -- the scene of a day-long standoff Wednesday . The troops agreed to lay down their arms after Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina agreed to offer them amnesty . Ministers went door to door within the compound 's officers ' quarters to assure frightened women and children it was safe to come out . "  Nearly 50 people have been killed in sporadic fighting in the headquarters of Bangladesh Rifles  BDR  , " Mohammad Quamrul Islam , state minister for law and parliamentary affairs told reporters . In addition to military officials and BDR brass , the dead and wounded included passersby , including a rickshaw puller , struck by stray bullets during the gun battle , the Dhaka Medical College Hospital said . CNN was not immediately able to confirm the exact casualty count , with medical officials saying a final number will come after they had a chance to comb through the premises looking for bodies . At around 4:30 a.m.  10:30 p.m. GMT  Thursday , Bangladeshi TV channels broadcast video of Home Minister Sahara Kahtun telling rebelling paramilitary officers in the room that she could assure them the government would listen to their grievances . As she spoke , officers deposited weapons and ammunition onto a table in front of her and into piles on the floor . The video was initially broadcast on state run TV station BTV . Various private networks picked it up soon after . The Rifles is a paramilitary force responsible primarily for guarding the country 's borders . The force , more than 65,000-strong , also takes part in operations such as monitoring polls . The troops staged their rebellion on the second day of BDR Week when officers and troop members from various BDR outposts along the border were in the capital for celebrations . At least 5,000 -- maybe more -- BDR personnel were inside the compound in the Pilkhana area of the capital when the mutiny occurred about 7:45 a.m. local time Wednesday , said Mohammed Sajjad Haider , spokesman for the information ministry . Their mobile phones were turned off , making it difficult for the government to get a handle on the situation , he said . The rebelling troops were low-ranking members of the BDR , akin to infantrymen , who were angry at the way they were treated by their superiors , Haider said . "  They have several demands , " Haider said . "  They want pay parity with the army , they want job security , they want better food rations . " The mutiny is the most serious crisis for Bangladesh 's newly elected government , which came into power in December after two years of army-backed rule . Throughout the day and into the night , curious onlookers gathered outside the compound -- only to scramble for cover as sounds of gunfire periodically pierced the air . Plumes of black smoke coming from inside the compound could be seen for miles throughout the capital . Occasionally , the rebelling troops -- red bandannas covering their faces and guns slung over their shoulders -- walked past the closed gates of the compound , chanting , "  We have been deprived for a long time , we have deep grievances . " "  I 've been hearing gunfire all morning , " said Zunaid Kazi , a San Diego , California , resident who is staying at a house a few blocks from the headquarters . Watch as Kazi describes what he saw and heard " "  There will be a little lull and then the sustained gunfire will pick up again , " he said . "  I can hear military helicopters in the sky . It 's very rattling . "	NEW : Home minister shown assuring rebel officers their grievances would be heard NEW : Ministers go door to door to assure frightened women and children of safety NEW : Dead and wounded include military officials , BDR brass and passersby NEW : Rebelling troops were low-ranking members of BDR , information ministry says
CNN  -- If watching Katherine Heigl 's romantic comedies made you want to swear off movies , you 've got company : the actress herself . The former "  Grey 's Anatomy " star , who went from "  27 Dresses " to "  The Ugly Truth " to "  Life as We Know It " to "  New Year 's Eve , " admits she indulged a little too heavily in the frothy films -- enough to make her consider quitting acting . "  I had an amazing time . I love romantic comedies , " the actress , 35 , told Marie Claire UK in its August issue . "  But maybe I hit it a little too hard . I could n't say no . I stopped challenging myself . " It got so bad , Heigl said , that she took time on a Utah ranch to contemplate a different career . "  I had a moment where , I do n't know , I was thinking , ` Maybe open a knitting store , get my money out of retirement accounts and live off that , live off the land . ' I had my moment where it all seemed so complicated and all I wanted to do was simplify , " she told the magazine . Of course , Heigl has had ups and downs even without the film choices . She told Marie Claire that her best friend "  turned on " her , and she 's made some enemies in Hollywood with her blunt talk , criticizing "  Grey 's Anatomy " plotlines and knocking "  Knocked Up , " the hit film she starred in , as "  a little sexist . " Heigl is returning to television in November as the star of NBC 's "  State of Affairs , " a drama about a CIA analyst who advises the president . She 's ready for the new challenge , she told Marie Claire . "  There 's a part of me that 's a Hollywood animal as well . I ca n't wait to get into the writer 's room and see how we do this , " she said . "  I feel like I 'm finally rolling into the next phase of my adulthood . "	Katherine Heigl says she "  could n't say no " to rom-coms Heigl tells magazine she considered opening a knitting store Former "  Grey 's Anatomy " star has new TV show coming in November
CNN  -- In one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in northern Tehran , a Japanese-inspired garden with mini-waterfalls welcomes potential buyers to a newly built luxury apartment . The four bedroom , four bathroom unit boasts marble floors , a state of the art open kitchen , computerized lighting systems and amenities that rival five star hotels . It 's an apartment so posh visitors are required to wear sanitary shoe covers . With a market value close to $ 3.5 million , the need for guests to tread carefully is understandable . "  In my opinion it 's worth it , " says real estate agent Bahar Khalili . "  It 's one of the best apartments in Tehran . An exceptional building designed by the best developer in the city . " But for the past year this swanky home has sat empty without a buyer -- half the other units in the six-floor block are empty , too . So are tens of thousands of other apartments throughout Tehran , all for sale but sitting vacant without buyers . "  Right now we have a lot of apartments that are not sold and sitting empty because of high prices , " says Khalili . Housing prices in Tehran soared beginning in 2012 , soon after western powers imposed the toughest round of economic sanctions against Iran to curb its disputed nuclear program . The sanctions were a huge blow to Iran 's economy and when the value of Iranian currency took a nose dive and no one could figure out where the economy was going , many here poured their money into real estate . According to political analyst , Mohammad Ali Shabani , "  real estate became the best way to protect your money . " Khalili agrees with this sentiment . "  This is the safest investment you can make today , " she said . "  Real estate has always increased in value . We have one apartment that 's increased roughly $ 1,000 per square meter in the past five months . "  If someone wants to invest in Tehran and knows what he 's buying , it 's almost  a  certainty that 's a good investment . " But with Iran 's economic future still looking hard to predict and many Iranians lacking buying power , the market is at a standstill -- sellers not selling because they 're hoping prices go up . Buyers are not buying because they 're hoping prices go down . The outcome is a Tehran skyline full of empty apartments -- and investors still looking to buy and build despite very little demand . "  Sometimes you wonder how can people possibly build more apartments when nothing is selling , " said Khalili . But remarkably , it 's happening in Tehran because until the economy improves and housing prices start to stabilize , they believe , real estate is the safest place to invest .	Luxury apartments in Tehran are lying empty despite investors looking to buy Iran 's economy has been heavily affected by international sanctions Buyers are hoping prices go down and sellers are hoping prices go up
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A motorcycle bomb killed 20 people and injured 117 others south of Baghdad on Wednesday , the Interior Ministry said . The bombing in the holy city of Karbala was one of four attacks targeting Shiite pilgrims as they headed toward the shrine of Imam Hussein on Wednesday morning , a ministry official said . Three people died and 23 were injured in the other attacks . In those explosions , a roadside bomb in western Baghdad killed one person , and a roadside bomb in the city of Hilla in Babil province , south of Baghdad , killed two people . A roadside bomb in southwestern Baghdad caused only injuries . Wednesday 's attacks came two days after a suicide bomber killed 41 people and wounded 106 others in an assault on pilgrims in northeastern Baghdad . Iraqi authorities are trying to provide security to thousands of Shiite worshipers who are making their way to Karbala to mark the Arbaeen -- the end of the 40-day mourning period at the close of Ashura . Ashura commemorates the martyrdom of Hussein , the grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was killed in battle in Karbala in 680 A.D. . That event helped create the schism between Sunnis and Shiites , the two main Muslim religious movements . CNN 's Yousif Bassil contributed to this report .	Bombers target Shiite pilgrims in the holy city of Karbala Twenty people killed , more than 100 injured in a motorbike blast Attack was one of four carried out Wednesday Three people died and 23 were injured in the other attacks
Baghdad  CNN  -- A car bomber who penetrated Baghdad 's heavily fortified Green Zone this week was targeting the Iraqi prime minister , authorities said Saturday . The attack Monday left two people dead and seven others injured in the Green Zone , which houses the nation 's government offices as well as U.S. and other embassies . Police said the blast occurred at an outdoor parking lot that belongs to the Iraqi parliament . No more details were available immediately on whether lawmakers were among the casualties . Initial inquiries revealed an attempt to kill Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , according to Major Gen. Qassim Atta , the Baghdad security operations manager . The black car was loaded with explosives and had three ways to detonate : manual , electric and by cell phone , he said . "  The intelligence information we have indicates that the vehicle was supposed to enter the building and park there until the arrival of the prime minister , " Atta said . Terrorists confessed that the car bomb was targeting the prime minister when he visits parliament in an upcoming session , according to Atta , who did not name the group behind the attacks . The prime minister was not there at the time of the attack , he said . The attacker was in a black Dodge with 20 kg  44 lb  of explosives , and was driving toward parliament when security forces stopped him because he did not have a proper badge . The driver parked at the parliament compound , where the car exploded . The attack comes amid a U.S. military withdrawal from the Middle Eastern country . All American troops are scheduled to be out by the end of the year . Iraqi security forces , including army and police officers , are to assume full responsibility after the withdrawal . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report	Police : The blast occurs at the Iraqi parliament 's parking lot Terrorists confess that the car bomb was targeting the prime minister , official says The attack Monday kills two people and injures seven others
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Smoke billowed into the sky over Egypt 's capital Wednesday from a fire at the Interior Ministry compound , a blaze witnesses say was set by protesters upset about labor issues . Part of a building , surrounding buildings such as the criminal records building , and several cars had been torched . Witnesses said the flames could have been ignited by Molotov cocktails . Soldiers and police rushed to scene and a couple of men were detained , the witnesses reported . The compound is three blocks away from Tahrir Square , the epicenter of the sometimes violent clashes that eventually brought down the 30-year regime of President Hosni Mubarak February 11 . Skirmishes also took place near where the fire burned Wednesday . The incident comes as Egyptians continue to work to create the new leadership structure of the country after the revolution . State-run media reported Wednesday that there have been about 1,300 official complaints lodged against former Egyptian ministers and government officials . Interior Minister Mahmoud Wagdi said he ordered that all of the complaints , many of them about government waste and corruption , be investigated , the state-run EgyNews website reported . The investigation comes after Attorney General Abdel Meguid Mahmoud requested that the assets of Mubarak and his family be frozen , according to EgyNews website . Along with the former president 's assets , those belonging to his wife , Suzanne , were also frozen , along with the assets of the former president 's eldest son , Alaa , and younger son , Gamal , and both of the sons ' wives , according to the report . As CNN correspondent Ivan Watson was filming the aftermath of the fire outside the Interior Ministry Wednesday , an Egyptian military officer with two stars on his epaulets grabbed Watson and demanded he turn over his camera . Watson showed the officer his Egyptian government press accreditation . Saying , "  Be quiet , do n't talk ! " the officer dragged Watson away from bystanders and demanded Watson delete video of the incident . "  If you delete the video , I will let you go free , " the officer said , identifying himself only as "  Mohammed . " Eventually , another officer intervened , and escorted CNN journalists from the scene . Journalists , especially photographers , routinely have been harassed by Egyptian authorities since protests erupted last month . Cairo-based photographer Roy Mattieu wrote Wednesday on his Twitter account , "  I 've been arrested three times by the army for my camera & lens , afraid to take them out of the bag now , thought it was improving , not . " Egypt has faced a wave of labor unrest since Mubarak was ousted . Workers at banks , factories , government ministries and at the strategic Suez Canal have gone on strike , demanding better wages and the resignation of executives accused of corruption . Egypt 's new military rulers have repeatedly called for an end to the strikes . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	Egyptian military officer demands CNN delete footage Witnesses say the blaze was started by protesters with labor disputes The interior minister says he will investigate complaints The move comes after authorities froze the assets of former President Hosni Mubarak
CNN  -- Six major Chinese websites have launched a joint site dedicated to eradicating online rumors , as part of Beijing 's efforts to clean up false information on the country 's wildly popular microblogs , state media reports . The rumor-busting website -- the name of which translates as the "  websites jointly debunking rumors platform " -- allows users to forward on suspect content for verification . The website , with guidance from the Chinese government , will then issue a "  correct " version of the information . The web giants participating in the platform include Sina Weibo , a Twitter-like microblogging service , and major search engines including Baidu and Sogou , reported state-run Xinhua . The website , which launched Thursday , has already published and corrected nearly 100,000 pieces of misinformation , according to the state-run Global Times . It would also alert Internet users to phishing scams . China has more Internet users than any other country , with more than 500 million people online , and an estimated 300 million microblog users . Although the services are censored -- with sensitive terms blocked and posts deleted -- the speed with which information can be disseminated has proven a headache for Beijing . While the microblogs have been used to disseminate false information -- popular posts include reports of extraterrestrial sightings , and bogus pictures have circulated with false reports of natural disasters -- they have also become a forum for spreading news of scandals , protests and venting public anger at incidents such as the Wenzhou bullet train crash . After that incident , which focused public opinion against authorities , a senior government official visited the headquarters of Sina and urged the internet firm to curb the spread of "  false information , " while state media ran editorials comparing online rumors to heroin and cocaine in terms of the social damage they caused . Social media companies began suspending users for posting what they deemed to be rumors . The state-run Global Times has commended the government 's latest initiative in its rumor-busting campaign as "  a laudable step , " saying that rumors could "  can cause widespread panic , disturb the order of society and damage the government 's credibility . " The editorial said that online rumor prevention was "  a challenge faced by most countries , " and pointed out that the U.S. 's Federal Emergency Management Agency had launched a "  rumor control " service in the wake of Hurricane Sandy . But critics see the ongoing anti-rumor campaign as an attempt to censor criticism and manage public opinion . David Bandurski , a researcher at the University of Hong Kong 's China Media Project , wrote in a 2011 blog that the government 's anti-rumor campaign was effectively "  sugarcoating censorship as a kind of public health measure , " and observed that the government used the rumor-policing function to effectively shut down debate on contentious topics , without necessarily accounting why a given statement was false : "  A rumor is what the government says it is . " China 's rumor-busting efforts come as British authorities grapple with their own challenges with online speech , as calls escalate for action to prevent abuse against women on social media . The issue ignited when feminist Caroline Criado-Perez received a barrage of rape threats via Twitter after petitioning to have women displayed on British banknotes . A politician who spoke out in support of her also received rape threats , while bomb threats were directed at a number of women journalists on Twitter . A 25-year-old man was arrested in northeastern England Tuesday on suspicion of harassment , the Metropolitan Police said , while investigations were ongoing in relation to the more recent complaints . Ke Feng contributed to this report .	Chinese web giants have launched a site dedicated to debunking online rumors The move is part of Beijing 's crackdown on "  false information " online Critics see it as a move to censor information and manage public opinion China has more Internet users than any other country
Driftwood , Texas  CNN  -- Texas Gov. Rick Perry won his state 's Republican gubernatorial primary outright on Tuesday , avoiding a potentially costly runoff election against Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison . Hutchison called Perry to concede the race after returns indicated that the governor was cruising toward a resounding victory in the closely-watched primary . "  Now we must unite , " she said . "  We must win Texas for Republicans . " Perry 's win ended a yearlong intra-party fight that was billed from the start as a clash of Texas political titans but ended with a whimper as Hutchison struggled to fight a tide of anti-Washington sentiment among conservatives . The governor cast his victory as a warning shot to Washington in the mold of recent GOP wins in the Virginia and New Jersey governor 's races and the Massachusetts special Senate election . "  I think the message is pretty clear , " Perry told supporters at his election night party near Austin . "  Conservatism has never been stronger than it is today . " Perry said the message to Washington was simple : "  Quit spending all the money , " he said . "  Stop trying to take over our lives and our businesses . " He added : "  Stop messing with Texas ! " Perry , the longest serving governor in Texas history , is seeking a third full term in Austin . His opponent in the general election will be Democrat Bill White , the former Houston mayor who dispatched six opponents in the Democratic primary . With nearly two-thirds of precincts reporting , Perry maintained a 20-point lead over Hutchison and appeared to be on pace to cross the crucial 50 percent mark needed to avoid a six-week runoff election against the three-term senator , who began her gubernatorial bid as the prohibitive frontrunner but stumbled as Perry 's campaign cast her as a big-spending Washington insider . GOP activist Debra Medina , a conservative with strong support among Tea Party activists , looked to be headed for a third place finish . White , the popular former three-term mayor of Houston , the country 's fourth-largest city , predicted that Perry will try to nationalize the race and tie him to unpopular Democratic agenda items in Washington . "  He 'll run against President Obama , " White said in an interview . "  That 's probably for his own political career . I think he wants to run for president . I 'm just running for the people of Texas . It should n't be about a party or who 's doing what to whom in Washington . "	Incumbent Rick Perry defeats Kay Bailey Hutchinson in Texas gubernatorial GOP primary Perry will face ex-Houston Mayor Bill White in general election Perry is longest-serving governor in Texas history
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch has apologized for a "  grotesque , offensive " cartoon of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu published in Britain 's Sunday Times . The cartoon by Gerald Scarfe depicts Netanyahu atop an incomplete brick wall with screaming Palestinians and body parts in the mortar . Netanyahu is holding what appears to be a bloody builder 's trowel and the wall 's mortar is colored red . The wording beneath reads : "  Israeli Elections , Will Cementing Peace Continue ? " The cartoon was published on Holocaust Memorial Day on Sunday and prompted complaints that it was anti-Semitic and insensitive . Murdoch , chairman of News Corporation , which owns The Sunday Times , used his Twitter feed to apologize , tweeting : "  Gerald Scarfe has never reflected the opinions of the Sunday Times . Nevertheless , we owe major apology for grotesque , offensive cartoon . " Scarfe , who has worked for the Sunday Times since 1967 , is perhaps best-known for designing and directing the animation for the film of Pink Floyd 's The Wall . Martin Ivens , the acting editor of the Sunday Times , also apologized , saying in a statement : "  The last thing I or anyone connected with the Sunday Times would countenance would be insulting the memory of the Shoah -LSB- Holocaust -RSB- or invoking the blood libel . "  The paper has long written strongly in defense of Israel and its security concerns , as have I as a columnist . We are however reminded of the sensitivities in this area by the reaction to the cartoon and I will of course bear them very carefully in mind in future . " The weekday edition of The Times reported Tuesday that Ivens would meet representatives of the Jewish community to apologize . In a statement posted on his website , Scarfe said : "  First of all I am not , and never have been , anti-Semitic . The Sunday Times has given me the freedom of speech over the last 46 years to criticize world leaders for what I see as their wrong-doings . "  This drawing was a criticism of Netanyahu , and not of the Jewish people : there was no slight whatsoever intended against them . I was , however , stupidly completely unaware that it would be printed on Holocaust Day , and I apologize for the very unfortunate timing . " In the Jewish Chronicle , editor Stephen Pollard wrote that the cartoon did "  slip over the edge into anti-Semitism , because it invokes the blood libel . " Blood libel refers to a long-standing anti-Semitic myth that Jews murder children to use their blood in religious rituals . "  The blood libel is central to the history of anti-Semitism . I do n't think Scarfe is an idiot -- far from it . So I find it impossible to believe he was unaware of the resonances of his cartoon , " Pollard said . The Board of Deputies of British Jews said it had lodged a complaint with Britain 's press watchdog -- the Press Complaints Commission . The cartoon , it said , was "  shockingly reminiscent of the blood libel imagery more usually found in parts of the virulently anti-Semitic Arab press . Its use is all the more disgusting on Holocaust Memorial Day , given the similar tropes leveled against Jews by the Nazis . " Meanwhile , an article by Anshe Pfeffer in Israeli newspaper Haaretz branded the cartoon "  grossly offensive and unfair " but said it was not anti-Semitic . Pfeffner wrote that the cartoon was not directed at Jews , did not use Holocaust imagery and did not contain blood libel components . He said there was no discrimination in the sense that Scarfe 's depiction of Netanyahu was "  par for the course for any politician when Scarfe is at his drawing board . " However , the Times of Israel quoted the director of the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's Israel Office -- Efraim Zuroff -- as saying the "  anti-Semitic caricature of Netanyahu " was "  absolutely disgusting . "	News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch has apologized for "  grotesque " cartoon Sunday Times cartoon portrayed Netanyahu building Palestinians into bloody wall Cartoon prompted accusations of anti-Semitism and references to ` blood libel ' Cartoonist said he was not aware it was Holocaust Memorial Day
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's military chiefs have been told to prepare for a "  leaner and less centralized " Ministry of Defence . The warning Friday from Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox marks the latest stage in attempts by the new British government to shake up the country 's armed forces and defense spending . In a speech in London , Fox -- just returned from a trip to Afghanistan where Britain has almost 10,000 troops deployed -- said the previous Labour administration had left a "  dangerous deficit " in the public finances , including an unfunded liability in the ministry 's balance sheet of around # 37 billion  $ 57.7 billion  over the next 10 years . Fox steered clear of any announcements on numbers of possible job losses but said he remains committed to a pledge made in opposition to cut Ministry of Defence running costs by 25 percent . "  I do n't pretend it is going to be painless , " he said . But he made it clear that any cuts would be more likely to hit those at the top than those at the bottom . A review of the senior rank structure will be carried out , he said , hinting at probable reductions in the number of senior military positions . "  We can not demand efficiency from the lower ranks while exempting those at the top , " he said . Friday 's speech came against the backdrop of the ongoing Strategic Defence and Security Review , Britain 's first such review in 12 years . The report , scheduled for release at the end of October , will set out what the panel believes should be the shape of the United Kingdom 's armed forces in 10 years . Three factors would determine that shape , Fox said : foreign policy goals ; an assessment of the character of future conflicts ; and anticipated changes in technology . Fox said Britain 's future strategic posture should be a "  flexible and adaptable " one . According to Professor Malcolm Chalmers of the Royal United Services Institute , a think-tank , that reflects the generally held view among Britain 's defense establishment that the current strategic environment is one characterized by "  uncertainty and complexity , not by a single existential threat . " The challenge , according to Chalmers , will be to translate that consensus into agreement on where the ax needs to fall . "  Some of the hardest decisions in the review will be those that involve curtailing legacy capabilities with powerful institutional backing in order to create space for new technologies and new tasks that lack such sponsors , " he said . Among those legacy items are fighter jet programs and the procurement of two aircraft carriers , both projects reportedly threatened with big cuts .	"  I do n't pretend it 's going to be painless , " Liam Fox says Jobs will be cut in the effort to get a "  leaner and less centralized " ministry He says cuts are more likely to hit those at the top
CNN  -- In a matter of minutes , a way of life disappeared in Hackleburg , Alabama . Three schools . A doctor 's office . The pharmacy . A ballfield where children swang for the fences . The Wrangler plant that employed hundreds . A service station . All gone . But the cost from Wednesday 's devastating storms was so much dearer . Twenty-nine people in the northwest Alabama town of nearly 1,600 residents died , according to Marion County Sheriff Kevin Williams . Sixteen died at the scene and 13 died at several hospitals , Williams said . "  It 's been overwhelming at times , " he said of the county 's ordeal . Another six perished in the county seat of Hamilton , he said , making for a total of 35 . Up to 400 people may have been hurt across Marion County , which borders Mississippi and has about 30,000 residents . The state 's official update Friday night listed seven people as still missing in Marion County . Total fatalities for all of Alabama was 249 . The storms -- which may have included two tornadoes -- roared along U.S. 43 and downtown , destroying almost every business in Hackleburg , officials said Friday . A trailer plant managed to survive , but up to 100 residences were destroyed . "  It 's pretty much wiped out , " Williams said of the city . "  It looks like a war zone . " A bank vault is being used to store medicine , now that the pharmacy is gone . Thirteen people were trapped in the Wrangler plant ; one died . "  Everything is gone , and I am not exaggerating , " said city Police Chief Kenny Hallmark , 40 . But , officials said , there were blessings . The superintendent Wednesday decided to send students home . Assistance -- in the form of law enforcement , emergency crews and aid groups -- has poured in . And two members of the city 's police department recently received homeland security training in Eufaula , Alabama . About 250 firefighters from the region logged in as volunteers , Williams said . Although there were shelters , townspeople were taking caring of their own , Hallmark told CNN . "  We have a small , close-knit community that takes care of each other , where we do n't have to have shelters , " Hallmark said . "  My house was in direct path and it is still standing , " although it was damaged , he said . Others were not so fortunate . Most of the dead , Williams said , were found in residences . The incredibly powerful storms lifted a truck and deposited it four miles away , said Hallmark . For now , the city is digging out and trying to reassemble . "  This is people who lived here , " the chief said .	Thirty-five people killed in Marion County , sheriff says Most died in city of Hackleburg , which lost most of its businesses A bank vault is being used to store medicine , now that the pharmacy is gone
Departures  -- Next to a suitcase , the most indispensable travel accessory these days is a smartphone . Whether you embark on a business trip , a weekend getaway or an exotic overseas vacation , phone apps exist to help make virtually every element of the experience far easier and more enjoyable . Travel apps have only been so robust in the last couple of years , but it already seems hard to remember how we managed to get anywhere without them . In some instances , though , there are almost too many choices available . Dozens of apps exist for getting around , say , Europe , and many others are at the ready to help make a packing list . Want to monitor the status of a flight ? You 'll need to select from a host of frustratingly similar apps first . Sifting through everything can feel more onerous than navigating the security maze at LAX . Finding the right apps should n't add stress to travel , so we identified ten that are intended to aid every stage of a trip . Postagram Remember postcards ? Postagram brings back the old snail-mail staple , but with a high-tech twist . Take a photo with your smartphone camera  or choose one from your Instagram or Facebook account  , type in a short message and enter the recipients ' address . A personalized postcard will appear in their actual mailbox within a few days . For iOS and Android , the app is free , postcards are 99 cents for each U.S. delivery and $ 1.99 for international addresses . Dcovery Organizing pre-trip research can be a challenge . Dcovery 's Place Finder browser extension pulls out the points of interest mentioned in articles and other relevant pages you find online , lets you categorize them and then adds pictures , maps and directions . Sync your phone with your computer and the app puts all the information together into a handy travel guide tailored to your specific interests . The app is $ 3.99 for iOS . Departures : 25 top travel apps GateGuru Airports are n't exactly known as fine-dining destinations , but GateGuru helps find the hidden gems in your arrival and departure locations . Upload your itinerary and the app lists food options -- as well as shops and other services like ATMs -- along with where to find them and ratings from other fliers . The app also provides estimated wait times for security lines and last-minute deals on rental cars . The app free for iOS , Android and Windows Scout Lots of GPS apps offer traffic updates and voice-guided , turn-by-turn navigation to help you get to your destination . Scout , however , helps find things to do once you get there . Choose local sights and attractions from an extensive catalog on its website and then sync your selections with the app for when you arrive . It also keeps up-to-date listings of recommended concerts , sporting events and other timely entertainment options so you 'll always know what 's happening . The app is free for iOS and Android . Departures : Top gadgets of 2013 ICE : In Case of Emergency Although it is probably the last thing you want to think about while traveling , having current and correct medical information is crucial if something goes wrong on a trip . ICE keeps your doctors ' phone numbers , details on specific medical conditions and insurance information all in one place , where it can be accessed even when the phone is locked . The app can also translate the stored information into ten different languages . The app is $ 3.99 for Android . iStone Travel Translation iStone has just one function -- translation -- and it performs it extremely well . The app comes equipped with a list of more than 300 useful phrases -- "  How much does it cost ? " or "  I 'd love a room on a higher floor " -- that it can say aloud in any of 12 languages . Flip through categories , such as dining or directions , to quickly find the correct expression . And if you come across a new foreign phrase , you can record it to use later . The basic version of the app is free for iOS , but full versions of languages require in-app purchases . Departures : Travel gadets for the New Year LocalEats A Google search will turn up plenty of restaurants in any given destination . But to narrow your culinary quest to those frequented by in-the-know foodies , you will need LocalEats . The app culls choices from dozens of cities in the United States and abroad to the essentials , all based on media reviews and diners ' recommendations . Browse by categories , such as cuisine type and price range . LocalEats will find what is best near your current location , provide directions and even let you book a taxi to get there . The app is 99 cents for iOS . PressReader For road warriors , PressReader is the best way to keep up with the happenings at home . The app delivers 2,000 newspapers from around the world to your mobile device 's screen . More than 1,200 of them are in English , making it equally easy to get news about all your destinations . The interface shows each paper 's actual daily layout and lets you zoom in on a page or click headlines to view a text version . If you get tired of reading all that agate type , it also has a text-to-speech option . The monlthy subscription is $ 29.95 for iOS , Android , Windows iPhone and Blackberry . Each download is 99 cents . Seat Alerts All too often the byzantine seating systems of airlines leave travelers with no attractive options . Expertflyer.com 's Seat Alerts app lets you input the type of seat you prefer or even choose specific seats . Look at a seating chart for your flight , read ratings and reviews before making a selection . The app then monitors the flight 's seating availability and alerts you when the one you have an eye on becomes free -- right up until the time of departure . The app is available on iOS and Android . It is free for a single alert and 99 cents for additional alerts . It costs $ 4.99 with an Expertflyer.com account and includes up to 30 alerts . Travel App Box You could download a dozen similar apps and still not match the functionality that Travel App Box offers . Billed as the Swiss Army knife of travel apps , it is a flight tracker , currency converter , tip calculator and many other useful tools rolled into one package . It also features offline maps -- including public transportation layouts in 40 cities worldwide -- for when you are stuck somewhere without cellular or WiFi service . The app is $ 1.99 for iOS .  2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	ICE keeps doctors ' numbers , medical conditions and insurance information iStone comes with more than 300 phrases in 12 languages PressReader delivers 2,000 newspapers , more than 1,200 of them in English LocalEats culls food choices based on media reviews and diner recommendations
CNN  -- Mexico ended 2009 with a record number of drug-related deaths , greatly surpassing the then-record tally reached in 2008 , unofficial counts indicate . The government has not released official figures , but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009 . Mexican President Felipe Calderon said earlier this year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008 . Officials say more than 15,000 Mexicans have died since Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . Some observers , such as former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich , have likened the situation to a civil war . The vast majority of the deaths have been among criminals , not civilians , Calderon and other Mexican officials have said repeatedly . Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas , leads all other Mexican cities in the number of deaths , news report say . There were more than 2,575 slayings in the city in 2009 , according to a tally by TV station XHIJ . Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz told CNN he could not confirm that number but that it sounded correct . There were 1,600 homicides in the city in 2008 . "  This has been a very difficult year . Very complicated , " Reyes said Thursday in a telephone interview . Chihuahua state , in which Ciudad Juarez is located , accounted for 30 percent of the nation 's drug-related killings , according to news reports . Juarez is the central battleground for two organized crime gangs -- the Juarez and Pacific cartels . Those cartels are fighting for the lucrative market across the border in the United States . Gangs affiliated with the cartels have heightened the violence as they fight for turf in street-level sales in Ciudad Juarez , Reyes said . The Aztecas gang , he said , is allied with the Juarez Cartel and has 7,000 members . More than 1,200 Azteca members are in jail , Reyes said . Two gangs are affiliated with the Pacific Cartel -- the Mexicles and the Artistas Asesinos  Assassin Artists  . The Mexicles has about 1,200 members and the Artistas Asesinos , commonly know as the AA , has around 600 members , Reyes said . "  There is a very strong fight between those two groups , " Reyes said . Despite the dire situation , Reyes sees a brighter 2010 . The appointment of a new federal attorney general in September has led to more personnel being appointed to Ciudad Juarez , Reyes said . That , in turn , has led to more prosecutions , the mayor said . Reyes also said a new state law in Chihuahua makes it harder for crime suspects to plea bargain or receive lenient sentences . But he points to a nongovernmental program as a major step toward fighting the bad guys : Ciudad Juarez starts working Friday with Crime Stoppers International , a community-based private organization that receives anonymous tips from residents and passes them along to law enforcement authorities . The organization has 1,200 programs worldwide , Crime Stoppers President Gary Murphy said . Mexico is the first country in Latin America to work with Crime Stoppers , and Ciudad Juarez is the only city in the world to contract directly with the group , Murphy and Reyes said . Everywhere else , the anti-crime group works with community organizations . The city contacted Canada-based Crime Stoppers this summer , Murphy said . It was a necessary step , Reyes said , because Juarez residents "  lost confidence in the police a long time ago . " Tipsters will call an 800 number that does not have caller ID or any other way to identify the caller , Murphy and Reyes said . The calls will not be answered in Mexico or the United States , but in an undisclosed nation . Reyes calls it "  a sophisticated system that is digital , anonymous and coded . " The mayor said he believes Juarez residents will embrace the program because they are familiar with Crime Stoppers , which has been used in Albuquerque , New Mexico , for more than 30 years and also in El Paso , right across the border . "  Crime Stoppers is well-known in Juarez , " he said . "  It will be easy to convince them . " Crime Stoppers guarantees anonymity , Murphy said . "  This way they can pass along the information and not have to worry about the repercussions , " he said . "  It 's the major reason people call Crime Stoppers no matter where they are in the world . " CNN 's Mario Gonzalez and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	National media say 7,600 Mexicans died in the war on drugs in 2009 Gangs affiliated with two major cartels have heightened the violence Despite dire situation , mayor of beleaguered Ciudad Juarez sees a brighter 2010 More personnel , tougher laws , Crime Stoppers all will be better weapons , mayor says
CNN  -- Arsenal striker Eduardo has been ruled out for two weeks with a hamstring injury just days after returning from a broken leg . Eduardo sinks to his knees after opening the scoring on his Arsenal first team comeback on Monday . The Croatian international only made his comeback after a year out in Monday 's FA Cup fourth-round victory against Cardiff . The 25-year-old marked his return with two goals in the 4-0 success at the Emirates Stadium , but his latest setback is not described as serious . Manager Arsene Wenger told Arsenal TV Online : "  Eduardo is out for two weeks . He picked up a hamstring injury two minutes before I took him off . What a nightmare . "  Nobody knows how it happened but I knew straight away after the game it would be a two-week job . It is nothing like he had before but I do know that little setbacks like this are part of being nine months out . "  After that long out nobody plays six months on the trot . It is impossible . But at the same time it is a blow because , of course , he can score goals . He had shown that on Monday night . "	Arsenal striker Eduardo is ruled out for two weeks due to a hamstring problem The Croatian was hurt on Monday in his first game back after a year 's absence Eduardo scored twice against Cardiff on his return to action from a broken leg
New York  CNN  -- A former college professor in upstate New York says he was fired and discriminated against because he is straight . Dr. Csaba Marosan taught natural Sciences at Trocaire College in Buffalo . He told CNN that he was asked not to return this year because of his formal complaint against the college in 2009 . Marosan alleges that college officials gave preferential treatment to gay faculty members in a small clique dubbed , "  the Merry Men . " The college denied the allegations and attributes his dismissal to lack of qualifications . The former professor said he has taught at the college for eight years . "  Trocaire is confident that it will be vindicated when the full facts of this case are presented in the hearing process , " said John A. Vecchio , vice president for institutional advancement . A report from the New York State Division of Human Rights shows that a dean of education allegedly made comments about Marosan 's nationality , accent , culture and manner of greeting colleagues . The initial report was amended in April to include the differential treatment Marosan allegedly received since the investigation started , including his eventual dismissal . The amended report also includes a charge of discrimination based on sexual orientation , which Marosan said he initially left out . "  I am not a homophobe , and I did not want to bring up sexual orientation going into it , " he said . Vecchio criticized the rights ' group probe . "  The decision of the New York Division of Human Rights is based on a poor and incomplete investigation , " he said . In addition , the report indicates that among a number of sexual harassment complaints made against Marosan , at least one student admitted to having been coached . All other cases were fully dismissed .	Dr. Csaba Marosan taught natural Sciences in upstate New York Marosan says he was targeted for various forms of discrimination College denies the allegations
Under the care of "  optimistic " doctors , Jahi McMath -- whom a judge and other doctors have declared brain-dead , over her family 's objections -- is "  improving " days after her release from an Oakland , California , hospital , her family 's lawyer said . However , barring a misdiagnosis , medical experts say the teen 's condition ca n't improve if she is truly "  brain dead , " because there 's no way to come back to life once brain activity ceases . Attorney Chris Dolan detailed some of what 's happened to the 13-year-old girl since her release Sunday from Children 's Hospital & Research Center Oakland . After initially "  doing poorly she is stabilizing , " he said , adding that the teen underwent tracheotomy and gastrostomy tube procedures . "  She is doing very well and getting the treatment she should have gotten 28 days ago , " Dolan said Wednesday , referring to what happened to Jahi after a December operation . "  Doctors are optimistic that her condition has stabilized and that her health is improving from when she was taken from  the Oakland hospital  . " The family has n't said where the eighth-grader currently is . Dolan has declined to say if she had been transferred to another facility and , if so , to describe that facility . Instead , they have chosen to lie low as they continue their efforts to care for Jahi . Dolan said the family needs to "  heal up from this whole experience " and have "  some quiet time " away from media questions . "  The  family is seeking to focus attention on Jahi , " added the lawyer . CNN could not independently verify Dolan 's account about what 's happened to the young California teen . Jahi underwent a December 9 operation at the Northern California hospital to remove her tonsils , adenoids and extra sinus tissue . Opinion : Let parents decide if teen is dead Doctors had recommended the surgery to treat pediatric obstructive sleep apnea , a condition that made her stop breathing in her sleep and caused other medical problems . The teen girl was alert and talking to doctors after the procedure , even asking for a Popsicle because her throat hurt . That was a relief in some ways because she 'd expressed concerns to her family about the surgery , fearing she would never wake up from it , her uncle has said . Due to privacy laws , hospital officials have not been able to discuss Jahi 's case in detail . In the hospital 's intensive care unit , however , the girl started to bleed , her family has said , and she went into cardiac arrest . Days later , she was declared brain-dead . A judge later sided with the hospital in declaring her dead . The family , however , did not agree . That conflict played into a weeks-long battle between the hospital , which wanted to remove Jahi from a ventilator , and her family , who believed she was showing signs of life . The entire ordeal fueled a sweeping national debate about what legally and ethically constitutes death . Some medical ethicists have said the case has fed into a misperception that "  brain death " is not death ; that somehow , the body can live on , and that is life . It 's also sparked fierce emotion , and that is another reason the family is keeping quiet about where the girl will be taken . "  We 've had people make threats from around the country , " Dolan , who said he and the girl 's uncle have received such threats , has told CNN . "  It 's sad that people act that way . " Why brain dead means really dead	Jahi had successful procedures after leaving an Oakland hospital , lawyer says "  She is doing very well and getting the treatment she should have gotten , " he adds Doctors believe "  her health is improving , " adds the McMath family 's lawyer Doctors and a judge declared her brain dead ; her family disagreed
New York  CNN  -- Could letting your man sleep with another woman help your relationship ? Author and former mistress Holly Hill thinks so . "  One of the main things that I have learned is that a woman that negotiates infidelity with her partner is far more powerful than a woman who is sitting home wondering why he 's late from the office Christmas party , " she says . "  It 's better to walk the dog on a leash than let it escape through an unseen hole in the back fence . " Hill 's memoir , "  Sugarbabe " details her yearlong adventure with a series of so-called "  sugar daddies . " The book sold 24,000 copies in her native Australia , according to her publisher , and has just been released in the United States . Holly Hill is a pen name . "  I thought it was men that would like the book , " she says , "  But in fact it 's women , because what it says to women is that if your man cheats on you , he still loves you , and he 's probably running about average . " Allowing their men to stray is a concept that 's difficult for most women to contemplate . But Hill says that if a woman takes the time to truly examine her relationship and considers Mother Nature 's unerring spell on men 's libidos , she might realize that letting her boyfriend or spouse know she 's OK with him having sex elsewhere is a logical way to prevent him from doing it in secret . "  I think that cheating men are normal , " says Hill . "  Monogamous men are heroes . Monogamy does have a place in relationships , but not on the long-term . Men are hard-wired to betray women on the long-term . " But psychology professor Lawrence Josephs believes it is more personality type than gender that indicates whether a person might cheat . "  People who are higher in narcissim -- whether they are male or female -- are more likely to cheat . People who feel entitled to it , people who have what 's called avoidant attachment style where they tend to have more impersonal sex , " are more prone to straying , he said . The professor also said people who experience lower levels of empathy or guilt tend to engage in more infidelity . Hill says , that of course it 's every woman 's right to refuse to have sex when she 's not in the mood or has a headache . However , expecting men to cope on their own with no outlet whatsoever is shortsighted and cruel , says Hill . The author , who holds a psychology degree from the University of Southern Queensland , says her experience as a "  sugarbabe " taught her some valuable lessons about what drives men to seek sex outside marriage . Finding herself in financial dire straits after her married boyfriend unexpectedly dumped her four years ago  he had persuaded her to quit her job and enjoy his financial support as part of "  the mistress plan "  , she decided to get creative about her employment options . Hill , who was 39 at the time , posted an ad online announcing her search for a sugar daddy , someone who would pay her $ 1,000 a week in exchange for her company , cooking , conversation , massages and , when they desired it , sex . She says the ad attracted 11,000 responses . At the time , Hill says she saw a distinct difference between what she was doing and prostitution . "  I thought that because I was a 24/7 exclusive mistress that I was n't part of the world 's oldest profession , but with hindsight I was , because what I was doing ... I was charging men for services , part of which included sex , " says Hill . However , she adds , any married woman who no longer loves her husband but continues to have sex with him to retain the comforts of being married could also be considered part of that oldest profession . Most of Hill 's "  daddies " were wealthy married men who surprisingly often opted for conversation , she says . While entertaining with red wine and exotic food platters she 'd prepare in her Sydney apartment , Hill learned that most of these men sought her attention because they simply were n't getting enough sex from their wives . "  Men need to get their rocks off , " says Hill . "  If a woman crosses her legs for any length of time and does n't arrange some sort of alternative for her man , he is going to cheat on her . " By alternatives , Hill is referring to her idea of "  negotiated infidelity . " That should n't be confused with an open relationship , which to Hill "  has no rules . " Nor does it imply that it 's necessary that a wife allow her husband to hop into bed with whomever he chooses -- unless of course she 's OK with that . Hill says negotiated infidelity could mean hubby makes a trip to the local strip club for the occasional lap dance or updates his porn collection . And in no way does it have to be a one-way street . "  Ideally the woman will want to stray as well , " says Hill . "  Some wo n't want to because they 're at home taking care of toddlers . But the woman definitely needs to negotiate infidelity as well , especially because that will generate her man 's competitive nature . The more lovers the woman has , the more attraction the man will have for his partner . " But how do women -- and men for that matter -- get past those ingrained feelings of possessiveness and jealousy ? "  Women need to remember the difference between why women and men have sex , " she says . "  Women tend to value intimacy . For men it 's often the thrill of the chase , or the quick sex with a stranger . Men do n't even have to know their lovers ' names ! It 's often just a cheap thrill and has nothing to do with us as a loving girlfriend or wife . Once we understand that , it 's much easier to let him go off . " But Josephs does n't think understanding will overcome jealousy . "  I think what 's universal is that no one likes sharing partners -- whether you 're male or female . I think jealousy is a kind of universal emotion , " the professor said . Her sugarbabe days now over , Hill lets her boyfriend of two years , Phil Dean "  go off " on occasion . Hill says she believes negotiating their infidelity has been instrumental in keeping their relationship strong and committed , not to mention electric . " -LSB- Dean -RSB- can have sex with the Australian women 's basketball team for all I care , but he ca n't spoon any of them , " says Hill . "  For me , spooning is cheating . " Dean , 45 , who works for an insurance company in Sydney , jokes that he has n't slept with any members of the Australian basketball team . But he is a big supporter of negotiated infidelity . "  I was actually very relieved when Holly and I started to speak about it -LSB- at the beginning of the relationship -RSB- , " he says . "  She asked me if I 'd be happy in a monogamous long-term relationship and I had to say ` no ' . " And while Dean says he does n't get jealous when Holly spends time with another lover , some of his male friends are certainly jealous of his relationship 's flexibility . "  Some think it could n't get any better than what I have , " says Dean . "  Some , however , do n't want to embrace the concept . They feel protective of their partner and do n't want to share . " Central to the idea of negotiated infidelity , Hill says , is each couple figuring out what their boundaries are . While she admits she shed a few tears at the start of her relationship as she and Dean tested their comfort levels with different arrangements  Dean also says it has definitely been a learning process  , they 're now very clear about what they will and wo n't allow . While Dean has the green light to have sex with other women , he 's not permitted to stay overnight . He also ca n't take his lovers away for romantic weekends . And Hill says she 'll have an all-out hissy fit if he spoons another woman . Hill , on the other hand , is allowed to spoon her lovers because Dean has no problem with that and recognizes that intimacy is an important part of sex for women . Hill is n't , however , allowed to wear any of the outfits Dean has bought for her when she meets up with a lover . But how can Hill be sure Dean is n't spooning if she is n't there ? "  If you 're talking about sexual needs honestly with your partner , you get better at communicating with each other , you get better with honesty , " says Hill . "  Everything is out in the open and you have an honest relationship according to your man 's biology , not according to some outdated social norms . "  Hill is working on another book that will address why women also like to venture outside their marriages for sex . Those rules sound artificial to Marcella Weiner , adjunct professor of Marymount Manhattan College and author of "  Repairing Your Marriage After His Affair : A Woman 's Guide to Hope and Healing . " "  Unless you 're totally dead inside of you and have no heart or no brains or no anything -- when you 're with another person , you 're with another person , " said Weiner . "  It 's not just here 's my penis , here 's your vagina that 's it . It is for some people -- but that 's a mechanical kind of thing . " While it may not be for everyone , Hill is optimistic that if more people embraced the idea of negotiated infidelity , cheating could become a thing of the past , leading to fewer divorces and truly happy lifelong relationships . "  We just have to be honest about the way nature created us , and we have to work with nature instead of working against her . This is n't rocket science . This is what every man already knows and I think what every woman deep down already knows . "	Author Holly Hill says women should negotiate infidelity with their husbands She sought sugar daddies to pay $ 1,000 per week for her company and sex Hill says men cheating is normal so women gain power by setting rules for infidelity Her man is allowed to have sex with other women , but not to spoon
CNN  -- "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " takes Henry Cavill 's Superman to new places , but one thing remains the same : the hero 's iconic suit . On Thursday , Warner Bros. shared the first image of Cavill suited up as Superman , with the "  S " on his chest firmly in place as he stares through a grim-looking rain . The photo comes just a few days after Cavill was spotted on the set of "  Batman v Superman " dressed as Superman 's alter-ego , Clark Kent . "  The more time I spend with Henry , the more he 's Superman to me , " director Zack Snyder told USA Today of the British actor , who made his debut as the high-flying hero in 2013 's "  Man of Steel . " Now , with the "  Man of Steel " sequel "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice , " Cavill and Snyder are eager to stretch the Kryptonian 's identity , examining who he is as a protector of Metropolis and as an everyday gent . He 'll still be working with Lois Lane  Amy Adams  and Perry White  Laurence Fishburne  at the Daily Planet , but he 'll also find himself moving into Gotham City , where Lex Luthor  Jesse Eisenberg  presents a threat . "  We 've both created this guy , and we can push him around a little bit , " Snyder said . But will it be Ben Affleck 's Batman doing the pushing ? After all , this will be the first time that Batman and Superman are on the big screen together . Snyder would n't say , but he did point out that the movie title 's spelling is intentional . Using a "  v " instead of a "  vs " was "  to keep it from being a straight ` versus ' movie , even in the most subtle way , " he told the paper . "  It 's never really been done and it 's kinda cool . " "  Dawn of Justice " also brings in a number of other characters , including Wonder Woman  Gal Gadot  and Cyborg  Ray Fisher  . As for Affleck 's Batman , Snyder told the paper fans should expect a weary , seasoned take on the character . "  It 's cooler to see a crusty old Batman beating the snot out of guys , " Snyder said . "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice " is currently in production , and scheduled for a May 6 , 2016 release .	Warner Bros. has shared a photo of Henry Cavill as Superman Director Zack Snyder says the hero will be pushed around a bit in "  Batman v Superman " The movie 's use of "  v " instead of "  vs " was intentional
Terrorists will stop at nothing to keep Afghan girls from receiving an education . "  People are crazy , " said Razia Jan , founder of a girls ' school outside Kabul . "  The day we opened the school ,  on  the other side of town , they threw hand grenades in a girls ' school , and 100 girls were killed . "  Every day , you hear that somebody 's thrown acid at a girl 's face ... or they poison their water . " There were at least 185 documented attacks on schools and hospitals in Afghanistan last year , according to the United Nations . The majority were attributed to armed groups opposed to girls ' education . "  It is heartbreaking to see the way these terrorists treat ... women , " said Jan , 68 . "  In their eyes , a women is an object that they can control . They are scared that when these girls get an education , they will become aware of their rights as women and as a human being . " Despite the threat of violence , Jan continues to open the doors of her Zabuli Education Center , a two-story , 14-room building where 354 area girls are receiving a free education . "  Most of the  local  men and women are illiterate , " Jan said . "  Most of our students are the first generation of girls to get educated . " Seven small villages make up Deh ` Subz , where the school is located . Though Deh ` Subz is not Taliban-controlled , Jan has still found it difficult to change the deep-rooted stigma against women 's education . On the evening before the school opened in 2008 , four men paid her a visit . "  They said , ` This is your last chance ... to change this school into a boys ' school , because the backbone of Afghanistan is our boys , ' " Jan recalled . "  I just turned around and I told them , ` Excuse me . The women are the eyesight of Afghanistan , and unfortunately you all are blind . And I really want to give you some sight . ' " Jan has not seen the men since . "  You ca n't be afraid of people , " she said . "  You have to be able to say ` no . ' Maybe because I 'm old , the men are kind of scared of me , and they do n't argue with me . " The Zabuli Education Center teaches kindergarten through eighth grade . Without her school , Jan says , many of the students would not be able to receive an education . "  When we opened the school in 2008 and I had these students coming to register , 90 % of them could not write their name . And they were 12 - and 14-year-old girls , " Jan said . "  Now , they all can read and write . " Jan 's school teaches math , science , religion and three languages : English , Farsi and Pashto . It recently added a computer lab with Internet access . "  They can touch the world just sitting in this house , " Jan said . "  The knowledge is something that nobody can steal from them . " To shield the students from attacks , Jan has built a new stone wall to surround the school . She also employs staff and guards who serve as human guinea pigs of sorts . "  The principal and the guard , they test the water every day , " Jan said . "  They will drink from the well . If it 's OK , they 'll wait . ... Then they 'll fill  the  coolers and bring it to the classroom . " Jan says she is so scared of poisoning that school staff members accompany children to the bathroom and make sure the children do n't drink water from the faucet . Additionally , the day guard arrives early each morning to check for any gas or poison that might be leaked inside the classrooms . The guard opens doors and windows and checks the air quality before any children are allowed to enter . "  People are so much against girls getting educated , " Jan said . "  So we have to do these precautions . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes Born in Afghanistan in the 1940s , Jan traveled to the United States in 1970 to attend college . Much of her family was killed or fled Afghanistan during the Russian invasion . She stayed in the U.S. , raised a son and opened a small tailoring business . She became an American citizen in 1990 . Jan was always involved in various philanthropic efforts and community organizations in Duxbury , Massachusetts . She worked for many years to forge connections between Afghans and Americans . Then the events of September 11 shook her to the core . "  I was really affected personally by what happened to the innocent in the U.S. , " she said . "  It 's something that you can not imagine for a human being to do to other human beings . " Almost overnight , Jan turned her small store into a workshop and launched an exhaustive campaign to help victims , first responders , U.S. soldiers and Afghan children . Jan and community volunteers sent 400 homemade blankets to rescue workers at ground zero and assembled and shipped nearly 200 care packages for U.S. troops in Afghanistan . When she heard that U.S. soldiers needed shoes to distribute to Afghan children , Jan and her volunteers sent them more than 30,000 boxes of shoes . Still , in the back of her mind was a bigger dream . On a visit to her homeland in 2002 , she noticed that women and girls were struggling from years of Taliban control . "  I saw that the girls had been the most oppressed , " she said . "  The Taliban regime was very brutal , brutal in the way that the woman had no place in their book . The woman had no right . No say in anything . " Jan said that while her life in America was fulfilling and rich , her dream was "  to do something for Afghanistan and to educate the girls . " So in 2004 , she began searching for land on which to build a school . In 2005 , she began fundraising through her Massachusetts-based nonprofit , Razia 's Ray of Hope . Then , on a visit to Afghanistan , Jan was able to negotiate with the Ministry of Education to secure the land where the Zabuli Education Center now stands . "  After five years now ,  the men  are shoulder to shoulder with me , which is such a great thing , " Jan said . "  It 's unbelievable how much they are proud of the girls . " The school is entirely free . Jan says it costs $ 300 to teach each girl for an entire year . Those fees are covered by donations to her nonprofit . Read about the CNN Heroes of 2012 Although she is n't there every day of the week , Jan spends as much time at the school as possible . She meets with her students ' fathers and grandfathers two or three times a year to address any issues and make sure she still has their buy-in . She also deals with community elders and locals to ensure that the school has local support . Jan , who takes no money for her work with the school , believes the education her students receive will benefit not only future generations of Afghan women but the country as a whole . "  My school is very small . It 's nothing big . But for this to start here , I think it 's like a fire . And I think it will grow , " she said . "  I hope that one day these girls ... will come back and teach , because I 'm not going to be there all my life . I want to make this school something that will last 100 years from now . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Razia 's Ray of Hope Foundation website at www.raziasrayofhope.org and see how to help .	Razia Jan opened a school in Afghanistan where girls can get a free education The school has taken measures to protect the girls from would-be attackers Many armed groups in the country oppose the idea of girls being educated Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
CNN  -- The drama of an American woman who unexpectedly found herself in a Mexican prison has just had a happy ending . But the plight of many other U.S. citizens kept against their will in foreign prisons continues , as anxious relatives desperately seek for a way to gain their release , Yanira Maldonado 's sudden arrest on by Mexican authorities -- who alleged she was transporting drugs , a charge she and her family vehemently denied -- sparked a national outcry . It helped her case that Mexico has good relations with the U.S. . Other captives , by contrast , have become the victims of complicated political and diplomatic battles between the U.S. and its foes . Today , there are a number of American citizens languishing in prisons , some of them off the map , their survival at the mercy of powerful players with intricate agendas of geopolitical blackmail . For their families , the ordeal is emotionally devastating and becomes incalculably complicated as they try to figure out whose advice they can trust , how to avoid saying the wrong thing and how best to proceed to gain their loved ones ' freedom . Kenneth Bae , the Korean-American owner of a tour company , was just sentenced to 15 years of hard labor , convicted for "  hostile acts " against North Korea . His sister , Terri Chung , said he was in North Korea as part of his job . "  We just pray " she said , asking "  leaders of both nations to please , just see him as one man , caught in between . " If Chung has reason for concern seeing her brother in the hands of a regime with little international accountability , the family of Robert Levinson , who disappeared in Iran six years ago , is not even sure who is holding him . Levinson , a retired FBI agent , was working as a private investigator on a cigarette smuggling case when he traveled to the Iranian resort island Kish in March 2007 . Almost immediately , he vanished . With tensions running high between Washington and Tehran , the U.S. government believed Iranian intelligence took him as a potential bargaining chip . But Iran denies knowing his whereabouts . For years , there were no signs of life ; many thought he 'd died . Then more than three years after his kidnapping , the family received a wrenching video of the emaciated father of seven , his voice breaking , asking the U.S. government to acquiesce to his captors ' demands : "  Please help me get home . " His wife and son posted their own video , describing Levinson as a loving father and grandfather , begging his captors , "  Please tell us what you want . " Six years after the kidnapping , Secretary of State John Kerry called on Iran and other international partners to help , even though during a 2011 congressional hearing , Sen. Bill Nelson said , "  We think he is being held by the government of Iran in a secret prison . " Another American , Alan Gross , was arrested by Cuba in 2009 while working as a subcontractor for the U.S. government , bringing equipment to allow Internet access to members of Cuba 's Jewish community . Diplomatic cables from WikiLeaks show the arrest came during times of heightened tensions between Havana and Washington . Havana accused him of working for U.S. intelligence . He was convicted of "  acts against the independence and integrity of the state " and sentenced to 15 years in prison . A Cuban Foreign Ministry official explained that "  t  o demand that Cuba unilaterally release Mr. Alan Gross is not realistic . " Clearly , Gross was a trading commodity . Havana wants to exchange him for five Cuban agents convicted in Miami in 2001 , one of them in connection with an incident that ended in the deaths of four Cuban-Americans pilots shot down by the Cuban military . The United States rejects the idea . Kerry declared that "  Alan Gross is wrongly imprisoned , and we 're not going to trade as if it 's a spy for a spy . " Gross ' family says Washington is not doing enough to help . The family has sued the contractor he worked for and the State Department , charging they sent him on his job without proper preparation , training or protection . It 's difficult for families to know how much to rely on the government 's help and how much to reveal to the public . The family of James Foley , a freelance journalist captured in Syria in November , initially requested a blackout on the news . The fear is that raising a captive 's profile can make him seem more valuable to his captors and harder to free . That is a risk , especially in a kidnapping for ransom by nonstate groups . But GlobalPost , Foley 's employer , now says it is convinced that Foley was taken by the Syrian government 's Shabiha militia and is being held by Bashar al-Assad 's forces . Also in government hands now is a California filmmaker , Timothy Tracy , arrested by Venezuelan authorities . His family says he was making a documentary about Venezuelan politics . The government says he was instigating unrest against the government of President Nicolas Maduro . President Barack Obama , during his recent visit to Latin America , called the accusations , "  ridiculous . " When a government is involved , a number of possible avenues of release emerge . In fact , the release can be used as a sign of respect for humanitarian norms or of good will , aimed at easing diplomatic tensions without losing face . These and other family ordeals continue , with little public attention focused on the struggle of people held against their will , pawns in a game in which they wield no influence . For those wanting to help , the best approach is to listen to families ' wishes . If they want silence , that should be respected . Otherwise , we should all Tweet , post , write and talk more loudly about the ordeals of Americans held prisoner for political reasons . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Dennis Rodman 's plea on Kenneth Bae reminds us of Americans held abroad She says a number of U.S. citizens are languishing in prisons as geopolitical pawns She says they 're held on trumped-up , dubious charges in Cuba , Iran and beyond Ghitis : We must let families take lead on reaction but be ready to raise voice for captives ' return
CNN  -- U.S. troops lent "  limited technical support " in France 's bloody and unsuccessful bid in Somalia to rescue an intelligence agent who 'd been held hostage for years , President Barack Obama said Sunday . Obama detailed the U.S. military involvement in the Friday night mission in a letter sent to the leaders of the nation 's two legislative chambers . The letter was released publicly as well . Are you there ? Send your photo , videos , but please stay safe . While U.S. forces "  provided limited technical support , " they "  took no direct part in the assault on the compound where it was believed the French citizen was being held hostage , " the president explained . In addition , U.S. military aircraft were available but were not used . "  United States combat aircraft briefly entered Somali airspace to support the rescue operation , if needed , " the president wrote . "  These aircraft did not employ weapons during the operation . " Obama said he directed the U.S. troops ' involvement in the operation "  in furtherance of U.S. national security interests , and pursuant to my constitutional authority to conduct U.S. foreign relations and as commander in chief and chief executive . " By 8 p.m. , all U.S. forces were out of Somalia . The moves came after French forces engaged in a fierce gunbattle with militants in their attempt to rescue hostage Denis Allex , who was a member of the DGSE , France 's equivalent of the CIA and a part of its defense ministry . The skirmish in Bulo Marer , about 75 miles northwest of the capital Mogadishu , ended with a French soldier and 17 Islamist fighters dead , according to the French Defense Ministry . Another French soldier is missing . French bid to rescue hostage fails French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told reporters in Paris on Saturday that "  everything leads us to believe that Denis Allex was gunned down by his captors . " French President Francois Hollande , meanwhile , lamented the "  sacrifice " of the two French soldiers and "  maybe the assassination " of the hostage . But the al-Shabaab militia , which is affiliated with al Qaeda , claimed Allex is unharmed and being held in a new location . The group said in a statement that they 'll decide the hostage 's fate in the next two days . Allex was abducted on July 14 , 2009 , while on a mission in Mogadishu in support of the transitional Somali government , the French Defense Ministry said . French media reports suggest that Denis Allex is a pseudonym for the military serviceman . French officials said they launched the rescue attempt after the terror group failed to negotiate for the hostage 's release for years while holding him in inhumane conditions . The U.S. military has been involved in Somalia before , notably in the ill-fated 1993 Battle of Mogadishu that ended with 18 American soldiers killed . U.S. forces were in Somalia to try to capture powerful Somali warlord Mohammed Aidid from his stronghold in the war-torn capital and take him to a ship anchored off the nearby coast . But by the end of the 16-hour battle in which commandos tried to seize several of Aidid 's top lieutenants , 18 elite Army Rangers and hundreds of Somalis lay dead in the streets of Mogadishu . The movie inspired the best-selling book "  Black Hawk Down " by Mark Bowden and an eponymous , Oscar Award-winning movie directed by Ridley Scott . Fourteen years later , the U.S. military re-emerged in Somalia by conducting airstrikes targeting al Qaeda-linked operatives in southern Somalia . Other strikes followed , including one in 2008 that killed an al-Shabaab leader and several other senior leaders of his group , according to local officials . CNN 's Greg Botelho and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	President Obama details U.S. military involvement in a hostage rescue in Somalia French forces failed to free an intelligence agent held by an al Qaeda-linked group French officials say 1 soldier died , 1 is missing , and the hostage is believed dead U.S. aircraft were in Somali airspace but did n't fire , Obama told Congressional leaders
CNN  -- Enietra Washington does n't remember the flash or the bang when she was shot . All she recalls is a stunned silence in the orange Ford Pinto , driven by the man who 'd offered her a ride to a party . The bullet that doctors pulled from her body in 1988 became a key piece of evidence against the man now suspected of being the "  Grim Sleeper " serial killer , blamed for the deaths of at least 10 women in the Los Angeles area between 1985 and 2007 . The .25 - caliber slug matched a weapon police now link to eight of those killings , which detectives say were committed by 58-year-old Lonnie David Franklin Jr. . Washington is the only known survivor of an encounter with the Grim Sleeper , whose nickname comes from a 13-year gap between slayings police blamed on him . But now , investigators are looking into whether Franklin can be connected to any more of another 230 Los Angeles-area slayings , including some they previously considered solved . Washington told HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that her attacker turned on her so quickly she hardly knew what happened . "  He does it unexpectedly , " she said . "  It 's not like the woman is forewarned and can even protect herself . If she 's not paying attention just as I was , you turn around to say something to him and he point-blank shoots you first . "  If you 're not in the grace of God and you know how to keep yourself from panicking , you 're at his will , " she said . Washington , then 29 , said she was drawn to the orange Pinto with the striped top . When its driver offered her a ride , she turned him down , only to have him retort , "  That 's what 's wrong with you black women . Men ca n't be men to you , " she recounted . She agreed to accept a ride to a gathering at a friend 's house , thinking she could pawn him off on someone there . After he stopped at what he said was his uncle 's house to get cash , she said he muttered something she did n't quite hear -- "  then all of a sudden , everything just went real quiet . " Only when her attacker told her , "  Bitch , I 'll shoot you again , " did she realize she had been shot a first time , she told HLN . Most of the sleeper 's victims were discovered dumped in south Los Angeles alleys and covered with debris , authorities said . All victims were shot ; some were strangled too , an indictment alleges . Prosecutors have said they will seek the death penalty against Franklin , who was arrested in July 2010 . A pretrial hearing is scheduled for November 7 , according to the district attorney 's office .	Enietra Washington is the only known survivor of the "  Grim Sleeper " killer At least 10 women fell victim to the predator between 1985 and 2007 A 58-year-old man is charged with the killings and could face the death penalty
CNN  -- The fiberglass head weighed 600 pounds and resembled Clarabell the Clown from the 1950s "  Howdy Doody Show . " Bill Ziegler , owner of the Wild Bill 's nostalgia store , stumbled across it on an artist 's Web site and wondered if it would work for a project he had in mind . Salem Sue stands watch in New Salem , North Dakota . She measures 38 feet tall and 50 feet long . Ziegler recruited the artist to help him attach the giant head to his 33-foot farm silo . By October 2008 , the pair had built the world 's largest jack-in-the-box . The jack-in-the-box extends 50 feet in the air , moving up and down approximately once a minute . "  They love it , " Ziegler said of the tourists who come to his store . He 's had visitors from as far away as England -- one couple who saw the story of the jack-in-the-box in a British newspaper decided to stop by . All across the country , roadside attractions like this one bring surprise and delight to travelers who just have to get a closer look . "  In many parts of the country , you can plan an entire road trip where you visit nothing but ` world 's largest ' attractions , " said Doug Kirby , the publisher of RoadsideAmerica.com . Kirby 's Web site pays homage to odd attractions -- from Ziegler 's jack-in-the-box in Middletown , Connecticut , to the world 's largest ketchup bottle in Collinsville , Illinois , to the world 's largest sundial in Carefree , Arizona . "  Travelers enjoy the noncorporate , somewhat ragged nature of these eclectic attractions , " Kirby said . "  They 're often free , and you can take a great ` wish you were here ' photo . " See photos of some "  world 's largest " attractions " Kirby picked five world 's largest attractions from his Web site . In addition to Ziegler 's jack-in-the-box , here are his top recommendations for adventurous road trippers : Ball of twine Visitors do more than snap a picture at the world 's largest ball of twine in Cawker City , Kansas . Linda Clover , self-described keeper of the ball , gives tourists twine to add it to the attraction . "  People like to be a part of it , " Clover said . "  It shows that with lots of patience and a lot of people helping out , you can end up with something very big . " Clover ended up in charge of the ball in a roundabout way . Farmer Frank Stoeber started the ball of twine in 1953 . When he died , his cousin took over . And when his cousin died , Clover stepped up . "  I know that people like to come and see it . And someone had to take care of it , " she said . "  My husband used to say that people asked me to do something and I could n't say no . " Clover keeps twine with her in case an interested tourist gives her a call . The ball measures more than 40 feet across . It contains 7.9 million feet of twine and weighs approximately 19,000 pounds . And every year in August , Cawker City hosts a twine-a-thon event to hold on to the world 's largest ball of twine record . Salem Sue Salem Sue , dubbed the world 's largest cow , is in New Salem , North Dakota . She measures 38 feet tall , 50 feet long and is made up of 12,000 pounds of fiberglass . Scott Schauer , producer of The Real North Dakota project , features Salem Sue on his Web site , which is dedicated to showing tourists the best of North Dakota . As a kid , Schauer used to drive by the cow with his family . He thinks many people pass similar road trip traditions on to their kids , hence their appeal . "  I remember being mesmerized by their monstrous size . No matter how many times I saw them , I always looked forward to seeing them again and again , " Schauer said . "  As an adult , I still look forward to seeing them . I guess some things do n't change with time . " Horseshoe crab The world 's largest horseshoe crab resides in a parking lot at the Freedom Worship Baptist Church in Blanchester , Ohio . Last year , the church 's pastor , Jim Rankin , hired Evel Knievel 's former bodyguard to jump over the crab on his motorcycle . The publicity stunt attracted nearly 8,000 visitors to the church . The crab is 68 feet long from its head to its long , spiky tail . "  It can have up to 65 people inside , " Rankin said . Peanut In the 1970s , Ashburn , Georgia , built a monument to the state 's No. 1 cash crop . Standing atop a brick tower along Interstate 75 , the world 's largest peanut can be seen for miles . The peanut is 33 feet tall with a 10-foot circumference . The peanut was featured on a Go-Gurt portable yogurt packet as a trivia question , said Shelley Zorn , Ashburn 's chamber of commerce president . It also showed up on a Food Network show . "  Hilarious , is n't it ? " Zorn said of the public 's love affair with the peanut . "  I can meet people on a cruise ... and I ask them if they 've seen it . Nine out of 10 people have seen that peanut , no matter where they 're from . " A legacy Recognition is the main reason people build the world 's largest attractions , Kirby said . His site rates places higher if they surprise his staff or make them laugh . iReport.com : See the "  world 's largest rocking chair " "  Towns build giant statues to promote themselves and take pride in local heroes , historic figures or industries , " Kirby said . "  Businesses commission creation of giants so they stand out from their competition . For individuals , a ` world 's largest ' something may be a hobby gone out of control . ... Creators fret about their legacy . This ` world 's largest ' may be how the world remembers them . " That is , until someone builds a bigger one .	World 's largest roadside attractions offer surprise and delight to travelers Largest ball of twine in Cawker City , Kansas , began in 1953 Freedom Worship Baptist Church is home to world 's largest horseshoe crab Expert : Recognition is main reason people build world 's largest attractions
CNN  -- Elan Gale , producer of "  The Bachelor , " is under heat for his live-tweet-turned-hoax aboard US Airways over Thanksgiving weekend . His live tweets about a feud with a disgruntled passenger went viral and garnered him tons of attention and sympathy . Turned out the whole thing was made up . Gale admitted it on Twitter . Should Gale not have made up the woman in 7a whom he called Diane ? Maybe . But then again he 's in the creative industry . He 's a writer . To me , what 's more fascinating is how quick we are to jump on any interesting human interaction . Gale conceived of a short story on Twitter and it was so good that hungry media outlets seized on it and spread the story like wildfire . If Gale wanted publicity , he got it . If the media wanted a good and verified story , it should have done its job of fact-checking . Gale just happened to live-tweet a fiction . But the bigger issue is : Is it OK to live-tweet other people 's conversations ? Based on my own experiences , I 'd say yes , to an extent . A few weeks ago , it was an unusually warm night in Brooklyn . I had a friend in town and we went up to the roof to enjoy the view . More groups of people came up and cluttered the smallish space . Suddenly a couple burst on to the roof . Simply put , they began breaking up on the roof , in front of everyone . It all seemed so familiar to me , the back and forth , the arguing between the couple . I 'll tweet out what they 're saying , I thought . I did n't think too much about it . It just seemed like a relatable situation . The breakup , #roofbreakup as it became known , started to pick up steam , and eventually went viral . I began to receive messages and tweets and e-mails from all over the world , with the overwhelming majority expressing their delight and joy in reading the tweet-sized transcript . But not everyone condones this behavior . Nisha Chittal , a social media content editor at MSNBC , posted an essay on Medium entitled , "  Please stop live-tweeting people 's private conversations . " Chittal mentions my #roofbreakup , Gale 's airplane feud  before it was revealed to be a hoax  , a date someone overheard on Amtrak , and the time where Tom Matzzie overheard former NSA director Michael Hayden 's phone conversation with reporters . Chittal says she believes it to be "  unethical and unfair to regular people to broadcast their lives to an audience against their will . " She 's right in some ways . However , except in the case of Michael Hayden , the people in her examples are anonymous . They just as easily could have been fiction , as in the case of Gale 's airplane feud , where the characters existed in an invented scenario to evoke people 's sympathy . But there is no harm if a conversation with universal appeal is shared publicly as long as the people remain anonymous . For example , with my own live-tweeting of #roofbreakup , I did n't give any clues as to who the couple were . When sifting through the endless responses sent my way in the wake of #roofbreakup , time and time again I came across "  oh I 've been there before " and "  sounds like my last breakup . " The only explanation for the level of exposure that my #roofbreakup got is that people connected with the situation . It was gossiping in the 21st century , except instead of using specifics and pointing out the people , it remained "  guy " and "  Rachel . " I did n't live-tweet a couple 's private conversation ; I live-tweeted any two people 's breakup conversation . Technology is quickly changing our lives and we are adapting accordingly . It 's so easy to communicate and share information and knowledge instantly . And now we have to deal with having private conversations in public spaces . But private and public are not always distinctly drawn lines . Sometimes the two mesh and things get blurry . As humans , we 're intrigued with the lives of other people . When other people 's lives parallel ours , we feel less alone in the world . The media knows this . Just as often as you read a headline about a natural disaster , you will see a headline about a personal disaster . Elaborate proposal videos go viral daily . Couples fighting in public get on YouTube . Go ahead and share the story you overheard on the street or cafe , just make sure to not give away the personal identities . A story with no specific names attached is no less fake than fiction . You may wonder : Did the #roofbreakup really happen ? You can believe me or not , but I promise you it did . Had I witnessed the breakup on my roof five or six years ago , I would have told everyone I knew about the crazy exchange . I would have walked back into my apartment and re-enacted it for my then roommates , embellishing and recalling every line I possibly could . But I witnessed the breakup in 2013 , and I communicated it in a way that seemed just as normal as any other . It just happens that I can tell the story to more people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kyle Ayers .	Elan Gale , producer of "  The Bachelor , " is under heat for his live-tweet-turned-hoax Kyle Ayers : Fiction aside , it is OK to post other people 's conversations on Twitter He says there 's no harm as long as the personal identities of the people are anonymous Ayers : A story with no specific names attached is no less fake than fiction
CNN  -- A man named as a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , police officer last week was captured at a shelter in Miami , Florida , on Tuesday , Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson said at a news conference . Miami Police Chief John Timoney said he had been alerted by Philadelphia police that the suspect , John Lewis , had taken a Miami-bound bus from Philadelphia . Acting on information from Miami Rescue Mission , officers went to a homeless shelter where they found Lewis , "  who was pretty easy to spot as he 's 6 feet , 270 pounds , " Timoney said . He was apprehended "  unarmed and without incident , " the Miami chief said . Timoney said it did n't appear that anyone in Miami was helping Lewis , according to CNN affiliate WPVI . Miami Police Officer Gil Gonzalez said Lewis "  had a Bible and was praying when we went to get him . He had a look of guilt , a look of shock . " Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street said people at the shelter recognized Lewis from televised photos of the suspect . Lewis is suspected in the October 31 shooting of Philadelphia Police Officer Chuck Cassidy . Cassidy was shot in the head when he inadvertently walked into a robbery in progress at a Dunkin' Donuts . He died the next day . Investigators told WPVI that Lewis was spotted on security video boarding a bus to Miami on Saturday night . Cassidy was one of three Philadelphia police officers shot in a four-day period last week . Mariano Santiago was shot in the shoulder late last Tuesday as he approached a vehicle . He is in fair condition . Officer Sandra VanHinkle was shot early last Sunday and is out of the hospital and doing well , police say . Former co-workers of Lewis who spoke to WPVI said they were surprised by the allegations against him . "  He was so nice , " Kiani Clark told the station . "  He was really nice . He did n't seem like the type that would hurt a fly . " The Associated Press reported that Lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges , which were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program . He was arrested again in June on drug charges , and that case is still pending , the AP reported . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Aurore Ankarcrona contributed to this report . Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Tip leads police to John Lewis at homeless shelter in Miami Lewis is suspected in fatal shooting of Philadelphia Ofc . Charles Cassidy Cassidy walked in on doughnut shop robbery last week and was shot , police say Philadelphia police alerted Miami counterparts that Lewis was headed that way
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- James Ian Tyson acknowledges that he is a political activist . He admits he has been arrested a couple of times for relatively minor offenses . But he insists he 's not a terrorist . Tyson , who describes himself on his Facebook page as a carpenter with a "  veggie farm , " says he has no idea how he wound up on the government 's terrorist watch list . He just wants to save the rain forest . The only dings on his record , at least as far as he knows , consist of fishing for trout out of season and driving while impaired . The 27-year-old , known as "  Jimmy " around Charlotte 's activist community , was pulled over Sunday near a building where protesters plan their demonstrations . He was charged with driving with a revoked license . And then he was thrown in jail under exceptionally high bail -- $ 10,000 . Vermin Supreme : The protester who would be president The arresting officer asked a magistrate to keep him behind bars for the duration of the Democratic National Convention , which ends Thursday night . He advised against releasing Tyson on his promise to show up for court . "  Why do you feel suspect is a risk ? " a bail sheet asked , and the officer wrote : "  Known activist + protester who is currently on a terrorist watch list . Request he be held due to DNC being a National Special Security Event . "  Both political conventions received the designation from the federal Department of Homeland Security . It freed up federal funding for security and put the Secret Service in charge . About 800 protesters marched through uptown Charlotte on Sunday in the first and largest of a week of demonstrations . Only a handful of people have been arrested at the convention in Charlotte , and the Republican National Convention last week in Tampa , Florida -- a sharp contrast to previous years , when hundreds of protesters were arrested . But there have been complaints at both conventions that the police presence is excessive , and the high security has chilled free speech . Tyson 's arrest has some observers wondering whether police crossed the line to suppress dissent . "  The question is whether or not the stop and the arrest and the attempt to get an unreasonably high bond amount was really a pretext for a police officer 's selective motivation to censor an individual 's political activity , " said Jason Huber , a professor at Charlotte School of Law . "  If that 's the case , then you 're in First Amendment territory . " He added it will be difficult to prove what was on the officer 's mind when he made what appears to be a legitimate car stop . "  It 's a question of what evidence is there to determine intent , " Huber said . "  There rarely is a smoking gun when it comes to establishing someone 's unlawful intent in a particular action . And you have to rely on circumstantial evidence . The circumstantial in this case is a bit suspicious . " Anarchists Target Political Conventions Charlotte-Mecklenburg police did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment . R. Andrew Murray , the Mecklenburg County district attorney , said that while the high bail was "  not typical for a revoked license charge , " the court document "  heightens our concern for public safety . " Tyson spent Sunday night and most of Monday in jail . He called a legal hot line for protesters and was given an attorney , Derek Fletcher . The Charlotte lawyer got before a judge , Lisa Bell , on Monday and convinced her to lower Tyson 's bail to $ 2,500 . He walked free on Monday night . "  I have done nothing wrong and have nothing to hide , " Tyson said as he left the Mecklenburg County Jail . "  I believe this is an attempt to stifle my First Amendment rights and keep my voice from being heard . " He said he was no longer interested in protesting during the convention , believing police had targeted him . "  At this point , " he said , "  I would like to go home and visit my parents and play with my dog . " Tyson is a volunteer with the Rainforest Action Network and has spoken at Occupy Charlotte events , according to the group 's website and Twitter feeds . His attorney said he was jailed in an attempt to muzzle him and prevent him from organizing protests . "  I firmly believe that Mr. Tyson has been profiled and has been singled out as an organizer , and I believe that the government in this case had the intention of suppressing speech before it was even exercised , " Fletcher said . "  I think it 's censorship pure and simple , and I have never seen a $ 10,000 cash bond on any kind of traffic charge . " Tyson agrees . "  I personally believe that this was purely politically motivated , " he said , "  solely , solely based on the pretext of getting me off the street , pushing me into a cell and throwing away the key for as long as they possibly could . " He owns up to his mistakes , and his brushes with the law . 5 OMG moments at the DNC "  I have n't been arrested for anything else even remotely political , " he said . "  The first arrest was for fishing out of season two days . I messed up , I was n't looking at the rules right , I apologized . I 'm a dedicated catch and release fisherman . I love fishing and fish is one of my passions . My other arrest was for a DWI , which I really regret . But I took responsibility for my actions . As a matter of fact , I was two weeks away from finishing my drug and alcohol courses in order to get my license back . " But he does n't understand how that got him on the government 's terrorist watch list . Federal authorities do not discuss how the list is compiled , or even confirm who is on it , according to the Department of Homeland Security . "  Just being on this list alone is really frightening for me , " Tyson said . "  This could potentially affect the rest of my life . And they have no cause , they have no cause to do that at all . Some of the questions that tumble around my head are : ` Who 's making these lists ? Like where 's the accountability ? Why am I on this list ? Why are other people on this list ? ' "  And most importantly , probably , ` How do I get off this list ? ' " CNN 's Joe Johns contributed to this report .	James Ian Tyson was jailed before the convention on a revoked license charge Tyson is reportedly on the government 's terrorist watch list Tyson says he 's an activist with a "  veggie farm " His attorney says police profiled Tyson , an environmental activist
CNN  -- Nickolas Ashford , one-half of the successful Motown singer-songwriter duo of Ashford and Simpson , died Monday afternoon , his longtime former publicist said . Liz Rosenberg , who in addition to having been their publicist described herself as a close friend of Ashford and his wife Valerie Simpson , said she was "  heartbroken " to hear of Ashford 's death . "  He was a true king , " she said . "  I loved him very much . " Ashford had been battling and was being treated for throat cancer , and Rosenberg said she believed his death "  was quite sudden . " His wife and children were at his bedside when he died , she said . He was 69 , reported imdb.com and numerous other sources . According to their MySpace page , Ashford and Simpson met in 1964 in New York City . Within two years , as songwriters with Scepter Songwriters , they scored their first hit with Ray Charles ' "  Let 's Go Get Stoned . " The couple then joined Motown Records , where they wrote a host of popular songs for the likes of Marvin Gaye , Tammi Terrell and Diana Ross including "  Ai n't No Mountain High Enough , " "  Ai n't Nothing Like the Real Thing " and "  Reach Out and Touch  Somebody 's Hand  . " Later in their careers , their songwriting credits included Chaka Khan 's "  I 'm Every Woman . " In the '70s , Ashford and Simpson went from songwriters to performers , releasing nine albums for Motown , Warner Brothers Records  like CNN , a division of Time Warner  and Capitol Records between 1973 and 1984 . Their biggest hit during that time was the song "  Solid  As a Rock  . " On stage , Ashford typically sported long curly hair , a goatee and a knack for hitting high notes . In 1996 , he established the Sugar Bar , a restaurant and live entertainment venue in Manhattan 's Upper West Side . According to its website , the bar showcases soul , jazz , Caribbean , African and other types of music and has been visited by numerous guests over the years such as Bruce Willis , Stevie Wonder , Maya Angelou and others . The Songwriters Hall of Fame inducted Ashford and his wife in 2002 , calling them "  one of the most prolific and versatile musical couples in recording history . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Ashford was married to Valerie Simpson , his partner in Ashford and Simpson They wrote songs such as "  Ai n't No Mountain High Enough " and "  I 'm Every Woman " The two also performed themselves ; their hits included "  Solid  As a Rock  " The couple were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2002
London  CNN  -- There 's a new menace lurking in the streets of London -- exploding sidewalks . It may sound like a joke , but for Indran Sivarajah , who experienced a near miss three years ago , it was no laughing matter . Sivarajah , who works for a communications firm , was walking along a sidewalk in the trendy Shoreditch neighborhood of east London when he saw a puddle . He stepped into the road to avoid it -- and two seconds later heard a large explosion just behind him . "  I turned back and saw a big fire gushing up , " he said . "  I could feel the heat from it . " One potential reason is that water or gas entered electricity cable boxes and cabling running under the sidewalks or pavement . The Health and Safety Executive , a UK public body that oversees safety in the workplace , has ordered UK Power Networks , which runs the power network for London , to carry out a major inspection program in the London area -- and "  find long-term solutions " to the problem . It was when he sat down at his desk , Sivarajah said , that he realized what a close shave he 'd had . "  If I had n't been avoiding that puddle , it could 've been me in that blast . I count myself very lucky , " he said . At least five people have suffered injuries in sidewalk explosions , according to information compiled by government officials since January 2012 . Three women were injured in a blast in central Edgware Road just over a year ago . One , age 55 , had 20 % of her body burned and was said to have suffered "  life-changing " injuries , London 's Evening Standard newspaper reported at the time . The other two also suffered burns . Another woman suffered whiplash injuries a month later when a cable box blew up in north London . In November , a cyclist who was knocked off her bike after a cable pit exploded to the west of the city was reportedly taken to a hospital , but no details of her injuries were given . Asked about instances of exploding sidewalks , UK Power Networks said there had been "  relatively few cases " where its equipment has developed a fault . It has about 100,000 cable boxes and 36,000 kilometers  22,369 miles  of cables under the city 's streets . "  We regularly inspect , maintain and reinforce our network to ensure that London maintains its position as the most reliable electricity network in Britain , " the company said in a statement . "  Underground equipment can always develop a fault , but most of the time it has no external impact . Some events have involved gas or third party damage and were not necessarily just caused by an electrical fault . " UK Power Networks said it was sending teams out to inspect thousands of cable boxes and pits each year and investing tens of millions of dollars over the next several years to ensure they are safe . The Health and Safety Executive said it had been informed of about 45 incidents involving boxes or cable pits owned by UK Power Networks since August of last year . Not all of them caused an explosion , it said . In some cases , passersby have seen smoke or flames come out of a manhole cover or from link boxes in the sidewalk , according to the government reports . In other instances , the cover for a cable pit has been blown off , damaging nearby cars or buildings . UK Power Networks distributes more than a quarter of the United Kingdom 's electricity , serving about 8 million customers in London , the southeast and east of England . It is owned by the Cheung Kong Group , a Hong Kong-based multinational conglomerate . It also operates electricity distribution businesses in Hong Kong , Australia and New Zealand . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 5 people have been hurt in London sidewalk explosions since January 2012 Health and safety body has ordered a major inspection program to fix the problem "  I turned back and saw a big fire gushing up , " says a London worker who had a near miss UK Power Networks says there have been "  relatively few cases " of such faults
CNN  -- The Philippine government said Tuesday that fresh rain in Visayas and Mindanao could set off flash floods and landslides , bringing the potential for more misery in places already struggling to recover from a deadly tropical storm . Eastern Luzon will experience cloudy skies with scattered rain , while the rest of the island will have mostly cloudy skies with light rain , the Philippine National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council  NDRRMC  predicted . On Tuesday , the national government offered a new death toll -- 1,453 -- then revised it again based on a count by Regional Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . The lower count means the death toll from the storm that lashed the southern Philippines more than a week remained unchanged from Monday : 1,249 . The bodies of people swept out to sea by flash floods from the storm have washed up on nearby beaches and islands , Maj. Reynaldo Balido , the military assistant for operations at the Office of Civil Defense , said Monday . The authorities have enlisted the help of local fishermen to help the continuing search and rescue efforts for the scores of people who remain missing , Balido said by telephone from the island of Mindanao , the scene of the worst devastation . He added that the fishermen volunteered , since many of them had lost friends and relatives in the disaster . The unusually heavy rains of Tropical Storm Washi , which churned across the southern Philippines between December 16 and 18 , resulted in landslides and flash floods that swept away whole villages . The authorities have had to carry out mass burials in order to deal with the large numbers of dead . "  I 've gone through many disasters but this one is the worst as some of the survivors have lost so many family members , " said Richard Gordon , chairman of the Philippine Red Cross . "  Some have lost as many as 30 relatives , " he said in comments posted recently on the organization 's website . The number of people injured as a result of the storm has more than doubled to 4,594 from 1,979 at the weekend , according to the NDRRMC putting more pressure on already stretched relief agencies The United Nations said last week that the storm has created "  huge " humanitarian needs in the region . It has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with the immediate problems , with tens of thousands of people displaced in and around the port cities of Iligan and Cagayan de Oro . Many people are lacking food , shelter and clean drinking water , the United Nations said . "  We have also established make-shift camps and relief centers for victims in local schools in the area , but because schools are opening on January 3 , we are looking to find them more permanent shelter , " Benito Ramos , head of the NDRRMC , said . The storm , known locally as Sendong , has affected more than 700,000 people in the region , the NDRRMC estimated Tuesday . President Benigno Aquino of the Philippines has declared a state of national calamity following the storm . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	NEW : The government revises the death toll , based on a regional count Flash floods and landslides are possible in Mindanao and Visayas The U.N. has made an appeal to raise $ 28 million to deal with the ` huge ' humanitarian needs
CNN Student News  -- Record the CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Narco State : The Poppy Jihad when it airs commercial-free on Monday , January 7 , from approximately 4:10 -- 5:00 a.m. ET on CNN .  A short feature begins at 4:00 a.m. and precedes the program . Program Overview Opium now makes up 46 percent of Afghanistan 's gross domestic product . Despite the millions of American dollars spent on eradication , poppy cultivation in Afghanistan remains out of control , with the heroin produced increasingly finding its way to the streets of America and Western Europe . In Narco State : The Poppy Jihad , CNN investigates why opium production has grown so much since 9/11 and how it is fueling the Taliban 's resurgence . Grade Level : 9-12 Subject Areas : Current Issues , Social Studies Objectives : The CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Narco State : The Poppy Jihad and its corresponding discussion questions and activity challenge students to : Curriculum Connections Social Studies Standard III : People , Places and Environments : Students will make informed and critical decisions about the relationship between human beings and their environment . Standard VII : Production , Distribution and Consumption : Students will learn about how people organize for the production , distribution , and consumption of goods and services . Standard IX : Global Connections : Students will examine global connections and interdependence . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/  are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://ncss.org/  . Discussion Questions 1 . What efforts have the Afghan government and the international community taken in recent years to eradicate opium poppies ? 2 . According to the report : What is the current status of poppy cultivation and heroin production in Afghanistan ? What percent of the world 's illicit opium poppies are currently being produced in Afghanistan ? 3 . Who are the Taliban ? What role does the program suggest that the Taliban currently plays in the production of Afghan opium poppies ? According to British journalist Peter Jouvenal , why is drug eradication a "  fantastic opportunity for the Taliban " ? 4 . Why do you think that the U.S. has a vested interest in helping the current Afghan government to succeed ? 5 . How is the recent resurgence of the Taliban in Afghanistan impacting the Afghan government and the U.S.-led War on Terror ? 6 . According to the report , why do many farmers in Afghanistan grow opium poppies , despite the fact that it is illegal to do so ? 7 . What is the goal of the U.S. government 's current poppy eradication efforts , according to Doug Wankel , director of the U.S. Counter-Narcotics Task Force in Afghanistan ? Do you think that this goal is achievable ? State your rationale . Suggested Activity Divide your class into three groups . Refer each group to the Web sites provided to prepare a presentation about either the political , economic or social aspects of opium production and drug trafficking in Afghanistan . Following the group presentations , ask students : 1 . Of these three categories , which do you think poses the greatest challenge for those who want to eradicate poppy cultivation in Afghanistan ? State your rationale . 2 . In your view , what might be the consequences for Afghanistan , the U.S. and other members of the international community if poppy eradication efforts fail ? 3 . Who do you think should be responsible for poppy eradication in Afghanistan ? EXTENSION : Group students and assign each group the role of the U.S. , Afghanistan or another member of the international community . Instruct each group to consult online resources to learn about what its nation is doing to combat the illegal drug trade . Next , conduct a mock summit where each group presents its nation 's strategy for addressing the war on drugs . Following the presentations , have students discuss the pros and cons of each strategy , and the lessons that might be learned . Wrap up the activity by having students write or videotape editorials in which they answer the following question : What approach should Afghanistan 's leaders and the international community take to address the war on drugs , and why ? Keywords Afghanistan , drug trade , narcotics , opium , eradication , poppies , farmers , alternative crops , United States , terrorism , Taliban E-mail to a friend	Examine the economic , political and social aspects of poppy cultivation Identify the challenges that Afghan officials face in banning opium production Assess national strategies for combating the illegal drug trade
More than 1,000 veterans may have died in the last decade because of malpractice or lack of care from Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers , a new report issued by the office of Sen. Tom Coburn finds . The report aggregates government investigations and media reports to trace a history of fraudulent scheduling practices , budget mismanagement , insufficient oversight and lack of accountability that have led to the current controversy plaguing the VA. . The VA has admitted that 23 patients have died because of delayed care in recent years , but the report , titled "  Friendly Fire : Death , Delay , and Dismay at the VA , " shows many more patient deaths have been linked to systemic issues affecting VA hospitals and clinics throughout the U.S. Coburn , an Oklahoma Republican and physician , says that if the VA 's budget had been properly handled and the right management had been in place , many of these deaths could have been avoided . "  Over the past decade , more than 1,000 veterans may have died as a result of VA malfeasance , " said Coburn , a three-time cancer survivor who says the government should offer veterans access to private hospitals . "  Poor management is costing the department billions of dollars more and compromising veterans ' access to medical care , " he said . Since November 2013 , CNN has been reporting on how veterans wait excessive periods for VA health care , causing some to die in the process . Coburn 's office says the VA has allocated about $ 20 billion since the beginning of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to numerous non-health-related projects , such as office makeovers , unused software licenses , undocumented purchases on government debit cards and the funding of call centers that received an average of 2.4 calls per day , among others . In 2013 , four VA construction projects in Las Vegas , Orlando , Denver and New Orleans cost an extra $ 1.5 billion because of scheduling delays and excessive expenditures , the report shows . Additional funds have been funneled into legal settlements . Since 2001 , the VA has paid about $ 845 million in malpractice costs , of which $ 36.4 million was used to settle claims involving delayed health care . Criticism of the VA 's budget has increased in light of a controversial performance bonus system that allegedly created financial incentives for managers to hide the fact that patients were waiting months for care . At a congressional hearing Friday , Gina Farrisee , the VA assistant secretary for human resources and administration , confirmed that 78 % of VA senior managers qualified for extra pay or other compensation in fiscal year 2013 , despite ongoing delay and malpractice controversies . Former VA Regional Director Michael Moreland received a $ 63,000 bonus in 2013 for infection prevention policies , for example , but the VA 's Office of Inspector General concluded that his policies failed . Moreland presided over the Pittsburgh VA , where an outbreak of Legionnaires ' disease killed six veterans in 2011 and 2012 . The report identifies crimes committed by VA staff , including drug dealing , theft and sexual abuse of patients dating back many years . Earlier this year , one former staffer at the Tampa , Florida , VA was sentenced to six years in federal prison for trading veterans ' personal information for crack cocaine . A CNN investigation recently uncovered an additional scheme at the Phoenix VA hospital , where records of dead veterans were changed to hide how many died while waiting for care . The VA 's inspector general is investigating 69 medical centers for allegations that administrators altered appointment data to make patient wait times appear to be shorter . A letter released Monday by the U.S. Office of Special Counsel rebuked the VA 's medical review agency for refusing to admit that delays in care have affected veterans ' health . Acting VA Secretary Sloan Gibson said in a news conference in Washington last week that he plans to remove more VA officials from their positions once he receives more information from the inspector general . Veterans neglected for years in VA facility , report says VA deaths covered up to make statistics look better , whistle-blower says	Sen. Tom Coburn looks at lack of care , malpractice at VA medical centers over the last decade The report from his office aggregates government investigations and media reports It says proper budgeting and management could have prevented many of the deaths The report also identifies crimes committed by VA staff
CNN  -- Ever had your credit card turned down at a fancy restaurant ? President Obama can commiserate . Speaking to workers at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau in Washington on Friday , he recalled a moment last month when , at the end of a dinner out in New York City , his plastic was declined . "  I guess I do n't use it enough , so they thought there was some fraud going on , " he said . "  Luckily , Michelle had hers . I was trying to explain to the waitress that I 've really been paying my bills . " The President and first lady dined at Estela in downtown Manhattan during Obama 's stay in New York for the annual United Nations General Assembly session in September . Based on a photo of their kitchen order that the restaurant posted online , we know the Obamas dined on burrata with salsa verde and charred bread , and an endive salad with walnuts and anchovies . The restaurant is run by a former staffer at Blue Hill at Stone Barns , a farm-to-table mecca in the Hudson Valley where the Obama family attended the wedding of their personal chef this summer . Obama was at the financial agency Friday to sign an executive order bolstering security measures for government credit cards .	The President says his credit card was declined while he was out to dinner with the first lady "  I guess I do n't use it enough , so they thought there was some fraud going on , " he said Friday "  Luckily , Michelle had hers , " he said , adding "  that I 've really been paying my bills " He told the story to workers at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau on Friday
Rome  CNN  -- An autopsy has determined that actor James Gandolfini 's death Wednesday was the result of natural causes -- a heart attack -- family friend Michael Kobold told reporters here Friday . "  There was nothing out of the ordinary , " he said . "  There was no foul play , there was no substance abuse , none of that . " The 51-year-old actor had arrived Tuesday with his son , Michael , at the five-star Boscolo Exedra Roma . "  Jim was happy , he was healthy , he was doing really fine , " Kobold said . "  He was on vacation with his son . He has an 8-month-old daughter . Everything was going great . I just spoke to him on Father 's Day . " Reactions to his death On Wednesday , the actor had visited the Vatican and dined at the hotel with his son , the family said in a statement read by Kobold . After he had returned to his room , Michael Gandolfini alerted hotel staff that his father was not answering his knocks on the bathroom door , said Tiziana Rocca , head of a film festival that the actor was planning to attend . Hotel staff then broke down the door to get to him and called an ambulance , Rocca said Michael Gandolfini had told her . The body has been turned over to a funeral director for embalming , Kobold said . Relatives were seeking to expedite the paperwork needed to repatriate the body on Wednesday or Thursday to New York , where a funeral was planned for Thursday , Friday or Saturday , Kobold said . ` Sopranos ' cast mourns Gandolfini Had he survived Gandolfini was to have traveled Friday to the Sicilian town of Taormina to receive an award at the Taormina Film Festival , set in the ruins of an ancient Roman arena . Festival organizers said that , in place of the award ceremony , they would hold a tribute to Gandolfini 's lifetime achievements . CNN 's Hada Messia reported from Rome .	An autopsy confirms James Gandolfini died of a heart attack , a family friend says "  There was no foul play , " he adds Gandolfini was taken to a Rome hospital Wednesday from his hotel The actor had been scheduled to receive an award at an Italian film festival
New York  CNN  -- The head of the International Monetary Fund , jailed on charges of sexual assault of a chambermaid in his New York City hotel suite , should consider stepping down for the good of the institution , Austria 's finance minister said Tuesday . "  Given the circumstances that his bail was not granted , he should think about whether he is damaging the institution , " Maria Fekter told reporters in Brussels , Belgium , during a meeting of European finance ministers . Dominique Strauss-Kahn , 62 , was denied bail by a Manhattan Criminal Court judge and remanded Monday to an 11-by-13-foot cell at New York 's Rikers Island jail complex . There , the man whom many refer to as DSK was placed on suicide watch -- a common procedure in high-profile cases , two sources with direct knowledge of the case told CNN . The case has shaken the IMF , an organization of 187 countries working to improve world economies by providing loans and guidance . It has also shaken the political world in France , where the Socialist Party politician was considered a front-runner to unseat President Nicolas Sarkozy . But until his next court appearance Friday , Strauss-Kahn will neither be working to save world economies nor to endear himself to French voters . Instead , he will be largely left alone -- denied contact with other inmates because of his high-profile status , said a New York Department of Correction spokesman who declined to be named . Ahead of Tuesday 's meeting to address the Greek debt burden , Spanish Finance Minister Elena Salgado said the alleged crimes of the IMF chief were "  very serious " and suggested letting "  justice take its course . " In Ireland , Minister of Foreign Affairs Eamon Gilmore called the incident a "  disruption . " "  There 's no doubt that an event like that does cause a disruption in the functioning of a body like the IMF when its senior figure is arrested , " Gilmore said . "  We have to wait and see how that works out , and we have to respect the legal process which is under way in New York . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague , who was with Gilmore in Dublin , told reporters he hopes the incident does not affect the "  many important decisions ... before the IMF . " "  At the moment it is important that it functions well , " Hague said . "  So we look to all concerned to make sure that it does . " Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny said he was confident the scandal would not affect the organization 's broader mission . "  Ireland as a country deals with the IMF as an institution , " Kenny said . "  We do n't get involved in any individual situations . " In Washington , U.S. Sen. John Kerry told reporters the situation involving the IMF chief was "  very troubling , if not damning . " "  You 've got to give it a few days to let that develop . But if the evidence is what it appears to be , I think it would be very difficult for him to manage . " On Tuesday , IMF spokesman William Murray said in a written statement that the IMF had had no contact with its leader since his arrest . In Strauss-Kahn 's absence , First Deputy Managing Director John Lipsky has been named acting managing director , "  and the fund continues its normal work , " Murray said . Murray also said Strauss-Kahn 's diplomatic immunity does not apply in the sexual assault case . "  The MD 's  managing director  immunities are limited and are not applicable to this case , " he said . He added , however , that any IMF-related documents Strauss-Kahn may have had with him or left in the hotel room would be governed by diplomatic immunity and should be returned to the Washington-based organization . A former French finance minister , national legislator and economics professor in Paris , Strauss-Kahn became the IMF 's 10th managing director in November 2007 . He is also chairman of the IMF executive board . The alleged victim is a 32-year-old single mother living in the New York borough of the Bronx who moved to the United States from the West African country of Guinea . She had been working at the hotel for at least two years , according to her attorney , Jeffrey Shapiro . "  Her world has been turned upside down , " he said . "  She is very scared about her future . " Shapiro said his client is cooperating with police and prosecutors , and would be willing to testify against Strauss-Kahn . Strauss-Kahn 's accuser picked the IMF chief out of a lineup Sunday at a New York police station , saying he was the man who had sexually assaulted her , according to a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . "  She 's recovering -- slowly , " said Blake Diallo , the general manager of a Harlem restaurant she frequents , who described himself to reporters as her friend . The alleged attack began Saturday around noon , when the housekeeper entered Strauss-Kahn 's $ 525 suite on the 28th floor of the Sofitel Hotel in Midtown to clean . New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said the economist emerged naked from a room , ran down a hallway after the woman , and attacked her . He shut the door , preventing the woman from leaving , according to a criminal complaint released by prosecutors . "  He grabbed the victim 's chest without consent , attempted to remove her pantyhose " and forcibly grabbed her between her legs , the complaint said . He also forced her to perform oral sex on him , Assistant District Attorney John McConnell said at Monday 's arraignment . The criminal complaint alleges that Strauss-Kahn forced the woman to engage "  in oral sexual conduct and anal sexual conduct " and tried to force her to engage in sexual intercourse . He faces charges that include two counts of first-degree criminal sexual act , one count of first-degree attempted rape , one count of first-degree sexual abuse , one count of second-degree unlawful imprisonment , one count of forcible touching and one count of third-degree sexual abuse . The most serious charge , criminal sexual act in the first degree , carries a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison . Afterward , the employee went to the front desk , and staffers alerted police , Browne said . By the time officers arrived , Strauss-Kahn had left in the hotel limousine , according to the law enforcement source . He called the hotel around the same time police got to the hotel to say he had left his phone behind and asked if it could be delivered to him at the airport . Investigators told the hotel staff member to agree to do so and police went to the airport . Two plain-clothes Port Authority police detectives led him off the plane , the source said . Strauss-Kahn 's attorneys pointed to their client 's lack of a criminal record and the fact that his daughter lives in New York as evidence that he was not a flight risk . Defense attorney Benjamin Brafman called the case "  very defensible . " But Criminal Court Judge Melissa Jackson sided with the prosecution in characterizing Strauss-Kahn as a flight risk and denying him bail . The impact of his arrest has perhaps been strongest in France , where Strauss-Kahn , where the Socialist Party leader had been considered a strong challenger to Sarkozy . But some observers said Tuesday that his political future appears bleak . "  If the accusations are true , Strauss-Kahn will not be able to run for president , " said Jacques Attali , a political analyst and a former top aide to late Socialist President Francois Mitterrand . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Ivan Watson , Richard Roth , Saskya Vandoorne , Caroline Paterson , David Ariosto , Raelyn Johnson and Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	NEW : "  She 's recovering -- slowly , " says friend of the alleged victim Sen. John Kerry says the case is "  very troubling if not damning " Spain 's finance minister says alleged crimes are "  very serious "
EW.com  -- Jason Statham is the B-movie bruiser of the moment . He appears in the occasional Guy Ritchie gangster head game , but his genre of choice is the revved-up testosterone action film . The key to his charisma is that he 's so much more cutthroat smart and elegant , and so much more coolly British , than an actor from the crash-cars-and-ask-questions-later school needs to be . With his shaved skull and handsome you-talkin ' - to-me stare , he 's like a Bruce Willis mad-dog avenger crossed with a more sociopathic James Bond . As Arthur Bishop , the title character of "  The Mechanic , " Statham is playing one of those super-stealth hitmen who can sneak into the most protected of lairs and slip away moments later with the target dead . The opening swimming-pool assassination is just clever enough to set you up for a hitman version of a heist thriller . But then Statham 's lone wolf is tricked into killing his longtime corporate associate  Donald Sutherland  . Feeling used , he tries to make up for his sin by taking Sutherland 's son under his wing -- a dissipated rich boy played by Ben Foster , who suggests a gnarled , hillbilly Justin Timberlake . How do Statham and Foster team up in this movie ? Simple : Statham , in about six minutes , teaches Foster everything there is to learn about being a master assassin . Before long , the apprentice is leaping off skyscrapers and wielding his weapon with fearless aplomb . The implausibility of "  The Mechanic , " even on its own genre-movie terms , is jaw-dropping . Yet I might have forgiven that had the movie tried to involve us in some more elaborately sneaky contract murders . As it is , "  The Mechanic " is ham-fisted pulp , like Robert Rodriguez 's "  Machete " taking itself seriously . It 's enough to make you want to see Jason Statham take a break from B movies and become the A-list character actor he deserves to be . C See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jason Statham is the B-movie bruiser of the moment The key to his charisma is that he 's so cutthroat , smart and elegant The implausibility of the film , even on its own genre-movie terms , is jaw-dropping
CNN  -- Some fans are upset about an auction of items alleged to have been taken from the site of a fatal crash that killed "  Fast & Furious " star Paul Walker . A pair of of Maui Jim sunglasses purported to have been worn by Walker during the crash , a fire extinguisher and and an alleged piece of debris from the accident scene have been put up for auction on BidAMI.com . According to a description on the site , the consigner of the lot of items up for auction was nearby when the fiery crash occurred on November 30 , 2013 , in the Santa Clarita , California , community of Valencia . The lot consigner collected the items "  once the site investigation was cleared with car debris hauled away and tape taken down , " according to the description . "  As the consigner walked the scene in disbelief and grief , he found a pair of sunglasses nearby in the ivy , " a description of the auction items on the site notes . "  After showing one of the officers , he was waved off . The glasses were dirty so he wrapped them in a handkerchief and put them in his pocket . " Walker and friend Roger Rodas died after the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT Rodas was driving slammed into a light pole and burst into flames . The New York Daily News reported that a rep from the auction site said the authenticity of the glasses was determined by the company using photos of Walker from the day of the crash . CNN has reached out for comment , but has not confirmed that the glasses did indeed belong to Walker . The sale announcement apparently garnered so much traffic that the BidAMI site crashed on Thursday . A Change.org petition has been started to stop the sale , and some fans have reacted negatively on Twitter . User Chloe Dawn tweeted , "  Someone is selling the sunglasses Paul Walker was wearing when he died . So disrespectful ... what is wrong with people ? " The founder and editor-in-chief of the celebrity site Rickey.org tweeted , "  Some terrible person is selling the sunglasses that #PaulWalker was supposedly wearing when he died . " LA Weekly reported that police are doubtful that the glasses actually are those worn by Walker when he died . "  As a department we doubt that they are actually Paul Walker 's sunglasses , " a spokesman for the Santa Clarita sheriff 's department told the publication . "  But who knows , maybe they are . Right now we doubt it . " At the time of his death , Walker was filming "  Fast & Furious 7 , " the latest in the very successful franchise that made him a star . On Thursday , Universal confirmed that filming of movie would resume March 31 in Atlanta , Georgia . The studio had earlier said they do n't plan to kill Walker 's character in the movie , but will instead "  retire " him .	A seller claims to have found items at Walker crash site Rep for auction site said sunglasses match photo of actor Police told LA Weekly they doubt glasses are authentic
An autopsy report , made public six months after Miriam Carey was shot dead after leading Washington police on a car chase from the White House to the Capitol , revealed that the 34-year-old woman was struck by five bullets from behind . Attorney Eric Sanders , who is representing members of Carey 's family in a wrongful death lawsuit against the government , said the autopsy proves the shooting was unjustified . Lt. Kimberly Schneider , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Capitol Police , one of the agencies involved in the incident , said the department would not comment on the pending litigation and while an investigation is ongoing . Schneider said the officers involved are on administrative leave . Sanders released the report on the six-month anniversary of the shooting , which captured national attention as the chase unfolded on cable networks and in the following hours when it was revealed the suspect was an unarmed dental hygienist from Connecticut with a 1-year-old in the backseat . Chase began at the White House On October 3 , Carey approached a White House checkpoint and was approached by Secret Service officers . She made a three-point turn , striking an officer who was trying to move a barricade into her path , before driving away , according to an affidavit filed in support of a search warrant . Police said the car sped down Pennsylvania Avenue toward the Capitol , where security vehicles stopped it at Garfield Circle . Carey put the car in reverse , hit a police car and drove away as officers fired at her . Dramatic video footage by a videographer for Alhurra TV , a Middle Eastern news outlet financed by the U.S. government , showed the black vehicle then speeding around a nearby traffic circle with a police car in close pursuit and then heading away . The car crashed into more security barriers a few blocks later , witnesses said . More shots were fired after the vehicle stopped , and the woman was hit several times , said Metropolitan Police Department Chief Cathy Lanier . The child was unharmed . One shot hit her in the head The office of the District of Columbia medical examiner said in the autopsy that one round struck Carey in the left side of the back of her head , and she was also hit three times in the back and once in her left arm . The report did n't determine in what sequence Carey was hit . Toxicology tests determined Carey did n't have alcohol or drugs in her blood . Her family has questioned since the day of the incident whether shooting Carey was the only way to end the chase , which went through the heart of the nation 's capital . Sanders said on Tuesday that Carey 's family members still feel police should have considered other options . The autopsy only "  confirms what we said . It was unjustified . " The family is suing the Department of Justice , the Secret Service and U.S. Capitol Police for $ 75 million . The lawsuit says Carey was unfamiliar with the area and mistakenly drove past the first guard post . When she tried to make a U-turn and drive away , a uniformed Secret Service officer threw a bicycle rack at her car , the lawsuit claims . Carey panicked when she was stopped near the traffic circle and surrounded by officers with their weapons drawn , the suit alleges . The family contends in the document there was no legal justification for officers to shoot her and doing so went against their training . Carey had passport , foreign currency in her car Police likely feared terrorism Law enforcement analysts said in the days after the shooting that officers were right to shoot . "  You do n't know if she has a bomb , " CNN 's Mike Brooks said in October . "  You do n't know if it 's a terrorist attack . The officers just do n't know . " He dismissed suggestions that police could have defused the situation simply by shooting out the car 's tires . "  If you are using deadly force , you are there to try to incapacitate the driver of that car -- of that weapon , " he said . "  If they did shoot the tires out , the car can keep moving . " Maki Haberfeld , chairwoman of the Department of Law , Police Science and Criminal Justice Administration at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York , added that police would have had no way of knowing whether Carey posed a threat as she got out of the car , and therefore the shooting was justified . "  We live in times of heightened alert as far as terrorist activities are concerned , " she said . "  The fact that she was not displaying a gun does n't mean anything , because bombers do n't necessarily display anything . They have the explosives around their waist , usually . "  It 's a matter of a split-second decision that the police officer needs to take before someone explodes himself . It 's all about the larger context . They just push the button , or it could be activated from a remote location . " Sister : Carey diagnosed with postpartum depression There were also questions about Carey 's mental state . A few months after her daughter was born , Miriam Carey was diagnosed with postpartum depression with psychosis , her sister told CNN 's "  AC360 " in October . Postpartum psychosis can cause delusions and paranoia , according to medical experts . "  There was n't a pattern . It was something that occurred suddenly , " Amy Carey-Jones said . "  She seemed overwhelmed . There was a lot of stress . "  There were not moments of her walking around with delusions . That was not what was going on . " She said her sister had been making progress with the help of counseling and medications . Carey-Jones said her sister relayed to her that doctors told her she did n't need the medication anymore . "  They tapered her off the medications , and she said she felt fine , " Carey-Jones said . She declined to discuss what medication Miriam Carey had taken . ` My sister did n't deserve this '	In October , Miriam Carey was chased by authorities after an incident at a White House gate She was stopped by police , backed away and was shot at as she fled Carey died later ; a 1-year-old in her car was unharmed Family is suing government , saying officers should have held their fire
CNN  -- CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour has broadcast from some of the world 's most challenging locations . Here , we bring together links to her documentaries and exclusive web-only footage . Generation Islam  2009 Christiane gives viewers a look inside the battle for the hearts and minds of youth in the Muslim world and travels to two of the places where the fight is most intense -- Afghanistan and Gaza . - Generation Islam - Video : The would-be suicide bomber Buddha 's Warriors  2008 Christiane meets the Dalai Lama and spends time with his flock for CNN 's 2008 special , "  Buddha 's Warriors , " where she explores how people whose religion commits them to love , kindness and non-violence confront severe political oppression . - Behind the scenes : Buddha 's Warriors - Interview with the Dalai Lama : On China | A moment of karma | On reincarnation Notes from North Korea  2008 Christiane travels to North Korea as the New York Philharmonic Orchestra makes a historic visit to one of the world 's most closed societies . She examines the tense standoff with the U.S. over nuclear weapons and provides a rare look inside a notorious , top-secret nuclear facility . - Notes from North Korea : Part 1 | Part 2 - Yongbyon tour : Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 - Behind the scenes : Amanpour 's notes Scream Bloody Murder  2008 Christiane reports from the world 's killing fields , where genocide has raged as the world watched -- and traces the personal accounts of those who tried to stop the slaughter . - Scream Bloody Murder God 's Warriors  2007 Christiane travelled to eight countries over eight months to examine the impact of the rise of religious fundamentalism as a powerful political force in three faiths : Judaism , Islam and Christianity . - God 's Warriors - Video : Rev. Jerry Falwell 's final interview Revolutionary Journey  2000 Christiane , who left Iran at the start of the Islamic Revolution , returns to the country of her birth for an inside look at a country that after years of conservative Islamic rule , voted to keep President Khatami in office and his democratic reform efforts alive . - Revolutionary Journey : Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3	CNN Chief International Correspondent , Christiane Amanpour presents "  Amanpour . " See her award-winning documentaries and exclusive web footage here In "  Scream Bloody Murder " Christiane reports from the world 's killing fields "  Revolutionary Journey " sees Christiane return to Iran to explore her birth country
CNN  -- Freestyle skier Jeret "  Speedy " Peterson , who won a silver medal at the 2010 Winter Games , died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound , police in Utah said Tuesday . The Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake responded to a 911 call from Peterson , 29 , Monday night , said Lt. Justin Hoyal . Peterson told police he was going to take his life and said he was in Lambs Canyon , between Salt Lake City and Park City , Hoyal told CNN . Officers found him deceased there at about 11:30 p.m. , he said . Peterson told an CNN iReporter in Vancouver , Canada , the cheers he received when receiving the silver medal in men 's aerials "  was one of the coolest feelings in the world . " He had competed in two previous Winter Games . According to a biography on the United States Ski and Snowboard Association website , Peterson picked up the nickname "  Speedy " at a summer ski camp in Lake Placid , New York , in the mid-1990s because coaches thought he resembled the cartoon character "  Speed Racer " with a big helmet . He won the 1999 U.S. Junior Championship and took bronze at two straight World Junior Championships in 2000 and 2001 . His signature jump was called the "  Hurricane , " which he failed to land in Torino , Italy , during the 2006 Winter Games , dropping him from third to seventh . The next day , Peterson was sent home after a post-party fight , according to the biography . Members of the U.S. Olympic Committee mourned Peterson 's passing . "  I know Speedy 's friends and family were incredibly proud of his effort in Vancouver , and his achievements were an inspiration to people all over the world , " said committee chief executive Scott Blackmun . "  The personal challenges Speedy has battled are familiar to all of us , and on behalf of the U.S. Olympic Committee , I 'd like to offer my sympathy to Speedy 's family and friends . Today is a sad day . " CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller contributed to this report .	Police say he called them with his location He was found dead in area east of Salt Lake City Jeret Peterson won silver medal at 2010 Winter Games
ISIS militants killed more than 300 members of a Sunni tribe in a recent series of executions , the Iraqi government said Monday . Some of the 322 people executed were women and children , Iraq 's Ministry of Human Rights said . The dead belonged to the Albu Nimr tribe , known for its fighting skill . Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Washington has n't been able to confirm those figures , but "  we have no reason to doubt their authenticity . " The latest incident came Saturday when 75 members of Albu Nimr were taken from their homes and killed in the desert near the town of Hit , said one of the tribe 's leaders , Sheikh Nabil Al-Ga ` oud . It has been unusual for ISIS militants , who refer to themselves as the Islamic State , to kill women and children . "  We are not surprised by their actions , " Al-Ga ` oud told CNN . "  Their religious leaders have given them an order to kill all of our tribe and take everything that we own because we are fighting against ISIS . " He said nine children and six women were killed in Saturday 's attack . A spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department condemned the ISIS attacks . "  This proves , once again , that  ISIS  does not represent anything but its warped ideology and provides more evidence , if any were needed , why our coalition partners , including Iraqis from every background , must work together to defeat these terrorists , " Jen Psaki said at the department 's daily briefing . The Albu Nimr , who number in the tens of thousands , are ready to fight to take back the town of Hit , Al-Ga ` oud said Saturday . The city was seized last month by ISIS fighters after weeks of fighting the tribesmen . Hit and neighboring Ramadi were holdouts in the Sunni-dominated Anbar province after ISIS swept in from Syria , taking town after town in the western province . Albu Nimr tribesmen were among those who fought them until they began running of out weapons and supplies . Al-Ga ` oud said an attack is "  imminent , " adding that "  we are getting the support we need , " in an apparent reference to backing by Iraq 's central government . A 2003 Brookings Institution report observed that , though most Iraqi Sunni tribes were loyal to Saddam Hussein in the days when he ran the country , the Albu Nimr tribe had mounted a protest against the former Iraqi strongman in 1995 after the execution of a noted member . The protest was put down by paramilitary forces loyal to Saddam . In general , however , Saddam respected the Albu Nimr . Since Saddam 's fall , they 've been tapped to oppose al Qaeda in Iraq . They were also part of last year 's Sunni uprising against the former Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and his Shiite-dominated government . They have been fighting ISIS but say they have n't received much support from the Iraqi government and international coalition members . Kirby said U.S. advisers were working hard to improve the competence and capability of Iraq 's army . "  The Iraqis are pushing back . They are going on an offensive against  ISIS  throughout the country , " he said . "  Now it is not a major offensive , but they are reaching out to some areas . "	Pentagon says death toll number is probably accurate Iraq government puts death toll from ISIS executions at 322 from one Sunni tribe Some of those killed were women and children , tribal leader claims U.S. says killings are further proof Iraqis must work with coalition to defeat ISIS
CNN  -- The aircraft that Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger heroically landed in New York 's Hudson River began its long ride Saturday to an aviation museum in Charlotte , North Carolina . The Airbus A320 , sans its wings and tail section , left a warehouse in Harrison , New Jersey , for the journey south , according to Shawn Dorsch , president of the Carolinas Aviation Museum . "  It 's very hard to miss , " Dorsch said of the fuselage . "  It 's not covered . " The museum has invited the 155 crew members and passengers from the "  Miracle on the Hudson " incident for a June 11 arrival reception , at which Sullenberger is the scheduled keynote speaker , Dorsch told CNN . On January 15 , 2009 , US Airways Flight 1549 left LaGuardia Airport and ran into a flock of geese that damaged both engines , forcing the crew to make an emergency landing in the frigid Hudson . Rescuers quickly reached the aircraft and found passengers standing on its wings . Everyone was rescued . Sullenbeger , who retired in March 2010 , and other crew members became instant celebrities . J. Supor & Son Trucking and Rigging Co. in New Jersey has donated the considerable cost of transporting the aircraft , Dorsch said . About 40 vehicles are in the entourage , which reached Rutgers University later Saturday . Because the rig 's height wo n't allow the plane to go under older interstate bridges , some of the move will be on other highways , where wires and some stoplights will have to be temporarily moved , Dorsch said . The plane will be shown off at the Charlotte museum 's main hangar . "  It will be on display almost as soon as it arrives , " Dorsch said . US Airways and Airbus mechanics will reassemble the aircraft , including its wings and tail section . Much of that work will be completed by the fall . Sullenberger 's uniform , passenger belongings and other artifacts will be part of the display , he said . The cabin will look much as it did during the flight , Dorsch added . Between 30,000 and 35,000 visitors visit the museum annually . Dorsch expects that number will triple within 18 months of the exhibit 's opening . Most of the flight 's passengers still live in the Charlotte area , he added . The incident represents the height of technical achievements in safety and human heroism , the museum president said . Dorsch recalled taking the next flight after Flight 1549 and seeing the plane in the Hudson River . "  I was thinking , ` That could have been me , ' " he said .	US Airways plane will have new home at North Carolina museum Crew of Flight 1549 was forced to land plane in Hudson River The Airbus 320 will be reassembled in Charlotte Capt. Sullenberger is expected to speak at a June 11 reception
NATO has scrambled fighter jets more than 400 times this year to intercept Russian military flights close to alliance members ' airspace in Europe , the alliance 's secretary general said this week . That 's a 50 % increase in Russian air activity over last year and the kind of activity that harkens back to the days of the Cold War , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said during a visit to NATO member Estonia on Thursday . "  This pattern is risky and unjustified . So NATO remains vigilant . We are here . And we are ready to defend all allies against any threat , " he said at Amari Airbase in Estonia , where U.S. , German and Estonian troops were gathered . Stoltenberg said few of the Russian flights had actually violated the airspace of NATO nations , but he said the way the Russian planes operate threatens civilian aviation in the region . "  They are not filing their air flight plans . They are not turning on the transponders . And they are not communicating with the civilian air traffic control , " he said . "  We are calling on Russia to conduct their military air activities in a responsible way and respecting international norms for this kind of air activity , " Stoltenberg said . In a report earlier this month , the European Leadership Network listed more than 40 "  close military encounters between Russia and the West " that took place in the eight months from March to October of this year . Three of those , including a near collision between a Russian military plane and a Swedish passenger aircraft carrying 132 people , were classified as "  high-risk " incidents that could have led to direct military confrontation between Russia and the West , according to the report , titled "  Dangerous Brinksmanship . " Russia also has said it will expand its military flights , with Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu saying this month that Russian military aircraft would be flying along U.S. coasts and even into the Gulf of Mexico . "  We have to maintain  Russia 's  military presence in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific , as well as the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico , " including sending bombers "  as part of the drills , " Shoigu said . Stoltenberg , continuing his Baltic trip in NATO ally Lithuania on Friday , said the alliance is not standing idle as Russian activity increases . Visiting the Karmelava Airspace Control Center , he said NATO 's air policing mission in the region "  has been significantly strengthened in the recent months . " "  And we have also deployed more ships in the Baltic Sea . And since the start of this year , NATO allies have conducted over 200 exercises , " Stoltenberg said	That 's a 50 % increase in Russian air activity over last year , secretary general says Russian planes are not following air traffic control norms , Jens Stoltenberg says "  This pattern is risky and unjustified , " he says Stoltenberg , who 's on a trip to the Baltics , says NATO is n't idle as Russian activity increases
CNN  -- California Chrome 's 2014 has been something of a roller-coaster ride but the year could still end on a high in the colt 's final race of the American thoroughbred horse racing season at Del Mar. . The peaks of a Kentucky Derby triumph and a six-race winning streak have been matched by the disappointing lows of narrowly missing out on the Triple Crown and a three-and-a-half-month layoff to rest . Yet victory in the Hollywood Derby on Saturday could be enough to consign those darker memories to the past and fire the three-year-old chestnut colt to the prestigious Horse of the Year accolade at January 's Eclipse Awards -- an annual ceremony recognizing the year 's best thoroughbred horses . "  Winning the award after all these setbacks would be even sweeter , " California Chrome 's trainer Art Sherman told CNN . "  It would be a great accomplishment for California Chrome and the highlight of the year for him . To win the Eclipse would really be something special . " Coming out on top at the Grade 1 meet at California 's Del Mar racetrack will be no easy task , however , given that it will be his maiden race on turf . In the days leading up to the event , Sherman and jockey Victor Espinoza have been working the horse hard on grass in anticipation that he will feel as at home there as he has done for much of the season on dirt . "  I do n't think him running on grass for the first time will be a problem myself , I have a good feeling about this , " Sherman says . "  If he gets the win then I think he deserves to be named Horse of the Year . To win on grass would be a whole new dimension for him , with his running style , so the voters would have to appreciate that . " An eventful year Victory on grass would seal a fourth Grade 1 triumph of the year -- two more than any of his rivals have managed in 2014 . The three previous successes came at the Santa Anita Derby , the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes -- part of a six-race winning streak that captured the American public 's imagination and set up the possibility of a first Triple Crown win in the sport since 1978 . "  He got better and better as he turned three , he just got more mature , " says Sherman , who became the oldest trainer to win the Derby in May at the age of 77 . "  He really is something else , the Real McCoy . I 've had some great horses , but I 've never had one like him . " The Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes triumphs , however , could not be replicated in June 's Belmont Stakes -- the three-year-old had to settle for fourth -- and so the wait for a 12th horse to achieve the Triple Crown goes on . Steve Coburn -- one of the horse 's two principal owners -- reacted to the loss with a barrage of unsporting criticism and was later humiliated in the media for what was perceived as a severe case of sour grapes . He later apologized . Sherman , meanwhile , still struggles to talk about the Triple Crown near miss , and California Chrome himself has yet to record a victory since the disappointment at Belmont Park . "  I thought we could win that Triple Crown going into the last race , " Sherman recalls . "  But California Chrome had problems in the race -- he was stuck and could n't get out , he was stuck down in the railing . "  You hate making excuses for the horse , except I think he could have been the winner , I really do . The Triple Crown would really have been something . It would have been a real highlight . " Despite the setback , Sherman remains confident that the chestnut colt 's record this year will be "  enough " to at least secure the three-year-old-male title at the Eclipse Awards , with a trophy being presented to the most impressive horse in each division . Ifs and buts Had California Chrome won the Breeders ' Cup Classic in October the Horse of the Year award may have been a formality , but he could only finish third . The controversial race perhaps should have been more fruitful had Bayern and Toast of New York -- who finished first and second respectively -- been disqualified for early collisions involving the unfortunate Shared Belief . "  It was frustrating watching the way the start went , it was very controversial ... we 're dealing with a $ 5 million race here , " says Sherman . "  If we 'd have won the Breeders ' Cup Classic , the Eclipse Award would have been tied up by now . If there had been a double disqualification then we would have won . " "  But timing is everything in this game , " Sherman adds on California Chrome 's return from his rest period . "  I never got the chance to get a strong race out of him afterwards . I think that 's what cost us the Breeders ' Cup , to be honest with you . " Looking ahead While 2014 appears to be tinged with a sense of regret for Sherman , it is still a year that has brought about unforeseeable levels of success , and the future remains bright for California Chrome . Despite persistent rumors that the three-year-old might not even race next year , it has since been confirmed that the chestnut colt will be back on the track in 2015 . "  The success this year has n't come without its setbacks . But when you 're running horses you 're always going to have setbacks and you ca n't have a perfect trip , " Sherman says . "  I was n't 100 % sure if he was going to race anymore . There were rumors that people were going to try to buy him , but the owners want to race him at four years old . "  He will be racing next season and the future is looking good , you bet . " Lost among the excitement of looking ahead to the future for California Chrome , while also reflecting on this year 's achievements , it can be easy to forget about the horse 's humble beginnings and just how the story all started . Coburn and co-owner Perry Martin splashed out a mere $ 10,000 in total , paying $ 8,000 for mare Love the Chase in 2009 , before then later breeding her to stallion Lucky Pulpit for a reduced fee of $ 2,000 . Fast forward to today , and that investment has produced an offspring which has amassed $ 4 million in career earnings , is said to be worth in the region of $ 12 million and is potentially one race away from being crowned the supreme horse of 2014 . "  Winning the award would really be something , and what a great story for everyone to write about given the horse has gone from a $ 10,000 investment to making the money he has made , " Sherman says . "  It 's a poor man 's dream . "	California Chrome aiming to end historic year in style at Hollywood Derby on Saturday Trainer Art Sherman hopes a win can clinch top U.S. thoroughbred award The chestnut colt has won three Grade 1 races during 2014 including the Kentucky Derby Three-year-old narrowly missed out on Triple Crown after placing fourth in Belmont Stakes
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Haitian police shot and killed a man they suspected of stealing rice in earthquake-ravaged Port-au-Prince on Thursday , leaving his body on the sidewalk for hours as his family mourned . The dead man 's mother identified him as Gentile Cherie , a 20-year-old carpenter . A companion with him was wounded , and a third man nearby was hit by what he said was a stray bullet . Witnesses said no one was looting at the time . Josef Josnain , the owner of a shop near the city 's airport , said the five bags of rice the men were found with fell from a truck and passers-by picked them up . And Cherie 's wounded companion , who did not give his name , said a truck driver gave them the rice . "  A truck stopped and we jumped on , and the driver gave us the rice as a gift , " he said . "  But the cops shot us . " A CNN crew spotted police stopping the two men Thursday afternoon . They stopped to film the arrests , but while they were getting out of the car , they heard four gunshots and saw the men on the ground . Both had been shot in the back . A third man , Auxilus Maxo , was wounded by a stray bullet near the scene . He told CNN he was hit in the side while waiting for a bus -- after applying for a job as a police officer . Marc Justin , a senior police officer in the area , said he would investigate the killing and said there was no shoot-to-kill order for suspected looters . "  Nobody can do this in any country , " Justin said . "  Even if somebody was stealing a bag of rice , nobody has a right to do this . " Justin said he had called for an ambulance for the wounded man , but none appeared . Instead , the man was picked up by members of the U.N. peacekeeping mission MINUSTAH who happened on the scene after the shooting . Shopkeepers retrieved the rice left behind . CNN sought comment from the Haitian government about Thursday 's incident . There was no immediate response . Twitter updates l Full coverage Sporadic looting has broken out in Port-au-Prince , where relief workers have struggled to get food , water and medical aid into the hands of survivors of last week 's magnitude 7.0 earthquake . Reports of police firing on looters have surfaced as well , but CNN has been unable to independently confirm them . The Haitian National Police have been criticized for alleged abuses for years . A 2009 report by Human Rights Watch criticized its officers for the use of "  excessive and indiscriminate force , " including involvement in kidnappings , torture and arbitrary arrests . Meanwhile , the force "  is largely ineffective in preventing and investigating crime , " it found . List of missing , found in Haiti Reforming the national police is one of the major goals of the U.N. mission dispatched to Haiti after the 2004 revolt that forced then-President Jean-Bertrand Aristide from office . But a 2009 report for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights concluded , "  The relationship between the population and the Haitian National Police is still characterized by suspicion , accusations of brutality , human rights violations and complicity with criminal and corrupt elements . " Are you there ? l Impact Your World An Amnesty International report last year found the number of reported abuses appeared to be on the decline -- but at least two people died in police custody , and reports of excessive force , fatal shootings and warrantless arrests continued . Two-and-a-half hours after the shooting Thursday , Cherie 's body remained on the sidewalk .	Dead man 's mother identified him as Gentile Cherie , a 20-year-old carpenter Companion with him was wounded , and third man nearby says hit by stray bullet A CNN crew spotted police stopping the two men Thursday afternoon CNN crew heard 4 gunshots while getting out of the car , saw 2 men on ground , shot in back
Singapore  CNN  -- A police investigation into one man 's death has now become an issue between two countries . Singapore 's Foreign Ministry on Sunday said it was "  deeply disappointed " by the attempt of two U.S. senators to block funding to the country 's state-backed Institute of Microelectronics in a dispute over the investigation into the death of American who had worked there . U.S. Sens. Max Baucus and Jon Tester of Montana recently introduced a measure to block U.S. funding to the institute until U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder certifies that the FBI had full access to all evidence related to the death of research engineer Shane Todd . Todd 's parents , who are from Montana , had raised the issue with the senators in early March . Baucus told reporters in Washington that he will work until he is "  satisfied that the parents have closure , and I am convinced there has been no national security breach or improper transfer of technology that puts America at risk . " According to a statement from the senators , in 2010 , IME received nearly $ 500,000 from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , part of the U.S. Department of Defense responsible for the development of new technologies for use by the military . It was unclear what proportion of IME 's overall budget the U.S. funds amounted to . Parents call death suspicious Todd was found hanged in his apartment in June , just days after resigning from a job at IME . His death was reportedly called a suicide in initial reports by a Singapore coroner . A further investigation is under way in Singapore before a final coroner 's report . Todd 's parents consider their son 's death suspicious and think he could have been killed because of his work on a semiconductor project between IME and the Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei . READ : Montana family disputes Singapore police probe into son 's death The Singapore police last week issued a statement asserting that they were cooperating with the FBI and said they also told the FBI they will share evidence obtained so far "  in accordance with the legal framework of both countries . " The senators ' latest move came despite a meeting between Baucus and Singapore 's Foreign Minister K Shanmugam on Tuesday . Shanmugam has said IME is subject to "  rigorous internal audits " and offered to allow the United States to conduct its own "  process audit " of IME as well . Hard drive holds evidence ? Singapore police have also sought help from the FBI to obtain a hard drive that had been in Shane Todd 's apartment and may contain relevant evidence . His parents say they found the drive in their son 's apartment after police had already conducted their search . They also have said that experts who 've examined the drive say someone accessed the drive after Todd 's death . The parents have told CNN they are holding the drive "  at an undisclosed location . " Both IME and Huawei have denied any joint projects related to Todd 's work were being conducted . Security concerns Huawei is one of the world 's largest telecommunications equipment makers . Along with its Chinese rival ZTE , it has been seeking to expand its business in Western markets . But at times , the two companies have met with resistance over security concerns and fears over their ties to the Chinese government . In October , a report prepared by the U.S. House Intelligence Committee said that "  the risks associated with Huawei 's and ZTE 's provision of equipment to U.S. critical infrastructure could undermine core U.S. national-security interests . " The two Chinese firms disputed the reports ' findings , saying their products were safe for use in the United States . Todd 's parents say his work had involved the use of an advanced semiconductor material Gallium Nitride , which has both commercial and military applications . They say he had expressed concerns about the legality of his work and whether it could be harmful to U.S. security . Singapore denies there were any illegal transfers of technology between IME and Huawei . In a statement from Singapore 's Foreign Ministry , Singapore also objected to the "  pressure " in this case and said the country has "  made every effort to be open and transparent in both the investigation of Mr. Todd 's death and the IME 's projects . " "  We will let the outcome of the investigation and coroner 's inquiry speak for themselves . "	Montana senators aim to stop funding Singapore firm after U.S. employee 's death Research engineer Shane Todd was found hanged in his apartment last June Singapore coroner called it a suicide , but Todd 's family says his death was suspicious Todd was working on semiconductor material Gallium Nitride , which has military uses
CNN  -- By a narrow margin of about 4,300 votes , Arizona voters approved a ballot measure that would legalize medical marijuana , state election officials said Sunday . With all precincts reporting , the "  yes " votes on Proposition 203 have 50.1 percent of the vote to 49.8 percent of "  no " votes , according to unofficial results posted on the Arizona Secretary of State 's website . More than 1.6 million votes were cast . Officials in Maricopa County , where the city of Phoenix is located , posted their final update to the unofficial results from the November 2 election on Saturday . At the time , authorities said the race was too close to call . The Marijuana Policy Project , in a statement , heralded the vote , saying it will allow patients who suffer from cancer , AIDS and other illnesses to use medical marijuana with a recommendation from their doctor . "  Voters in Arizona have sided with science and compassion while dealing yet another blow to our nation 's cruel and irrational prohibition on marijuana , " said Rob Kampia , Marijuana Policy Project executive director , in the statement . "  Arizona 's law now reflects the mainstream public opinion that seriously ill people should not be treated like criminals if marijuana can provide them relief , and that doctors should be able to recommend marijuana to patients if they believe it can help alleviate their suffering . " The Marijuana Policy Project provided funding and support to the Arizona Medical Marijuana Policy Project , the group that ran the Proposition 203 campaign , the group said . The national organization bills itself as the United States ' largest marijuana policy reform organization , and says on its website it would like to see marijuana regulation similar to that of alcohol . Since 1996 , 14 other states and the District of Columbia have passed medical marijuana laws . The proposition will allow the establishment of about 120 state-regulated clinics to dispense marijuana , according to the organization . Those living more than 25 miles from a clinic will be allowed to grow their own medicine . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Arizona joins 14 states and the District of Columbia The Marijuana Policy Project says it welcomes the vote The measure passed by a narrow margin
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- A Briton bested competitors from 51 other countries to win the recent World Barista Championship in Atlanta , Georgia . The World Barista Championship poured into Atlanta , Georgia , this year after serving Denmark last year . Winner Gwilym Davies said the caffeinated competition was more difficult than other events he has participated in . "  In sports , I was able to run harder , or tackle harder ... but this , I still have to keep composed , and watch the shots , " the pushcart owner told CNN on Sunday . "  I found it tougher . " Each competitor served four espressos , four cappuccinos and four signature drinks . Despite incurring a penalty for running 17 seconds over the 15-minute limit , Davies ' prowess steamed him to the fore of the competition . Watch contestants battle for title " "  It brings together a group of people from all around the world and we currently have a structure of 61 nations that are part of the family , " said Cindy Chang , executive director of the World Barista Championship . The competition was held during the annual meeting of the Specialty Coffee Association of America , which attracted thousands of participants from around the world . In addition to winning an espresso machine , Davies will travel extensively this year representing the specialty coffee community . In what some view as a strange twist , none of the champions over the past decade has come from a country that grows coffee . "  It does seem kind of perplexing , because what we look for in this competition is for the baristas to tell a story , show that they have a broad coffee knowledge , " said Chang . "  And the baristas from coffee-producing countries seem to have an easy access to this . " Davies said he owes his success to his willingness to improvise . "  There were 256 different drinks that we could have made , " he said . "  We tried a few and added the ingredients . But it was still a bit risky ... and we got away with it ! " The next world championship is to be held next year in London , England . CNN 's Felipe Bernal contributed to this story .	Gwilym Davies wins this week 's World Barista Championship in Atlanta Each competitor served 4 espressos , 4 cappuccinos and 4 signature drinks Strange twist : None of past decade 's winners hail from a coffee-growing country
CNN  -- Barbie boasts an extensive resume of more than 150 careers , from fashion model to nurse , astronaut , veterinarian , firefighter , aerobics instructor and rapper . Now , Barbie is leaning in with a 21st century gig as an entrepreneur . Entrepreneur Barbie is available in four ethnicities and carries the essentials of start-up life : a tablet , smartphone and briefcase . Mattel says it hopes to inspire a generation of female entrepreneurs with Entrepreneur Barbie , which went on sale Thursday on Amazon . She also comes with a marketing back story in which Mattel partnered with eight real-life female entrepreneurs to serve as "  chief inspiration officers . " "  Having positive role models for dolls that are inspiring young girls to be entrepreneurs is exactly what we need to inspire a generation of young women to start running businesses , " Reshma Saujani , founder of Girls Who Code , said in an interview with TechCrunch . "  You ca n't be what you can not see . " "  To me , Barbie has always been a way to live out each and every one of my dreams and that young women today have Barbie as a role model , an icon in the form of an entrepreneur is so exciting and the best form of inspiration , " said Jennifer Fleiss , co-founder of Rent the Runway . In typical start-up style , Entrepreneur Barbie made her debut by hosting a Twitter #BarbieChat in which she invited her #CIOs to share stories of "  breaking glass  and plastic  ceilings . " While many participants in Wednesday 's Twitter chat praised Barbie 's latest career , Mattel faced familiar criticism for pink-washing the message . Entrepreneur Barbie comes wearing a fitted pink dress in her usual unrealistic proportions . "  If we 're talking representation , let 's take a step back . It is impossible to ever grow up and be Barbie . She 's anatomically impossible  unless you get tons of plastic surgery and survive on light and air  , " writer Sarah Gray said in a Salon column . "  Entrepreneur Barbie is modern woman with her smartphone and her tablet stuck in a sexist , outdated , dangerous representation of femininity . I take umbrage with the fact that , even though this doll is backed by an awesome group of diverse women  $ " aimed at providing positive representation  $ " Barbie still represents this problematic view of women . " The backlash is nothing new . Barbie caused a stir in February when Mattel and Sports Illustrated revealed that she would appear in the 50th anniversary edition of its annual swimsuit edition . The partnership included a promotional cover-wrap on 1,000 copies declaring Barbie "  the doll that started it all , " a four-page advertising feature inside the magazine and video outtakes posted online . The doll was also available for sale at Target . Mattel stood by Barbie 's "  unapologetic " stance , and continues to use the #unapologetic hashtag in its social media campaigns for Entrepreneur Barbie . Do you think Entrepreneur Barbie is a suitable role model for children ? Share your take , and your favorite iteration of Barbie , in the comments section below .	Mattel says it hopes to inspire female entrepreneurs with new Barbie Entrepreneur Barbie partners with eight real-life female entrepreneurs Some criticized Mattel for suiting up Entrepreneur Barbie in a pink dress and her usual proportions
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Police in the Indian city of New Delhi were probing an alleged rape of a 7-year-old girl , a case that sparked angry protests Friday . No arrests have been made in the act , which allegedly occurred in the municipal school where the girl studied . TV footage showed the demonstrators pelting a bus with stones and smashing its windows , with police trying to control the protests . Sexual assault on females is a hot-button issue in India . The country is still reeling from the horrific allegations against five men and a juvenile who are accused of gang raping and murdering a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi in December .	Police in New Delhi were probing an alleged rape of a 7-year-old girl in municipal school No arrests have been made in the case that sparked angry protests in the Indian capital A footage showed the demonstrators throwing stones and police trying to take control
CNN  -- A key province near Iraq 's capital is in trouble amid an onslaught from ISIS forces , the U.S. defense secretary said Friday , signaling the Islamist extremist group is continuing to flex its muscles and expand its territory -- on several fronts -- despite international airstrikes . Speaking to reporters during his travels in South America , U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said there 's a lot of uncertainty about what will happen with Anbar province , which is just west of Baghdad . These comments are in alignment with those of a senior U.S. defense official who told CNN that Iraqi forces are "  up against the wall " in Anbar . Some units are in danger of being cut off by the advancing militants , who call themselves members of the Islamic State . The Iraqis ' ultimate goal is to take back some of the vast areas , in both Iraq and Syria , that ISIS controls . But right now , Iraqi forces appear to be mostly trying to survive -- taking defensive positions and using Apache helicopters again , even after two were shot down in the area this week , according to the U.S. official . "  We do see ISIL continue to make gains in Anbar province and  are  mindful of how Anbar relates to the security of Baghdad , " said another senior U.S. defense official . The first official said the U.S. military is more confident right now about the Iraqi military 's ability to protect Baghdad . The Iraqi brigades defending the capital are more capable and include U.S. military advisers , so at least Washington should have a better sense there if there 's any imminent danger . Abu Ahmed , a 42-year-old colonel who belongs to a group allied with the Iraqi government , said that "  a large number of ISIS militants " attacked al-Garma , in Anbar province , around 3 a.m. Friday . What began with the detonation of seven vehicles by a bridge ended about five hours later . In between , Ahmed said there was "  a fierce battle " with ISIS militants on one side and Iraqi and local allied forces on the other . "  During the fight , ISIS militants set some oil containers and tires on fire to block the view from the Iraqi air support that was called in , " Ahmed said . " ... The Iraqi army and Awakening Council fighters did not advance to the positions where ISIS militants were fighting , fearing booby traps and planted  improvised explosive devices  . " This is not the only place where ISIS forces are fighting . Oil and crime make ISIS rich About 800 kilometers  500 miles  from Baghdad , the Islamist extremist group continued to inch forward in the Syrian city of Kobani . The Kurdish enclave has been a hotspot for days , largely due to its location a stone 's throw from the Turkish border . Emotional and , at times , violent protests have broken out in Turkey among people calling for ground forces to intervene -- something Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Thursday wo n't happen , so long as Turkey has to go it alone . Turkey 's tough choice : Take on ISIS or the PKK ? ISIS fighters controlled about half of the Syrian city on Friday , significantly more than even a day earlier , after taking over Kurdish administration buildings in what had been a security zone , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports . The United States has launched multiple airstrikes to try to curb the ISIS advance , including two Friday that the U.S. military says destroyed some of the group 's infrastructure and vehicles . But such efforts have n't prevented ISIS fighters from restocking with munitions from the Syrian cities of Aleppo and Raqqa , according to the observatory , a London-based monitoring group . Nor have they stopped fresh fighters from arriving in Kobani , which is also known as Ayn al-Arab . The group that could help beat ISIS CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Hamdi Alkhshali and Juan Carlos Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. defense secretary : Iraq 's Anbar province in trouble amid ISIS onslaught ISIS controls vast swaths of Iraq , Syria and is threatening to take even more land U.S. official : ISIS fighters in Anbar province , near Baghdad , may cut off Iraqi forces Group : ISIS now controls about half of Kobani , a Syrian city near the Turkish border
CNN  -- Polish Formula One star Robert Kubica will be driving in a supporting category of the world rallying championship this season as he continues his recovery from the serious injuries he sustained in a crash in Italy two years ago . The accident in February 2011 , during a rallying competition in Italy , left Kubica with limited use of his right hand and with doubts about his future at the highest level of motor sport . The 28-year-old will drive a Citroen DS3 RRC in the seven-round WRC 2 Championship , as well as selected events in Europe . Kubica took the wheel in national rally championship events towards the end of last year , including two for Citroen , and will be driving with a specially adapted gearbox to compensate for his hand injury . "  I ca n't wait to start racing , but I have n't set myself any specific target . I still have a lot to learn in rallying and to improve I will need to rack up the miles on the stages , " he told world rallying 's official website . "  I weighed up the different options before deciding on this program , " said the Krakow-born driver . "  I kept in touch with Citroen Racing and both sides were keen to continue working together . I 'm really pleased now to be able to return to top-level racing . " Kubica 's season will get underway at the Rally Islas Canarias -- the third round of the FIA European Rally Championship later this month -- before he opens his campaign in the WRC 2 at April 's Rally de Portugal . Citroen team principal Yves Matton said Kubica deserved to succeed in his comeback because of his fighting spirit . "  Robert 's determination is an example to us all and we are proud to associate Citroen Racing 's image with such a resolutely positive individual , " he added . Kubica was considered one of the most promising drivers in F1 before his crash , winning the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix with Sauber before switching to Lotus Renault for the 2010 season . He finished eighth in the title race and was preparing for the 2011 season when taking part in the Ronde de Andorra rally in Italy in a private capacity he lost control of his Skoda Fabia , crashing into a guard rail . He spent some time in an induced coma and as well as his horrific hand injury suffered fractures to his right elbow , shoulder and leg . Recovery was painstaking , but he confirmed in November 2011 that he would not be able to take his place in the Lotus Renault team for the 2012 season . An accident near his Italian home in early 2012 , where he re-broke his right leg , was also a setback , but Kubica has stuck doggedly to his rehabilitation program .	Robert Kubica to drive in WRC2 rally championship this season Polish F1 star will take the wheel of specially adapted Citroen Kubica suffered serious hand injuries in a rally crash in Italy in 2011 He won the Canadian Grand Prix in 2008 for Sauber
ST. LOUIS , Missouri  CNN  -- Ollie James is 84 years old and a doubter no more . Ollie James , 84 , says he knows Obama is going to win , because he believes "  God answers prayers . " "  I know he is going to win , " James said after services at Leonard Missionary Baptist Church in St. Louis . "  See , God answers prayers , and I am a praying man , and I know he is going to win . " The "  he " James is referring to is Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama . "  From where I came from , with the segregation and all the hatred , I never thought an African-American would get this far in the United States . Really . " But three weeks until Election Day , James and many other African-Americans are now optimistic they will be part of history . "  I am kind of anticipating it will happen , " said Raymond Henderson , a soft-spoken African-American man in his 60s . "  But no , I did not expect it to happen in my lifetime . " It is the flip side of the "  race debate " in Campaign 2008 : While the Obama campaign and its Democratic allies are aggressively working to address the concerns of blue-collar and rural whites who are reluctant to support a black candidate for president , there is an enthusiasm in the African-American community that Democrats believe could lead to dramatically increased turnout and perhaps tip the scales in several key battlegrounds , Missouri among them . African-Americans cast 10 percent of the ballots for president in 2000 and about 12 percent in 2004 . Obama aides believe if that percentage increased just modestly in 2008 , it could make the difference in at least a half-dozen states : Missouri , Ohio , North Carolina , Florida , Pennsylvania and Virginia . Wisconsin and Nevada are additional battlegrounds where Obama organizers are counting on an increase in African-American turnout in their Election Day game plan . To reach its goal , the campaign is counting on a combination of newly registered African-Americans and aggressive outreach to tens of thousands black voters who are registered to vote but have stayed home in past elections . See why African-Americans are finding hope in Obama " At Leonard Missionary Baptist , the Rev. Steven Thompson is careful not to preach from the pulpit : He exhorts his congregants to vote but does not preach in favor of or against any specific candidate . Still , a visit to his services found an overwhelmingly pro-Obama crowd , and Thompson says the enthusiasm level about this election is unprecedented in his two decades as the inner-city church 's pastor . "  The energy comes from the fact that it is historical , and we 've got a lot of first-time voters and many like myself who have been through a few , and it still has that pumped up energy in it , " Thompson said . Increased African-American turnout is all the more important because of Obama 's tougher challenge in more conservative , rural areas . In the Missouri Ozarks , a roadside billboard shows a cartoon of Obama with a turban , his middle name "  Hussein " in bold red letters . "  Hmmmm , " Thompson said when shown a photograph of the billboard , keeping his trademark calm . "  If I spent my time getting angry about the things people do , then I ca n't do what I effectively do here , " Thompson said as he gestured toward the pulpit . "  Those people who do stuff like that , the only thing I can say is , we pray for them . " Fredrick Lemon II says that for months , he doubted that Obama could win , but now he believes he can . Still , Lemon took time after services to compliment Republican nominee John McCain for trying to calm angry supporters at recent rallies , including a woman last week who incorrectly said she was worried about an Obama presidency because he is Arab . "  It has gotten a little nasty , " Lemon said . "  But I think that John McCain really showed some integrity and some character when he was at the last town hall meeting and some people said some disparaging remarks and he corrected them . And that just shows that he does have integrity . "	African-Americans in Missouri excited about Obama 's chances 84-year-old : "  I never thought an African-American would get this far in the U.S. " Obama aides think African-American vote could help in half-dozen states Campaign working to re-energize voters who used to stay home , reach new voters
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- While automakers lay off staff and shut down plants in response to the economic downturn , one automaker announced Thursday that it will open a manufacturing plant in the United States , potentially creating hundreds of jobs in the area eventually chosen . Tesla unveils its Model S sedan , with a base price of $ 57,400 . The manufacturing plant will be in California . Tesla Motors , maker of a high-end electric sports car , says it will build an all-electric sedan in Southern California . Thursday 's announcement was made in Hawthorne , California , where Tesla unveiled the Model S sedan at a base price of $ 49,900 , after a federal tax credit of $ 7,500 . That 's less than half the price of its first model , the Roadster . Started in 2003 and bankrolled by PayPal millionaire Elon Musk , Tesla has attracted investments from the Silicon Valley elite , among them Google founder Larry Page . It is widely believed that the Model S sedan will be built near the Space Exploration Technologies Corporation facility in Hawthorne . That aerospace company , more commonly known as SpaceX , was founded by Musk in 2002 . SpaceX recently won a NASA contract to deliver cargo to the international space station when the space shuttle program is retired next year . That contract , worth $ 1.6 billion , was won over such industry mainstays as Boeing and Lockheed . The promise of a high-performance , all-electric vehicle became a reality with the startup 's first model , the Tesla Roadster , a car with the look , speed and price tag -- a steep $ 109,000 and up -- that rivals other high-end , high-performance vehicles . Recently though , the economic downturn has forced Tesla to delay production of their would-be flagship Model S until 2011 . They 've also had to lay off more than 80 workers , which is about 25 percent of the company 's staff . Nonetheless , Tesla predicts it will manufacture 20,000 Model S vehicles a year . That would make it more of a mass-market vehicle than the Roadster ; only 1,200 of which are produced yearly . The company faces many challenges , the foremost of which is convincing consumers to pay almost $ 50,000 for an all-electric sedan when they could pay thousands less for another brand of upmarket sedan or a gas-electric hybrid .	Tesla says manufacturing plant will be in California ; hundreds of jobs possible The all-electric Model S sedan will go for a base price of about $ 50,000 Tesla 's challenge : Will consumers pay that much for a car in recessionary times ? The company hopes to make 20,000 Model S sedans a year
New York  CNN  -- A federal magistrate judge has ruled that al Qaeda , the Taliban , Iran and Hezbollah should pay more than $ 6 billion in damages to the families of victims killed on September 11 , 2001 , for supporting the attacks . The move is considered a symbolic gesture without expectation of collection of penalties for the relatives . Federal Magistrate Judge Frank Maas made the ruling Monday , after federal Judge George Daniels decided last year that the militant groups and Iran were liable . The initial filing made in 2003 had identified Iraq for its purported role in supporting the attacks , though attorneys withdrew it as a defendant when authorities later considered those claims unfounded . Iran also has maintained that it was not involved in the 9/11 attacks . "  I think the claim that  Iran  is complicit is a big one , " said CNN Security Analyst Peter Bergen . "  There 's a difference between acquiescence and complicity . " The 9/11 Commission Report mentions contact between al Qaeda and Iran-supported Hezbollah militants , which are based largely in southern Lebanon , where they received training and advice . The report also pointed to Iranian border inspectors who were told not to stamp the passports of al Qaeda members and who had facilitated travel of the would-be hijackers . But the report also stated that "  we have found no evidence that Iran or Hezbollah was aware of the planning for what later became the 9/11 attack . " In October , 2011 , Maas determined that al Qaeda should face $ 9.3 billion in penalties for the businesses and properties destroyed and damaged in the 2001 attacks .	A judge rules that al Qaeda , the Taliban , Iran and Hezbollah should pay billions in damages The move is considered a symbolic gesture without expectation of collection Federal Magistrate Judge Frank Maas made the ruling Monday Iran has maintained that it was not involved in the attacks
CNN  -- Gerald Kulcinski has a big problem . The nuclear engineering professor at the University of Wisconsin needs a rare element to fuel his research into a fusion reactor . But the cost of the isotope -- helium-3 -- is rising faster than a rocket headed to space . A few years ago it was $ 1,000 a gram , this year it is $ 7,000 and next year , well , he assumes it will be tens of thousands of dollars . There are only about 30 kilograms of 3He on Earth , Kulcinski said . Most helium-3 comes as a byproduct of tritium , used in nuclear weapons , so the exact figure is secret . Governments covet helium-3 because it works well in sensors that detect the presence of nuclear material , such as the ones that scan incoming cargo at the nation 's borders and ports . "  Worldwide demand is very high , the supply is fixed and going down , and those of us who are trying using helium-3 for research purposes are paying very high prices , " said Kulcinski , who is the director of the Fusion Technology Institute . "  It 'll basically shut off university activity pretty soon because we wo n't be able to afford it . " The Kulcinski team 's approach toward creating fusion is unique . Ninety-nine percent of research is geared toward using deuterium and tritium together . But using helium-3 instead of tritium would be much safer and drastically cut the chance of nuclear weapons proliferation . If 3He-3He fusion works , there would be no radioactive waste . A breakthrough would be huge , but the team needs more years and more helium-3 . The thing is that there are tons of helium-3 -- on the moon . About 1 million tons , Kulcinski said , adding that we also have a pretty good idea as to where the 3He is on the moon . We would know precisely how many trillions of dollars of the stuff is there if someone goes back to the moon and establishes a base there . "  A few years ago we thought we were going back soon but that 's all changed now , " he said . NASA at a crossroads Apollo 17 astronaut and geologist Harrison Schmitt said the United States is behind in the race to return to the surface of the moon . Schmitt , who is the author of "  Return to the Moon , " has come to the conclusion that NASA 's best days are a part of history and it would be best to start over . The space agency is dysfunctional in many ways as a management entity and the past two presidents have lacked a good space policy or the implementation of one , he said . NASA could watch over our obligations to the International Space Station , he said , but missions to the moon and Mars should be handled by another group . "  It 's probably time to create a new agency ... that would focus almost entirely on deep space , " he said . "  The agency has just gotten old and most of the experience is retiring . " Next space age has a business model , astronauts say He foresees private companies leading the way to the moon . He thinks the fusion research , rocket building and moon base project can be done for $ 15-20 billion over two decades . By comparison , another big nuclear fusion project  on Earth  , the International Thermonuclear Reactor Project , has a $ 12.8 billion  $ 18 billion  budget . The big question for investors would be : Is it worth it when you compare it to the costs of producing other fuels like electricity from coal ? Schmitt said yes , because the helium-3 on the moon is worth about $ 150 million per 100 kilograms . Still , capital operating costs , which would be in the billions , will have to come down , he said . The concentration of helium-3 is low , so many tons of regolith -- a combination of lunar soil , dust and other material -- would have to be mined to collect 3He . It 's difficult to get investors to put money into any helium-3 project , Schmitt said . "  The folks at the University of Wisconsin have gone a long way in the early definition , or let 's say , demonstration , of the physics of helium-3 fusion , " he said , "  but we are a long way and have to go through a  long  process " before they approach the break-even point where investors ' interest will be piqued . The real challenge is proving you can burn 3He At their lab in Madison , Wisconsin , Kulcinski and his small team of scientific staff and graduate students have developed a tabletop 3He-powered reactor that can produce a small amount of electricity . They are making progress in producing more energy than when they started more than 25 years ago , but there 's still much work to be done . The catch ? More energy is used than is produced . As critics often note , the promise of nuclear fusion always seems to be 50 years away . Kulcinski does n't have an end date , a breakthrough date , in sight . "  I have no doubt that we 'll be able to do it , " he said . "  With talented scientists and engineers around the world , if we really concentrated , we could do this . "  Our group , I have all the faith in the world in them , but we 're a small group , and we could be at this for a very long time . " Not the only reason to go to the moon Schmitt and Kulcinski wholeheartedly agree on one thing -- 3He is not the only reason to return to the moon . As Schmitt said , "  We 've only touched the surface of exploring it . " The main reason to go back is to learn how to live in space and use the moon as a jumping off place for missions to Mars , Kulcinski said . There are other reasons , they said , including other elements available on the moon and using the lunar surface for telescopes . But Schmitt , who has consulted for Kulcinski 's project since 1985 , and the professor think helium-3 has such potential it makes going back a vital mission . After all , it could potentially power the Earth for thousands of years . "  You would go to the moon for long-term clean energy , " Kulcinski said , "  because this is really an enormous source of energy . There is 10 times more energy there than there ever was in fossil fuel on the Earth . "	Helium-3 is in scarce supply on Earth , much more abundant on the moon Used as a fuel for nuclear fusion , there would be almost no radioactive waste University of Wisconsin team has built a small reactor to show 3He might work as fuel Former Apollo astronaut thinks U.S. needs new space policy , agency and moon return is vital
There had been "  growing concern " about former U.S. Secret Service Director Julia Pierson 's leadership in the two weeks since a man with a knife managed to jump the White House fence and get into the East Room , a source tells CNN . But the "  final straw , " the source said , was that she and the agency did not inform the president about a September 16 breach at the CDC in Atlanta -- in which a private contractor who had a concealed gun shared an elevator with President Barack Obama -- until just before the media reported it on Tuesday afternoon . "  The problems about the elevator breach were a  that it happened , b  that no one told the White House about it in the midst of two weeks of many discussions with them about security and then c  that the president did n't find out till just before the media was about to report it , " the source said , agreeing that "  final straw " would be an apt description of that event . Elaborate video shows entire security breach at White House The source , who spoke to CNN anonymously so as to speak more candidly about sensitive events , said that there was every reason to believe Pierson and Secret Service leadership took the September 19 fence jumper incident "  very seriously , " though White House officials were not pleased with how facts and details about that incident kept changing , both in public media accounts and to them privately . That , however , could be explained and understood , the source said , given the "  fog " of conflicting accounts inherent in such an intense and adrenaline-filled event . There was no such understanding about why , two weeks after the September 16 elevator incident at the CDC , the President was not informed until just before the Washington Examiner and Washington Post were prepared to share details of that event with the world . There was no going back ; she had lost Obama 's confidence that she was the right person to run the agency . On Wednesday , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said he had accepted Pierson 's resignation and was appointing an independent panel to investigate the White House breach . Presidents are loath to publicly criticize the Secret Service for fear of straining any relations with the agents who keep them alive and protect their loved ones . So perhaps it was left to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who told reporters in Nevada on Wednesday , "  I am just so disappointed in what I 've seen . I ca n't imagine being a father of two girls and seeing this happen in my home . I 'll bet Michelle is just beside herself -- they are so protective of those two girls . So I ca n't be a cheerleader of the Secret Service today . "	Source : Concern had been growing about Secret Service director after East Room breach But "  last straw " was not telling Obama , for more than 2 weeks , about man with gun at CDC DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson accepted Julia Pierson 's resignation on Wednesday
CNN  -- Bangkok remains on edge after tens of thousands of anti-government protesters "  shut down " the Thai capital Monday in an effort to force caretaker Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to step aside and postpone elections planned for February 2 . The showdown is the latest chapter in a divisive political conflict that has convulsed the country since 2005 and shows no signs of a resolution . Who are the protesters and what do they want ? The protesters insist they are not opposed to democracy but want wide-ranging reform to clean up Thai politics and root out corruption before elections are held . Their slogan is : "  Reform before elections . " They ostentatiously festoon themselves in red , white and blue -- the colors of the Thai flag -- and have adopted the practice of loudly blowing whistles to drive home their message to the government : "  Get out ! " Are you there ? Send us your photos and experiences but please stay safe . The self-styled "  whistle mob " is overwhelmingly drawn from two groups in society -- the wealthier residents of Bangkok , the middle and upper classes , and Thais from the south of the country , who have traveled to the capital to join the protests . Their apparent leader , Suthep Thaugsuban , is a southern Thai political strongman who has long been among the most powerful powerbrokers in the Democrat Party . The protesters have adopted much of the symbolism of recent political protests elsewhere in the world , wearing Guy Fawkes masks and calling their planned shutdown of the capital "  Occupy Bangkok . " But there are significant differences from global protest movements against the "  one percent " -- the Thai protesters draw their support from wealthier members of society , and are staunchly elitist , royalist and nationalist . They also support the country 's military , which has a habit of launching coups to overthrow elected governments . Many protesters have openly called for a coup to kick out Yingluck . They argue that poorer Thais , particularly in the rural northeast of the country , are uneducated and sell their votes to the highest bidder at election time , allowing wealthy political strongman Thaksin Shinawatra -- brother of the current prime minister -- to dominate the country even though he fled abroad in 2008 to escape a corruption conviction . How much popular support do the protesters have ? Supporters of the whistle mob insist they represent "  the people " and have made inflated claims about the number of protesters who have joined mass rallies over the past two months , saying several million Thais have regularly taken to the streets to demand political change . In fact , they represent a minority of Thais , and this is their problem . In every general election held in Thailand since 2001 , the Democrat Party has been trounced by political parties controlled by Thaksin , and the same outcome is virtually certain if the February vote goes ahead . Thaksin 's ability to dominate electoral politics thanks to his huge support from the urban and rural poor has caused immense resentment among wealthier residents of Bangkok , who believe they should be the people calling the shots . Besides the class divisions fueling the political conflict , there are also regional faultlines -- the relatively wealthy provinces of southern Thailand staunchly back the Democrat Party , while support for Thaksin is highest in the north and northeast . Rich Thais object to having their electoral choices drowned out by the votes of the masses , and southern Thais object to losing out in every election to the votes of the more populous , but poorer , north and northeast . Opponents of the protesters include the pro-Thaksin "  Red Shirt " movement and also progressive pro-democracy Thais in Bangkok who have held several candlelight vigils calling for peace and have adopted the slogan "  Respect My Vote . " They argue Thailand 's divisions can only be healed by embracing democracy , and say canceling the February election would be a disastrous step backwards . Several commentators have drawn parallels between the whistle mob and the Tea Party movement in the United States . Both groups have overwhelming support in some parts of the country and among some social groups , but are unable to win national elections at the ballot box , and so have increasingly adopted disruptive tactics in response . What 's going on behind the scenes ? One reason the Thai conflict can often appear so bewildering is that an important element of the story is routinely left out . One of Thailand 's most sacred taboos forbids discussion of the royal succession when the ailing 86-year-old King Bhumibol Adulyadej passes , and the country 's draconian l  se majest  law imposes long jail sentences on those who discuss uncomfortable facts about the monarchy . The royal succession is absolutely central to the ongoing conflict that has engulfed Thailand since 2005 . Although Thailand is nominally a constitutional monarchy in which the palace has a purely symbolic role , in fact the king controls a vast royal fortune conservatively estimated at more than $ 30 billion and wields enormous influence . Thailand has long been dominated by an oligarchy of immensely wealthy families connected to the palace through intermarriage and through business deals with the Crown Property Bureau , which manages royal wealth . The Thai establishment fears the rise of a new political and business elite revolving around Thaksin , which would spell the end of the dominance of the old elite . Will there be violence ? Unfortunately this seems possible . Several people have been killed and wounded in recent weeks , and the casualty toll is highly likely to rise significantly after the Bangkok blockade gets under way . Both sides in the conflict between Thailand 's old establishment and the new elite allied to Thaksin have sought to provoke chaos and bloodshed in recent years . The aim is to provoke a harsh crackdown from the other side that creates the impression it has lost legitimacy and become tyrannical . Opponents of Thaksin blockaded Bangkok 's airports in late 2008 and succeeded in toppling the government . Thaksin 's supporters occupied the center of the capital in April and May 2010 , and Thaksin has been widely accused of funding an illegal militia that worsened the mayhem -- though he has emphatically denied supporting violence . The latest protest will use tactics from the same playbook . By paralyzing Bangkok , the movement 's leaders hope to push the Yingluck administration into adopting a heavy-handed response , or to stir up violence among the government 's Red Shirt supporters . They then intend to exploit the chaos to declare the government is unable to govern with legitimacy , and to provide a pretext for the conservative military to launch another coup . They know that they can not win the February elections , so they will do all they can to prevent the polls from taking place . If they succeed , this will further inflame the resentment of poorer Thais who believe their electoral aspirations are routinely ignored by the establishment . If they lose , they will almost certainly become even more disruptive in the months and years ahead , until the unacknowledged succession struggle plays out . Either way , the prognosis for Thailand is depressingly bleak . The opinions expressed in this analysis are solely those of the author .	Bangkok lock down the latest chapter in a divisive political conflict that has convulsed Thailand The protesters insist they are not opposed to democracy but want wide-ranging reform They are drawn from wealthier residents of Bangkok and Thais from the south of the country They argue poorer Thais , particularly in rural northeast , are uneducated , sell votes to highest bidder
CNN  -- A former FBI special agent in New York and two Connecticut men have been charged for their alleged roles in a bribery scheme to dig up confidential information about a key figure in Bangladeshi politics , the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Manhattan said . Robert Lustyik , 50 , was arrested Friday on an allegation that he and a childhood friend , Johannes Thaler , 49 , solicited cash from a third man in exchange for documents and information to which Lustyik had access to because of his FBI job . The third man was identified as Rizve Ahmed , 34 , also known as "  Caesar . " Ahmed is an acquaintance of Thaler , both of whom live in Connecticut . Lustyik 's lawyer , Raymond Mansolillo , on Saturday challenged the investigation , which involved the Department of Justice 's public integrity unit , and insisted his client was innocent . At that time , Lustyik was still being held in Utah , his lawyer said . "  We 're going to fight the charges , " Mansolillo said . "  My client is eager to go to trial . " According to the four-count criminal complaint , which was unsealed Friday , Lustyik was working for the FBI in its White Plains , New York , office in September 2011 , when he became involved in the scheme , which continued until March 2012 . It alleges that Ahmed , a native of Bangladesh , was seeking confidential law enforcement information , including a confidential Suspicious Activity Report , about a prominent citizen of his country affiliated with a rival political party . The complaint identifies that person only as "  Individual 1 . " "  Ahmed sought , among other things , to obtain information about Individual 1 , to locate Individual 1 , and to harm Individual 1 and others associated with Individual 1 , " the complaint says . Ahmed paid at least $ 1,000 to the two other men for information that included a suspicious activity report , according to the complaint . Citing text messages as evidence , it says that Lustyik and Thaler discussed pressuring Ahmed to fork over extra money for the information . "  We need to push  Ahmed  for this meeting and get that 40gs quick ... . I will talk us into getting the cash ... . I will work my magic ... . We r sooooooo close " , says Lustyik in one exchange , which occurred in late December 2011 or early January 2012 , according to the complaint . Thaler is said to have responded , "  I know . It 's all right there in front of us . Pretty soon we 'll be having lunch in our oceanfront restaurant ... " Around January 2012 , after learning that Ahmed was considering using someone else to get the information , Lustyik allegedly sent this text to Thaler : "  I want to kill  Ahmed  ... . I hung my ass out the window n we got nothing ? ... . Tell  Ahmed  , I 've got  Individual 1 's  number and I 'm pissed ... . I will put a wire on n get  Ahmed and his associates  to admit they want  a Bangladeshi political figure  offed n we sell it to  Individual 1 .  " The complaint charges all three men with conspiracy to bribe a public official ; it charges Thaler and Lustyik with soliciting and receiving bribes ; it charges Ahmed with bribing a public official and offering to bribe a public official ; and it charges Lustyik with unlawfully disclosing a suspicious activity report . If convicted , Lustyik faces a maximum prison sentence of 25 years ; Thaler and Ahmed each face a maximum of 20 years . A call to Thaler 's residence was not immediately returned ; CNN was not able to contact Ahmed . In a statement on a website seeking funds for his legal defense , Lustyik 's family described him as "  a highly decorated " agent with more than 24 years of service in the counterintelligence division , and said he had been "  wrongfully accused . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We are going to fight these charges , " ex-FBI agent 's lawyer says Alleged scheme involved selling confidential info Bangladeshi man allegedly paid to find out about political rival "  It 's all right there in front of us , " suspect allegedly said
CNN  -- Fighting flared for a third straight day Sunday along the Thai-Cambodian border over a disputed ancient temple despite a reported ceasefire and international efforts to soothe tensions . At least seven people -- two villagers and five soldiers -- were wounded after a new gunfight broke out shortly before 7 p.m. Sunday evening , Thai Army spokesman Col. Sansern Kaewkamnerd told his nation 's state-run MCOT media outlet . The skirmish came a day after the two sides agreed to a ceasefire , according to the official Thai report . Earlier , Thai Army Lt. Gen. Thawatchai Samutsakorn told MCOT that the situation along the border was returning to normal Sunday . Several shops in the Kantharalak district reopened earlier Sunday , and some villagers had gone back to their homes -- though the later report noted that residents were evacuated again to temporary bunkers . Twenty schools planned to remain shuttered through at least Wednesday on the government 's orders . The clashes stem from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . The building sits on a cliff in Cambodian territory , but the most accessible entrance to the site is on the Thai side . Gunfire erupted Friday near the site , followed by more skirmishes Saturday . A Thai Army spokesman said one soldier was killed Saturday , and four others were injured . Earlier , the country 's health minister told the MCOT news agency that one Thai villager was killed by artillery shells fired by Cambodian troops . A Cambodian official , who was not named , said 10 of its soldiers and civilians were killed or injured in Friday and Saturday fighting , state-run Cambodian news outlet AKP reported . The official said Cambodian authorities had also captured five Thai troops , including four on Friday . The United Nations weighed in on the dispute Sunday , with a statement from Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's press office saying he is "  deeply concerned " by the clashes . The world body 's leader urged discussion over military confrontations , in "  a spirit of dialogue and good neighborly relations . " "  The Secretary-General appeals to both sides to put in place effective arrangements for cessation of hostilities and to exercise maximum restraint , " the U.N. statement said . "  The United Nations remains at their disposal to assist in these peaceful efforts . " On Saturday , Cambodia had formally complained in a letter to the U.N. about what it described as "  intense shelling " with mortar rounds Saturday morning following an alleged armed incursion by Thai troops on Friday , according to state-run AKP news . In the letter , Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen pointed to the "  explosive situation at the border , " alleging that 300 Thai troops on Friday "  entered Cambodian territory and attacked Cambodian troops at three locations " about 500 meters  a third of a mile  from the temple . The letter also alludes to similar "  acts of aggression " in 2008 and 2009 by Thai forces . Besides the human toll , the letter claimed that the temple itself had suffered damage in the shelling and firefights . "  Facing this flagrant aggression , Cambodian troops had no option but to retaliate in self-defense in order to safeguard Cambodia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " the letter states . The recent Thai military actions violate the 1991 Paris Peace Accord , U.N. Charter and a 1962 judgment from the International Court of Justice , the letter claims . Thai Prime Minister Abhist Vejjajiva denied that his nation 's troops had attacked Cambodian forces , telling reporters they only acted in self-defense to protect their homeland 's own sovereignty , according to MCOT . That report indicated Thailand , too , had sent a letter to the United Nations about the situation . On Sunday , the Thai leader tried to downplay the need for outside intervention to resolve the dispute , including an offer from ASEAN Secretary-General Surin Pitsuwan -- Thailand 's former foreign minister and now head of the southeast Asian alliance -- to mediate . The United States urged Thailand and Cambodia on Friday to show "  maximum restraint . " Events were being closely monitored , according to State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley , and both sides were called on to "  take all necessary steps to reduce tensions and avoid further conflict . " Conflict over the Preah Vihear site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says that the 1.8 square-mile  4.6 square-kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th century during the French occupation of Cambodia . In July 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site -- meaning the U.N. believes the place has outstanding universal value .	A Thai official tells state-run media that seven are hurt Sunday in clashes with Cambodia The dispute centers around an ancient temple in Cambodia , along the Thai border Heads of the U.N. and ASEAN have urged Thai and Cambodia to resolve it via talks
CNN  -- Five-time defending champion Roger Federer is bidding to match the record of a controversial tennis legend who dominated the sport in the 1920s but died in disgrace . Tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s with his own trademark style . American Bill Tilden achieved fame and fortune through his tennis exploits and befriended Hollwyood stars such as Charle Chaplin , but he spent over a year in jail in the 1940s on a morals charge , which ruined his reputation before his untimely death in 1953 . Tilden won his six straight U.S. Open titles from 1920-1925 - a record since the tournament abolished the challenge system - where the champion automatically qualified for the final - in 1911 . Under that system , Richard Sears won the first seven editions of the U.S. Open  then the U.S. National Tennis Championships  in the 1880s . Tilden , who claimed his seventh U.S . Open title in 1929 as well as being twice a losing finalist , goes down in the history books as one of the greatest tennis players of all time . A relatively late starter , Tilden struggled to get into his college tennis team in Pennsylvania , but years of dedicated practice started to bear fruit after the First World War as he reached the U.S. Open finals of 1918 and 1919 . He reached his peak in the 1920s , winning his first U.S. Open title and holding the world number one spot for seven straight years . Tilden also led the United States to a record seven straight Davis Cup titles as well as claiming three Wimbledon titles . His famed "  cannonball " services worked particularly well on the fast grass surfaces on which the U.S. Open and Wimbledon were staged . Tilden never won the French Open being losing finalist in the last year it was held on grass courts , in 1927 , and 1930 on clay . He won the last of his 10 grand slam titles at Wimbledon in 1930 before deserting the amateur ranks for the fledging professional circuit Eventually joined by the likes of Ellsworth Vines , Fred Perry and Don Budge , Tilden remained a star attraction until well into his 40s , filling arenas such as Madison Square Garden in big money matches . But off the court , Tilden was a controversial figure , battling with tennis officials as his amateur status was called into question and being accused of being arrogant and inconsiderate . Tilden , who never married , saw his reputation destroyed in the 1940s when he was found guilty of a morals charge in connection with a minor . He served seven-and-a-half months of a year jail term but was arrested again in 1949 after picking up a 16-year-old male hitchhiker . Tilden served a further 10 months for his probation violation and was shunned by the tennis community . His friendship with Hollywood stars such as Chaplin and a love of the theatrical world saw Tilden pour much of his riches into less than successful Broadway productions . He died a tragic figure in 1953 , having a stroke in Los Angeles as he prepared for a trip to play in the U.S. Pro Championships despite his 60 years of age . Tilden was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1959 and in any polls of all-time great tennis players always features in the top order . Federer , who won a record 15th grand slam title at Wimbledon , is top seed at Flushing Meadows , the venue since 1978 .	Roger Federer seeking to match the six straight U.S. Open wins of Bill Tilden Tilden dominated tennis in the 1920s , winning 10 grand slam titles The American legend served two prison sentences on morals charges in the 1940s Tilden was shunned by the tennis comminty and died at the age of 60
CNN  It is some admission from one of the finest golfers ever to play the game . Tiger Woods -- a 14-time major champion and former world No. 1 -- is taking a break from the sport after admitting his game is n't up to scratch . The 39-year-old shot a career worst round of 82 at his first tournament of 2015 in Phoenix before withdrawing from his second at Torrey Pines due to injury . And he says he wo n't be back until both his body , and his game , are in tip top shape . "  This latest injury is not related to my previous surgery . I am having daily physical therapy and I am feeling better every day , " Woods said in a statement on his official website . "  Right now , I need a lot of work on my game , and to still spend time with the people that are important to me . My play , and scores , are not acceptable for tournament golf . "  Like I 've said , I enter a tournament to compete at the highest level , and when I think I 'm ready , I 'll be back . Next week I will practice at Medalist and at home getting ready for the rest of the year . " After his 2014 was blighted by a series of injuries , Woods ' world ranking now stands at 62 -- the lowest since he turned professional back in 1996 . His first appearance of the year at the Phoenix Open saw him miss the cut by 12 shots after shooting a second round of 82 , the worst of his career . And he lasted just 11 holes at the Farmers Insurance Open at Torrey Pines before pulling out due to difficulties with his back . It raises further questions as to whether Woods will ever be able to recapture the form that saw him snare 14 major titles during a glittering spell between 1997 and 2008 . Despite a clutch of top five finishes since winning the U.S. Open in 2008 , Woods missed two majors last year and recorded a best finish of 69th in the British Open . He stated his desire to feature at the Honda Classic , that starts in Florida on February 26 , but says he will only play if his game is up to it . "  The last two weeks have been very disappointing to me , especially Torrey , because I never want to withdraw , " he added . "  Unfortunately , lately injuries have made that happen too often . I am committed to getting back to the pinnacle of my game . "  I 'd like to play The Honda Classic -- it 's a tournament in my hometown and it 's important to me -- but I wo n't be there unless my game is tournament-ready . "  That 's not fair to anyone . I do , however , expect to be playing again very soon . "	Tiger Woods to take an indefinite break from golf after latest injury problem Woods withdrew from recent tournament at Torrey Pines during round two Former world No. 1 : "  My play , and scores , are not acceptable for tournament golf . " Woods says he 'll only play at Honda Classic if his game is "  tournament ready "
Philadelphia  CNN  -- First came the whiteouts , then the blackouts . Utility companies scrambled Friday to restore power to the Northeast as hundreds of thousands shivered . A powerful snowstorm had moved Wednesday from the Midwest , arriving Thursday in the Northeast . It whacked a string of states along the way , dumping 13 inches of snow on Kansas , more than 10 inches on parts of Massachusetts and 4 inches on New York . In some areas , ice snapped tree limbs and downed power lines , causing massive blackouts . In Philadelphia alone , electric provider PECO said early Friday that 319,000 homes and businesses were without power . In Pennsylvania 's Chester County , some traffic lights were powered by portable generators , CNN affiliate KFW reported . The vast majority of those who lost their power should see it restored Friday , though some may have to wait until Sunday , company spokeswoman Debbie Yemenijian said . Utility crews from Arkansas , Illinois , Massachusetts , New York , Ohio and Canada joined PECO 's workers to fix the damage , the company said . In all , more than 1,500 workers were in the field , it said . In the Baltimore area , about 19,000 homes and businesses remained without power early Friday , utility Baltimore Gas and Electric Co. said on its website . Tens of thousands more were without power elsewhere in Pennsylvania and New Jersey , with a handful of outages remaining in Ohio as well . By Friday evening , more than 270,000 customers were still with power in the Mid-Atlantic states . The wet , heavy snow may have pleased children who got a snow day , but some grownups were not applauding . "  Harder to push , not as easy actually to plow , " said Boston snowplow driver Nick Sfravara . "  It 's definitely a challenge to get this stuff out of the way rather than the light stuff . " Another system is forecast to bring snow to the region this weekend , but it 's not expected to produce as many problems , CNN meteorologists said . On the West Coast , much-needed rain and snow should continue through the weekend . In Washington State , one person was killed and several others injured in a 28-car crash on Interstate 5 in Washington state after a new winter storm blew in off the Pacific , CNN affiliate KPTV reported . Portland , Oregon , got 3.8 inches of snow on Thursday , the fifth-greatest February snowfall since 1940 . Thursday was also the coldest day in February since 1989 , with a high of 23 degrees . A second round of snow is expected to fall Friday afternoon , according to KPTV . San Francisco received nearly three quarters of an inch of rain on Thursday . Another several inches are expected in the inland valleys and 8 to 10 inches in the coastal mountains through the weekend , bringing the possibility of flooding . Snow showers from the Midwest to the Northeast were expected to drop 2 to 4 inches of snow from the Midwest to the Northeast over the weekend . Cold air will hang on through the weekend , with highs 10 to 20 degreess below average . Another round of cold is expected to move Sunday into the Upper Midwest , with highs predicted at 30 degrees below average . CNN 's Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta , and Margaret Conley reported from Philadelphia . CNN 's Rick Martin , Monica Garrett , Michael Pearson and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : Northwest getting much-needed rain Utility workers head to Pennsylvania to help restore power Another system is forecast to bring snow to the region this weekend But it 's not expected to produce as many problems in the Northeast
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Protests erupted around the Haitian capital Tuesday night after an election council announced a runoff between a former first lady and a candidate allied with an increasingly unpopular government . Mirlande Manigat , a former first lady of Haiti , won the presidential election held over a week ago with 31.37 of the vote , the Provisional Electoral Council announced late Tuesday . Jude Celestin , the candidate backed by President Rene Preval , came in second with 22.48 percent while popular musician Michel Martelly was just behind Celestin with 21.84 percent . Fires erupted throughout the city late into the night , and protesters promised more violence . "  Preval is a thief . We do n't need Jude Celestin . We need Michel Martelly , " people chanted in the streets early Wednesday morning . "  Tomorrow we will set the country on fire . " Since no candidate obtained the 50 percent of the votes needed to win outright , Haitians will return to the polls in January , four days after the first anniversary of the devastating earthquake , to vote in a runoff election . But the vote was fraught with allegations of fraud , with many believing that Preval would go to any lengths to ensure a win for his protege , Celestin . The U.S. Embassy in Haiti issued a statement Tuesday saying that the United States stands ready to support efforts to review irregularities in the vote so that results are "  consistent with the will of the Haitian people expressed in their votes . " "  Like others , the government of the United States is concerned by the Provisional Electoral Council 's announcement of preliminary results from the November 28 national elections that are inconsistent with the published results of the National Election Observation Council  CNO  , which had more than 5,500 observers and observed the vote count in 1,600 voting centers nationwide , " the embassy said . Celestin 's entry into the runoff prompted violent demonstrations throughout Port-au-Prince . Gunfire rang out on the streets , and the smell of fires and burning tires filled the air . People ran out on the streets denouncing Celestin . In the central Champs de Mars plaza , white pickup trucks carried police in the back and made their way around barricaded streets . Residents of a tent city that covers the entire plaza beat on the rows of portable toilets , knocking one down . It had been feared that a win or runoff spot for Celestin would trigger more unrest in the Haitian capital . Preval 's government has become increasingly unpopular with Haitians who see a lack of progress in their homeland . Preval was barred by the constitution from seeking another term . Celestin headed the state-run transportation company that gained notoriety in the days after the quake as its trucks picked up the bodies of the dead . The next president of Haiti will inherit the daunting task of leading this Caribbean nation in its struggle to recover from years of dictatorship and poverty compounded earlier this year by the earthquake and a current cholera epidemic that has now sickened almost 100,000 people . Martelly , a popular Kompa singer , alleged massive fraud and vowed to challenge the results . His campaign manager , Damian Merlo , said Martelly had expected that Preval would not relinquish power easily . "  The math says an absolute fraud , " Merlo said . The OAS-CARICOM Joint Election Observation Mission , which includes the Organization of American States and the Caribbean Community , said it maintained a presence in the vote tabulation center . Last week , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the suspected fraud in the electoral process was more serious than previously thought . It took eight days to announce the final results of the November 28 election . Since then , riots have erupted in the Haitian capital , some violent enough for police to spray tear gas . Some aid workers , including United Nations staff , left their offices early to return home before darkness fell .	Mirlande Manigat and Jude Celestin are slated for a runoff in January Residents believe Celestin 's spot in the runoff is illegitimate The U.S. Embassy in Haiti says the results are inconsistent with observers ' findings Singer Michel Martelly alleges fraud and says he 'll challenge his third-place showing
CNN  -- A West Virginia state judge is facing federal conspiracy charges for allegedly plotting to frame his secretary 's husband in crimes , after the secretary broke off an affair with the judge . According to allegations in federal documents unsealed Thursday , the alleged five-year vendetta included plotting to plant drugs under the husband 's car , recruiting a state trooper to arrest the man on bogus theft charges , and convincing a police officer to arrest him on groundless assault and battery charges , the documents say . Mingo County Circuit Judge Michael Thornsbury , 57 , was charged this week with two counts of conspiracy against rights , according to a federal indictment based on grand jury findings . "  Judge Thornsbury set off on a campaign to persecute his secretary 's husband , his romantic rival . In the process he corrupted the system of Justice in Mingo County for his own nefarious purposes , " U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said . Thornsbury 's attorney , Stephen Jory , declined comment on the charges . He told CNN Friday that Thornsbury was arrested Thursday , but was released on personal recognizance bond the same day . Thornsbury spoke to CNN affiliate WCHS on Thursday , saying , "  The truth will be told and I will be acquitted ... cause I 'm not guilty . " Thornsbury , who had "  engaged in intimate physical contact " with his secretary , according to the indictment , asked her to leave her husband in 2008 . She refused . Michael Callahan , who represents the secretary and her husband , on Friday called the series of incidents that led up to the indictment a "  terrible abuse of a public office . " Callahan represented the husband in two criminal cases allegedly conjured up by Thornsbury . The charges were dismissed in both cases . "  I represent both RW and KW as they begin the process of putting their lives back together and seek their own justice . At this time , my clients are unwilling to make any public statements or do any interviews , " Callahan said in a statement to CNN . Both the secretary and her husband were identified in the indictment only by their initials , K.W. and R.W. , respectively . When the federal charges against Thornsbury were announced , West Virginia 's highest court -- the Supreme Court of Appeals voted to suspend the judge without pay , and also voted to suspend his law license , according to an official press release from the high court . According to the indictment , the conspiracy charges stem from three alleged incidents : -- In 2008 , Thornsbury allegedly tried to have a friend plant illegal drugs in a metal box under the husband 's pickup truck . The friend agreed to do it , but never went through with it , according to the indictment . As part of the scheme , the judge had "  purposely cultivated a relationship " with a state trooper apparently to have the trooper investigate after the drug-plant was done , according to the indictment . -- Thornsbury "  repeatedly insisted " the same state trooper get an arrest warrant for the husband , for supposedly stealing "  scrap mine bits " from the coal company where he worked and selling those . The husband was subsequently arrested but charges were dismissed . Callahan , the attorney for the husband , said not only did the man have permission to take and sell the scrap bits that were "  refurbished " then sold back to his company , the company approved of the practice . -- Thornsbury allegedly seized upon an argument between the husband and some of his relatives to produce the arrest of the husband a month after the argument . A family dispute in 2012 led to one of the husband 's relatives pulling a gun outside a convenience store , according to the indictment . The husband called police and even though investigating officers saw a store videotape of the incident and they concluded the relative was the aggressor , Thornsbury allegedly convinced another officer to arrest the husband weeks later on charges of assault and battery . Charges were later dismissed . Thornsbury has been Mingo County 's sole circuit judge since 1997 , according to a news release from the U.S. attorney 's office . Thornsbury was first appointed to the state bench by the then-governor to fill a vacancy 1997 , according to Jennifer Bundy , public information officer for the state Supreme Court of Appeals . Thornsbury subsequently was elected to serve as circuit judge . CNN 's Jennifer Moore and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Circuit Judge Michael Thornsbury is charged with two counts of conspiracy He is accused of a five-year vendetta against his secretary 's husband Vendetta began after the secretary broke off an affair with the judge , indictment says
CNN  -- Protesters and activists demanding justice for slain Florida teen Trayvon Martin are no closer to closure , even with the news that second-degree murder charges were filed against shooter George Zimmerman . The charges were the latest development in a heated national debate over race and justice in America . The debate on CNN iReport mirrored a national outcry , which saw thousands taking to the streets in "  Million Hoodie " marches , demanding that formal charges be filed against Zimmerman . "  Justice for Trayvon " was a common refrain on the placards of street protesters , and in the comments section of CNN and other news and media websites . There was also a countervailing opinion of skepticism about the murky details of the case . Before the charges against Zimmerman were filed , many expressed concern over how the case was playing out in the court of public opinion , saying that judgment should be withheld until the legal system had enough time to render a proper verdict . Reaction to the charges against Zimmerman has been mixed , with many iReporters and CNN commenters expressing a mixture of relief , puzzlement and disappointment . Anthony Milian , an iReporter from Greenville , South Carolina , said he believed the special prosecutor in Florida made a just decision in filing the charges but was also quick to note that this development does not mean that justice will be served . "  The Trayvon Martin situation is not the first time a black child has been gunned down for suspicious reasons , " he said . "  The violence toward black people needs to stop , regardless of whether someone wears a hoodie , wears gold caps in their mouth , or has a style that you deem dangerous or stupid . " W.J. O'Reilly of Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania , said he was skeptical of Florida 's judicial system . "  It will be very difficult to convict him on second-degree murder charges , " he said . "  I do n't have too much faith in Florida justice , given the Casey Anthony debacle . " Other iReporters and CNN commenters wondered whether manslaughter charges would have been more appropriate . Kathi Cordsen of Fullerton , California , noted that Zimmerman 's admitting to shooting Martin could soften the charges , especially since he voluntarily turned himself in . She said she also was mistrustful of the way the case has been portrayed in the media . "  The prosecutor said public pressure and media coverage did not contribute to the charges being filed , " she said . "  I find that hard to believe . " On February 26 , the 17-year-old Martin was shot dead by community watch officer Zimmerman in Sanford , Florida . The black teenager , who was wearing a hoodie and who was unarmed , was walking to the home of his father 's fiancee when he was shot . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , told authorities the killing was an act of self-defense . A national uproar began when Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee said on March 12 that Zimmerman had not been charged because there were no grounds to disprove his account of the events . Commenters flocked to CNN and iReport to register their outrage . Thema Bryant-Davis , an iReporter and Los Angeles-area clinical psychologist , echoed the sentiment that racial tension and stereotyping factored in the killing . "  It points to what researchers have termed ` unconscious racism . ' People are not even aware of their biases , " she said . "  Trayvon is dead , and we can not be silent , " said Bryant-Davis , whose brother , Jamal Bryant , was an organizer of some protest rallies in Florida . Washington educator and activist Omekongo Dibinga was more pointed in an iReport video titled "  Trayvon Martin dead . Am I next ? " in which he shared his experiences with racial stereotyping and related them to the Martin shooting . "  Most black people , like me , put themselves in Martin 's shoes because it 's what we 've had to deal with , " he said . "  Most whites put themselves in Zimmerman 's shoes because they 've seen black men before and have been suspicious of them . Few try to step outside of their shoes . " New York videographer Albert Trotman attended a "  Million Hoodie " march in his city and captured an emotionally fraught interview with a protesting mother and son . "  This could be Trayvon , " the hoodie-clad mother said , nodding to her son as the wail of police sirens tore through the night air . "  We 're all Trayvon 's mother , as far as I 'm concerned . " She added , "  I have two sons -- one of them is 22 ; this one is 13 . Any of them could be in the same situation . I could be in the same situation . " As more facts in the case emerged , the conversation shifted to the controversy surrounding Florida 's "  Stand Your Ground " law , which allows for the use of deadly force in cases of self-defense . Defenders of the law have said Zimmerman 's actions were legal and justifiable on these grounds , while critics argue that such laws precipitated Martin 's death . New York iReporter Patrick O'Connell expressed support for "  Stand Your Ground " and similar laws , citing the safety of his two young daughters . He said he wanted to feel like his house was secure and did not want to be defenseless if it were ever broken into by an intruder . "  If you do n't have a gun , then how are you going to protect yourself from someone who is armed ? " he asked . Patrick Ingram of Arlington , Virginia , said he felt differently , calling these laws "  scary . " "  As an African-American , I could be walking home from a bar somewhere late at night and someone could look at me and shoot me and not be prosecuted to the full extent of the law because of this rule , " Ingram said . Nick Swann , an iReporter from Rochester , New York , decried what he saw a "  rush to judgment " in media outlets ' coverage of the shooting and protests and said he hoped to see due process properly play out . "  Can you imagine what this world would be like if we took the law into our own hands , made decisions without due process ? " he asked . "  We would have no world . " But even though legal proceedings are now in motion , Egberto Willies of Kingwood , Texas , expressed bitter disappointment at how long they take , describing the arrest as "  anticlimactic and late . " "  Justice was delayed because of who Trayvon Martin was : A black kid who , as far as the justice system was concerned , was of lesser value . There was so much that was done wrong with this case , " he said . "  The United States has displayed what many already know : There are two justice systems in America . "	iReporters and CNN commenters react to George Zimmerman 's arrest in Trayvon Martin 's death Debate follows weeks of national outrage after no formal charges were initially filed No closure in sight for activists demanding justice for Martin
EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE , California  CNN  -- Space shuttle Atlantis landed Sunday at Edwards Air Force Base after rainy weather in Florida precluded a landing at Kennedy Space Center . The space shuttle Atlantis touches down at Edwards AFB on Sunday . The shuttle touched down at 8:39 a.m. PT at Edwards , about 100 miles north of Los Angeles , California . Within seven to 10 days , the shuttle will be transported from California to Florida on the back of a modified 747 jumbo jet , NASA said in a statement . Atlantis ' next flight is scheduled for November . Rainy weather postponed the shuttle landing both Friday and Saturday . NASA had said that Atlantis conceivably could have remained in space until Monday , but wanted to land the shuttle Sunday . Watch Atlantis land at Edwards Air Force Base " Weather conditions in Florida were better Sunday than Saturday , NASA officials said , but atmospheric conditions were still too unstable for a landing at Kennedy . It was the 53rd time the shuttle has landed at Edwards , NASA officials said . In the early days of the space shuttle program , Edwards was its primary landing site . Shuttles have landed 70 times at Kennedy Space Center , NASA said , and once at White Sands Space Harbor in New Mexico . Atlantis launched May 11 for NASA 's final repair visit to the Hubble Space Telescope . Shuttle astronauts conducted five spacewalks during the mission to perform routine repairs and replace key instruments , in what has been called one of the most ambitious space repair efforts ever attempted . Hubble was released back into orbit Tuesday morning . The telescope was rejuvenated with instruments designed to improve its capabilities by as much as 70 times , while extending its lifetime through at least 2014 , according to the NASA statement . "  This is not the end of the story but the beginning of another chapter of discovery by Hubble , " Ed Weiler , associate administrator for science at NASA headquarters , said in the statement . "  Hubble will be more powerful than ever , continue to surprise , enlighten and inspire us all , and pave the way for the next generation of observatories . " Hubble , which has been in space for nearly two decades , can capture clear images that telescopes on Earth can not , partly because it does not have to gaze through murky atmospheres . CNN 's John Couwels and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	NEW : Repair mission means "  another chapter of discovery by Hubble , " official says Shuttle lands smoothly at 8:39 a.m. PT at Edwards AFB in California Bad weather scuttled scheduled landing attempts in Florida on Friday and Saturday Atlantis launched May 11 for NASA 's final repair visit to the Hubble Space Telescope
CNN  -- An Ohio death row inmate who has repeatedly claimed his innocence was spared execution , after the state 's governor Thursday noted "  legitimate questions " about evidence used to convict the man . Kevin Keith for now will spend the rest of his life in prison without parole . His legal appeals will continue , with lawyers claiming newly discovered evidence and discredited eyewitness testimony will ultimately exonerate him . Keith was convicted of the 1994 killings of three females , including a child , in an apartment in Bucyrus , 60 miles north of Columbus . He was scheduled to die by lethal injection September 15 , and had exhausted most of his federal and state court appeals . Gov. Ted Strickland , a Democrat , issued his commutation this week after a number of civil liberties and innocence groups urged he step in to prevent a possibly innocent man from being executed by the state . "  Clearly , the careful exercise of a governor 's executive clemency authority is appropriate in a case like this one , given the real and unanswered questions surrounding the murders for which Mr. Keith was convicted , " said Strickland in a statement . "  Mr. Keith still has appellate legal proceedings pending which , in theory , could ultimately result in his conviction being overturned altogether . The governor added , however , that he believes "  it is far more likely that Mr. Keith committed these murders than it is likely that he did not . " Strickland urged the courts to give a "  full , fair analysis " of the issues raised in the appeal . He ignored the recommendations of the state 's parole board , which last month unanimously recommended against clemency . Keith 's lawyers applauded the governor 's decision , but promised to continue the fight to clear the inmate . "  Mr. Keith remains incarcerated for a crime he did not commit , and that crime remains unsolved , " said a statement from his five-person legal team . "  The commutation to a life sentence does not lessen the need for justice to prevail . " Prosecutors said the 46-year-old Keith had maliciously sprayed a home with gunfire , that left a 4-year-old dead , along with her mother and aunt . Three others were wounded but survived , including a man who later testified against the main suspect . At trial , the state argued one of the victims was the brother of an undercover police informant who had implicated Keith as a drug dealer . But Keith 's public defenders point to at least one other suspect , and say a detective in the case lied on the stand about how a survivor of the shooting identified Keith . His defense team also later presented alibi witnesses . Calls to the Crawford County prosecuting attorney 's office were not immediately returned . The issue of "  actual innocence " and the rights of prisoners to challenge their sentences years after a trial will be argued next month at the U.S. Supreme Court . A Texas death row inmate wants DNA testing from evidence that had not been analyzed at the time of his trial , to try to prove he did not commit the crime . The Innocence Project , a New York-based legal clinic said 258 people have been exonerated through DNA testing and new evidence being uncovered , with their convictions being tossed out . Many defense attorneys have urged the courts to make it easier for inmates -- especially those facing execution -- to go to court to press for a new look at these innocence claims , including more sophisticated DNA testing of old evidence . "  It 's a win-win for the justice system . If he turns out to be guilty , we have the certainty of that fact with objective DNA science prior to the time that we carry out the ultimate punishment , " said Nina Morrison , a staff attorney with the Innocence Project . "  And if he 's not guilty , obviously that 's something that we , and surely the state , would want to know prior to the time that an irrevocable penalty of execution is carried out . "	Kevin Keith was scheduled to die by lethal injection in two weeks Ohio 's governor changed the sentence to life in prison without parole for three killings The governor cites "  legitimate questions " about evidence in the case But the governor adds he thinks it is "  far more likely " than not that Keith committed the killings
CNN  -- At the start of the evening dinner rush on January 10 , a group of 13 is seated at an Applebee 's in Mason City , Iowa . Their waitress is new . She is nervous . She has never served a big group before but after a little reassurance she is ready . The 13 men and women , ages 25-60 , are dressed in flight suits from University of Iowa AirCare . They have just attended a memorial service for three colleagues killed in a medical helicopter crash on January 2 and have stopped for dinner before the long drive home . Dr. Azeem Ahmed , medical director of the University of Iowa AirCare program , said the deaths had hit the Northern Iowa emergency responder community hard . Russ Piehl and Shelly Lair-Langenbau , along with pilot Gene Grell , were killed just minutes after climbing into a Mercy Medical Center North helicopter to pick up a patient . Although the cause of the crash is not known , the Des Moines Register reports the helicopter hit the ground and burst into flames just 15 miles away from the hospital from where it had been dispatched . Radio Iowa said Grell was looking forward to being a "  husband in the near future . " The paper described paramedic Piehl as a dedicated professional with a sense of humor . Nurse Lair-Langenbau was described by WHOtv.com as a "  hell of a nurse " and dedicated mother to her two young daughters . More than 1,000 people including emergency responders , members of the public and family attended the service . "  It was somber , but uplifting , " Ahmed said . "  It helped us all with the healing process . " As the group finished their meals their waitress told Ahmed their bill will be "  very small . " "  What do you mean ? " Ahmed asked . The waitress handed the doctor a folder . Inside was a note on a napkin , written in capital letters . "  For all you do and in memory of your team mates ... This meal is on us . " Ahmed said after reading the note he stood up and addressed the group , explaining what had just happened . Then he passed it around . Some had tears in their eyes . "  We were very moved and humbled , " said Ahmed . "  We were overwhelmed . " Jennifer Allen , Applebee 's associate manager , said the entire staff was overwhelmed , "  in a good way . " On the drive home Ahmed said the conversation naturally gravitated toward the note . Each person , Ahmed said , committed to paying the good deed forward . Ahmed posted a photo of the note and a short caption to his Facebook page and on the Facebook page for University of Iowa AirCare . It received more than 2,000 shares , 12,000 likes and 500 comments . When asked why he shared it he said there were three reasons . First , he wanted to recognize the person , who wished to remain anonymous , in some way for her or his kindness . Second , he wanted to let emergency responders know what they do makes a difference and for them to feel the same support . Third , he wanted to honor those who died by motivating others to pay it forward . "  It 's motivation for myself and everyone who sees it to do something similar , " Ahmed said . "  In the end , the people who died , this is the best way to honor them . "	Stranger pays entire bill for AirCare team Facebook post of stranger 's kindness inspires others Group was "  humbled " and "  overwhelmed "
Miami  CNN  -- NASA plans a return to yesteryear by developing a space capsule that will carry humans into deep space , it announced Tuesday . "  We are committed to human exploration beyond low-Earth orbit and look forward to developing the next generation of systems to take us there , " NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said . The new spacecraft , to be built by Lockheed Martin , will be known as the Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle , or MPCV . It will carry four astronauts and be based on designs originally planned for NASA 's Orion Crew Exploration Vehicle , whose development was canceled by President Barack Obama . NASA says astronauts would not fly onboard until at least 2016 . NASA has not flown astronauts beyond low-Earth orbit since the Apollo program , in the 1970s . "  We hope to have test flights in this decade . We 're not sure when but certainly as early as possible , " said Douglas Cooke , NASA 's associate administrator for exploration systems mission . Like the Apollo spacecraft , which landed 12 men on the moon , the MPCV will splash down in the Pacific Ocean upon return to Earth . However , the new craft will be the 21st-century version : Much larger and 10 times safer to launch and land than the space shuttle , NASA says . "  We would have an abort system , all the way from sitting on the pad , to flying up , up and away . The space shuttle has never had that capability , " Cooke said . This new spacecraft is NASA 's first step forward in its next great leap , as the U.S. space shuttle program heads into retirement . Officials say this vehicle will be able to go to the moon or do a deep space mission to Mars . Any deep space mission would be accompanied by a larger compartment for the crew , Cooke said . The MPCV is currently at Lockheed Martin 's facility in Denver , undergoing testing . NASA is hoping to start flying as soon as possible to close the gap in the U.S. manned space program . With the retirement of the space shuttle , expected in July , the U.S. will have to pay the Russian space agency to take astronauts back and forth from the station until the MPCV is ready . NASA is also hoping that private , commercial companies will soon be able to fly astronauts to the space station in newly developed vehicles . The original Orion spacecraft was part of NASA 's Constellation program to take man back to the moon , and later , to Mars . That program was canceled . In 2010 , it was resurrected , and downsized to be used as a "  lifeboat , " in the event of an emergency on the space station . Five billion dollars have already been spent on Orion -- another reason to keep the design . NASA has not yet developed a rocket powerful enough to propel this spacecraft out of Earth 's atmosphere . "  As we aggressively continue our work on a heavy-lift-launch vehicle , we are moving forward with an existing contract to keep development of our new crew vehicle on track , " Bolden said . Obama has committed $ 3 billion for NASA to develop the heavy-lift-launch vehicle .	New craft wo n't be ready until 2016 at earliest It could go to moon or Mars Separate crew compartment needed to go farther Capsule intended to fill gap created by end to shuttle program
CNN  -- Didier Deschamps has been named to succeed Eric Gerets as coach at current French league leaders Marseille at the end of the season , the club announced on Tuesday . World Cup winning captain Didier Deschamps is returning to Marseille as coach at the end of the season . Gerets said last week that he would not be renewing his contract and Marseille decided that France 's 1998 World Cup winning captain , Deschamps , was the outstanding candidate to replace him . Former Marseille captain Deschamps , who has signed a two-year contract , has been commentating on French television since leaving Italian giants Juventus where he was coach until the summer of 2007 . The 40-year-old previously had a spell in charge at Monaco having ended his playing career in 2001 . "  Didier Deschamps will be OM coach next season , " confirmed a statement on the Marseille Web site . Officials added : "  Last Friday 's meeting between the club president  Pape Diouf  and its principal shareholder  Robert Louis-Dreyfus  was able to confirm definitively this choice . "  After Eric Gerets , the club could only fix their choice on a coach of the highest standard to continue the great work already accomplished and the club 's development on the playing front . "  Based on our criteria , the choice of Didier Deschamps , whose career as a player and a coach works largely in his favor , naturally won over . " Deschamps led Marseille to a Champions League triumph in 1993 and had two spells at the club as a player , between 1989-1990 and 1991-1994 . He also played for Nantes , Bordeaux , Juventus , Chelsea and Valencia in a top career and was also France captain when they won Euro 2000 .	Didier Deschamps becomes new manager of Marseille at end of the season French 1998 World Cup winning captain succeeds Eric Gerets on 2-year deal Gerets said last week he would not be renewing contract with league leaders
A former prosecutor who declined to bring charges against Bill Cosby a decade ago said Wednesday that he wishes he could 've nailed the comedian on an allegation that he drugged and molested a woman at his Pennsylvania home . Bruce Castor also told CNN that he believed Cosby -- a beloved figure who , with his wit and boyish smile , has charmed audiences as a family-friendly stand-up comic , the voice of Fat Albert , the host of "  Picture Pages " and the star of a wildly popular eponymous sitcom -- lied to authorities . In January 2004 , Andrea Constand , then a 31-year-old staffer for the women 's basketball team at Temple University , Cosby 's alma mater , was at the comedian 's Cheltenham , Pennsylvania , home when Cosby provided her medication that made her dizzy , she alleged the following year . She later woke up to find her bra undone and her clothes in disarray , she further alleged to police in her home province of Ontario in January 2005 . Cosby 's attorney in the case , Walter M. Phillips Jr. , called the allegations "  utterly preposterous " and "  plainly bizarre " at the time , yet in a civil filing , Constand 's lawyers said they had found 13 "  Jane Does " with similar stories . Cosby settled the civil suit in 2006 . The terms of the settlement were not disclosed , but when journalist and publicist Joan Tarshis came forward with another similar story this weekend , Cosby attorney John Schmitt denied her claim and others ' , labeling them "  decade-old , discredited allegations . " Schmitt later amended that statement to say he was n't referring to Constand , who resolved her differences "  to the mutual satisfaction of Mr. Cosby and Ms. Constand years ago . " ' I could n't check her blood ' Castor , who was the district attorney for Montgomery County , Pennsylvania , when Constand came forward in 2005 , now tells CNN he thought Constand was credible , and he thought Cosby was evasive in his interview with prosecutors . Castor , whose assistants interviewed Cosby , said he felt the comedian was setting up a defense that Constand was at his house on her own volition and that anything occurring between them was consensual . "  Back then , the desire on our part to move forward was pretty strong , " he said . "  The problem with the case was she waited a year until she told police about it . " This left Castor no way to corroborate Constand 's allegations , he said . He could n't check her blood , urine , hair or fingernails for traces of drugs , he could n't obtain hair or fiber for analysis , and he could n't obtain a warrant to search Cosby 's home for evidence . "  I had a theory that Cosby had drugged the woman using something to make her sleepy and to make her defenseless or unable to recall what happened , but because of the delay , I could n't check her blood , " he said . Of Cosby 's interview with prosecutors , Castor said , "  I thought he was lying . I thought he was evasive , and I thought that those things would be of value if I had another piece  of evidence  to go forward with . " The case would have come down to she said , he said , and while Castor felt strongly that Constand was telling the truth , her statements alone were not going to be enough to convict Cosby , the ex-prosecutor said . "  Did I think he probably did something inappropriate ? Yes . Did I think that I could prove it beyond a reasonable doubt based on available , credible and admissible evidence ? No , I did n't , " he said . Castor released a statement on his office 's website in 2005 , saying that he found that "  insufficient credible and admissible evidence exists upon which any charge against Mr. Cosby could be sustained beyond a reasonable doubt . " Constand 's attorney filed the civil suit two weeks later . Latest in line of accusations Castor 's account comes a day after former supermodel Janice Dickinson became the latest of a handful of women to accuse the 77-year-old comic of sexual assault publicly . She told "  Entertainment Tonight " that Cosby raped her in 1982 after giving her a pill and a glass of red wine during a dinner in Lake Tahoe . "  The last thing I remember was Bill Cosby in a patchwork robe , dropping his robe and getting on top of me . And I remember a lot of pain , " she said . Dickinson did not return a telephone call from CNN seeking comment , but Cosby has repeatedly said previous allegations are untrue . He has never been prosecuted . His attorney , Martin Singer , addressed Dickinson 's allegations specifically in a statement , calling them a "  fabricated lie " and saying they contradicted what she wrote in her autobiography and what she said during a 2002 New York Observer interview . Since 2005 , several women have come forward with remarkably similar stories about being drugged and sexually assaulted by the comedian . This year , the accusations resurfaced , and earlier this month , a seemingly harmless post on Cosby 's Twitter account turned them into a social media storm . After the accusations gained steam again , one of his accusers , Barbara Bowman , turned to the public once more with an article in The Washington Post and interviews with CNN . Bowman alleged she was drugged , then raped , though she said she never saw drugs . "  I woke up out of a very confused state not in my clothes , " she said . On Saturday , NPR broadcast an awkward interview with Cosby in which he did n't utter a word when repeatedly asked about the accusations . NPR host Scott Simon filled the airtime by saying Cosby was just "  shaking his head no . "	"  I had a theory that Cosby had drugged the woman , " ex-prosecutor tells CNN Bill Cosby settled a lawsuit with Andrea Constand in 2006 ; terms not disclosed Constand waited a year to report crime , so prosecutor could n't corroborate story Cosby has repeatedly said allegations against him of sexual assault are untrue
CNN  In 1971 , a physicist conceptualized the existence of a fourth fundamental element in the electronic circuit , besides the three that were already in use at the time . His name was Leon Chua and he believed -- for reasons of symmetry -- that an extra component could one day be constructed to join the resistor , the capacitor and the inductor . He called it "  memristor " , a portmanteau of the words memory and resistor . It took 37 years for our engineering abilities to catch up with that idea : the first memristor was built by Hewlett Packard in 2008 . And today , many researchers believe it could spark a revolution in computing . Simply put , the memristor could mean the end of electronics as we know it and the beginning of a new era called "  ionics " . The transistor , developed in 1947 , is the main component of computer chips . It functions using a flow of electrons , whereas the memristor couples the electrons with ions , or electrically charged atoms . In a transistor , once the flow of electrons is interrupted by , say , cutting the power , all information is lost . But a memristor can remember the amount of charge that was flowing through it , and much like a memory stick it will retain the data even when the power is turned off . This can pave the way for computers that will instantly turn on and off like a light bulb and never lose data : the RAM , or memory , will no longer be erased when the machine is turned off , without the need to save anything to hard drives as with current technology . But memristors have another fundamental difference compared with transistors : they can escape the boundaries of binary code . Initially , the technology will be mostly used to create super-fast memory chips that contain more data and consume less energy . This alone would make regular computers much more powerful , but down the line , the memristor could also take on the processing . Jennifer Rupp is a Professor of electrochemical materials at ETH Zurich , and she 's working with IBM to build a memristor-based machine . Memristors , she points out , function in a way that is similar to a human brain : "  Unlike a transistor , which is based on binary codes , a memristor can have multi-levels . You could have several states , let 's say zero , one half , one quarter , one third , and so on , and that gives us a very powerful new perspective on how our computers may develop in the future , " she told CNN 's Nick Glass . Such a shift in computing methodology would allow us to create "  smart " computers that operate in a way reminiscent of the synapses in our brains . Free from the limitations of the 0s and 1s , these more powerful computers would be able to learn and make decisions , ultimately getting us one step closer to creating human-like artificial intelligence . Transistors are based on silicon , a rigid material whose properties are used to manage the flow of electrons , and thus information . In 1975 , Gordon Moore , the co-founder of Intel , formulated a famous law which states that the number of transistors in an electronic circuit doubles approximately every two years . This has so far proven accurate and set the pace for the constant increase in computing power , but the trend might soon come to an end . There is a physical limit to the number of transistors that we can pack on a chip , and we are already approaching the miniaturization threshold of this technology . It is inevitable that , one day , we will need to move away from silicon based computing . The memristor technology is a candidate for this crucial step : "  It could mean the end of the silicon era , giving us lower power consumption , the ability to compute more information , increased data storage and completely new logic patterns for our computers , " says Rupp . Memristors do n't require a silicon layer and different materials can be used as a substrate . This could create a new class of microchips , that could eventually be integrated in everyday items such as windows , clothes or even coffee cups . After manufacturing the first ever memristor , Hewlett Packard has been working for years on a new type of computer based on the technology . According to plans , it will launch by 2020 . Simply called "  The Machine " , it uses "  electrons for processing , photons for communication , and ions for storage . " "  I think there is a race going on , " says Rupp . "  There is a strong driving force , but at the same time it 's very important that there are players like HP , because they want to get to the market , show everyone that this is real . " At the moment , manufacturing costs are still high , but the benefits are worth it : "  Memristors operate at a lower power consumption , with a faster speed , and with a higher volume density of information than anything we have based on silicon microchip transistors , " Rupp told CNN . Much like a particle in the realm of physics , the existence of the memristor was theorized long before we could actually build one . Now that we have that capability to manufacture it , the "  missing fourth element " of electronics -- despite its less than catchy name -- might be the key to many further human discoveries . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Behold the ` Internet of Sheep ' Will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' ? Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car	The memristor is a new type of electrical component that could revolutionize electronics It was first conceptualized in the 1970s , long before one could even be built Researchers at ETH work with IBM in memristors for future computing devices Memristor-based chips would n't require silicon , so we could see computers in windows , textiles or even coffee cups
CNN  -- Deluxe lodgings in Lhasa . A canyon-side retreat on the outskirts of Muscat . A private island in Doha . Sparkly hotels opening around the world in 2014 come with features just as cool as their settings . Luxury bathroom products and pillow menus are no longer enough . Today 's travelers now demand  at least someone thinks  such extras as a marine conservation center , private cinema , oxygen lounge and in-room thermal baths . Ace Hotel Downtown Los Angeles Opening : January 2014 The Ace Hotel group 's fifth American property and the first to open since co-founder Alex Calderwood 's death in November , this LA hotel highlights everything the Ace brand stands for . Set in the historic 1927 United Artists building and theater , the 182-room hotel 's eclectic style is a collaboration between local group Commune and Atelier Ace . Guest rooms reflect architectural heritage and come with Rudy 's Toiletries , Pearl + soaps and Revo Radios . In addition to a rooftop pool and bar and pet-friendly options , the property will reopen the building 's original 1,600-seat performance space , which will house a theater . Ace Hotel Downtown Los Angeles , 929 South Broadway , Los Angeles ; +1 2136233233 ; from $ 299 per night The Ritz-Carlton , Kyoto Opening : February 7 , 2014 Incorporating a traditional Meiji-era house and courtyard , this Zen-inspired property sits on the banks of Kyoto 's Kamogawa River , with many of the city 's 17 World Heritage Sites within walking distance . From the Imabari robes in the hotel 's 134 guest rooms to artwork by local artists , Japanese design and style are featured throughout the hotel . Some suites come with outdoor gardens modeled on tsukimidai  moon-viewing decks  . All rooms offer 600-fretted bed linens and featherbeds , luxury bath amenities by Asprey of London and Kyoto Shabon soaps and seasonal bath salts . Those bath products are also found in the 2,000-square-meter spa at the base of a waterfall . The dining room 's beautiful features include an 11-meter Uwajima-nuri lacquered counter and waterfall . The menu focuses on Edomae-style sushi . The Ritz-Carlton , Kyoto , Kamogawa Nijo-ohashi Hotori , Nakagyo-ku , Kyoto , Japan ; +81757465555 ; from $ 700 per night Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam Opening : March 2014 The upcoming Waldorf 93-room property encompasses six original patrician houses -- each of them on UNESCO 's World Heritage list -- from the 17th and 18th centuries . Set on one of Amsterdam 's oldest canals , the Herengracht , in the middle of the city 's historic center , each house has exposed beams , sloping ceilings and large picture windows overlooking the canal or courtyard garden . The hotel will house the same Peacock Alley restaurant as the New York flagship , a converted underground bar and a function space decorated with original 17th-century paintings . Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam , Herengracht 542-556 , Amsterdam ; +31207106090 ; from $ 630 per night Alila Jabal Akhdar  Oman Opening : March 2014 Neighbor to Dubai and Abu Dhabi but a world away in pace , Oman has steered clear of record-breaking hotels in glass towers with water parks and snowfields . Set 2,000 meters above sea level in the mountainous Jabal Akhdar region two hours from Muscat , the country 's newest offering does n't deviate from tradition . Asian-based hotel group Alila 's Middle Eastern debut sits on the edge of a dramatic gorge , with spectacular views of the Hajar Mountains from the outdoor pool . The 86 rooms , suites and villas are set in stone buildings resembling flat-roofed Omani houses . There 's a spa , indoor pool and surprising array of adventure activities in the area . Alila Jabal Akhdar , Hajar Mountains , Oman ; rates from $ 310 per night Anantara Doha Island Resort & Spa Opening : April 2014 Anantara 's big opening is a 13-hectare private island resort . Accessed by speedboat , Anantara Doha 's 141 rooms include a series of over-water villas with plunge pools . There are four other pools for guests : one with a wave simulator , another styled on a lagoon and two hydro-exercise pools . An offshore reef is being regenerated and will be home to a conservation center . Guests can plant their own coral and dive at the fully equipped dive center . On land , diversions range from a bowling alley and cinema to four restaurants and bars , a holistic wellness center , tennis courts and nine-hole putting course . Anantara Doha Island Resort & Spa , Doha , Qatar ; doha@anantara.com; rates TBA Park Hyatt New York Opening : Q2 2014 The Park Hyatt 's first New York hotel occupies a coveted location opposite Carnegie Hall in midtown Manhattan , with views of Central Park . Occupying the top floors of the 90-story One57 -- the tallest residential building in the city -- the 210-room property was designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architect Christian de Portzamparc . Interiors are by Yabu Pushelberg , whose notable Manhattan designs include Bergdorf Goodman and Barneys . Park Hyatt New York , 157 W. 57th St. , New York ; rates TBA W Beijing -- Chang ` An Opening : June 28 , 2014 In a city where hotels seem to materialize every other day , the W Beijing has a lot of pressure to stand out . For starters , there 's its attention-grabbing location , just steps from the Forbidden City . The 340 rooms and suites bring state-of-the-art bells and whistles -- integrated audio systems , built-in recessed screens , adjustable lighting . The hotel will have a Wish Workshop , where guests can sign up for everything from cooking classes to yoga . It 'll be a busy month for W Hotels in China , with Beijing 's sister property , W Shanghai -- The Bund , set to open on June 15 , with 600 rooms and Huangpu River views . W Beijing -- Chang ` An , No. 2 Jianguomennan Avenue , Beijing ; rates TBA Sea Sentosa Bali Opening : Q2 , 2014 It turns out there 's still beachfront left in Bali . Located on popular Canggu surf hangout Echo Beach on the west coast of the Indonesian island , the new Sea Sentosa property features rooms and suites enveloping a lagoon-style swimming pool and hemmed with vertical gardens . At the top of the resort , the three-bedroom penthouse comes with wraparound balconies overlooking the Indian Ocean , a private plunge pool and Italian furnishings . Two beachfront restaurants will provide opportunities for sunset gazing . There will also be a gourmet deli and surf shop on the property . Sea Sentosa , Echo Beach , Canggu , Bali , Indonesia ; +623618881234 ; from $ 175 Shangri-La Lhasa Opening : Q2 2014 Coming to the location that inspired the brand , the Shangri-La Hotel group 's first luxury property on the Qinghai-Tibetan plateau is within walking distance of Potala Palace and Norbulingka Palace . Set at an altitude of more than 3,500 meters , the 289-room hotel is designed to maximize comfort . Surrounded by extensive gardens with indigenous plants , the oxygen lounge is meant to help guests adjust to the altitude . Traditional Tibetan furniture and furnishings  turquoise stone , decorative metals , floral patterns , auspicious symbols  brighten rooms ; public facilities include the CHI Spa and a Tibetan-Yunnan restaurant . Recommended : roasted lamb ribs marinated in Tibetan yogurt . Shangri-La Lhasa , Lingkor Road , Lhasa , China ; from $ 392 The Gainsborough Bath Spa Opening : Q2 , 2014 Approximately 4 million visitors flock to Bath every year to see the historic streets and buildings and soak in thermal waters . The Gainsborough hotel combines Bath 's top sights by occupying three historic structures with direct access to thermal waters -- the only hotel in the United Kingdom to enjoy such a privilege . The lower level of the property will be home to the 1,300-square-meter Spa Village Bath and mosaic thermal pools set within an atrium flooded with natural light . The 99 rooms come with high ceilings , heated bathroom floors and Georgian windows , and include three spa suites with roll-top baths . The three taps are marked "  hot , " "  cold " and "  thermal . " Bellotts , a 17th-century annex to the Gainsborough building , has 14 guest rooms with an underground passageway to the spa village . The Gainsborough Bath Spa , Beau Street , Bath , England ; from $ 381 per night The Beaumont Hotel Opening : Q3 , 2014 Jeremy King and Chris Corbin -- founders of some of London 's most successful restaurants , including The Wolseley , Delaunay , Brasserie Zedel and Colbert -- are behind this boutique Mayfair property overlooking Brown Hart Gardens . The art deco building 's 73 rooms and suites take inspiration from 1920s Manhattan , while the works of British sculptor Antony Gormley dot the sculpture room . A Corbin & King restaurant is on the roster , as well as an American-style bar . The Beaumont , Brown Hart Gardens , Mayfair , London ; rates TBA Peninsula Paris Opening : August 1 , 2014 Peninsula Hotels makes its debut in Europe with the launch of a grand hotel in a century-old Beaux-Arts building . Tiered silver platters will be delivered to tables for high tea every afternoon and the hotel 's five other restaurants and bars include an upscale Chinese restaurant , cigar lounge and rooftop bar . The 1,700-square-meter subterranean spa includes an indoor pool with LED mood lighting , herbal steam rooms and ice fountains . Peninsula Paris , 19 Avenue Kleber , Paris ; rates TBA Other notable openings in 2014 Japanese hoteliers Hoshinoya will open a retreat in Ubud , Bali , toward the end of the year . The Ritz-Carlton will return to Bali with a resort slated for the Nusa Dua region . Southern California will see the opening of The Ritz-Carlton , Rancho Mirage . Anantara will open its second Phuket property , Anantara Phuket Layan Resort & Spa , Thailand , and will also open Anatara Emei Resort & Spa in China . The Russian capital will soon be home to the Four Seasons Hotel Moscow .	In Los Angeles , the Ace Hotel group will open a property in a 1927 building Upcoming Waldorf Astoria Amsterdam is housed in historic patrician houses The Peninsula Paris will have a 1,700-square-meter subterranean spa
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Embattled Sen. Larry Craig accused police after his June arrest of trying to entrap him , but CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin says he puts little faith in such a defense . A police mug shot of Sen. Larry Craig after he was arrested at the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport in June . In a police recording released Thursday , the Idaho Republican denied that he was trying to engage in lewd behavior in a men 's bathroom at a Minnesota airport . He later pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor disorderly conduct charge . "  You should n't be out to entrap people , " Craig said on the tape . The arresting officer denied Craig 's accusation of entrapment . Listen to police interview Craig " CNN.com asked Toobin about how an entrapment defense might work in court . CNN.com : What 's the legal definition of entrapment ? TOOBIN : The key concept with entrapment is the idea of predisposition . A person is entrapped if they are lured into committing a crime that they are not otherwise predisposed to commit . Basically an entrapment defense shifts the burden of proof to the prosecution to prove that the defendant was not predisposed to commit the crime . The question is , did the police entice you to do something that you did n't want to do in the first place ? And the important point to raise about entrapment defenses is that they 're rarely successful . And most juries tend to think that if you commit a crime , you did it of your own volition . CNN.com : What tactics do police employ to protect their sting operations from the entrapment defense ? TOOBIN : Well , what they often do , which was not done here , is use tape recordings or video so the jury can see how anxious the defendant was to commit the crime . Tape and video is the best refutation of an entrapment defense . I think Craig had the possibility of raising an entrapment defense in this case . Now , I do n't know if it would have been successful . What you have to remember about that tape is the officer 's report says that Craig did a heck of a lot more than just pick up a piece of paper in the stall . Watch how fellow Republicans are pressuring Craig to quit " He rubbed his hand along the side of the stall , and he lingered outside and looked through the crack and rubbed his fingers together . I mean there were a whole series of signals . And the jury might very well have believed the officer rather than Craig . I do n't mean to suggest that entrapment defense would have necessarily been successful , but it was not an implausible defense given the facts . The whole issue is moot because he pled . I do n't take seriously his protestations of entrapment because he pled guilty . You know , he 's not innocent until proven guilty . He 's guilty . He 's an intelligent , sophisticated man with access to lawyers , and he actually told the authorities that he 'd consulted a lawyer . He had weeks to reflect on whether to plead guilty . It would have been one thing if the day of the offense , he signed a paper pleading guilty . He could have made the argument that he just panicked on the day of the offense . But there were weeks between the offense and the guilty plea . CNN.com : Is there any way that Craig could use entrapment as a defense to improve his case -- to work backward legally toward vindication ? TOOBIN : Out of the question . No way . E-mail to a friend	"  You should n't be out to entrap people , " Sen. Larry Craig told arresting officer Entrapment defense possible , but juries do n't often believe it , says CNN analyst Idaho Republican pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct after arrest in men 's room
CNN  -- It may be a case of wishful thinking , but a British tabloid is reporting that Kim Kardashian may be pursuing a music career again . According to The Sun , the newlywed has enlisted the help of husband Kanye West as well as vocal and songwriting coaches to help her break into the industry . Now , we say wishful thinking because embarking on such a venture would just give folks the opportunity to write even more about Kardashian  raising our hands over here , too  . That 's the whole point , is n't it ? Still , it 's not that she has n't tried before . Remember the reality star 's single , "  Jam  Turn It Up  , " from 2011 ? Most people probably do n't . The song gained practically no traction . In 2012 Kardashian was quoted as saying that she would never try to launch a singing career . "  No , I 'd never  make another single  , that was just for fun , and for charity , " she said at the time . Proceeds from her single , which failed to make the charts , reportedly went to fund St. Jude 's Children 's Research Hospital .	A British tabloid is reporting the reality star is ready to try singing again Kim Kardashian released a single in 2011 Proceeds from the single went to charity
CNN  -- Tina and Billy Clark saw the funnel cloud approaching and did what many of their neighbors did . "  We just ran and hid in the closet , " Tina Clark told CNN after one of a swarm of tornadoes descended Wednesday night into their neighborhood in Hood County , 30 miles southwest of Fort Worth , Texas . "  I was holding the door shut , " Billy Clark told CNN . "  You could feel the pressure from inside the house . It was like pulling on the door a little bit . The whole house was shaking really bad . It felt like the house was getting ripped apart , but we could n't see anything from inside the closet , so we did n't know what exactly was going on . " "  You could just hear stuff hitting the house , " his wife said . Once the storm had passed , they emerged from the closet and noted that their house , perhaps because of its location on a slope , had escaped the brunt of the storm . It was only after they got into their truck and began driving to get out of the impact zone that they began to realize that others had not fared so well . "  Once we turned the corner and got up the street a little bit , I mean , just everything was destroyed , " said Billy Clark . They came upon neighbors who asked them for a ride to a hospital . "  So we started loading them up , " Tina Clark said . Among their passengers were two girls . "  They could n't even walk , they were just covered in blood , " she said . The couple then came upon a woman and her son . "  They said that the wall got ripped off from the tornado and they got sucked out of the house , " Billy Clark said . "  The mom , it threw her into a tree head first and busted her head open . " "  I thought that lady was gon na die in my truck , " Tina Clark said . "  The son , he went outside to go get her during the tornado , and then it pulled him out of the house . He said it threw him through a field and he cut his head on a piece of sheet metal . " They picked up several other children , too . "  The one little girl , all her teeth were knocked out , " Billy Clark said . "  And then the other girl , she had bones sticking out of her legs , she had a big gash in her arm . " The couple soon found the road blocked by downed trees and power lines . "  There was no way out , so we took them back to the house and called the ambulance , and they just told us to wait , " Tina Clark said . Instead , they got back into the truck and drove their injured passengers as far as they could , then continued on foot . "  We just had to carry them to the paramedics because they could n't get to us , " Tina Clark said . Three people were taken to a nearby hospital , and 13 others were taken to hospitals in the Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex , authorities have said . Some of the patients underwent amputations , said Dr. Kerri Sistrunk , head of the trauma unit at Lake Granbury Medical Center . By Friday afternoon , all seven people who had been reported missing had been found , police said . But many more were homeless ; 31 people slept in a shelter Thursday night . "  What always amazes me on visits like this is how fast lives can totally change , " Gov. Rick Perry said Friday after touring Granbury . Neighborhood hit hard The devastation from what the National Weather Service said were at least 16 tornadoes that killed six people was centered in the Clarks ' neighborhood of Rancho Brazos . Of the 110 houses that had stood there Wednesday afternoon , "  there 's very few left untouched , " said Mario Flores , director of disaster-response field operations for Habitat for Humanity , which built 61 homes in the neighborhood . "  Fifty-eight had damage , from minor to total destruction , " Flores said . "  It 's a scene of total devastation . " "  When you look down to where all the rest of the houses normally are , there 's nothing there , " Daniel Layne told CNN affiliate KTRK . "  Piled-up cars , cars in trees , there 's a car in our water tower . " He and his wife , Amanda , had waited two years to move into one of the Habitat homes . "  There literally is no Rancho Brazos anymore , " Amanda Layne said . Hood County Sheriff Roger Deeds is no stranger to destruction . "  I 've seen bad , " he said . "  But this is about as bad as it gets . " A survey team for the National Weather Service concluded that the tornado that descended on this neighborhood was an EF4 -- the second-most severe classification on a scale of zero to five . How to help or find help For some , the extent of their loss remains unclear . Families have not been able to return to their homes in Rancho Brazos since the storms rolled through . Deeds said Friday that "  hopefully " they 'll be able to go in at 8 a.m. Saturday , adding that authorities plan only to "  open things back up on a limited basis . " A curfew applies from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m. Ronna Cotten is one of those who have n't been gone back , having been warned it would be days before she could n't re-enter her subdivision to "  check to see if we have any belongings left . " She has stayed in the home of a woman who picked her up from a rescue center Wednesday night . The mother of four said she survived by clutching to a doorknob as winds tore through her home . "  I feel very lucky , because we are alive , " she said . CNN 's Nick Valencia , Tristan Smith , Greg Botelho , Lateef Mungin , Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : Residents of one neighborhood "  hopefully " can return Saturday , sheriff says "  There literally is no Rancho Brazos anymore , " resident says of North Texas neighborhood At least 16 tornadoes touched down in the area , National Weather Service says A doctor says some victims underwent amputations
CNN  -- Perhaps , now the candidates will play nice . For all their insistence on how unlike they are from one another , the three U.S. presidential candidates share some noteworthy family connections , the New England Historic Genealogical Society has found . Democratic Sen. Barack Obama , who has made his opposition to the Iraq war a linchpin of his campaign , is distantly related not only to President George W. Bush but also to another wartime leader -- former British Prime Minister Winston Churchill . Because of his shared ancestry with President Bush , Obama is also indirectly related to his rival on the Republican side , Sen. John McCain . McCain , it turns out , is a sixth cousin of First Lady Laura Bush . Meanwhile , Sen. Hillary Clinton , is related to beatnik author Jack Kerouac , Canadian Prime Minster Pierre Trudeau and Camilla Parker-Bowles , wife of Prince Charles of England . Clinton also shares ancestors with Grammy Award-winning singers Celine Dion and Madonna . The senator won a Best Spoken Word Grammy for the audio version of her book , "  It Takes a Village . " Rival Obama also snagged one in the same category for his book "  The Audacity of Hope . " Conservatives who sometimes accuse Democrats of being in bed with liberal Hollywood elites may have been handed one more round of ammunition by the Society 's findings . Clinton , the Society said , is related to Angelina Jolie . And Obama is related to Jolie 's boyfriend Brad Pitt . Watch a report on the candidates ' family trees and other news " The New England Historic Genealogical Society , founded in 1845 , says it is the oldest such organization in the country . Members spent three years tracing the lineage of the candidates . Among its other findings : McCain , the Vietnam War veteran who spent five years as a prisoner of war , descends from a long line of kings : Scottish King William the Lion , English King Edward I and French King Louis VII . Obama , the son of a white woman from Kansas and a black man from Kenya , is "  related to millions of contemporary Americans - perhaps even a significant percentage of the population , " the researchers said . He is cousins with six U.S presidents , including Lyndon Johnson , Harry Truman and Gerald Ford . He is also linked to American artist Georgia O'Keefe , the Duchess of Windsor and two men who signed the Declaration of Independence . Most surprisingly , Obama -- the man who could become America 's first African-American president -- is linked by ancestry to Robert E. Lee , who commanded the armies of the Southern slave-holding states during the American civil war . Bedfellows , it turns out , make for strange politics . E-mail to a friend	New England Historic Genealogical Society studies candidates ' ancestry Hillary Clinton is related to Angelina Jolie , Jack Kerouac and Madonna Barack Obama is related to Brad Pitt ; John McCain shares a link to Laura Bush
PARIS , France  CNN  -- A plane with seven people aboard crashed into the Mediterranean Sea on Thursday , a French regional government official told CNN . A New Zealand Airbus 320 flying into Auckland from France , from a file picture taken in 2003 . The Airbus A320 jet was on a training flight when the crash occurred about 5 p.m.  4 p.m. GMT  , said the official at the Maritime Prefecture in Toulon , France . There were no immediate reports of survivors , but rescue efforts involving French navy vessels and a helicopter were launched . Floating debris had been located , the official said . Airbus confirmed the crash in a written statement , saying the jet was owned by Air New Zealand and operated by XL Airways Germany . "  The aircraft was operating a local technical flight from Perpignan , France , " the company said . The Airbus statement did not say how many people were thought to be on board . See a map of where the flight originated " The twin-engine plane involved in the accident had accumulated about 7,000 flying hours , Airbus said . Learn more about the Airbus A320 " "  At this time , no further factual information is available , " Airbus said . "  In line with international convention , Airbus will provide full technical assistance to the authorities of France , who will be responsible for the investigation into the accident . A team of five specialists from Airbus is being dispatched to the site . " People in a civilian vessel saw the crash take place off the coast near Perpignan , the French government official said . "  The investigation remains the entire responsibility of the relevant authorities , and it would be inappropriate for Airbus to enter into any form of speculation into the cause of the accident , " the Airbus statement said . "  The concerns and sympathy of the Airbus employees go to the families , friends and loved ones affected by the accident . "	French official : Airbus A320 Air New Zealand jet crashes off southern French coast Rescue efforts launched , no immediate reports of survivors , floating debris found Passenger jet was on a training flight when it crashed at about 4 p.m. GMT
CNN  -- More than 20,000 confidential Boy Scout documents will be released Thursday identifying more than 1,000 leaders and volunteers banned from the group after being accused of sexual or inappropriate conduct with boys . The public release of the Scouts ' 1,247 "  ineligible volunteer files " from 1965 to 1985 will not contain the identities of the boy victims and witnesses . The national files are being distributed with the approval of the Oregon Supreme Court by a law firm that won an $ 18.5 million judgment in 2010 against the Boy Scouts in a case where a Scoutmaster sexually abused a boy . Wayne Perry , president of Boy Scouts of America , said the group is deeply committed to youth protection , but he acknowledged that in some cases , the organization 's response to allegations of abuse by volunteers "  were plainly insufficient , inappropriate or wrong . " "  Where those involved in Scouting failed to protect , or worse , inflicted harm on children , we extend our deepest and sincere apologies to victims and their families , " Perry said in a statement issued Wednesday evening . "  While it is difficult to understand or explain individuals ' actions from many decades ago , today Scouting is a leader among youth-serving organizations in preventing child abuse . " Police : Couple hosted strip club , abused kids The Boy Scouts opposed the release of the internal records and said their confidentiality has encouraged prompt reporting of questionable behavior and privacy for victimized boys and their families . "  While we respect the court , we are still concerned that the release of two decades ' worth of confidential files into public view , even with the redactions indicated , may still negatively impact victims ' privacy and have a chilling effect on the reporting of abuse , " the organization said . The Scouts also released a September report from a University of Virginia psychiatry professor , Janet Warren , who concluded that the system "  has functioned well in keeping many unfit adults out of Scouting . " But the attorneys representing victims in several lawsuits against the Scouts say the group hid evidence from the public and police and that the so-called "  perversion files " offer insight into what they deem a serious problem in the organization . The secrecy protected more than 1,000 suspected child molesters , said the attorneys , who will publicly release the documents during a news conference in a downtown Portland hotel . The attorneys are also seeking the release of post-1985 files from the Boy Scouts . Victim to Sandusky : ` Because of you , I trust no one ' The files will show that the expelled Scout leaders and volunteers -- all men -- "  are sociopathic geniuses , " said attorney Kelly Clark of Portland , who has reviewed the 20,000 pages and is among the attorneys releasing the papers Thursday . "  They fool everybody , " he said . "  And then they are able to coerce , convince or threaten these kids to stay silent . And you see that play out over and over again in the files . " Clark said he represents more than 100 men who as children were in the Boy Scouts , and he estimates that more than 50 % of his clients have drug or alcohol problems . At least three of them have committed suicide , he said . Tim Kosnoff , an attorney in Seattle , said the abuse allegedly inflicted on the men as boys "  has a corrosive effect " in which trust , relationship and sexuality issues develop with adulthood . One former Boy Scout represented by Kosnoff , Keith Early , joined the group at 12 , recruited by an assistant Scoutmaster who was a married firefighter with three children and led Scout meetings in a church in Washington state . Early , now 18 , was sexually abused by the Scout leader while helping build a Boy Scout camp on his 42-acre ranch , he said in an interview with CNN . The assistant Scoutmaster was convicted of abusing Early and another boy and is now serving a prison sentence of 10 years to life . "  I felt like I was all alone , " Early said . "  Just thinking about it makes me angry ... because how could you do that to somebody ? How could you bring yourself to do that to somebody who is so innocent and has done nothing wrong ? " Ex-Peace Corps volunteer gets 15 years for abuse The number of files started each year ranged from 25 to 75 at a time when about 5 million Scouts and volunteers were active , according to Warren 's report . In most cases , "  police , courts and public were aware of the information in the files , " and 58 % "  included information known to the public . " There were "  a small number of files where an alleged offender was allowed back into Scouting after offending , " often after psychiatric treatment , "  those cases were extraordinarily rare , " wrote Warren , who was an expert witness for the Boy Scouts during the court case . Tim Hale , a Santa Barbara , California , attorney who 's representing allegedly abused Scouts who are now adults , said the released documents could provide information about possible pedophiles . "  We 're talking about hundreds , if not thousands , of unidentified men who should be registered sex offenders who are roaming free in society , free to volunteer with other youth organizations , to work at schools and that sort of thing , " Hale said . The Boy Scouts disputes that characterization of their files . In a September 20 statement released by the Boy Scouts , Warren rebutted the characterization that the documents were "  secret files of hidden abuse " by pedophiles . "  The files show a significant amount of public knowledge of the offenders and their unlawful acts . For example , over 60 % of the files being made available to the public include some kind of public information . These public domain sources included newspaper articles , police reports , criminal justice records , and records of civil litigation . The majority of men in the files were arrested at some point in their lives for a sex crime , " Warren wrote . Scouts study says kids safer with them than at home The files are also "  very limited in their ability to answer important research questions about sexual abuse , " she said . "  While some have attempted to categorize these files as a ` treasure trove ' of information about pedophiles and their actions , that simply is not the case , " Warren said . "  These files tell us precisely what researchers already knew , and have known for many years : some small number of men will use a position of trust and access to young people to pursue illegal sexual gratification . This is a sad reality that has been with us throughout human history . " The Boy Scouts say they have improved their youth protection policies the past decade and have initiated such practices as third-party , computerized background checks on all new adult volunteers . Also , at least two adults are present at all scouting activities , the group said . The Scouts , founded by congressional charter in 1910 , instituted character reference checks for Scoutmasters in 1911 and , by the 1920s , began using an ineligible volunteers list deemed not having "  the moral , emotional or character values for membership , " the group said . Opinion : What Scout abuse scandal teaches us In June , the Oregon Supreme Court upheld a lower-court decision to release the documents as requested by media outlets . "  The court had discretion to order , on good cause shown , the release of those documents subject to the redaction of names set out in the exhibits to protect victims of child sexual abuse and reporters of child sexual abuse from embarrassment , retaliation or other harm , " the state Supreme Court said in its order . "  The court in this case properly exercised that authority . " The media companies seeking the release of the files were the Associated Press , The Oregonian newspaper in Portland , Oregon Public Broadcasting , KGW  a CNN affiliate  , The New York Times and Courthouse News Service . Those media outlets intervened in a 2010 lawsuit in Oregon that resulted in the largest judgment against the Scouts in a molestation case . That year , an Oregon jury found the Boy Scouts liable for the sexual abuse of a 12-year-old boy more than 25 years earlier , returning a verdict of $ 18.5 million in punitive damages . Catholic bishop convicted of shielding abuser The plaintiff , Kerry Lewis , then 38 , allowed his name to be used publicly during the trial , according to his attorneys . He was among six men suing the Boy Scouts over allegations of sexual abuse . Lewis ' attorney , Clark , produced documents during the six-week trial that he said were part of an archive of previously secret Boy Scout files chronicling decades of abuse of boys . Clark said that when his clients were boys during the 1980s , the Boy Scouts knew that at least one of them had been abused by a former assistant Scoutmaster . At the time of the 2010 trial , that former assistant Scoutmaster was a 53-year-old convicted sex offender released from prison in 2005 and paroled until 2013 . Clark also alleged that though the Scout leader was removed , he was allowed to stay on as a volunteer and the abuse continued . In 1983 , the assistant Scoutmaster told troop leaders he abused 17 Scouts , according to plaintiff 's attorneys . In its verdict , the jury held the Boy Scouts of America 60 % negligent ; the Cascade Pacific Council , which oversees Scouting activities in the region , 15 % negligent ; and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 25 % negligent . The church has sponsored a number of Boy Scout troops , including the one to which the plaintiff belonged . A lawyer representing the church said then that the verdict had no impact on the church , because it settled the case out of court more than a year earlier . Sandusky sentenced to 30 to 60 years Late BBC presenter accused of abuse CNN 's Chuck Conder contributed to this report .	NEW : Boy Scouts president offers "  deepest and sincere apologies " for victims NEW : Most files contained public information such as police reports , professor says Attorneys representing victims will release 1,247 Boy Scouts files on "  ineligible volunteers " The files will show the names of Scoutmasters banned from the group for "  perversion "
CNN  -- South Carolina authorities have located a 555-pound teenager and his mother , who faces a charge of violating a custody order , police said Thursday . Alexander Deundray Draper , 14 , "  is possibly at a stage of critical health risk , " social services said . Alexander Deundray Draper , 14 , of Travelers Rest , South Carolina , and his mother , Jerri Althea Gray , were located at about 4:30 p.m. near a laundromat in Baltimore , Maryland , by the Baltimore County Sheriff 's Office , said Matt Armstrong , a spokesman for the Greenville County Sheriff 's Office in Greenville , South Carolina . "  Draper was checked out by EMS -LSB- Emergency Medical Services -RSB- personnel and turned over to the Maryland Department of Social Services , " Armstrong said . The South Carolina Department of Social Services will work with its Maryland counterpart to have the boy returned to South Carolina , he told CNN affiliate WYFF . The mother is being held in a detention center and will be extradited to South Carolina on an outstanding warrant , he said . Watch report on finding teen and his mother " "  The understanding was that the individual was of the weight where it was decided by medical authorities that he needed treatment that was not being provided for by his mother , " Armstrong said . Earlier in the day officials said the boy "  is possibly at a stage of critical health risk . " Gray was supposed to appear in family court Tuesday with her son and failed to do so , the sheriff 's office said . During the family court hearing , the boy was ordered into state custody because of medical neglect , as well as his mother 's failure to appear . The Department of Social Services then contacted the sheriff 's office , authorities said . The warrant said Gray was served with papers Monday and told to report to court for a hearing in which the department would seek state custody of Draper . "  The defendant has avoided the custody proceeding and has concealed the child , " the warrant says . Travelers Rest is about 10 miles north of Greenville , South Carolina . CNN 's Jackie Damico contributed to this report .	NEW : Mother , boy found near laundromat in Baltimore , Maryland Teen weighing 555 pounds , mother were sought after missing court appearance Judge ordered Alexander Draper into custody because of medical neglect Boy "  possibly at a stage of critical health risk , " according to social services
JACKSONVILLE , Florida  CNN  -- Eduardo Gonzalez , a petty officer second class with the U.S. Navy , is about to be deployed overseas for a third time . Making his deployment even tougher is the fact his wife may not be around when he comes back . Mildred and Eduardo Gonzalez worry about what would happen to their family if she is deported . His wife faces deportation to Guatemala -- her home country that she has n't seen since 1989 . He also does n't know what would happen to his young son , Eduardo Jr. , if that happens . "  I like being in uniform and serving my country , but if she goes back I 'm going to have to give it all up and just get out and take care of my son and get a job , " he said . "  Defending the country that 's trying to kick my family out is a thought that always runs through my mind . " Gonzalez , who works on helicopters that bring cargo , supplies and military personnel in and out of Iraq , testified before a House Judiciary Committee panel last month , detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his , where military members ' families could be deported while they 're defending their country overseas . Watch "  they 're tearing families apart " " "  I want to serve my country 100 percent . But with this issue in the back of my mind , I feel I ca n't do that , " he testified on September 6 . The U.S. military does not have a policy to deal with such cases . Each is handled case-by-case , not by the military , but by immigration authorities . The government does n't have numbers on how many military members are in predicaments similar to Gonzalez 's . Immigration officials also said marrying a U.S. citizen does not mean the spouse is automatically entitled to U.S. citizenship or permanent legal status . Lt. Col. Margaret Stock , a member of the U.S. Army Reserves who teaches immigration law at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York , said she believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members . "  You got to understand . When you 're in a combat zone , you need to be focusing all of your energies on fighting the enemy . You ca n't be worried that your loved ones back home could be shipped off to a foreign country where you 're never going to see them again , " she said . Stock also said the government is conflicted about how to treat such cases . On the one hand , the government is supposed to be providing military families with assistance , housing and other forms of benefits while their spouses are overseas . On the other hand , the same government is trying to deport the very same people . "  What 's happening right now is , because of the dysfunction and complexity of our immigration laws , we 've got people fighting overseas who are facing the impossible situation of having family members facing deportation back home , " she said . In Gonzalez 's case , his wife , Mildred , came to the United States with her mother in 1989 when she was 5 years old . They were granted political asylum because of their status as war refugees from Guatemala . In September 2000 , Mildred 's mother applied for legalization and included her daughter in that application . Her mother was granted legal status in July 2004 , according to Gonzalez . However , six weeks earlier , Gonzalez and Mildred got married , canceling Mildred 's ability to apply for legal status through her mother because she was no longer an unmarried daughter under the age of 21 . As a result , her legal status still remains in jeopardy . A judge in June granted her a one-year extension to remain in the United States . If her legal status does not change by June 8 , 2008 , she will have 60 days to voluntarily leave the country or face deportation . That 's just fine , according to Mark Krikorian , the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , which lobbies for tougher laws on illegal immigration . "  What you 're talking about is amnesty for illegal immigrants who have a relative in the armed forces , and that 's just outrageous , " he said . "  What we 're talking about here is letting lawbreakers get away with their actions just because they have a relative in the military . ... There 's no justification for that kind of policy . " Gonzalez said that type of response is unjustified . "  I 'm trying to make his country better -- my country better -- and it should be her country too . " Gonzalez himself entered the country legally , crossing the Mexican border with his family when he was about 10 . He joined the Navy as a so-called "  green-card sailor " and became a U.S. citizen in July 2005 . The military does accept some immigrants who are n't U.S. citizens . "  I understand the laws have to be followed and guidelines and a system must be maintained , but on the other token , there are times when the situation is just out of their reach , " Gonzalez said . His wife , Mildred , added , "  We did n't come here to break the law . We just want to feel safe and have a home just like everybody else . " U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko , a member of the Army 's 2nd Brigade , 1st Infantry Division who faces his third tour in Iraq , understands just how Gonzalez and his family feel . His wife and children could be sent back to Nigeria . "  My heart is bleeding on the thought that my wife could be deported back to Nigeria while I am deployed in Iraq , " he said . "  I am extremely distressed and distracted by the thought . " That 's a sentiment echoed by Gonzalez : "  We are not asking for anything . We are just asking for our families to stay with us . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Sailor 's wife could be deported while he 's overseas Sailor : "  Defending the country that 's trying to kick my family out " is tough U.S. military does n't have overall policy to handle such situations Wife : "  We just want to feel safe and have a home just like everybody else "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Phil Lesh is on the phone . Bob Weir and Phil Lesh will be taking part in The Dead 's April-May tour . "  I wish I could say I once quit my job to follow the Grateful Dead in my VW bus , " I tell him . "  But honestly , I 'm just not that cool . " The bass player chuckles . "  It 's mostly trust-fund kids , " he confides . "  They 're the only ones who are able to do that . " I guess you could say I 'm a wannabe Deadhead . Like many Americans , I 'm fascinated by tales of the Grateful Dead 's improvisational live shows and colorful sense of community . Some 40-odd years after the group rose out of San Francisco 's Haight-Ashbury scene of the mid-1960s , there 's even a popular Sirius Satellite Radio channel devoted solely to the legendary jam band . A few days ago , the four surviving members of the Grateful Dead dropped a sweet New Year 's gift on fans -- they 'll reunite for their first concert tour in five years . Just as they did on their last outing , Lesh , guitarist Bob Weir and drummers Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann will perform under the shortened moniker The Dead . It 's a reverent nod to their iconic lead guitarist , Jerry Garcia , who died from a heart attack in 1995 after a long struggle with drug addiction . Under the banner , "  An Evening With , " the trek will encompass 19 shows in 16 cities , kicking off April 12 in Greensboro , North Carolina , and wrapping up May 10 in Mountain View , California . The quartet will be joined by guitarist Warren Haynes and keyboardist Jeff Chimenti . iReport.com : Step back to the 1970s The reunion is something that 's been rumored since Lesh , Weir and Hart headlined a "  Deadheads for Obama " concert in San Francisco last February . Kreutzmann was in Hawaii that night , but he was there in spirit . iReport : Are you grateful for a Dead tour ? "  We 've never , ever endorsed a candidate -- ever , " Lesh states emphatically . "  Not even Robert Kennedy . It was a big deal for all of us . But this was the time , and this was the man . " Accompanied by his wife , Jill , and their youngest son , Brian , Lesh even traveled to Reno to knock on doors , in an effort to get out the vote in Nevada -- a battleground state that ultimately went to Barack Obama . Did anyone recognize him when they answered the door ? "  Not really . Reno is not really a stronghold of Dead-dom , " he deadpans . Lesh downplays the band 's legacy as founding fathers of a jam band scene that now includes such free-form artists as Phish , the String Cheese Incident and Blues Traveler . "  All we did was steal what jazz musicians did and apply it to rock 'n' roll . If we did n't do it , someone else would have , " he says . For the tour , look for The Dead to continue their trademark three-and-a-half to four-hour shows  because of their marathon set , there 's no time for an opening act  . "  We 've been accused of being under-arranged . We 've also been accused of noodling , " says Lesh . "  We make it different , make it new every night . We never play the same licks or the same fills twice . There is a set list -- more or less -- but Bobby , in particular , likes to stick things in . " iReport.com : Spending time with Bob Weir poolside The upcoming tour will feature mostly "  Grateful Dead classics -- the things people like to hear , " he says , so expect performances of "  Truckin ' , " "  Casey Jones , " perhaps the band 's sole Top 10 hit , "  Touch of Grey , " and maybe even the Holy Grail of Dead jams , "  Dark Star . " Presale tickets go on sale January 13 -- and even though sold-out shows have been a way of life for The Dead , Lesh is n't taking their fan base for granted . "  It 's rough times . Of course it 's an object of concern , " he says . "  All you can do is play the best music you can , and hope people can get out to hear it . " iReport.com : Colorful tie-dyes and painted buses are never out of style All The Dead 's members are in their 60s , with Lesh the elder statesman at 68 . Two years ago , he underwent surgery for prostate cancer . "  I 'm pretty much recovered from that now . I eat right , exercise and work out with weights three days a week , " he says . He listens to jazz and classical music in his free time , and continues working on his side project , Phil Lesh and Friends . Two of his musical "  friends " are his sons , Brian , a student at Princeton , and Grahame , who will be graduating from Stanford this year . Lesh hopes they 'll make a guest appearance when The Dead hits their town -- if it does n't interfere with their finals . iReport.com : Young fan sneaks out for rally show When The Dead announced this tour , Bob Weir released a statement . "  We 've got some unfinished business , " he said . Lesh goes a step further . "  We 've got some unfinished music , " Lesh clarifies . "  We 're all still evolving in our own ways . You can always improve your playing . Let 's see what kind of a goulash we can make out of it . Besides , " he adds , "  I just got two new electric basses . "	The Dead -- surviving members of the Grateful Dead -- will start a tour in April Band did a special concert for Barack Obama last year Phil Lesh on group 's jam influence : "  If we did n't do it , someone else would have " iReport.com : Share photos from your "  Dead Head " days
CNN  -- Three more teenagers admitted Thursday that they took part in bullying a 15-year-old schoolmate who subsequently committed suicide , a Massachusetts prosecutor said . But , as was the case the day before with two other teens involved in the hazing of Phoebe Prince , the more serious charges were dismissed and none of them will serve jail time . Ashley Longe and Flannery Mullins , 18 , and Sharon Velazquez , 17 , admitted to sufficient facts on charges related to the harassment of Prince , who hanged herself in the stairwell of her parents ' apartment in South Hadley on January 14 , 2010 , after weeks of ridicule and teasing at the hands of classmates , prosecutors said . On the day she died , Prince had endured a torrent of verbal abuse that began at the school library that continued as she walked home from school in tears , prosecutors said . Franklin-Hampshire Juvenile Court Judge Daniel Swords accepted admissions from Longe and Velazquez on charges of criminal harrassment , a misdemeanor , and continued their cases without a finding until their next birthdays . Conditions of their probations include prohibitions on contacting the dead girl 's family or profiting from the case , and community service with at-risk or underprivileged youth . Longe was also ordered to work toward completion of her GED . Flannery Mullins , 18 , admitted to sufficient facts on a civil rights misdemeanor charge and disturbance of a school assembly , said prosecution spokeswoman Mary Eliza Carey . The judge accepted her admission in a recommendation that the civil rights charge be continued without a finding until her next birthday . She , too , will have probation until her next birthday and will be required to perform community service . Both Velazquez and Longe were charged with civil rights violation with bodily injury and disturbing a school assembly in addition to the criminal harassment charges . Longe also was charged with assault with a dangerous weapon . Mullins also was charged with criminal harassment and stalking . All of those charges were dismissed . "  The defendants in these five cases have accepted responsibility for their actions and admitted that they engaged in criminal conduct toward Phoebe Prince in the weeks , days and hours before she took her life , " said David Sullivan , district attorney for the Northwestern District , said in a statement . A charge of disturbing a school assembly is to be continued without a finding for three months as long as she has no contact with the victim 's family , does not profit from the case while on probation , performs 100 hours of community service with at-risk or underprivileged youths and works toward obtaining her GED , Carey said . On Wednesday , two other classmates , Sean Mulveyhill and Kayla Narey , entered guilty pleas on criminal harassment charges in Hampshire Superior Court , where the 18-year-olds were charged as adults . They each received one year of probation with stipulations similar to those meted out on Thursday in juvenile court . Narey had also faced charges of civil rights violation resulting in bodily injury and disturbing a school assembly ; Mulveyhill , who had dated Prince , had faced similar charges , plus statutory rape . Those charges were dismissed . A criminal charge against a sixth defendant , 19-year-old Austin Renaud , was dismissed Thursday afternoon at the request of Prince 's family "  and in the interests of justice , " Sullivan said . On the day she died , Prince was loudly berated in the South Hadley High School library . She was taunted again as school let out , and as she walked home crying , one of the students called Prince names and tossed an empty can at her from a car , according to the 38-page court filing . By 4:55 p.m. that day , she had hanged herself . Court documents show that , the day before she died , she told a friend , "  School has been close to intolerable lately . " Prosecutors said Prince , who had moved to Massachusetts from Ireland earlier in the school year , had gone out with boys who also dated two of her alleged tormentors , who in retaliation called her names , including "  whore " and "  Irish slut . " According to prosecutors , the tormenting began when Mulveyhill returned to his former girlfriend , Narey . According to CNN affiliate WWLP , prosecutors said Mulveyhill encouraged Velazquez , Long and Mullins to relentlessly harass Prince . Court documents say Longe threw an energy drink at Prince and screamed at her . Mullins allegedly threatened to beat Prince . In court on Thursday , the assistant district attorney said that Prince had missed classes out of fear that Mullins would harm her . A witness is quoted in a court document as telling investigators , "  She definitely did n't want to fight with the girls in the school . She just wanted to keep to herself and keep things the way they were . She wanted people to stop picking on her , to stop being bullied . She wanted people to leave her alone . She wanted people to stop spreading rumors and stop the girls from talking about her . " Darby O'Brien , a friend of Prince 's family , said Wednesday that students should not have to bear "  all of the weight and all of the blame " for Prince 's death . "  They were kids in high school ; kids do things out of whack , " he said . "  But no one has held the professionals -- from the superintendent to principal on down --  responsible  for what happened as well . " South Hadley Public Schools Superintendent Gus Sayer has defended school administrators ' handling of the matter , saying Prince had not told anyone about her situation . He said school officials began to take action when teachers saw the bullying themselves and heard about it from other students . Sullivan said the prosecution "  signifies that bullying and harassment will not be tolerated in our schools ; and when it rises to the level of criminal conduct , as it did in these five cases , those responsible will be prosecuted . " As a result of this and another case , the Massachusetts Legislature passed a bullying prevention law that requires schools to train staff and devise a system for reporting and responding to complaints of bullying . CNN 's Brian Vitagliano and Chris Boyette contributed to this report .	Five teenagers have now admitted involvement in the bullying case Phoebe Prince , 15 , hanged herself after enduring weeks of ridicule and teasing "  Bullying and harassment will not be tolerated in our schools , " says prosecutor
WIRED  -- Reddit , the community news sharing site , has now joined the billion-page-per-month club , having served up some 1,000,404,480 pages to almost 14 million unique visitors in January , as measured by Google Analytics . That means Reddit , once largely seen as a geekier also-ran to Digg , has now handily surpassed its better-funded rival in traffic . Reddit was started in 2005 by Alexis Ohanian and Steve Huffman as part of the inaugural class of Y-Combinator . Conde Nast purchased the site in October 2006 , putting Reddit under the same corporate master as Wired.com . Reddit , with a staff of about 10 now , has seen an extraordinary rise in traffic -- quadrupling page views since January 2010 . Reddit got a traffic spike of about 30 % in traffic in August/September , due to an influx of Digg users responding to the the spectacular failure of Digg 's redesign , according to Reddit engineer Jeremy Edberg . But much of the growth must be attributed to Reddit 's ability to retain a sense of belonging to a club , even as the site grows and grows . WIRED : Reddit vs. Digg rivalry by the numbers While the front page is still the most popular part of the site , Reddit also has a wide collection of "  sub-reddits " dedicated to particular topics and communities , including the not-to-be missed IAMA . That stands for I Am A , and is a section of the site where people who are something -- from a Comcast technician to an Egyptian arrested in the anti-government protest -- offer to answer questions from curious users . Reddit announced the milestone to its loyal and demanding userbase on Wednesday in a blog post by engineer Mike Schiraldi : "  There are only about 100 sites on the entire Internet that get a billion pageviews in a single month , and now Reddit can put on its smoking jacket and join that exclusive club . "  The New York Times is n't on the membership list , nor is Expedia , Weather.com , about.com , or Fox News . In your face , meteorologists ! "  This is an accomplishment that all Redditors should take pride in , because people would n't keep arriving in droves -- and coming back -- if not for the community that you 've created here . " As a side note , I first wrote about Reddit when they were just finished with Y-Combinator 's summer mentorships , and Ohanian was very excited to tell me the site had more than 600 users . It 's safe to say the site now has plenty more than that , even as Ohanian and Huffman , along with the site 's first employee Chris Slowe are now huddled together working on Hipmunk , a airline ticket search site . Reddit remains in capable hands , and the numerically-limited staff has done amazing work with limited resources scaling the site , even when this reporter , who sits about 15 yards away from their office , shoots foam-tipped darts at their glass door for fun . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	Community news sharing site had almost 14 million unique visitors in January Reddit handily surpassed its better-funded rival , Digg , in traffic Conde Nast purchased the site in October 2006 Reddit has a staff of 10 people
The Senate Intelligence Committee spent five years reading and analyzing more than 6.3 million pages of CIA documents to assess the CIA 's use of "  enhanced interrogation techniques " in the post-9 / 11 era . That review produced a more than 6,000 page review that was condensed into a 525-page summary the committee released Tuesday that delivered a brutal assessment of the CIA 's practices . Here are the report 's biggest conclusions and revelations : 1 . "  Enhanced interrogation " includes torture Sen. Dianne Feinstein writes in the report that the Committee 's findings reveal that "  CIA detainees were tortured . " "  I also believe that the conditions of confinement and the use of authorized and unauthorized interrogation and conditioning techniques were cruel , inhuman , and degrading . I believe the evidence of this is overwhelming and incontrovertible , " she writes . Feinstein is n't alone . President Obama said over the summer that , in the past , "  we tortured some folks . " And Sen. John McCain , who was himself tortured as a POW during Vietnam , said on the Senate floor Tuesday that the harsh interrogations described in the report amount to torture . The CIA has claimed throughout its defense of the program that these coercive interrogations "  saved lives " -- the most significant point the Senate committee refutes in its report . Senate report : CIA misled public on torture 2 . Torture does n't work very well "  The use of the CIA 's enhanced interrogation techniques was not an effective means of obtaining accurate information , " according to the Senate Intelligence Committee report . The report debunks the top 20 examples CIA has used to defend the now-shuttered enhanced interrogation program , claiming that each of the examples "  was found to be wrong in fundamental respects . " Additionally , false confessions obtained by enhanced interrogation techniques from detainees led the CIA to pursue dead leads that did not help in the fight against al-Qaeda . Information the CIA obtained through these harsh interrogations , which in some cases amounted to torture , was either false or had been previously obtained through alternative intelligence gathering , according to the report . "  While being subjected to the CIA 's enhanced interrogation techniques and afterwards , multiple CIA detainees fabricated information , resulting in faulty intelligence , " the report reads . The CIA and other advocates of these enhanced interrogation techniques , including former Vice President Dick Cheney have continued to defend the practices as critical to intelligence gathering efforts in the fight against terrorism . Hagel on torture report release : ` We want to be prepared ' The CIA pushed back against the report in its own assessment on Tuesday , saying information obtained "  substantially advance the Agency 's strategic and tactical understanding of the enemy in ways that continue to inform counterterrorism efforts to this day . " 3 . Torture did not help the CIA find Osama bin Laden The CIA continues to claim that coercive interrogations were crucial to capturing Osama bin-Laden , but the Senate report concludes that the most "  accurate ' CIA information that led to bin Laden 's capture came from a detainee before the detainee was tortured . The CIA claims that information obtained through coercion "  fundamentally " changed the agency 's calculations . The Senate report insists that bin Laden could have been captured without the torture of any detainees . The "  most accurate " CIA intelligence that led to bin Laden 's capture came from Hassan Ghul , who was captured in Iraq in 2004 . While Ghul was later subjected to enhanced interrogations , the Senate report contends that Ghul provided information that led to bin Laden 's courier through traditional interrogation -- before he faced anything resembling torture . 4 . One detainee died , apparently from hypothermia , after being chained , nearly naked , to a concrete floor A glimpse of these techniques details how the CIA employed sleep deprivation to wear down victims : It "  involved keeping detainees awake for up to 180 hours , usually standing or in stress positions , at times with their hands shackled above their heads . " Other techniques included "  rectal rehydration , " "  ice water ` baths , ' " and threatening detainees with threats to harm detainees ' families , including threats to "  sexually abuse the mother of a detainee , " according to the summary of the report . Related : ` This is not America ' Other psychological tactics involved keeping detainees in pitch-black rooms "  with loud noise or music and only a bucket to use for human waste . " And the rooms were cold -- freezing . One detainee , "  who had been held partially nude and chained to a concrete floor " died in Nov. 2002 from suspected hypothermia . CIA detainees who underwent these interrogation tactics were later found to experience "  hallucinations , paranoia , insomnia and attempts at self-harm and self-mutilation . " Medical personnel were sidelined and their concerns quieted when it came to coercive interrogations -- which the report says took precedent . The waterboardings of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed became , according to the report , "  a series of near-drownings . " Mohammed was waterboarded at least 183 times . Related : McCain makes passionate defense for torture report 's release Another detainee , Abu Zubaydah , became unconscious and nearly died while he was waterboarded by CIA personnel . "  In at least one waterboarding session , Abu Zubaydah ` became completely unresponsive , with bubbles rising through his open , full mouth , ' " the committee reports . " -LSB- He -RSB- remained unresponsive until medical intervention , when he regained consciousness and expelled "  copious amounts of liquid . " Videotape of Zubaydah 's two waterboarding sessions during a 21-hour period disappeared from the CIA 's records . 5 . The CIA misled the White House , Congress , and other agencies President George W. Bush was not briefed on "  the specific CIA enhanced interrogation techniques before April 2006 , " according to CIA records cited in the Senate report . That means it took four years from the time the program began until the President of the United States had a full accounting of CIA interrogations . But by that time , 38 of the 39 detainees who faced the CIA 's coercive interrogations had already been in custody and interrogated using those procedures . But a lack of CIA records means that more detainees may have also been tortured . The Senate report also concludes that the CIA "  provided extensive amounts of inaccurate and incomplete information " to the White House and top national security staff . " The DOJ legal memo that justifies the use of enhanced interrogation techniques , according to the report , is based on evidence the report says is false . CIA officials overplayed or entirely misstated the success of the enhanced interrogation program when briefing White House officials , according to the Senate report . They told White House officials "  that the CIA 's enhanced interrogation techniques were uniquely effective and necessary to produce otherwise unavailable intelligence that the U.S. government could not obtain from other sources , " the Senate report attests . 6 . There was little oversight of junior officers placed in charge of prisons Junior officers were tasked with oversight of detention facilities and untrained CIA officers interrogated detainees unsupervised . At the CIA detention facility referred to as COBALT in the report , a "  junior officer on his first overseas assignment with no previous experience or training in handling prisoners " was placed in charge . During his tenure , a detainee died of suspected hypothermia in 2002 . CIA leadership attested in 2003 that they had "  little or no awareness of operations at COBALT " and in fact some did not know enhanced interrogation was underway at the facility . Kerry call to Feinstein exposed Obama administration torture rift And the report also concludes that at least 17 detainees faced enhanced interrogations without a green light from CIA headquarters . Other techniques used , including "  abdominal slaps and cold water dousing , " were never approved by the Justice Department . At least two mock executions were carried out at COBALT without knowledge or approval from CIA headquarters . 7 . 9/11 mastermind "  beat " waterboarding Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the mastermind behind the 9/11 terror attacks , was waterboarded at least 183 times . The CIA said the method was effective in helping CIA interrogators pull information from Mohammed , but CIA interrogators painted a different picture in interview with the CIA 's inspector general , according to the Senate report . CIA interrogators and medical personnel said Mohammed "  hated it but knew he could manage , " and "  figured out a way to deal with -LSB- the waterboard -RSB- . " Mohammed "  beat the system " and one of his CIA interrogators attested that the suspected terrorist responded better to non-confrontational approaches . Like others who were tortured , Mohammed often recanted information he told CIA officers to get them to stop the waterboarding . One of those fabrications included an assassination plot against former President Jimmy Carter , which CIA officials described as an "  elaborate tale . " 8 . Two government psychologists started a company that banked $ 81 million on interrogations Two psychologists who helped develop the CIA 's enhanced interrogation procedures founded a company in 2005 to help run the CIA 's interrogations program . Between 2005 and 2009 , the company pulled about $ 81 million from the government . The psychologists were previously involved in the Air Force 's "  Survival , Evasion , Resistance and Escape school " and neither had "  specialized knowledge of al-Qa ` ida , a background in counterterrorism , or any relevant cultural or linguistic expertise , " according to the Senate committee 's report . And before founding the company , one of the psychologists recommended the use of coercive interrogation in the case of Gul Rahman , days before Rahman was found dead of suspected hypothermia in 2002 .	CIA detainees were tortured , but those enhanced interrogations did n't yield actionable intelligence , the report concludes The report also claims coercive interrogations did not lead to the capture of Osama bin Laden Grisly details of torture emerge in the report , including one who died after being chained , partially naked to a concrete floor The CIA misled the White House , Congress and other agencies to maintain a program that had little oversight
CNN  -- Opposition groups in Cameroon are planning "  Egypt-like " protests Wednesday to call for the president 's ouster after almost three decades in power . President Paul Biya is running for re-election later this year . "  People yearn to see a change in government . He 's been in place for 28 years , " said Kah Walla , 45 , an opposition member who is also running for president . Walla , one of the main organizers , said protests are planned in Douala and the capital , Yaounde . "  Our main reason is to ask for free and fair elections , " she said . "  We also have other demands ... Cameroon has a lot of resources yet our people are living in poverty . " A spokesman for the prime minister was not available for comment and a man who answered the phone at the president 's office declined to comment . Walla said the nation has been inspired by the recent uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt that led to the ouster of their longtime rulers . The protests have ignited a chain reaction that has spread to other countries , including Libya and Yemen . "  We want to take charge of our destiny like the people in Egypt and Tunisia did , " Walla said . The U.S. Embassy in the Cameroon capital urged its citizens to be careful . "  As always , U.S. citizens should avoid all demonstrations , as even peaceful ones can quickly become unruly and a foreign national could stand out and become a target of harassment or worse , " the embassy said in a statement Wednesday . In 2008 , protesters took to the streets on the same day to protest food prices . Walla said they chose the date because it is "  symbolic of the ongoing fight " in the west African nation .	The protests are planned for Wednesday "  People yearn to see a change in government , " organizer says Protests are planned in Douala and the capital , Yaounde
