UEFA will not recognize any Russian soccer matches involving teams from the disputed region of Crimea . The move was announced by European soccer 's governing body after the Football Federation of Ukraine  FFU  appealed to UEFA and FIFA for their Russian counterparts to be sanctioned over "  illegally and arbitrarily " taking three of its teams . "  The UEFA Emergency Panel has today decided that any football matches played by Crimean clubs in the context of competitions organized by the Russian Football Union  RFS  will not be recognized by UEFA until further notice , " read a statement released Friday . "  In order for football to take place within an organized sporting and legal framework , such participation has to comply with the terms set out in the UEFA Statutes . " Annexation The status of the three Ukrainian clubs -- Tavriya Simferopol , FC Sevastopol and a lower league team from Yalta -- was thrown into doubt in March when Russia invaded and annexed the region of Crimea , which lies on a Black Sea peninsular in the south east of Ukraine . SC Tavriya and FC Sevastopol both played in the Ukrainian Premier League last season and were allowed to continue until its conclusion . Their home games were hosted outside of Crimea due to security concerns . But when the season finished the three clubs were dissolved . Two were given new names -- TSK Simferopol , SKChF Sevastopol and Zhemchuzhina Yalta -- and entered in to Russian competition by the Russian Football Union , sparking protests from Ukraine . UEFA 's statutes does outlaw "  combinations and alliances " of clubs from different associations but FIFA would only allow any such move if both the Russians and Ukrainians agreed to it . "  Our strong position is that Ukrainian teams have to be in Ukrainian competition and there is no right for them to take part in Russia , " said Anatoliy Konkov , a former USSR national team who is now the president of the FFU , in an interview with the New York Times . "  The clubs are still Ukrainian . Nobody gave them to Russia , " he added before explaining that the FFU had given no such permission for the move to take place . " Fall out The geopolitical fall out from both the conflict in Ukraine and the MH17 plane disaster had already begun to engulf soccer . Several politicians , including British deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg , had called on Russia to be stripped of the right to host the 2018 World Cup finals over its alleged role in supplying and arming the Russian speaking insurgents currently fighting government forces in the east of Ukraine . Crimea was also raised when FIFA president Sepp Blatter met Russian president Vladimir Putin last weekend to discuss preparations for the 2018 finals . "  FIFA President Blatter also reiterated that FIFA will handle the ongoing matter concerning Crimean football clubs based on the relevant processes that should be overseen by the respective confederation  UEFA  in the first instance , " FIFA said in a statement . Russian fears Leading figures in Russian soccer had allegedly voiced fears that the annexation of Crimea 's teams could lead to just such a political fallout . Last week Russian investigative magazine Novaya Gazeta published a transcript of a leaked recording from a meeting between top Russian soccer executives . The transcript of the meeting , which took place in July and lead to the vote which admitted the three Crimean teams into the Russian third division , appears to show discussions revealing how the vote may impact on Russian clubs playing in the UEFA Champions League . Others raise fears that the vote might even harm Russia 's hosting of the 2018 World Cup finals . "  I have a club to support , " Evgeny Giner , the president of CSKA Moscow , is alleged to have said . "  And tomorrow they 'll pull us from 2018 . " Forced hand The objections of the Ukrainian federation has forced UEFA to make the temporary sanction against Russia whilst working out what to do next . In the statement UEFA , rather hopefully , believes the two sides can come to an agreement on the status of Crimea 's soccer clubs . "  The UEFA Emergency Panel has also requested that the UEFA administration , together with FIFA , facilitate discussions with the representatives of the RFS and the Football Federation of Ukraine  FFU  in order to find a common solution to this situation , " concluded UEFA 's statement . But any agreement would likely be seen as a huge PR coup for Russia 's annexation of Crimea , and appear highly unlikely . Both the Football Federation of Ukraine and the Russian Football Union have not replied to a request for comment by the time of publication .	UEFA will not recognize matches involving Crimean teams Three clubs played in Ukraine last season Crimea annexed by Russia in March Three teams had been entered into Russian competition
In Germany , high tech has come to airport parking . Last week , Düsseldorf airport  DUS  introduced robot valets to take the hassle out of parking for travelers . SEE ALSO : 13 Robots Who Do n't Know How to Robot Travelers can leave their cars at the arrival level of the ParkingPLUS structure . As they leave , they confirm on a touch-screen that no one is in the car . The robot valet , nicknamed "  Ray , " takes it from there . The robot measures the vehicle , picks it up with a forklift-like system , and takes it to the back area , where it will position it in one of the 249 parking spots reserved for automated valets . The machine is capable of carrying standard cars weighing up to 3.31 tons . The robot valet is even connected to the airport 's flight data system , and by checking customer trip data with the database , Ray knows when the customer will return for the vehicle . A traveler can note any itinerary changes in a parking app , which is available for iOS and Android . Düsseldorf 's airport is relatively small , and officials touted the convenience of heading to the terminal from the parking structure entrance . Ray "  makes the distances between planes and passengers ' vehicles even shorter , " according to a statement from the airport . "  Our product is especially appealing to business travelers , who arrive at the airport shortly before the flight , seek efficient parking , and return within a few days , " said Thomas Schnalke , the airport 's managing director . The introductory rate for robot valet parking at Düsseldorf is 29 euros  $ 39.59  per day or 4 euros  $ 5.46  per hour . Although the airport is targeting business travelers in a hurry , the service is open to anyone . If airport customers use the robot valet , airport officials said they would consider expanding the system . Ray was produced by Serva Transport in the Bavarian town of Grabenstätt . Serva previewed the robot valet in 2013 ; Düsseldorf is the first installation of the system .	A German airport has introduced robot valets Dusseldorf , "  Ray " uses a forklift system to move cars Robot wired to flight system knows when traveler will return The service costs about $ 40 per day
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's Neverland Ranch could be put up for sale , according to the investment company that owns a controlling interest in the estate . The 2,700-acre property , nestled in the rolling hills and cattle ranches of Santa Barbara County , California , was Jackson 's refuge from the world from 1988 until he essentially abandoned it after he was acquitted on child molestation charges in 2005 . The zoo and amusement park rides , including a Ferris wheel and a railroad , are long gone , but Neverland remains an important pilgrimage for die hard Jackson fans from around the world . A constant flow of flowers , cards and gifts are left at the closed gate . Tom Barrack 's Colony Capital got a major stake in property when it bailed Jackson out of financial trouble in 2008 , a year before the singer died while preparing for a comeback concert tour . Barrack "  is considering " selling he rural property , which is surrounded by rolling hills and cattle ranches , but it has not yet been listed for sale , according to Owen Blicksilver , the spokesman for Colony Capital . A video tour inside Neverland Jackson 's estate still owns a minority interest in Neverland , but there is no indication from its executors that they are considering buying out Colony Capital 's stake to preserve it . "  We are saddened at the prospect of the sale of Neverland which , under the agreement negotiated during Michael 's lifetime , Colony has the right to sell , " the Jackson estate said in a written statement Thursday . The estate 's statement said it would "  maintain Michael 's family home in Encino , including its iconic recording studio there , " as part of his legacy . It also pointed to other legacy projects such as Cirque du Soleil 's Michael Jackson ONE show in Las Vegas . "  We hope and trust that any new owners of Neverland will respect the historical importance and special nature of this wonderful property , " the Jackson estate said.Â "  Michael 's memory lives on in the hearts of his fans worldwide . " Jane Fonda : Jackson bought Neverland after visiting my ranch While Jackson vowed in his last years to never return to Neverland , some of his family members pushed for his burial there after his sudden death on June 25 , 2009 . He was finally entombed at Forest Lawn in Glendale , California . Jackson was close to losing the land in 2008 when Barrack agreed to put up a reported $ 35 million to pay the mortgage and help fund the entertainer 's lifestyle . The deal gave Barrack 's Colony Capital control of the property . Jackson 's death from an overdose of a surgical anesthetic came during preparations for his "  This Is It " tour set to debut in London in July , which Jackson hoped would revive his performance career and restore is wealth . Colony Capital has paid the salaries of the small staff that maintains Neverland , including the security needed to keep the curious out . What could become of Neverland with a new owner ? The area is home to a lot of grazing cattle , although a few miles away several hotels and restaurants thrive in the Danish-themed tourist village Solvang . A California state legislator proposed in 2010 that the California Department of Parks and Recreation should consider acquiring Neverland as a state park . The proposal was never pursued .	Company controlling Neverland "  is considering " putting the estate up for sale Colony Capital got a major stake when it bailed Jackson out of financial trouble in 2008 Jackson abandoned the property after his 2005 acquittal on child molestation charges Jackson executors : "  We are saddened at the prospect of the sale of Neverland "
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Chilean officials said Thursday the first test of a rescue capsule designed to rescue 33 trapped miners was carried out successfully . "  We did a test with a capsule in a tube 12 meters long , " said engineer Rene Aguilar . "  We were trying to see how the capsule functions in the tube -- the wheels , the springs -- and that works perfect . " Once one of the three drills working to reach the trapped miners breaks through , a rescue capsule will be lowered at least 600 meters  1,968 feet  to begin ferrying the men to the surface . Before the capsule goes down , though , officials said , metal casing or tubes would have to be lowered into the hole to provide a buffer between the capsule and rock . "  We will need to build a platform and bring heavy winches that can lift 400 tons , " Aguilar said , "  You can imagine how big they are , we will need to position them . The casing could take take 48 hours to implement . " Interior Ministry adviser Cristian Barra said that by October 8 , all the personnel and equipment rescuers need -- including two additional rescue capsules and a field hospital to immediately treat the miners -- will be on site . Officials said the tentative date they are setting for the rescue is the beginning of November but that they will be ready for a potential rescue as early as the end of next week . The Plan B drill continued to lead the efforts to free the men , reaching a depth of 333 meters  1,092 feet  on Thursday , the government 's rescue coordinator Andre Sougarret said . The drill was taken offline for about six hours after it lost pressure while hammering at the tough Chilean rock , officials said . On Tuesday the Plan B drill passed the halfway point to the miners , spurring a celebration in Camp Hope , the makeshift tent village where many of the miners ' family members anxiously wait . The Plan A drill -- a mining drill -- reached 148 meters  486 feet  , but the hole it was drilling would still need to be widened to 70 centimeters  27.5 inches  to accommodate the rescue capsule . The Plan C drill -- an enormous oil drilling platform that dominates the rescue site -- had reached 156 meters  512 feet  , Sougarret said . Sougarret said that officials were working with physicians and psychologists to determine the order in which miners would be pulled from the mine , but said no decision had been made . Meanwhile , the miners continued to aid with their own rescue by clearing rock that had fallen into the mine as a result of the drilling . The miners used front-loader machines that were not damaged in the collapse to clear the rubble . Officials said the miners were clearing about eight tons of rock every 12 hours to keep the mine shaft clear . Officials had no comment on a lawsuit filed Thursday by some of the miners ' family members against the San Esteban Mining Co. , which owns the mine , and the government for negligence . An attorney for 27 of the miners families filed the lawsuit , which seeks $ 12 million  U.S.  from the mine and government for harm inflicted on the men . Chilean government officials has criticized the mine for not having the right safety measures in place . Chilean President Sebastián Piñera dismissed several officials in charge of mine safety after the cave-in . "  Everyone who is here recognizes and appreciates the work being done by the rescue workers , " said lawyer Edgardo Reinoso . "  This has nothing to do with one government or another but we have to ask why are these miners at the bottom of a mine ? " The mining company did not return calls seeking comment . San Esteban is undergoing bankruptcy proceedings and its assets are being sought by creditors . Government officials have also said the company will bear the cost of the army of rescue workers and drilling teams being flown in from around the world . At Camp Hope , several relatives said they had not participated in the action and the lawsuit was of of little interest to them . Said family member Maria Segovia : "  I just want to get my brother out . " CNN Chile 's Viviana Encina and John Castillo contributed to this report .	"  We did a test with a capsule in a tube 12 meters long , " engineer says Rene Aguilar : "  We were trying to see how the capsule functions in the tube " Metal casing would have to be lowered into the hole before rescue attempt Officials : Tentative date for bringing up miners is early November
CNN  The first daughter to be married from the hit reality show "  19 Kids and Counting " has also become the first mother . People magazine reports that Jill  Duggar  Dillard gave birth Monday to a 9-pound , 10-ounce son she and husband Derick have named Israel David . Jill 's parents , Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar , posted a video of the new family on their official Facebook page . The baby was a bit tardy , going past his due date by more than a week . Dillard , who is a student midwife , said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait . "  I have told myself , ` First-time moms often go a week and a half over , so do n't get discouraged , ' " she told People . "  When everyone else is asking you , ` When are you going to have that baby ? ' The baby will come when the baby comes . " Dillard has a ways to go to catch up with her mother . Her super-sized family and their lives have been well-documented on their TLC series , including Jill and Derick 's wedding on June 21 . Eldest Duggar son Josh is already the father of three children , and his wife , Anna , is expecting their fourth in July .	Dillard was the first of the Duggar daughters to be married Her 9-pound , 10-ounce son was overdue
CNN  -- France and Britain plan to abstain from a Security Council vote on the Palestinians ' bid for statehood , two U.N. diplomats said Thursday . France told members of the U.N. Security Council about its intentions at a Thursday afternoon meeting of the admissions committee for new U.N. membership , a Security Council diplomat told CNN . Another U.N. diplomat told CNN that Britain will also abstain , with one of its representatives likewise announcing its intentions at the same closed-door meeting . The U.N. Security Council is set to meet November 11 to discuss a report about whether or not to admit a Palestinian state as a member of the international organization . The membership bid has been controversial , with Israel among those opposed . Diplomats have said it appears unlikely the Palestinians will succeed in their bid , given that the United States -- one of five permanent security council members -- has warned it will veto the attempt . However , a veto may not be necessary if a minimum of nine nations -- out of 15 on the U.N. council -- do n't support the Palestinians ' bid .	France tells U.N. members about its plans at a Thursday meeting , a diplomat says Another diplomat says that Britain similarly announced its intentions Palestinians have applied to become a U.N. member state , despite Israeli opposition
CNN  -- When the public thinks about suicide , they tend to see it as something that typically affects adolescents and people in later life . But alarmingly , more middle-aged Americans are dying by suicide . A new report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention shows a nearly 30 % increase in the suicide rate among adults 35 to 64 , with the most significant increase in those 50 and older . Why the suicide rate is climbing in this age group is a question without a simple answer . There are many risk factors , including high unemployment rates and a weak economy that has been pervasive at all levels of our society ; the widespread abuse of prescription pain medication ; the problems experienced by aging veterans of the Vietnam War or the Gulf War ; the difficulty in convincing men , in particular , to seek help for physical and mental illnesses ; and the realities of the baby boomer generation , a group that has experienced unusually high levels of addiction , suicide attempts and mental illness as young adults . The CDC report makes it clear that we must continue to fund scientific research exploring the causes of suicide . It confirms the need to use evidence-based knowledge to expand our research and prevention efforts , in particular , to underserved populations . Suicide prevention programs have typically focused on youth , young adults and the elderly . Now we know we need to do more for those in middle age . Fortunately , there are measures we can take to prevent suicide . We know that the majority of people who die by suicide have an underlying and often undiagnosed mental illness such as depression or bipolar disorder . Are we doing enough to reduce the stigma associated with talking about , and seeking treatment for , mental health conditions ? President Barack Obama has recently called on the nation to expand efforts to address mental health problems and to eliminate the stigma associated with seeking treatment . He is right . We know , too , that there can be warning signs before a suicide attempt . Are we educating health care professionals , teachers , social workers and family members to recognize the signs of serious depression , such as expressions of pessimism and hopelessness , a low mood that does not change , sleeping problems and withdrawal from typical activities ? We understand that suicide can be an impulsive act and that alcoholism , substance abuse and access to lethal means can increase its likelihood . Are we doing enough to train physicians to recognize the signs of addiction ? Are we training emergency room doctors to ask about access to firearms and drugs ? Are we educating family members about how to provide safe and supportive environments for those with a mental illness ? Finally , are we talking openly about the reality of living with mental illness and sharing treatment options and approaches that may help those with disorders live productive and fulfilling lives ? Are we moving to a place where we can be as comfortable discussing mental illness and its treatment as we are in discussing blood sugar levels related to diabetes or the cholesterol drugs for heart disease ? A world in which mental illness can be addressed openly without embarrassment or fear of discrimination is not beyond reach . If we pay for the research that can uncover the mysteries of the brain , strive to understand what helps prevent suicide in diverse populations and are committed to helping those at risk receive the treatment they need , we can prevent the losses -- one life at a time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Gebbia .	A new report shows a 30 % increase in the suicide rate among middle-aged Americans Robert Gebbia : There is no simple answer , but factors include joblessness , depression He says many people who die by suicide often have undiagnosed mental illness Gebbia : We must continue to pay for scientific research exploring the causes of suicide
CNN  The sun had n't risen at Garissa University College . Most students slept in their beds . A few had woken up to head to early morning Christian prayers . Then the terror began . It started with an explosion and gunshots around 5:30 a.m. Thursday  10:30 p.m. ET Wednesday  at the Kenyan school 's front gates . The attackers continued to fire as they stalked through campus , with the Red Cross saying they stopped at a girls ' dormitory . At one point , they burst into a room where Christians had gathered and took hostages , said lecturer Joel Ayora . A student in the room told Alex Kubasu , a reporter with CNN affiliate Citizen TV , that the terrorists sprayed bullets indiscriminately , striking his thigh . "  Then they proceeded to the hostels , " Ayora told CNN , referring to the university dorm , "  shooting anybody they came across -- except their fellows , the Muslims . " According to AFP , the gunmen separated the students by religion and allowed Muslims to leave . This would be consistent with the past practices of Al-Shabaab , the Somalia-based terror group that 's claimed responsibility for the attack . That 's what Al-Shabaab did in a December raid on a quarry in the Kenyan village of Kormey , near the Somali border , that ended with at least 36 killed . Whatever their religion , hundreds of students managed to escape , said Dennis Okari , a reporter with CNN affiliate NTV . Some ran . Some crawled . All feared for their lives . And they were the lucky ones . It was n't until about 15 hours after the attack began that the explosions and gunfire around Garissa finally ended . Interior Ministry Secretary Joseph Nkaissery announced that four terrorists were killed and the operation had ended "  successfully . " By then , 147 people were dead and plans were "  underway to evacuate students and other affected persons , " the Kenya National Disaster Operation Centre tweeted . "  It is a very sad day for Kenya , " Nkaissery said . Some of those students , at one point or another , were believed to be hostages in one of the four dormitories on campus . Yet others like Ayora managed to find safety , in his case at the staff residence . Others escaped the college 's grounds . Okari , for instance , told CNN that he saw about 200 people sitting in the scorching mid-90-degree heat Thursday in a corner of a Garissa airstrip , surrounded by military officials . One student , Japhet Mwala , recalled to AFP how "  everyone started running " after hearing blasts and gunshots . "  There were those who were not able to leave the hostels where the gunmen headed and started firing , " Mwala said . "  I am lucky to be alive , because I jumped through the fence with other students . " Rosalind Mugambi fled into a nearby field with "  bullets following us . " She escaped unscathed , but a few of her friends did not . "  We saw some bloodstains , " Mugambi told AFP , "  and they were shot . " Such terrorism , sadly , is n't new to the people of eastern Kenya . And that 's largely thanks to Al-Shabaab . While it is based in Somalia , the militant group has made bloody incursions into neighboring Kenya -- most notoriously a 2013 siege of Nairobi 's upscale Westgate Mall that left at least 67 dead . A primary aim of such attacks is thought to be sowing terror . There 's also a religious undercurrent , given Al-Shabaab 's once and possibly future goal of creating a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Needless to say , that aim is n't shared in most places -- particularly in Kenya , where more than 80 % of citizens are Christian . Such violence is more likely in towns like Garissa , given its location 90 miles west of the Somali border . What makes Thursday 's attack different is what was targeted -- an institute of higher learning , presumably filled with innocent students with no direct part in the Kenyan and allied governments ' fight against Al-Shabaab . Such an attack is more reminiscent of what other Islamist extremist groups , the Pakistani Taliban and Boko Haram , did in respectively attacking a school in Peshawar , Pakistan , and kidnapping more than 200 girls at a school in Chibok , Nigeria . Garissa University College began in the 1990s as Garissa Teacher Training College before evolving , by government decree , into its current form as a degree-granting institution in 2011 . As of this spring , the school had schools of education , information science , and arts and social sciences . And it was growing , with its staff of 75 set to expand to 200 by year 's end , according to the college 's website . It 's too early to tell what the future now holds for Garissa University College . But Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta on Thursday urged people around the African nation "  to stay calm as we resolve this matter . " "  This is a moment , " Kenyatta said , "  for everyone throughout the country to be vigilant as we continue to confront and defeat our enemies . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	Kenyan agency : 147 dead , plans underway to evacuate students and others Garissa University College students wake to explosions and gunfire Reports : Gunmen storm the Kenyan school , attacking Christians and letting Muslims go
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A stampede at a hilltop temple in western India killed more than 147 people and wounded 55 others who had gathered to celebrate the start of a religious holiday on Tuesday , police said . Victims of the stampede near an Indian Hindu temple are carried away from the scene . More than 25,000 devotees were trying to reach the 15th-century temple through a steep and narrow pathway when the stampede occurred about dawn Tuesday , officials said . The Chamunda Devi temple is inside a fort atop a hill in Jodhpur , the second-largest city and a popular tourist destination in the Indian state of Rajasthan . Authorities do not know what prompted the rush , but state Police Chief K.S. Bains rejected as "  baseless " reports that it was triggered by rumors of a bomb . "  But one thing is clear : that a cascading effect did take place as it was a slope where it happened , " he said . Watch as stampede mars religious holiday " India has been on edge in recent days after a string of deadly bombings across the country . The crowd had gathered to celebrate the start of Navaratri , or nine nights . For nine nights and 10 days , Hindus worship the various forms of a Hindu goddess . Rajasthan Home Minister Gulab Chand Kataria said police had planned for the event and deployed "  enough " officers for crowd control . But the massive numbers overwhelmed them . After the stampede , devotees -- some in blood-soaked shirts -- carried the limp bodies of victims on to police vehicles while emergency officials frantically tried to tend to the wounded . Temple stampedes are not uncommon in India during religious festivals . Last month , more than 130 people were killed when panicked worshippers tried to flee a crowded mountaintop Hindu temple in northern India . That stampede , which occurred on the second day of a nine-day religious festival at the Naina Devi Temple in Himachal Pradesh state , apparently was triggered by a false rumor of a landslide on the hill above the crowd . And in January 2005 , more than 250 people were trampled to death during a pilgrimage in the western state of Maharashtra . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	At least 147 people killed , 55 injured in India temple stampede Official : Stampede took place on temple pathway in Rajasthan state Not immediately clear what had sparked the stampede Incident follows another stampede that occurred in August , killing 130 people
CNN  -- Six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach , North Carolina , attended the University of South Carolina , a university official said Sunday . "  This is a very sad day for the University of South Carolina family , " Dennis A. Pruitt , the vice president for student affairs , told reporters . The seventh fatality is believed to be a Clemson University student , he said . The six survivors -- who were treated and released from Brunswick Community Hospital -- are also USC students , he said . Pruitt said the bodies were being sent to Chapel Hill , North Carolina , for identification . Watch home video showing the house in flames " "  It is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , " Pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend . Newspaper deliveryman Tim Burns was aghast when he first saw the inferno early Sunday morning . He tried to approach the door but the flames were too intense , he told the Associated Press . "  When I was going up to the entryway , you could hear the windows above me explode , " Burns said . "  When I knew the flames had taken over , I do n't think I 've ever felt as helpless in my life . " The USC students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority and the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity , Pruitt said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function . "  It just so happens , as on many university campuses , that certain sororities and certain fraternities hang around together , " he said . One person described as "  unaccounted for " was later confirmed dead , Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith told CNN . "  We suffered a terrible tragedy at Ocean Isle this morning , " Smith said in a news conference . "  Nothing like this has ever happened at Ocean Isle Beach , and we hope it never will again . " She said officials had not yet contacted all the victims ' families , and that they were not yet releasing their names . The mayor said one of the 13 people in the house was related to the house 's owner . Smith said the house was fully "  engulfed " in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after the fire department was notified . She said the house had working smoke detectors , AP reported . Officials are investigating the cause of the fire , Smith said . "  We ran down the street to get away , " Nick Cain told the AP . The University of North Carolina student was staying at a house about 100 feet away . Some of his friends had met several people staying at the house that burned down . "  The ash and the smoke were coming down on us . We were just trying to get away , " Cain told the AP . Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along the southern coast of North Carolina . The 7-mile-long island 's year-round population is about 425 , while the summer season population is about 25,000 , according to the town 's Web site . E-mail to a friend	Six of seven dead in fire were University of South Carolina students Official : Six treated at hospital and released were also USC students Mayor Debbie Smith said one of 13 at house is related to owner of house Victims ' names not being released until families are notified
CNN  -- Three protesters scaled the Golden Gate Bridge Monday and unfurled a "  Free Tibet " banner , a likely precursor to large protests when the Olympic torch arrives Wednesday in San Francisco , California . Members of Students for a Free Tibet climbed the bridge to place these banners , said the group 's spokesman . The banner read , "  One World . One Dream . Free Tibet . " Those who climbed cables from which the bridge is suspended are members of Students for a Free Tibet , said group spokesman Tenzin Dasang . The three were arrested along with four others at the site . All seven were charged with felony conspiracy and misdemeanor nuisance , said California Highway Patrol Officer Mary Ziegenbein . The climbers also were charged with misdemeanor trespassing . Watch protesters and banner hung from bridge " The incident forced the closure of one northbound lane of the bridge . The climbers -- who were on the bridge for about three hours -- came down voluntarily about 1:15 p.m.  4:15 p.m. ET  after workers with the Golden Gate Bridge District began cutting down their banner , Ziegenbein said . Dasang said he has heard of many people planning to protest in San Francisco against China 's human rights record . "  We want it to be peaceful . But it will be large , " said Dasang , 22 , during a phone interview in which he said he was near the bridge . "  I heard from Tibetans that now live all over the U.S. and even abroad who are coming here . " The Olympic flame is on a 130-day journey that will take it through 23 cities on five continents and then throughout China , culminating at the Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing August 8 . The San Francisco protest comes the same day as a demonstration in Paris , France , disrupted the torch relay many times . In Paris , police had to cut the Olympic torch relay short Monday amid protests against China 's human rights record , French police said . The torch was scheduled to travel 17 miles , past Paris City Hall , but that stop and others were called off after the protests . The torch made it through about 10 miles of its scheduled journey . It was then driven by bus to its final destination , where it was displayed again during a public ceremony at a stadium . Authorities had to play hide-and-seek with the Olympic torch during much of the route , placing it on a bus at least twice during a sometimes chaotic relay route . China has come under international criticism because of its crackdown last month on protesters calling for democratic freedoms and self-rule in Tibet and neighboring Chinese provinces . Protesters have said more than 100 people have died in the crackdown , but Beijing denies that and has accused supporters of the Dalai Lama of orchestrating the violence . U.S. and other Western leaders have called on China to provide civil rights and freedoms to those in Tibet and to enter peaceful discussions aimed at resolving the crisis . E-mail to a friend	Protesters arrested after hanging "  Free Tibet " banner from bridge The climbers come down voluntarily after three hours Earlier in day , protests in Paris , France , cut short Olympic torch relay China faces international criticism over crackdown on protests seeking Tibet self-rule
Whether you want a cosmopolitan city , a central spot from which to explore nature or a hidden gem not yet discovered by great hordes of tourists , Lonely Planet 's top 10 cities for 2015 has a spot for you . Lonely Planet 's 10 picks include well-known favorites with something extra to share , smaller cities known only to locals and a select few tourists and cities you simply must visit . To compile the annual top 10 list , Lonely Planet asked its worldwide staff , contributors and authors for their well-known and lesser-known recommendations , and spots that have something special to offer in 2015 . The top spots in Europe It must be worthy of the traveler planning his or her special vacation for the following year , says Tom Hall , Lonely Planet 's digital editorial director . "  It 's the one time each year that Lonely Planet applies its collective brainpower to pick recommendations and rank their recommendations , " Hall says . "  I 'm excited by this year 's list of cities . There 's a good mix of obvious places to visit and less-obvious ones . " Click through the gallery to see which city took the top spot , and which made the rest of the Top 10 list .	Lonely Planet picks its top 10 cities for 2015 One country 's capital city took the top spot Hidden gems are also tucked into the list
CNN  -- The Muslim cleric who once described Britain as a toilet has launched an appeal to avoid extradition to the United States on terrorism charges , a representative for the High Court in London said . The representative would not give more details of the appeal or the grounds for it , or talk about other suspects included in the appeal . Abu Hamza al-Masri faces a potential life sentence in America after nearly a decade of legal battles . He was convicted in a British court and jailed in 2006 for a variety of terror-related crimes . Al-Masri was born in Egypt in 1958 and gained citizenship in Britain through marriage in the 1980s . He once worked as a London nightclub bouncer . He has a hook for a hand and only one eye , the result of fighting against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan . In 1997 , he became the imam of a north London mosque , where his hate-filled speeches attacking the West began to attract national attention . His followers included Richard Reid , the so-called shoe bomber , who attempted to blow up a Miami-bound passenger airplane three months after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Al-Masri has called the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center "  a towering day in history " and described former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden as "  a good guy and a hero . " He also described the Columbia space shuttle disaster as "  punishment from Allah " because the astronauts were Christian , Hindu and Jewish . The shuttle disintegrated on re-entry to Earth in February 2003 , killing all seven people aboard .	Abu Hamza al-Masri 's hate-filled speeches at a London mosque inspired followers of al Qaeda Al-Masri was convicted on various terror related crimes in 2006 in Britain He 's fighting extradition from England to the U.S. , where he is facing a possible life sentence
New documents show appointees of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie tried to stem other officials ' anger and stonewall media queries about a hastily crafted plan to close access lanes to the George Washington Bridge , closures that wreaked traffic havoc on the New Jersey side of the nation 's busiest bridge . In a terse e-mail , the executive director of the New York and New Jersey Port Authority expressed anger for not being told about the lane closures in New Jersey that led into the George Washington Bridge . He used his authority to override the decision four days after traffic logjams crippled commutes . He also expressed concern the lane closures may have resulted in critically slow emergency response time and may have violated the law . "  Reversing over 25 years of PA  Port Authority  GWB  George Washington Bridge  operations , the three lanes in Fort Lee eastbound to the GWB were reduced to one lane on Monday of this week without notifying Fort Lee , the commuting public we serve , " wrote Patrick Foye , the executive director , on September 13 to other Port Authority officials . "  I am appalled by the lack of process , failure to inform our customers and Fort Lee and most of all by the dangers created to the public interest . " In his e-mail , which was sent to a number of high ranking officials on the Port Authority , Foye said , "  I pray that no life has been lost or trip of a hospital - or hospice-bound patient delayed . " He also wrote that he believes the "  hasty and ill-advised decision violates federal law and the laws of both states . " "  I will get to the bottom of this abusive decision which violated everything this agency stands for , " he wrote . Read the documents The revelations are part of more than 2,000 pages of documents released late Friday by a New Jersey State Assembly committee as part of its investigation of top Christie advisers , who are accused of closing down access lanes to the country 's busiest bridge as an act of political retribution against Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich . The documents also show that Christie spokesman Michael Drewniak had dinner with David Wildstein , then-director of interstate capital projects for the Port Authority , two days before the transportation official resigned in December over questions around the now-notorious multiday traffic jam in Fort Lee . Wildstein thanked Drewniak for his "  sound advice " and the two men later e-mailed back and forth about how to announce his departure from the Port Authority . In one e-mail , Drewniak said the governor approved the final statement . Foye was enraged by the decision to close the lanes and his e-mail resulted in many e-mails back and forth between Port Authority officials . Bill Baroni , a Christie-appointed Port Authority official who resigned in December over the controversy , replied to Foye , saying he was "  on way to office to discuss " and that there "  can be no public discourse " on the controversy . In response , Foye tersely wrote , "  Bill that 's precisely the problem : there has been no public discourse on this . " After the Foye e-mail was leaked to the Wall Street Journal in September , David Samson , the Christie-appointed chairman of the authority , wrote to another official on September 17 , "  I am told the ED  executive director  leaked to the WSJ his story about Fort Lee issues -- very unfortunate for NY/NJ relations . " Samson , in an e-mail on September 18 , wrote , "  This is yet another example of a story , we 've seen it before , where he distances himself from an issue in the press and rides in on a white horse to save the day . " According to the documents released Friday , drivers began complaining about the traffic near the bridge immediately after the lanes were reduced . An e-mail to George Washington Bridge General Manager Robert Durando from an associate described the types of complaints that came in . It describes one angry resident who wrote that her husband , who had been out of work for more than a year , was 40 minutes late to his new job . The Port Authority is "  playing God with people 's jobs , " she wrote . New Jersey officials realized early on that the lane closures had morphed from a traffic nightmare into a major safety concern . "  Specifically traffic conditions required Ft Lee officers to remain out on corners , managing traffic instead of attending to public safety issues , " Durando wrote in an e-mail on September 9 , as traffic continued to back up . Durando also expressed concerns about the "  inability of emergency response vehicles ... to traverse the borough while responding to emergencies . " "  Fort Lee is not happy , " Durando said in another e-mail . In the e-mails it also appears Sokolich was initially blamed for the traffic debacle . Sokolich said that Port Authority of New York and New Jersey Police were telling residents of his Fort Lee community that he was responsible for the closures . "  Many members of the public have indicated to me that the Port Authority Police officers are advising commuters in response to their complaints that this recent traffic debacle is the result of a decision that I , as the mayor , recently made , " Sokolich wrote in a September 12 letter to Baroni . Christie , who has denied involvement in the bridge scandal , apologized to Sokolich in a meeting on Thursday after a news conference in which the governor said he knew nothing about suggestions that top appointees orchestrated the gridlock to punish the mayor politically for not supporting Christie for re-election . Plenty in his own party happy to see Christie get comeuppance The documents also suggest that Wildstein was aware that there might be political fallout from having helped orchestrate the traffic logjam . Before he resigned , Wildstein forwarded e-mails about the bridge lane closures in September from his official account to his personal Gmail . On one occasion , Wildstein forwarded the e-mails after a member of his staff told him a Wall Street Journal reporter was asking questions about the lane closures . He did the same when Democratic Rep. Bill Pascrell sent a letter inquiring about traffic getting onto the bridge . The documents also include e-mail messages between top officials of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey that reveal that another senior Christie aide , Regina Egea , director of the authorities unit and a member of his senior staff , was aware of concerns the lane closures were not part of an ongoing traffic study . Foye , the transportation agency 's executive director , wrote a scathing e-mail that expressed concerns the lane closures did not follow protocol and created "  dangers to the public interest . " Baroni , the Christie-appointed Port Authority deputy director , forwarded the e-mail to Egea three hours after it was sent on September 9 . Officials in New Jersey and New York were also angry and shocked that the lanes were shut during a Jewish holiday , according to the documents . Scott Rechler , vice chairman of the board of commissioners of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , e-mailed other representatives on the transportation authority that he was disturbed that traffic was snarled "  without regard to this being the Jewish high holiday weekend . " Rechler was appointed by New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo . "  This is terribly disturbing and incomprehensive to me , " he wrote . "  How can a decision like this be made without it being discussed and considered at the highest levels ? " Legal woes lurk for Gov. Chris Christie over bridge scandal The scandal forced an "  embarrassed and humiliated " Christie to apologize over the alleged political retribution . The scandal has rocked Christie 's administration and raised questions about how it might affect the popular Republican 's potential presidential candidacy . Friday 's documents follow explosive e-mails released on Wednesday that identified key players and the basic outlines of the alleged scheme . Christie denounced the effort as outrageous and not connected to him . He fired one of his top aides . Others identified as being involved have also left their jobs . In addition to the legislative investigation , the scandal has prompted a review by federal prosecutors and triggered at least one lawsuit against Christie and those at the center of the storm . Sokolich , the Democratic politician allegedly targeted because he did n't endorse Christie 's re-election bid , said the tie-ups in September caused residents "  misery and agony " in his town . He met with Christie on Thursday and told CNN that the governor was gracious and that he accepted his apology . But Sokolich believes the matter is far from finished . An uncharacteristically low-key Christie appeared chastened at a news conference before his meeting with Sokolich , and said he was stunned by the revelations . Christie and his staff originally blamed traffic snafus on a transportation study they said had been mishandled . Christie said he found out about the more troubling reason for the disruption on Wednesday when the e-mails surfaced publicly . Christie 's political star hangs in the balance , with multiple investigations immediately clouding any future aspirations of a presidential run in 2016 . Bridge firestorm could have bigger impact on Christie The e-mail exchanges began three weeks before access lanes to the bridge were closed , two months before Election Day . "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee , " Bridget Anne Kelly , Christie 's deputy chief of staff for legislative and intergovernmental affairs , said in an e-mail to Wildstein . The transportation agency operates the George Washington Bridge , which connects New York and New Jersey . "  Got it , " Wildstein replied . Wildstein left his job in December and Kelly was fired this week . . The scheme unfolded from there , leading to traffic tie-ups from September 9-13 . In one e-mail from early December , Drewniak , the governor 's spokesman , and Wildstein made dinner plans . "  Can you do dinner in New Brunswick this evening ? " asked Drewniak on December 4 . Twenty minutes later , Wildstein wrote , "  Sure , as long as short notice does n't inconvenience you . " The next morning , Wildstein wrote Drewniak . "  Thanks again for all your sound advice last night , I always appreciate your friendship . " The e-mail did not detail the advice given to Wildstein . On Thursday , Wildstein obeyed a judge 's order to appear before a state legislative committee . But he invoked his constitutional right to not testify . Assemblyman John Wisniewski , the state legislator leading the investigation , has accused Christie of still holding back . "  We intend to continue our investigation , but this would all be made easier if Gov. Christie did the right thing and voluntarily released all communications so everyone could find out with certainty what happened , " Wisniewski said in a statement . "  If he 's truly dedicated to transparency and the truth from here on out , he will take this step and cooperate fully with the committee 's work . " The scandal threatens to imperil Christie 's presidential ambitions but has not necessarily derailed them , Oxford University historian Timothy Stanley wrote in an opinion piece for CNN.com . "  He 's a resourceful politician and it 's still many months before campaigning starts in earnest , " Stanley wrote . "  But now , his opponents have a stick to beat him with . " It 's not the crime , it 's the coverup	Details emerge about anger over lane closures on George Washington Bridge Head of Port Authority calls closures "  hasty and ill-advised " ; questions legality E-mail shows top bridge official worried traffic took officers away from other duties Christie apologizes for the scandal , fires top aide on Thursday
CNN  -- Concerns about the Ebola virus were heightened Sunday when a health care worker in Texas had a positive preliminary test for the disease . If confirmed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the worker 's case would mark the first known transmission of Ebola in the United States and the second-ever diagnosis in the country . With developments pouring in from all corners of the world , here 's what you need to know to quickly get caught up : WEST AFRICA No relief in sight : The number of deaths attributed to the current Ebola outbreak has climbed to 4,033 , the World Health Organization reported Friday . The tally brings the total number of confirmed , probable and suspected cases of Ebola to 8,399 . The numbers were reported from Guinea , Liberia , Nigeria , Senegal , Sierra Leone , Spain and the United States . A possible $ 32 billion hit : The outbreak could cost the African economy $ 32 billion over the next two years if it spreads to its larger neighbors , the World Bank estimates . The steps some countries have taken to prevent the spread of the Ebola virus amount to "  putting a towel under the door of a building on fire , " World Bank president Jim Kim told CNN 's Richard Quest on Thursday . Complete coverage on Ebola Liberia postpones election : Liberia 's President on Thursday postponed a senatorial election that had been set for this week , citing the Ebola outbreak in the country . The nation 's election commission had recommended the delay , saying the prevalence of the virus , authorities ' efforts to combat it and citizens ' efforts to isolate themselves were n't conducive to a free and open election . Officials have not yet revealed any new date for the election , which had been set for Tuesday . U.S. troops arrive in Liberia : A group of 90 U.S. Marines and airmen arrived in Liberia on Thursday to help Ebola response efforts , along with four V-22 Osprey aircraft and two C-130 transport planes . Their arrival brings the total number of U.S. troops deployed in Liberia to 334 , military spokesman Lt. Col. Dave Doherty said . There are more coming . In late October , 700 troops from the 101st Airborne Division are scheduled to deploy to Liberia . U.S. troops battle invisible enemy in Liberia U.S. CASES New case in Texas : A person who helped to treat Thomas Eric Duncan may be the first person to contract the disease while in the United States . The health care worker from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital tested positive in a preliminary test Saturday after reporting a low-grade fever Friday . The CDC is working to confirm the diagnosis . ` Modest improvement ' for NBC cameraman : The family of NBC cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who contracted Ebola while working in Liberia , is cautiously optimistic after doctors said his condition at a Nebraska hospital has improved slightly . Mukpo , an American citizen , has shown "  very modest improvement , " according to The Nebraska Medical Center , where he is being treated . Mukpo is receiving an experimental drug called brincidofovir , or CMX001 . "  Mr. Mukpo 's condition is slightly improved , " medical director Dr. Phil Smith said . "  He 's been taking in some fluids and drinking Gatorade . But everyone needs to be reminded that this is still a very serious illness we 're dealing with and no one has a lot of experience treating it . " Thomas Duncan dies : Thomas Eric Duncan , the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the United States , died Wednesday , 10 days after he was admitted to Dallas ' Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . His family wonders whether the outcome would have been different if doctors had admitted him to a hospital on September 25 , the first time he showed up with a fever and stomach pain . Duncan 's family has criticized the care he received . The Dallas hospital that treated him says staff members did everything they could . Ebola test negative for Dallas deputy : An Ebola test was negative for a Dallas deputy who was hospitalized with possible symptoms of the deadly virus , officials said . The deputy , Sgt. Michael Monnig , did n't have any direct contact with Duncan but had reported contact with Duncan 's family . Physicians at Texas Health Presbyterian discharged him Thursday , soon after the negative test came back , hospital spokeswoman Candace White said . New travel screening : Five of America 's biggest , busiest airports are beefing up measures . On Saturday , people arriving from the three nations hardest hit by Ebola started getting special screening , including having their temperature taken , at New York 's JFK airport . Washington 's Dulles , Newark , Chicago 's O'Hare and Atlanta international airports will begin screening Thursday . Ebola worries spread : In New York , fire officials said a patient in Brooklyn with Ebola-like symptoms had recently returned from the North African country of Sudan , the New York Daily News reported . The patient was undergoing tests , but the New York Health Department said there were no patients in the city suspected of having Ebola . The patient was "  never at risk for Ebola and never met the definition of an Ebola suspect , " the Health Department said . Sudan is far removed from the West African center of the outbreak -- as far away from it as Atlanta is from Los Angeles . Still , fear of the often deadly disease has bred much caution . "  I have seen several people who had acute illnesses worried that they may have Ebola , " said Dr. Mark Reiter , an emergency room physician in Tennessee and president of the American Academy of Emergency Medicine . Reiter said many patients in his state are unlikely candidates , not having been to West Africa , nor having had any contact with a symptomatic Ebola patient . "  But it has gotten a tremendous amount of media coverage and some people are especially concerned about it , even if it is highly unlikely , " Reiter said . In Los Angeles , a patient who was isolated at Centinela Hospital 's emergency room after being transported from Los Angeles International Airport earlier this week has undergone all necessary tests required by the CDC and Los Angeles County Department of Public Health . The patient was approved for discharge . Linda Bradley , hospital CEO , said the patient , who had traveled recently from Liberia , underwent numerous tests , which came back negative . Cuban doctors train , then fight Ebola in Africa IN OTHER COUNTRIES Spain Ebola patient has no significant change in condition : Teresa Romero Ramos , a nurse 's assistant in Spain who is the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , "  is conscious and talking " but was in "  stable but serious " condition Saturday after taking a turn for the worse earlier in the week . She has been treated with the anti-influenza drug Avigan , hospital sources with knowledge of the case said . Spain ramps up response : After Romero became the first person to contract Ebola outside Africa , 16 people related to the case were being monitored in a Madrid hospital , including an emergency room doctor , the neighborhood doctor who saw her before the case was confirmed , and the nurse 's husband , according to a government source . A special committee created by the Spanish government to tackle the Ebola crisis reported no significant changes in her condition . The committee , which will include representatives from government and health care , will coordinate national efforts to control the virus and establish protocols to deal with it , the source said . A nurse under observation at the hospital tested negative for the Ebola virus , the committee said . The nurse has been discharged but will remain under observation outside the hospital until her quarantine ends on October 16 , the committee said . Sporadic infections unavoidable , the WHO says : Sporadic Ebola infections will be unavoidable in some European countries because of direct travel from their hubs to hotspot areas in West Africa , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . But the risk of spread , it said , is avoidable and extremely low . Australia scare : A 57-year-old woman who returned to Australia after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone has been isolated at a hospital and is undergoing tests , including one for the deadly virus , authorities said . She had isolated herself at home and checked her temperature twice daily since her return , as recommended by national guidelines . The Queensland Department of Health announced early Friday that initial tests on the woman came back negative for Ebola . United Kingdom : The UK 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports and Eurostar railway terminals will begin screening passengers arriving from Ebola-affected Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , a government spokesman said . Screening will involve assessing passengers ' recent travel history , who they have been in contact with and future travel arrangements , as well as a possible assessment performed by medical personnel . CNN 's Steve Almasy , Joe Sutton , Ray Sanchez , Greg Botelho , Alexander Felton , Khushbu Shah , Saskya Vandoorne , Richard Quest , Brent Swails and Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Texas health worker reports fever Friday , preliminary positive test for Ebola on Saturday Airport screenings started Saturday at JFK airport in New York Spokesman : US Airways followed CDC guidelines after health scare on Dominican flight Hotel closed in Macedonia after sudden death , ministry says
CNN  -- Formula One teams will face a different challenge at this weekend 's European Grand Prix as a new tire compound will be used in a race for the first time . Official supplier Pirelli announced on Tuesday that the medium and soft tires will be used for the event in the Spanish port city of Valencia . The Italian firm 's motorsport director Paul Hembery said the decision was a result of the track surface on the street circuit and also the likelihood of warm weather . "  Tire wear on this circuit is likely to be quite high because of the track layout , the nature of the surface , and also the weather conditions , " Hembery told Formula One 's official web site . Latest Formula One standings "  For all these reasons , we 've selected the medium and soft tires , which should provide the teams with a good level of resistance , plenty of different opportunities for strategy and about a second per lap difference between the compounds . " Although the medium compound was not used in any of the 2011 season 's opening seven races , the teams did get a chance to test it during a Friday practice session ahead of the Canadian Grand Prix . Mike Gascoyne , chief technical officer for the CNN-sponsored Team Lotus , was satisfied with what he saw from the medium tire in Montreal and is hoping his drivers can take advantage of the speed difference between the two available compounds . "  The prime tire here is the medium which we are racing for the first time this season , " the 48-year-old said . "  We ran it in on Friday in Canada and it behaved pretty well ... We will be looking closely at how it performs and how we can take advantage of the time difference between the primes and the options on Saturday and Sunday . " Pirelli took over from Bridgestone as the sole tire supplier to the elite division of motorsport at the end of 2010 . Reigning world champion Sebastian Vettel leads the drivers ' standing for Red Bull , 60 points ahead of McLaren 's Jenson Button in second place .	Pirelli has announced a new tire compound will be debuted at the European Grand Prix The Italian manufacturer has confirmed the medium and soft tires will be used in Valencia Mike Gascoyne hopes Team Lotus can take advantage of difference between tires
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Sony blamed the global economic slowdown , increased competition and an appreciating yen for a 95 percent drop in third-quarter profits , as the company announced its results Thursday . Customers check Sony 's Bravia brand LCD TVs at an electronics shop in Tokyo , Japan . Profits for the quarter , which ended December 31 , fell from nearly 200 billion yen  $ 2.2 billion  in 2007 to about 10 billion yen  $ 110 million  in 2008 . Across the company , sales were down 25 percent , but electronics and games sales were especially hard hit . Sales of games , including the company 's popular PlayStation series , fell 32 percent over the year . Sales of electronics decreased by nearly 30 percent . The appreciation of the yen also cut into profits . A stronger yen makes Japanese products more expensive or forces companies to lower their profit margins to keep prices the same . Last week , Sony warned that it will close out the fiscal year , which ends March 31 , with an operating loss of 260 billion yen  $ 2.9 billion  , its first in 14 years . Watch what lies ahead for Sony "	Sales were down 25 percent across the company Electronics and games especially hard hit , with sales falling 30 percent or more Sony warned last week it will close out fiscal year with operating loss of $ 2.9 billion
Niamey , Niger  CNN  -- An Islamist militant group has claimed responsibility for Thursday 's deadly attacks on an army barracks and a uranium mine in Niger , saying they were responses to Niger 's cooperation with France in a "  war against Sharia , " CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . Twenty soldiers and five assailants were killed , and at least 30 other people -- including civilians -- were injured in attacks about 200 kilometers  124 miles  apart in Niger early Thursday , the African nation 's defense minister said . Karidjo Mahamadou said later security forces were in charge of the two sites , including one where an attacker had taken hostages . "  I ensure that the situation is under control and that the Niger security forces have renewed the vow to secure the country and the people , " he said . A spokesman for the Movement for Unity and Jihad in West Africa , or MUJAO , said that "  thanks to Allah , we have carried two operations against the enemies of Islam in Niger , " BFMTV reported . MUJAO is among the radical Islamist groups that have been fighting Malian and French forces in Mali , which borders Niger . Both attacks -- at the army barracks in Agadez in central Niger and a Somair uranium mine in Arlit in northern Niger -- happened about 5 a.m. , Niger Domestic Affairs Minister Abdou Labo said . In Agadez , a regional capital to the southeast of Arlit , a truck carrying armed assailants and explosives detonated in front of the army barracks , Labo said . A battle ensued in which the 20 soldiers were killed , Labo said . A breakdown of how many deaths were attributable to the bombing and how many happened in the battle was n't available . The surviving assailant closed himself in a building with cadets and threatened to detonate explosives , Labo said . Mahamadou did n't say whether the suspect had been captured when he said everything was under control . At the Somair mine , operated by French nuclear power group Areva , a truck with explosives blew up at the gates , killing two assailants , Labo said . At least 14 civilians were wounded , Mahamadou said . Areva said the injured included at least 13 workers . MUJAO spokesman Abu Walid Sahraoui said the group "  attacked France and Niger for its cooperation with France in the war against Sharia , " BFMTV reported Thursday . France deployed about 4,000 troops to Mali , the country directly to Niger 's west , in January to drive out Islamist militants -- including MUJAO members -- who had attempted to take control of the country . Islamic extremists with links to al Qaeda carved out a large portion of northern Mali last year , taking advantage of a chaotic situation after a military coup in March 2012 . France took military action this year after the militants began to push into the southern portion of the country . MUJAO is a splinter group of Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb , according to the United Nations . France strongly condemned Thursday 's attacks , the French foreign ministry said . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius spoke with his Nigerien counterpart and expressed France 's solidarity with Nigerien authorities in the fight against terrorist groups , the ministry said . Niger , a former colony of France , gained independence in 1960 . Journalist Ibbo Daddy Abdoulaye reported from Niamey , Niger . CNN 's Jason Hanna and Pierre Meilhan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Amir Ahmed also contributed to this report .	NEW : 20 soldiers , five assailants dead after another bombing , battle Islamist group MUJAO says attacks are response to cooperation with France Truck bomb kills two assailants , wounds 50 outside mine MUJAO has been fighting French forces in Mali , which borders Niger
CNN  -- A cargo train derailed and crashed into homes Sunday in a sprawling Kenyan slum , the Red Cross said . Rescue efforts are under way to free residents trapped in damaged homes in the capital city of Nairobi , the agency said . At least five people were transported to a local hospital , Red Cross said on its Twitter page . Kibera -- one of Africa 's largest slums -- is filled with rows of homes made from a mixture of mud , tin , wood and concrete . A railway passes through the neighborhood . The settlement is home to hundreds of thousands . CNN 's Christabelle Fombu contributed to this report	NEW : At least five people are taken to a local hospital NEW : Rescue efforts are under way to free trapped residents Kibera is one of Africa 's largest slums A railway passes through the neighborhood
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Maria Elena Bergoglio was in her home west of Buenos Aires last week when she heard the shocking news : Jorge Mario Bergoglio -- her brother -- was the new pope . In the past , she had prayed that the cardinals would n't pick him . "  During the previous conclave , I was praying for him not to be elected ... because I did n't want my brother to leave , " she told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Monday . "  It 's a position that was a little selfish . " But this time around , Bergoglio said she changed her tone . "  I prayed that the Holy Spirit would intervene and not listen to me . And it did n't listen to me , " she said , laughing . "  It did what it wanted . " Last week , soon after the white smoke billowed out from the Sistine Chapel chimney , she heard her brother 's voice crackling through the telephone line . "  I almost died , " she said . "  The telephone rang and my son answered . I heard him say , ` ooooh , God . ' I could n't believe it . " Her brother , who chose the name Pope Francis , told her not to worry and reassured her he was well -- something she 's also seen watching his face as the events of recent days unfolded on television . "  I told him I wanted to hug him , " she said , "  and he told me that we are already embracing from a distance , which is also something that I feel and that is real . " Then , the pope told her to pass along his warm greetings to the rest of the family . "  He said , ' I can not call everyone . We are a very big family , so please send them my love . Because if I call everyone , it will empty the Vatican coffers , ' " Bergoglio said . Standing outside her house in a middle-class area about 45 minutes from Argentina 's capital , she laughed Monday as she described his comments . She said it was a sign that even now , thousands of miles away in Europe and in the highest office in the hierarchy of the Roman Catholic Church , her brother showed the same sense of humor he displayed since their childhood growing up in Argentina . "  I think that 's why he became pope ... if he had to be firm in something , he was , " she said . "  But he was always like that , with a sense of humor . " It 's clear , Bergoglio said , that her brother -- the first pope from Latin America -- will be a pope for the masses . "  I feel like the church opened its doors , and said to the world , "  Here I am . I belong to everyone . I am not from one continent , but absolutely belong to everyone . ' " She dismissed concerns raised by critics who accuse Francis of being complicit with Argentina 's brutal military dictatorship from the 1970s -- an accusation the Catholic Church denies . "  I am sure , and that is where my calmness is born , that my brother did n't participate in that , " she said . "  I do n't like to get involved in destructive and scandalous matters . Those rumors are destructive and my purpose is to construct , " she said . "  So let them say what they want . " Why Francis ? New pope explains his new name CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Jose Manuel Rodriguez reported from Buenos Aires . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	The pope 's sister says she had previously prayed that her brother would n't be picked "  I did n't want my brother to leave  Argentina  , " Maria Elena Bergoglio says Now , the pope 's proud sister says he will be a pope for the people On the selection of her brother : "  The church opened its doors . "
CNN  -- A Texas inmate in a wheelchair , who escaped on foot from two armed guards as he was being transferred between prisons , is now on the U.S. Marshals ' list of the 15 most-wanted fugitives . Arcade Comeaux Jr. , 49 , "  produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers , took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown , Texas , " the U.S. Marshals Service said in a statement . He then put the officers in the back of the van and took their weapons and one of their uniforms , the statement said . Comeaux was serving three life sentences for aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . He escaped Monday during transport from Huntsville , Texas , to Stiles , Texas . The 6-foot , 200-pound man was shackled and in a wheelchair , "  which he had claimed was needed for mobility , " Michelle Lyons , director of public information for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice in Huntsville , said in a statement . About 45 minutes into the trip , as they were driving through Conroe , 40 minutes north of Houston , the prisoner pulled out a pistol and ordered the guards to drive south to Baytown , east of Houston . He fired once , but hit no one during the escape about 9 a.m. , officials said . Law enforcement officers found the unharmed officers an hour later . Comeaux was being transferred so he could be near John Sealy Hospital in Galveston for treatment of the supposed paralysis he had suffered during a reported stroke , officials said . At least $ 16,000 in reward money has been offered for information leading to Comeaux 's rearrest and a task force of more than 100 investigators is searching for him , focusing on the Houston area , where he grew up and has family . His escape has led the man who oversees Texas ' criminal justice system to call for a shakeup of the prison system . "  I just think enough 's enough , " said Sen. John Whitmire , the Texas Democrat from Houston who is chairman of the state Senate 's Criminal Justice Committee . "  We need a complete shakeup of the leadership of our prison system and/or an outside review by third parties , " he told CNN by phone Wednesday . "  We just ca n't have security breaches of this nature . " Whitmire said the guards had failed to pat down Comeaux while he was in his wheelchair and before they began the trip . "  Sure enough , he has a firearm , " he said . "  The question is , are there others  in the prison system  ? I think you have to assume that there are until you find out differently . " So far this year , more than 900 cell phones have been confiscated from the 112 locations that house the state 's 158,000 prisoners . "  It 's pretty rampant , " he said . "  I want the director to come forward and tell us what it 's going to take " to solve the problem , he said . John Moriarty , inspector general of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , said such lapses are highly unusual in the state 's penal system . "  We have no open gun investigations other than this one , " he said . "  The last one was several years ago . " Texas Department of Criminal Justice Executive Director Brad Livingston , who has been in the job since 2005 , did not immediately respond to a call seeking comment .	Arcade Comeaux Jr. was in wheelchair when he pulled gun on officers Comeaux forced officers to drive him to Baytown , Texas , where he fled on foot State senator calls for shakeup in state 's penal system
CNN  -- Journalist Michael Hastings , known for his 2010 profile of Gen. Stanley McChrystal that led to the officer 's abrupt retirement , died in a car accident in Los Angeles on Tuesday . The 33-year-old had been a reporter for BuzzFeed since last year , when he was hired to cover the Obama re-election campaign . "  Michael was a great , fearless journalist with an incredible instinct for the story , and a gift for finding ways to make his readers care about anything he covered from wars to politicians , " BuzzFeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith said in a statement . "  He wrote stories that would otherwise have gone unwritten , and without him there are great stories that will go untold . " Hastings was also a contributor to Rolling Stone , and it was his profile in that magazine about McChrystal that led to the the general leaving his position . In his profile , Hastings quoted McChrystal and his staff criticizing and mocking key administration officials . The young reporter wrote that McChrystal and Obama "  failed from the outset to connect , " and that the president looked "  uncomfortable and intimidated " by top military officials . Hastings wrote that an unnamed aide to McChrystal mocked Vice President Joe Biden . The fallout of the article was significant , with the general resigning from his post as the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , followed by his retirement from the armed forces . "  Hastings ' hallmark as reporter was his refusal to cozy up to power , " his obituary in Rolling Stone read . "  While other embedded reporters were charmed by McChrystal 's bad-boy bravado and might have excused his insubordination as a joke , Hastings was determined to expose the recklessness of a man leading what Hastings believed to be a reckless war . " Read excerpts from Hasting 's profile of McChrystal	Hastings was a reporter for BuzzFeed He is remembered for his Rolling Stone profile of Gen. Stanley McChrystal The profile revealed rifts between Obama and his commanders McChrystal abruptly retired after the article was published
CNN  -- One of the many characters Peter O'Toole played on-screen insisted that he was n't an actor but a movie star . We knew better . The real O'Toole , who died Saturday in London at 81 , was triumphantly a great actor and a great screen idol . He played a variety of roles , from meek  1969 's "  Goodbye Mr. Chips "  to bombastic  1968 's "  The Lion in Winter "  . In the process , he yielded a body of work that , taken together , was likely more varied than any actor of the prodigious , mostly hell-raising generation of male actors that emerged as screen icons mid-20th century .  In terms of variety , only Michael Caine challenges O'Toole , but not Richard Burton , Richard Harris or Sean Connery . Here are five of his best movies , in my view , and the ones most representative of his life 's work . What 's your own list ? It 's through this ongoing evaluation that artists such as O'Toole live on : 1 . "  The Stunt Man "  1980 As the imperious moviemaker Eli Cross , O'Toole is a loose cannon : manipulative , abusive , self-centered -- but nowhere near as wicked as he should be . The reason this leads my list of O'Toole 's best performances is that it encompasses just about everything about him that was inimitable : Feline physical grace , a musician 's timing , a writer 's instinct for nuance , bravura rhetorical flourishes and a boundless capacity to keep his audiences off-balance even when he 's not speaking or moving . 2 . "  Lawrence of Arabia "  1962 It was n't his first movie role .  That came in 1960 's "  Kidnapped . "  It just seems that way . Fifty-one years have passed since David Lean 's desert epic was released and O'Toole 's dominant , star-making performance as the flamboyant T. E. Lawrence remains among the most galvanic big-screen breakthroughs in movie history . It also set in motion the dispiriting pattern of O'Toole being nominated for the best actor Oscar and losing . Gregory Peck was a nice man and his Atticus Finch in "  To Kill a Mockingbird " was an even nicer man . But in retrospect , they should n't have won the Oscar that , in retrospect , had O'Toole 's name all over it . They needed to get it right the first time . Instead , they denied him six more times , even for his performance as a dying actor in 2006 's "  Venus , " which came three years after he received a lifetime achievement Oscar . 3 . "  My Favorite Year "  1982 O'Toole 's portrayal of Alan Swann , aging movie swashbuckler who 's not so devil-may-care when it comes to the demands of 1950s live TV , may well have been his most widely beloved role . His boisterous physical comedy fits the raucous surrounds like an old shoe  with a hole in the sole .  His Swann also has melancholy moments , but he always keeps the characterand the movie from going to the maudlin zone . 4 . "  The Ruling Class "  1972 By this time in his career , O'Toole had assembled a curriculum vitae that included at least two overwrought English kings  1964 's "  Becket " and 1968 's "  The Lion in Winter "  , two self-tortured adventurers  1962 's "  Lawrence of Arabia " and 1965 's "  Lord Jim "  , a manic Lothario  1965 's "  What 's New Pussycat "  and Don Quixote  1972 's "  Man of La Mancha "  . This dark comedy 's lead character , Lord Jack Arnold Alexander Tancred Gurney , seems a barking-mad composite of these personalities . At the beginning , Jack 's a shaggy , blithe species of maniac who 's been called to his family estate to do whatever 's expected of a well-heeled nobleman . Problem is , he 's convinced that he is God . Why ? "  Simple . When I pray to Him , I find I am talking to myself . " This brand of crazy is far more blissful than the malevolent kind that takes over the 14th Earl of Gurney when his hair is cut and his demeanor made more "  respectable " to his peers . The movie is a tad overlong and may leave you with an acrid aftertaste . But O'Toole bowls you over with the effortless way he enchants you at one end of the movie and frightens you at the other . 5 . "  Lassie "  2005 In the late autumn of his career , O'Toole eased into being more character actor than movie star and infused even the most offhand role  e.g. the voice of snooty restaurant critic Anton Ego in Pixar 's 2007 's "  Ratatouille "  with immaculate polish and unassuming mastery . My own favorite from this period comes in this latest adaptation of the Eric Knight children 's classic , "  Lassie Come Home , " in which O'Toole plays the gruff Duke of Radling , who 's forbidding on the outside but keeps the fuzzy kindness deep within the tempered steel . Often , it 's in the miniature parts rather than the major ones that you see where real poetry can come from . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Peter O'Toole was an outstanding actor and a movie star , writes Gene Seymour He showed his versatility in everything from "  Lawrence of Arabia " to "  My Favorite Year " Seymour : O'Toole deserved , but did n't get , an Oscar for performance as T. E. Lawrence He says O'Toole enchants and frightens the viewer of "  The Ruling Class "
CNN  -- Britain 's Crown Prosecution Service is considering whether to charge England international footballer John Terry with racist abuse after receiving a full police file on the Chelsea captain . London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed this week that Terry was questioned under caution last Friday over claims that he abused Anton Ferdinand of Queens Park Rangers during a match in October . The 30-year-old has strongly denied the accusation , but faces investigations by both the police and the English Football Association . He has continued to play for both club and country , including this month 's friendly win against Sweden when he retained the captain 's armband . "  We now have a full file on John Terry and that is now under consideration , " a spokesman for the Crown Prosecution Service confirmed to CNN on Thursday . Terry 's case is one of two that have rocked English football in recent months , and came shortly before FIFA president Sepp Blatter told CNN that there is no problem with on-pitch racism . Liverpool 's Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez has been charged by the FA over allegedly racist remarks he made to Manchester United 's Senegal-born France international Patrice Evra during a Premier League match on October 15 . Liverpool announced that Suarez would plead his innocence .	UK prosecutors receive police file in case regarding England captain John Terry Chelsea player is accused of making racist remarks to QPR 's Anton Ferdinand The 30-year-old was interviewed by London police at the end of last week
Boston  CNN  -- An FBI official assigned to Boston to clean up corruption in the 1980s testified Tuesday he was overruled by his superiors when he suggested decades ago that James "  Whitey " Bulger be shut down as an FBI informant . "  They did n't do it . I did n't like it , but there was nothing I could do about it , " said Robert Fitzpatrick , the former assistant special-agent-in-charge of the Boston office , who testified his bosses at FBI headquarters in Washington "  felt Bulger was the person who was going to bring down the Mafia . " Prosecutors have charged Bulger with participating in 19 murders in a 32-count indictment that also accuses the alleged Boston Irish mob boss of racketeering , money laundering , and extortion during some two decades . Defense witness testifies Bulger did n't seem much of an informant During that time , according to previous testimony from a disgraced former FBI agent , Bulger was also an FBI informant instrumental in the takedown of the New England Mafia , La Cosa Nostra . Fitzpatrick , who was in charge of the drug task force in the organized crime squad , said he was not more forceful in pushing to cut off Bulger as an informant because of the FBI 's "  quasi-military " structure , saying it would have been a "  violation of protocol " to take his concerns any higher . He testified that his recommendation on Bulger came after a 30-minute meeting in which Bulger did most of the talking . Even though he was the second-highest-ranking agent in Boston at the time , Fitzpatrick played down the scope of his authority , suggesting he was undermined by Bulger 's FBI handlers , apparently unaware at the time that they were being paid off by Bulger . But Fitzpatrick testified Monday that during the 30-minute meeting , Bulger indicated that the FBI was n't paying him , but that he was paying the FBI . Asked why he did n't investigate the alleged bribery , Fitzpatrick said , "  It could just be a pay-off ... no quid pro quo . " Prosecutor Brian Kelly suggested Fitzpatrick was not interested in shutting down a bad informant : "  Were n't you more concerned about your own bureaucratic career than rocking the boat ? " Trying to discredit Fitzpatrick 's story , Kelly read passages from his book , "  Betrayal , " in which the former agent recounts events at which he was not present . Kelly accused him of creating "  an entire imaginary conversation with James Bulger , " and smirked at the notion Fitzgerald "  taunted " the reputed crime boss . Although the book is portrayed as "  absolutely true , " its copyright page lists it as "  fiction . " On the stand , Fitzpatrick described it as a "  memoir , a recitation of things " he believes happened . His goal , he said , was to expose corruption in the FBI , which is also , he says , why he resigned : "  I did n't want to be part of the corruption . " During cross-examination Tuesday , Fitzpatrick had difficulty remembering his testimony from the previous day . "  Do you have trouble with your memory ? " the prosecutor asked . "  Not that I recall , " answered Fitzpatrick , drawing some quick laughs from the court . Bulger 's defense attorneys called Fitzpatrick as part of their attempt to highlight corruption within the FBI during the 1970s and '80s . Another witness testified that rogue FBI agent John Connolly had access to all FBI informant files and therefore to the identities of everyone cooperating with the government . One of them was alleged Bulger crime associate Brian Halloran . Fitzpatrick previously testified he went to strike force attorneys requesting the Justice Department be more diligent about putting Halloran in witness protection . Halloran was cooperating with law enforcement and had implicated Bulger in the murder of a wealthy Oklahoma business man . Two days later , Fitzpatrick testified , Halloran was shot to death . Bulger 's former associate Kevin Weeks previously testified that Bulger fired a machine gun in the hit , along with another shooter . Pointing to Judge Mark Wolf 's portrait in court , Kelly argued that in 1988 , during hearings before Wolf , Fitzpatrick could not recall going to the Justice Department to help get Halloran in witness protection . The prosecutor also zeroed in on a passage in the memoir in which Fitzpatrick suggests he was present in 2000 when the body of another alleged Bulger victim , John McIntyre , was pulled from the "  frozen ground . " Despite writing that the image was "  etched in my memory , " Fitzpatrick could n't recall whether he was actually there . Fitzpatrick was not working for the FBI at the time McIntyre 's remains were exhumed in 2000 . "  You were trying to take credit for something you did n't do , " Kelley said . The prosecution alleges Bulger ordered a hit on McIntyre , a fisherman , after learning that McIntyre was cooperating with law enforcement on the investigation of a shipment of arms Bulger intended to send to the Irish Republican Army on the fishing trawler Valhalla . McIntyre also tipped authorities to a 36-ton delivery of marijuana on the boat Ramsland in 1984 , months before he was killed , prosecutors say . Developer describes threats in trial Kelly brandished documents in court that showed Fitzpatrick vouched for rogue FBI agents during the same time he claims he complained about their behavior . Fitzpatrick apparently signed off on glowing FBI evaluations of disgraced and now-jailed Connolly , and even signed off on a recommendation for him to go to a Harvard program . On redirect questioning , Fitzpatrick defended his book to the jury . "  The book is about the criminal justice system , " he said . "  In my estimation the criminal justice system failed , it failed during this whole situation . I wanted to bring it to light , not just for the public , for my family . " Fitzpatrick , who is still fighting to receive the full amount of his pension , plans to write another book on this trial , he said in court . Jury will not be sequestered Despite a request by the defense , Judge Denise Casper decided Tuesday not to sequester the jury , saying this late in the trial the jury was unprepared , and it could be prejudicial to both sides to have a disgruntled jury . Defense attorney J.W. Carney previously argued that there has "  never been a more widely publicized or sensational case in this district , " saying there has been saturated media coverage and "  statements that are so hyperbolic and prejudicial towards the defendant ... unlike anything anyone has seen . " The judge said her initial instructions to the jury have been reinforced "  more importantly by my repeatedly advising them that they not pay attention to media accounts . " She also said she does not expect a "  great amount of coverage during deliberations . " "  We have to assume the jurors are following my instructions , " she said Tuesday morning . "  I am not inclined to inconvenience these jurors at this juncture , " she said , particularly when they have had "  no notice " of the potential of sequestration . The defense has so far called two of its estimated 15 witnesses . It took the prosecution 30 days and 63 witnesses to present its case , which it wrapped up Friday .	Former FBI agent says he wanted Bulger cut off , but there was nothing he could do The prosecutor uses the former agent 's book to challenge his version of events The defense attorney 's request for sequestration is denied Bulger is accused of participating in 19 murders and faces other charges
London  CNN  -- After pleas to spare the life of British aid worker Alan Henning went unanswered by the so-called Islamic State terror group , his family is "  numb with grief " with the news that he has been beheaded . "  It is the news we hoped we would never hear . As a family we are devastated by the news of his death . There are few words to describe how we feel at this moment , " his wife , Barbara , said in a written statement released Saturday by the United Kingdom 's Foreign Office . " ... We always knew that Alan was in the most dangerous of situations but we hoped that he would return home to us . That is not to be . " News of Henning 's beheading was made public Friday in a video released by ISIS , which blamed the killing on the UK for joining the U.S.-lead bombing campaign against the group in Iraq and Syria . In the same video , the group threatened the life of American aid worker Peter Kassig . UK Prime Minister David Cameron called Henning 's murder "  absolutely abhorrent " and "  completely unforgiveable , " saying Britain must work with its allies to defeat ISIS . "  What we see with this organization is there 's no level of depravity to which they will not sink . No appeals made any difference , " he said , speaking Saturday at the Prime Minister 's country house retreat , Chequers . " ... The fact this was a kind , gentle , compassionate and caring man who had simply gone to help others , the fact they murdered him in the way they did , shows what we are dealing with , and this is going to be our struggle there . With others , we must do everything we can to defeat this organization " But Cameron also warned the fight against ISIS , also known as ISIL , would not be quick . The Prime Minister said he had held briefings with senior military and intelligence advisers and others , "  to make sure we do everything that we can , whether that is taking down these hateful videos from the Internet , whether it 's stopping preachers of hate , whether it 's prosecuting those who glorify terrorism , whether it 's working with others to defeat ISIL in the region . " ISIS video of 4th Westerner killing similar to others , but does n't run as long Pleas ignored The news of Henning 's beheading came just days after Britain joined the U.S.-led coalition against ISIS , following overwhelming approval from Parliament . UK jets began flying reconnaissance flights over Iraq a week ago , and on Tuesday dropped their first missiles on an ISIS heavy-weapon position and an armed pickup truck in Iraq , according to the UK Defense Ministry . The White House released a statement condemning Henning 's murder and vowing to work alongside the United Kingdom and its allies to "  degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL . " Henning appears to be the fourth Westerner to be beheaded on camera by ISIS . This summer , ISIS beheaded American freelance journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff -- showing their gruesome killings in videos posted online . ISIS then claimed its first British victim , aid worker David Haines , according to video that appeared online on September 13 . After receiving an audio file with her husband 's voice , Henning 's wife attempted to contact those holding him . When she was unable to reach those who sent the file , she made public pleas last month to ISIS to spare her husband 's life -- an appeal joined by voices of Muslim leaders around the world . But those pleas were ignored . "  On behalf of the entire family , I want to thank everyone who campaigned for Alan 's release , who held vigils to pray for his safe return , and who condemned those who took him , " she said , according to the statement . "  Your efforts were a great support to us , and we take comfort in knowing how many people stood beside us in hoping for the best . " A taxi driver from near Manchester in northern England , the 47-year-old Henning was part of a team of volunteers who traveled to Syria in December 2013 to deliver aid -- food , water and medical supplies -- to people affected by the country 's devastating civil war . He was abducted by masked gunmen the day after Christmas , other people in the aid convoy said . "  Alan was a decent , caring human being . His interest was in the welfare of others , " Barbara Henning said in the statement . "  He will be remembered for this and we as a family are extremely proud of him and what he achieved and the people he helped . " Who is the ISIS ? ` Our local and national hero ' At a ceremony at Manchester Central Mosque on Saturday , a joint statement mourning the loss of Henning was read out on behalf of mosques throughout the north of England . "  Alan Henning was our local and national hero , " it said . "  We will remember him as a tireless and selfless volunteer aid worker whose only concern was to help people in need . " ... The killing of Alan Henning was a cowardly and criminal act of appalling brutality by a group who do not represent Islam at all and in fact are an insult to the Islamic faith . " Some 200 mosques and organizations put their names to the joint statement , together representing about a million people , according to mosque officials . Talha Ahmad , a spokesman for the Muslim Council of Britain , told CNN on Saturday that the organization was "  devastated and disgusted " by Henning 's murder , which he called "  the latest round of despicable violence by ISIS . " The murder , according to Ahmad , confirmed that ISIS is "  not a religiously inspired organization " but rather a militia group "  hell-bent on inflicting pain and cruelty . " He does not believe a very large number of people sympathize or are even prepared to tolerate the kind of attitude shown by ISIS , he said . "  The challenge we have is to make the case again and again that however tempting , however lucrative it may appear to support a group which stands up to the Western ` bully , ' if you like , the reality is ISIS do not represent a hope , " he said . One heartening thing to come out of the tragedy of Henning 's death , he said , is that Muslims "  of all shades and colors and theology , have come together to condemn ISIS and we just need to keep doing that . " UK authorities believe at least 500 British citizens have gone to Iraq and Syria , many of them to fight with ISIS and other Islamist groups -- and that most will try to return , bringing their extremist views with them . Cameron last month laid out new measures to tackle the threat posed by would-be UK jihadists , days after Britain raised its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe . " How ISIS is run Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote from London , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta ; CNN 's Phillip Taylor , Karl Penhaul , Talia Kayali and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Family of Alan Henning is "  devastated , " says statement "  There are few words to describe how we feel at this moment " Joint statement by mosques remembers Alan Henning as "  our local and national hero " UK Prime Minister David Cameron vows to find those responsible for Henning 's murder
Madrid  CNN  -- It 's an ominous number . There could be up to 10,000 new Ebola cases per week in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone by the end of this year as the outbreak spreads , the World Health Organization warned Tuesday . And now that a nurse has become the first person to contract Ebola on American soil , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says it has a new plan to help hospitals handle the deadly virus . "  For any hospital anywhere in the country that has a confirmed case of Ebola , we will put a team on the ground within hours , " CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden told reporters . The response team will include experts in infection control , protective equipment and experimental therapies . A team such as that , Frieden said , might have prevented a Dallas nurse from contracting the disease . The nurse was a member of the medical team that treated an Ebola patient who died last week . "  I wish we had put a team like this on the ground the day the first patient was diagnosed . That might have prevented this infection , " Frieden said . "  But we will do that from this day onward with any case anywhere in the U.S. " In addition to the many experts it sent to Dallas , Frieden said , the CDC "  could have sent a more robust hospital infection control team and been more hands-on with the hospital from day one about exactly how this should be managed . "  Ebola is unfamiliar . It 's scary , " said Frieden . "  And getting it right is really , really important , because the stakes are so high . " Speaking to reporters in Switzerland , WHO Assistant Director-General Dr. Bruce Aylward told reporters that the Ebola outbreak could get worse before it gets better . By December , he said , there could be between 5,000 and 10,000 new cases weekly in West Africa . Compare those December projections to the latest figures . As of Tuesday morning , there were a total of 8,914 Ebola cases and 4,447 deaths reported to the WHO , Aylward said . The outbreak 's mortality rate , he said , is about 70 % . "  This has been a deadly disease ever since we discovered it in 1976 , " said Dr. Seema Yasmin , a staff writer at the Dallas Morning News and a former CDC disease detective . "  Certainly the death rate can be lowered if we do n't have any delays in diagnosis and do n't have any delays in treating people , " Yasmin told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Aylward told reporters that in 90 days , officials have a goal they 're aiming for : They want to see the number of cases dropping from week to week . To start to decrease the rate of infection , the WHO says it hopes to isolate 70 % of Ebola patients and have 70 % of Ebola victim burials performed safely by December 1 . Getting responders , facilities and plans in place to meet the goal will be very difficult , Aylward said . Missing the goal will mean that more people will die than should have and that even more resources will be needed because the infection rate will continue to climb , he said . Dallas nurse speaks Days after authorities announced that a Dallas nurse had contracted Ebola , concerns in the United States have focused on a key question : Are people who are putting themselves in harm 's way to care for Ebola victims receiving the training and equipment they need ? "  I 've been hearing loud and clear from health care workers from around the country that they 're worried , that they do n't feel prepared to take care of a patient with Ebola , " Frieden said . Every hospital in the United States needs to be prepared to handle Ebola , he said , adding that the CDC will be stepping up training efforts . The Dallas nurse , Nina Pham , had cared for Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan , who contracted Ebola in Liberia and died of the illness at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital . "  A single infection in a health care worker is unacceptable , " Frieden said . "  And what we 're doing at this point is looking at everything we can do to minimize that risk so those that are caring for her do that safely and effectively . " At least 76 health care workers who may have come into contact with Duncan after he was hospitalized are now being monitored for symptoms of the disease , Frieden said . At the Dallas hospital , teams from the CDC are taking a number of steps to improve safety in handling Ebola , Frieden said , including ensuring there 's a site manager making sure protective equipment is put on and taken off correctly . "  There was n't a single individual accountable for that , " he said . "  That 's a critical role and that 's there now . " They 're also improving training at the hospital and limiting the number of staff who go into the isolation area , he said . In a statement Tuesday , Pham thanked supporters for sending kind wishes and prayers , according to the Dallas hospital where she is being treated . "  I am blessed by the support of family and friends and am blessed to be cared for by the best team of doctors and nurses in the world , " she said . Infected nurse 's assistant ` helping ' as doctors treat her Health authorities in Spain said a nurse 's assistant who is the first person to contract Ebola in Europe in the current outbreak is still in serious condition but doing better . And even as Teresa Romero Ramos lies in a hospital bed , she 's doing everything she can to take care of doctors , nurses and herself , said Dr. Marta Arsuaga , who is Romero 's doctor and friend . "  She is helping us to treat her . ... She was where I am now , so she knows what I have to do , " Arsuaga said . Romero 's case , like Pham 's , has raised serious questions about how equipped hospitals are to cope with the Ebola outbreak . The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control said Monday that the Madrid hospital treating Romero does n't meet all the standards set for centers capable of Ebola care . And in a scathing letter , Javier Limon , Romero 's husband , said she received only 30 minutes of training in putting on protective gear and called for the resignation of Madrid 's regional health minister over how the case has been handled . Romero helped care for one of two Spanish missionaries who were brought back to Madrid for treatment after being infected with the virus in West Africa . Both men died of the illness . Besides treating Romero , Spanish authorities are monitoring 81 potential Ebola cases -- 15 in hospitals and 66 at home , according to the Spanish Ministry of Health . None of them is showing symptoms of Ebola , the ministry said . Romero is stable but remains in serious condition , Antonio Andreu , director of the Carlos III Hospital in Madrid , said at a news conference . A spokesman for a special committee created in Spain to keep people informed about Ebola said Spain will have a contagious diseases reference center in each of its regions . Police , firefighters and ambulance personnel , as well as hospital staff , will be trained to deal with Ebola cases . Andreu insisted that Spain 's health care professionals have the situation under control . But he said more training will be given to health care workers and new guidelines will be prepared . "  Ebola is not a problem of Spain . It is not a problem of the United States , " he said . "  It 's a global problem . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro reported from Madrid , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London and Catherine E. Shoichet wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Alexander Felton , Claudia Otto , Elwyn Lopez , Jason Hanna and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	New site manager at Texas hospital is a "  critical role , " CDC director says WHO predicts 5,000-10 ,000 Ebola cases a week in worst-hit countries by December CDC director : A new team will help hospitals around the United States deal with Ebola Dallas nurse : "  I 'm doing well " ; she thanks "  everyone for their kind wishes and prayers "
EW.com  -- "  Jeopardy! " has announced the line-up of celebrities who will participate in the special "  Power Players Week " tournament . Silver fox Anderson Cooper , "  New Girl " cameo maker Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , and Lewis Black are just a few names on the eclectic roster of competitor , who each stand to earn $ 10,000 for their charity  winners earn a minimum of $ 50,000  . Monday , May 14 Former White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs  Competing for Pine Hills Literacy Project "  Hardball " host Chris Matthews  La Salle College High School CNN correspondent Lizzie O'Leary  826DC Tuesday , May 15 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar  Skyhook Foundation CNBC anchor David Faber  New Visions for Public Schools Fox News host and former White House Press Secretary Dana Perino  Pets2Vets Wednesday , May 16 BBC America anchor Katty Kay  International Women 's Media Foundation Dr. Mehmet Oz  HealthCorps Fox News host Chris Wallace  Hope for the Warriors Thursday , May 17 Lewis Black  Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Chicago Tribune columnist Clarence Page  American Institute for Stuttering NBC News Chief White House Correspondent Chuck Todd  Samaritan Inns Friday , May 18 Professional giggler Anderson Cooper  The Trevor Project New York Times columnist Thomas L. Friedman  Conservation International NBC News Capitol Hill Correspondent Kelly O'Donnell  Lost Dog & Cat Rescue Foundation See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Jeopardy! " has Anderson Cooper and other celebrities participate in its "  Power Players Week " Kareem Abdul-Jabbar , and Lewis Black are just a few names on the eclectic roster of competitor Each stand to earn $ 10,000 for their charity  winners earn a minimum of $ 50,000
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- It 's as tall as some of L.A. 's highest skyscrapers , but the only residents here are rats and cockroaches . Welcome to the Puente Hills Landfill , the largest rubbish dump in America . Over 150 meters of garbage has risen from the ground since the area became a designated dumping site in 1957 . Now , six days a week , an army of 1,500 trucks delivers a heaving 12,000 tons of municipal solid waste from the homes and offices of L.A. County 's millions of inhabitants . "  This used to be a dairy farm ; a valley filled with cows producing milk . And now it 's a geological feature made out of trash , " said Edward Humes , author of "  Garbology : Our Dirty Love Affair with Trash " -- a book that charts the history of garbage in America . Humes says most of the waste arrives straight from the bins of local residents . "  If you 're like most of us -- most Americans -- you 're making seven pounds of trash a day . Across a lifetime that adds up to 102 tons of trash per person , " he said . In 2010 alone , Americans accumulated 250 million tons of garbage , and although recycling in the U.S. has increased by 34 % since 1960 , Humes believes the country 's attitude to waste is still not sustainable . "  It 's very convenient to roll your trash to the curb every week and have it disappear , but it 's a magic trick -- and really there 's not very much magic , " he said . "  We need to have less packaging ; use less disposable items ;  use  things that last longer ; make purchasing decisions that are more studied and less wasteful . " The environmental impact of landfill sites varies depending on how well they 're managed and resourced . However , typical problems include the contamination of soil and groundwater from toxic residues ; the release of methane , a greenhouse gas produced during the decaying process that is more potent than carbon dioxide ; and disease-carrying pests . Tom Freyberg , chief editor of industry publication Waste Management World agrees with Humes that we should all be trying to reduce waste and increase the amount we recycle . However , he says it 's likely there will always be a need for landfill , and we should applaud those sites that are well managed . "  What 's happening now compared to years ago is that the technology and practices around waste management have vastly improved . It might be hard to see it from the outside , but they  Puente Hills  have a state of the art landfill site , " he said . Indeed , the layers of waste at Puente Hills are meticulously separated by plastic membranes , designed to contain the brew of noxious chemicals that would otherwise leak out into the groundwater . The "  leachate " is then collected and filtered to make it safe . The slums of Mumbai : A model of urban sustainability ? In addition , the methane produced by the natural decomposition of materials inside the tower of trash is collected through a network of pipes and burned to generate electricity . The emitted methane from Puente Hills alone produces about 50 megawatts of power -- enough energy for 70,000 homes , according to Los Angeles County authorities . At present , just over half of all U.S. garbage is buried in landfills , a third is recycled and the rest is incinerated to produce electricity , a process known as waste-to-energy . A recent study by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency concluded that incinerating a ton of trash emits at least 35 % less greenhouse gas and yields 10 times more electricity than burying it and capturing the methane . So why does America still seem so in love with landfill ? "  Quite simply , it 's the most cost-effective option across most of the U.S. , " said Peter Borkey , head of the OECD 's waste division . "  Incineration plants require a large critical mass of waste to be financially worthwhile . This is easy to accomplish in densely populated areas , but the costs associated with processing and transporting garbage rise very quickly as the population density lowers . " Borkey believes that landfill reduction will prove difficult until producers of waste and the municipal authorities responsible for handling it are given the right incentives . He says that in Europe -- where an EU directive on waste management has decreed landfill a disposal method of last resort -- large rubbish dumps are dwindling . "  In places like Germany and Scandinavia , landfill now constitutes less than 5 % of total waste management , " he said . But some landfill is unavoidable : "  At present residual waste that can neither be burned nor recycled -- hazardous waste and incineration ash -- can only be confined in well-managed landfill . " In Freyberg 's view , the public attitude surrounding the very idea of "  waste " should be reformed . "  The term does n't do the industry any favors . Most of what we call waste can be reused , turned into fuel or new products altogether . We should instead think of it as a great resource . "	L.A. is home to America 's largest landfill site , towering as high as a skyscraper Americans accumulated 250 million tons of garbage in 2010 , most ends up as landfill But there is complex science behind a rubbish dump ensuring it is safe and sustainable
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- An Ethiopian military cargo plane crashed at an airport in the Somali capital of Mogadishu early Friday , killing four crew members , African Union peacekeepers said . The plane "  burst into flames immediately on crashing " at the international airport , according to the African Union Mission to Somalia . It was carrying arms to the African Union forces in Somalia when it crashed as it landed just before 8 a.m. local time , airport staff said . AMISOM expressed condolences to the government and people of Ethiopia . Established in 2007 , the peacekeeping force has more than 17,000 personnel from across Africa helping the Somali government battle Islamist militants in the nation . Backed by the United Nations , its role is to help maintain peace and support Somalia 's federal government , as the African nation struggles to emerge from more than two decades of conflict . Journalist Omar Sheik Nor reported from Mogadishu and Samira Said from Atlanta .	The plane "  burst into flames immediately on crashing " It was carrying arms to the African Union forces in Somalia The peacekeeping force has more than 17,000 personnel from across Africa
CNN  -- When Rep. Anthony Weiner admitted Monday to sending inappropriate messages and photos "  of an explicit nature " to women online , his wife of 11 months was not standing at his side . Huma Abedin was with another politician , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Abedin , 34 , began working for Clinton as a White House intern in 1996 , eventually becoming the former first lady 's traveling chief of staff -- or "  body man " -- during her campaign for the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination . Her popularity among movers and shakers in the Democratic Party should have been an asset for Weiner 's future . However , now that she is the victim of the congressman 's indiscretion , " ... the Democrats are furious at this guy , " Democratic insider James Carville told CNN Monday . "  He is married to one of the most popular people in the Democratic Party . " Weiner : Liberal firebrand or political opportunist ? Although she is described as a very private person , Abedin 's intelligence , striking style , unusual background and ability "  to make the trains run on time , " brought her attention well before last summer 's marriage to Weiner . Vogue magazine profiled her in 2007 , an unusual distinction for a campaign aide . "  Huma Abedin has the energy of a woman in her 20s , the confidence of a woman in her 30s , the experience of a woman in her 40s and the grace of a woman in her 50s , " Clinton told Vogue . "  She is timeless , her combination of poise , kindness and intelligence are matchless , and I am lucky to have had her on my team for a decade now . " Abedin is the daughter of college professors . Her late father , an Islamic scholar , was from India and her mother , a sociologist , was from Pakistan . She was born in Kalamazoo , Michigan , but the family moved to Saudi Arabia when she was 2 . She moved back to the United States to attend George Washington University . She told Vogue that she decided at 15 that she wanted to be an international journalist , inspired by former CNN correspondent Christiane Amanpour . Can Weiner survive scandal ? Abedin 's plans changed when the White House intern program assigned her to the first lady 's office , not the press office as she had requested . She has not been far from Clinton since then , friends say . "  I do n't think you could say they are like mother and daughter , " actress Mary Steenburgen and longtime friend to the Clintons told Vogue in 2007 . "  It 's more like an older sister-younger sister relationship , but it 's definitely familial . " She joined Clinton 's State Department staff in 2009 , serving as a senior aide . Her efficiency , language abilities , attention to detail and remarkable ability to pack for long trips -- noted by the Vogue reporter -- make her invaluable to the globe-trotting Clinton . New York voters divided on Weiner 's future "  Huma does make the trains run on time , " Clinton lawyer Bob Barnett told Vogue . The Vogue story hinted in 2007 that she dated actor John Cusack and cyclist Lance Armstrong . Abedin was introduced to Weiner during the 2008 campaign . Former President Bill Clinton officiated at their July 2010 wedding . Their marriage drew extra attention because Abedin is Muslim and Weiner is Jewish . Ruben Navarrette : Weiner 's only choice is to resign Weiner rose through New York City politics as a young man unafraid of a fight and eager for media attention . Abedin , in contrast , is known for her diplomacy and privacy .	Huma Abedin , 34 , joined Hillary Clinton 's staff 14 years ago She is a senior aide to the secretary of state Vogue profiled her in 2007 because of her style She 's Muslim and he 's Jewish
CNN  -- A Louisiana charter school is changing a policy that required pregnant students to be removed from class and home-schooled , pending board approval , a school official said Thursday . "  The school has not eliminated its pregnancy policy at this time , " said Chris Broussard , a spokesman for the Delhi Charter School . The details of the revision -- which would take effect after the school board weighs in and approves -- are not yet clear . Broussard said the law firm Davenport , Files and Kelly helped revise the policy to make it compliant with federal law , after it came under intense criticism from rights groups . Under the school 's current policy , posted on its website , "  The school reserves the right to require any female student to take a pregnancy test to confirm whether or not the suspected student is in fact pregnant . " In cases where a test determines that one of the school 's approximately 700 students is pregnant , "  the student will not be permitted to attend classes on the campus of Delhi Charter School . " Any student suspected of being pregnant who refuses to submit to a pregnancy test "  shall be treated as a pregnant student and will be offered home study opportunities . If home study opportunities are not acceptable , the student will be counseled to seek other educational opportunities , " it said . In a letter sent to school officials , American Civil Liberties Union Executive Director Marjorie R. Esman said the policy "  is based on the archaic and pernicious stereotype that a girl 's pregnancy sets a ` bad example ' for her peers -- i.e. , that in having engaged in sexual activity , she has transgressed acceptable norms of feminine behavior . " News that the policy would be reviewed was welcomed by Louise Melling , director of the ACLU Center for Liberty , who described the policy as "  reminiscent of the '50s . " August 15 is the first day of class .	"  The school has not eliminated its pregnancy policy at this time , " said a school spokesman Details of the revision , which will take effect pending board approval , are not yet clear Broussard said a law firm helped revise the policy to make it compliant with federal law School reserves right "  to require any female student to take a pregnancy test "
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton got her campaign back on track with projected wins in the Texas , Ohio and Rhode Island primaries . Sen. Hillary Clinton claimed victory in Texas , Ohio and Rhode Island . Delegate-rich Texas and Ohio were considered must-wins for her campaign . Obama , who claimed victory in Vermont , had won 12 straight contests since Super Tuesday on February 5 . Texas also held Democratic caucuses Tuesday , but it was too close to declare a winner . "  For everyone here in Ohio and across America who 's been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up -- this one is for you , " Clinton said before supporters in Columbus . "  You know what they say , " she said . "  As Ohio goes , so goes the nation . Well , this nation 's coming back and so is this campaign . " Obama congratulated Clinton on her victories but downplayed his losses . CNN 's political team weighs in on the results " "  We know this : No matter what happens tonight , we have nearly the same delegate lead as we had this morning , and we are on our way to winning this nomination , " Obama told supporters in Texas . Sen. John McCain swept all four Republican contests on Tuesday to become his party 's presumptive nominee . Read about McCain 's victory McCain won primaries in Texas , Ohio , Vermont and Rhode Island , giving him more than the 1,191 delegates needed to clinch the GOP nomination . "  I am very , very grateful and pleased to note that tonight , my friends , we have won enough delegates to claim with confidence , humility and a great sense of responsibility , that I will be the Republican nominee for president of the United States , " McCain told supporters Tuesday night . Watch McCain claim victory " Mike Huckabee dropped out of the Republican race after the results came in . "  It 's now important that we turn our attention not to what could have been or what we wanted to have been , but now what must be -- and that is a united party , " Huckabee told a crowd in Dallas . Watch Huckabee bow out " McCain is slated to go to the White House on Wednesday to receive the endorsement of President Bush , according to two Republican sources . The Arizona senator 's campaign -- his second run for the White House -- was largely written off for dead last summer amid outspoken opposition from the party 's conservative base , a major staff shakeup and disappointing fundraising . But McCain said earlier Tuesday that he was confident he would emerge as the presumptive nominee by the end of the night . McCain overwhelmingly won moderates and conservatives in Ohio , but he lost the evangelical vote to Huckabee , according to exit polls . Obama 's campaign pressed to extend voting by one hour in two Ohio counties . See county-by-county results in Ohio "  Due to reports of ballot shortages in Cuyahoga and Franklin counties , we requested a voting extension in those counties , " said Obama spokesman Bill Burton . A judge ruled to keep parts of Cuyahoga county open an extra hour . In Texas , Clinton held a two-to-one advantage over Obama with Hispanic voters , while Obama had the overwhelming advantage with black voters in the state 's Democratic primary , according to CNN 's exit poll . See county-by-county results in Texas Eighty-three percent of blacks voted for Obama , while 16 percent supported Clinton , according to the exit poll . Meanwhile , 64 percent of Hispanics backed Clinton , while 32 percent went for Obama . Early exit polls indicate a distinct "  age gap " in both states . Obama appealed most strongly to younger voters while older voters favored Clinton . Among Ohio Democratic primary voters aged 17 to 29 , 65 percent went for Obama , and 34 percent went for Clinton . Among those age 60 and older , Clinton led Obama 67-31 percent . The same pattern held true in early exit polling from the Texas Democratic primary . Among voters aged 18 to 29 , Obama led Clinton 61-39 percent , and among voters 60 and older , Clinton led Obama 63 - 36 percent . Poll workers in Collin County , near Dallas , estimated that nearly three-quarters of the Democratic voters would participate in the Democratic caucuses to be held after the polls close . In an unusual system , the 193 delegates that Texas will send to the Democratic National Convention will be split between Obama and Clinton according to the results of both the primary and the caucuses . State party officials say the dual primary/caucus system promotes participation in the party . Both Clinton and Obama have encouraged supporters to do the "  Texas two-step " and vote in both events . Obama came into the day with momentum on his side . He had 1,378 pledged delegates and superdelegates to Clinton 's 1,269 . Neither candidate is close to the 2,025 needed to win the Democratic nomination . Allocate delegates yourself and see how the numbers add up " Former President Bill Clinton said in February that if his wife won Ohio and Texas , she 'd go on to win the nomination . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Rachel Stratfield , Mary Snow , Mark Preston and Sasha Johnson contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton wins in Ohio , Texas , CNN projects NEW : McCain clinches GOP nomination ; Huckabee drops out NEW : Clinton wins Rhode Island ; Obama wins Vermont
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has endorsed same-sex marriage . Will it make any difference to the battle for marriage equality ? The news coming out of North Carolina suggests not . The Tar Heelers on Tuesday voted 61 % to 39 % to amend their constitution to outlaw same-sex marriage . Actually , they 've gone much further . The new amendment prohibits any kind of same-sex unions , including the relatively innocuous option of civil partnership . So radical is the measure that gay rights groups hoped this vote might prove to be a replay of last year 's surprise result in Mississippi , when voters rejected an amendment banning abortions because its language and consequences were considered too extreme . But now we know the limits of the South 's social liberalism : yes to abortions , no to same-sex weddings . There 's a popular myth that social liberalism is unstoppable . But the tide of progress is a myth . Societies have often taken a step forward only to stand perfectly still or even take a couple of steps back . In hindsight , the journey of black civil rights looks like a brisk jog in a straight line , but it was really a winding stumble . The ecstasy of emancipation was followed by the misery of segregation . And although legal segregation was defeated , some would argue that it still continues . The story of women 's rights demonstrates that sometimes social liberalism can politically overreach itself . In the 1970s , feminists seemed to win every battle they fought on abortion , hiring practices or school sports . They believed that ultimate victory would be secured with passage of the Equal Rights Amendment , which would amend the Constitution to outlaw discrimination with regard to sex . Victory seemed assured . The ERA sailed through Congress in 1972 and was endorsed by President Richard Nixon . It required the ratification of 38 states to pass , and by the end of 1973 it had 30 . But then the ERA faced the same problem that same-sex marriage faces today : the sustained assault of America 's social conservatives . The right saw the ERA as an assault on the traditional family . They feared it would force women to work in heavy labor or fight in the Army , and many worried that it could even lead to same-sex marriage . As conservatives poured dollars into stopping ratification , more and more states either refused to ratify or rescinded . The ERA hit a geographic boundary in the South and could go no further . Failing to reach its 38 ratifications , it faded away . News : Obama supports same-sex marriage It was n't just the money that killed the ERA ; supporters often outspent opponents . The amendment failed because the right turned it into a "  line in the sand " issue , a matter on which Americans could say that they were happy for society to progress this far but no further . The same goes for same-sex marriage . It 's true that growing numbers of Americans say they support marriage equality , but then everyone lies to police officers , priests and pollsters . In every state that has held a popular vote on same-sex marriage , it has been defeated  that even includes Maine  . Take a look at a map of where it has been passed by state legislatures and you 'll see that it 's limited to the bits of the country that overwhelmingly vote Democratic . Crucially , while America is trending Democratic in demographic terms -- as the nonwhite proportion of the population increases -- this does n't translate into growing support for gay rights . On the contrary , the energy behind the amendment in North Carolina came from African-American churches , many of them deeply offended by the comparison between the struggle for emancipation and the campaign for same-sex marriage . Likewise , Obama 's victory in 2008 drew to the polls the same African-Americans and Latinos who simultaneously voted for Proposition 8 in California , outlawing same-sex marriage in the state . Opinion : In GOP , support for same-sex marriage is growing Increasingly , gay rights is n't a partisan issue ; the battle lines are drawn by class rather than political allegiance . For middle-class whites , supporting same-sex marriage is a test of tolerance that , coincidentally , distances them from the fundamentalist rabble who live down the street . For many African-Americans , Latinos and poor whites , it 's a matter of faith vs. Hollywood values . Given how controversial it is , same-sex marriage could go the way of the ERA -- a reform too far , joining the long list of Democratic , election-time promises that no one ever expects to see realized . And given that he offers no new policies on the subject  he ca n't : It 's a classic states rights issue  , Obama 's endorsement is little more than kind words . They are brave words in that seven out of the nine swing states he 's contesting in November have constitutional amendments outlawing same-sex marriage -- most of them passed by popular referenda . "  The folks , " as Bill O'Reilly calls middle America , do n't like it . Does the futility of Obama 's gesture , or the problems faced by same-sex marriage , mean it 's game over for gay rights ? Not at all . The failure of the ERA did not retard women 's rights in any significant way . While the failure of same-sex marriage might have legal consequences for couples , it does n't mean that the Westboro Baptist Church has won . On the contrary , Vice President Joe Biden accidentally got something right on Sunday when he said that American attitudes toward sexuality had been forever altered by the TV sitcom "  Will and Grace . " On a cultural level , homosexuality is now a fact of life in modern America . People work with gays and lesbians , have them in their family , sit next to them in church , and , most importantly of all , see them on television . That degree of acculturation can never be undone , even by the ballot box . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley	Tim Stanley : The N.C. vote to ban same-sex marriage goes far , includes civil partnerships He says socially liberal initiatives often move slowly -- the Equal Rights Amendment , for example He says ERA became a line in the sand for the right ; too few states ended up supporting it Stanley : Black , Latino opposition does n't help the same-sex marriage issue
The Keystone XL pipeline represents a big step toward true North American energy independence , reducing our reliance on Middle Eastern oil and increasing our access to energy from our own nation and our closest ally , Canada , along with some oil from Mexico -- to 75 % of our daily consumption , compared with 70 % now . That decades-long goal for our country is finally within reach , but we need to stay focused on the big picture , and we need to act . This $ 7 billion , 1,700-mile , high-tech transcontinental pipeline is a big-time , private-sector job creator , and it will also hold down the gas prices for consumers and reduce our energy dependence on an unstable part of the world . Finally , it will do so with good environmental stewardship . That 's why I , along with 44 of my colleagues from across the nation , introduced new legislation to move the project toward approval and construction after President Barack Obama 's rejection of the project last month . Another view : Ted Turner on the case against the Keystone XL pipeline The Hoeven-Lugar-Vitter amendment to the highway funding bill , which we are now working to pass , authorizes TransCanada to construct and operate the Keystone XL pipeline from Alberta , Canada , to the Midwest and Gulf Coast , transporting an additional 830,000 barrels of oil per day to U.S. refineries . This includes 100,000 barrels of crude oil a day from the Bakken region of North Dakota and Montana . That 's key to my state , because providing pipeline capacity and gathering systems for that much North Dakota crude will take as many as 500 trucks a day off of roads in the oil patch . That 's a win-win for producers , state revenues and most importantly , public safety on our Western highways . The Keystone XL project is good for North Dakota , but it is vital for the nation . Some 75 % of the pipe for the Keystone XL pipeline will be made here in North America , 50 % of it in Arkansas . Some 90 % of all other construction materials will come from companies in the United States and Canada . From an environmental perspective , the project has been under review since September 2008 , more than three years , and the State Department 's environmental review , completed in August 2011 , found "  no significant impacts on most resources " providing environmental restrictions are met . Further , our new legislation includes all federal and state safeguards and sets no time limit on Nebraska 's ability to further review the pipeline 's route through the state , the only portion of the route in contention . Additionally , 80 % of the new Canadian oil sands development is being developed "  in situ , " meaning , it has a similar carbon footprint and emissions as conventional oil wells . If the Keystone XL pipeline is n't built , Canadian oil will still be produced -- 700,000 barrels a day of it -- but instead of coming down to our refineries in the United States , instead of creating jobs for American workers , instead of reducing our dependence on a turbulent part of the world , that oil will be shipped to China . It will have to be carried there on large oil tankers , creating more carbon emissions , and it will be processed at facilities with weaker environmental safeguards . Finally , it 's important to point out that the Keystone XL pipeline is nothing new . Thousands of pipelines crisscross our nation , delivering refined products to fuel our cars , heat our homes and power our industries . In fact , the original Keystone pipeline , which became operational in 2010 , runs from Alberta through my state of North Dakota . Contrary to claims by critics , the pipeline itself has never leaked . The leaks happened at fittings and seals at above-ground pumping stations , which were properly and promptly fixed . I have worked toward approval of the Keystone XL pipeline , first as governor of North Dakota and now as a U.S. senator , because I believe it helps our nation on so many levels . It is just the kind of project that will grow our economy and create jobs in the right way -- through private-sector investment . The Keystone XL pipeline will also help to wean us from our dependency on oil from volatile regions of the world and help us move toward a true energy independent future . It will make our nation safer and stronger for the American people . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook	Keystone XL pipeline would take crude oil from Canada through Midwest to Gulf Coast John Hoeven : It will create jobs , help lead to North American energy independence Hoeven-Lugar-Vitter amendment would allow TransCanada to build the pipeline State Department reports it will have little environmental impact , Hoeven writes
CNN  Computer hacking was once the realm of curious teenagers . It 's now the arena of government spies , professional thieves and soldiers of fortune . Today , it 's all about the money . That 's why Chinese hackers broke into Lockheed Martin and stole the blueprints to the trillion-dollar F-35 fighter jet . It 's also why Russian hackers have sneaked into Western oil and gas companies for years . The stakes are higher , too . In 2010 , hackers slipped a "  digital bomb " into the Nasdaq that nearly sabotaged the stock market . In 2012 , Iran ruined 30,000 computers at Saudi oil producer Aramco . And think of the immense  and yet undisclosed  damage from North Korea 's cyberattack on Sony Pictures last year . Computers were destroyed , executives ' embarrassing emails were exposed , and the entire movie studio was thrown into chaos . It was n't always this way . Hacking actually has some pretty innocent and harmless beginnings . The whole concept of "  hacking " sprouted from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology nearly 50 years ago . Computer science students there borrowed the term from a group of model train enthusiasts who "  hacked " electric train tracks and switches in 1969 to improve performance . These new hackers were already figuring out how to alter computer software and hardware to speed it up , even as the scientists at AT&T Bell Labs were developing UNIX , one of the world 's first major operating systems . Hacking became the art of figuring out unique solutions . It takes an insatiable curiosity about how things work ; hackers wanted to make technology work better , or differently . They were not inherently good or bad , just clever . In that sense , the first generation of true hackers were "  phreakers , " a bunch of American punks who toyed with the nation 's telephone system . In 1971 , they discovered that if you whistle at a certain high-pitched tone , 2600-hertz , you could access AT&T 's long-distance switching system . They would make international phone calls , just for the fun of it , to explore how the telephone network was set up . This was low-fi stuff . The most famous phreaker , John Draper  aka "  Cap'n Crunch  earned his nickname because he realized the toy whistle given away in cereal boxes emitted just the right tone . This trained engineer took that concept to the next level by building a custom "  blue box " to make those free calls . This surreptitious little box was such a novel idea that young engineers Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs started building and selling it themselves . These are the guys who would later go on to start Apple . Wire fraud spiked , and the FBI cracked down on phreakers and their blue boxes . The laws did n't quite fit , though . Kids were charged with making harassing phone calls and the like . But federal agents could n't halt this phenomenon . A tech-savvy , inquisitive and slightly anti-authoritarian community had been born . The next generation came in the early 1980s , as people bought personal computers for their homes and hooked them up to the telephone network . The Web was n't yet alive , but computers could still talk to one another . This was the golden age of hacking . These curious kids tapped into whatever computer system they could find just to explore . Some broke into computer networks at companies . Others told printers at hospitals hundreds of miles away to just spit out paper . And the first digital hangouts came into being . Hackers met on text-only bulletin board systems to talk about phreaking , share computer passwords and tips . The 1983 movie "  War Games " depicted this very thing , only the implications were disastrous . In it , a teenager in Washington state accidentally taps into a military computer and nearly brings the world to nuclear war . It 's no surprise , then , that the FBI was on high alert that year , and arrested six teenagers in Milwaukee -- who called themselves the 414s , after their area code -- when they tapped into the Los Alamos National Laboratory , a nuclear weapon research facility . Nationwide fears led the U.S. Congress to pass the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act in 1986 . Breaking into computer systems was now a crime of its own . The damage of hacking started getting more serious , too . In 1988 , the government 's ARPAnet , the earliest version of the Internet , got jammed when a Cornell University graduate student , curious about the network 's size , created a self-replicating software worm that multiplied too quickly . The next year , a few German hackers working for the Russian KGB were caught breaking into the Pentagon . In 1990 , hacker Kevin Poulsen rigged a Los Angeles radio station 's phone system to win a Porsche , only to be arrested afterward . The cat-and-mouse game between law enforcement and hackers continued throughout the 1990s . Some hacked for money . Russian mathematician Vladimir Levin was caught stealing $ 10 million from Citibank . Others did it for revenge . Tim Lloyd wiped the computers at Omega Engineering in New Jersey after he was fired . But hacks were still more of an annoyance than anything devastating , though it was quickly becoming apparent that the potential was there . The stock market , hospitals , credit card transactions -- everything was running on computers now . There was a bone-chilling moment when a ragtag group of hackers calling themselves L0pht testified before Congress in 1998 and said they could shut down the Internet in 30 minutes . The danger was suddenly more real than ever . The ethos was starting to change , too . Previously , hackers broke into computers and networks because they were curious and those tools were inaccessible . The Web changed that , putting all that stuff at everyone 's fingertips . Money became the driving force behind hacks , said C. Thomas , a member of L0pht who is known internationally as the hacker "  Space Rogue . " An unpatched bug in Windows could let a hacker enter a bank , or a foreign government office . Mafias and governments were willing to pay top dollar for this entry point . A totally different kind of black market started to grow . The best proof came in 2003 , when Microsoft started offering a $ 5 million bounty on hackers attacking Windows . "  It 's no longer a quest for information and knowledge by exploring networks . It 's about dollars , " Thomas said . "  Researchers are no longer motivated to get stuff fixed . Now , they say , ` I 'm going to go looking for bugs to get a paycheck - and sell this bug to a government . ' " Loosely affiliated amateurs were replaced by well-paid , trained professionals . By the mid-2000s , hacking belonged to organized crime , governments and hacktivists . First , crime : Hackers around the world wrote malicious software  malware  to hijack tens of thousands of computers , using their processing power to generate spam . They wrote banking trojans to steal website login credentials . Hacking payment systems turned out to be insanely lucrative , too . Albert Gonzalez 's theft of 94 million credit cards from the company TJX in 2007 proved to be a precursor to later retailer data breaches , like Target , Home Depot and many more . Then there 's government . When the United States wanted to sabotage the Iranian nuclear program in 2009 , it hacked a development facility and unleashed the most dangerous computer virus the world has ever seen . Stuxnet caused the Iranian lab computers to spin centrifuges out of control . This was unprecedented : a digital strike with extreme physical consequences . Similarly , there 's proof that Russia used hackers to coordinate its attack on Georgia during a five-day war in 2008 , taking out key news and government websites as tanks rolled into those specific cities . Then there are hacktivists . The populist group Anonymous hacks into police departments to expose officer brutality and floods banks with garbage Internet traffic . A vigilante known as "  The Jester " takes down Islamic jihadist websites . What exists now is a tricky world . The White House gets hacked . Was it the Russian government or Russian nationalists acting on their own ? Or freelance agents paid by the government ? In the digital realm , attribution is extremely difficult . Meanwhile , it 's easier than ever to become a hacker . Digital weapons go for mere dollars on easily accessible black markets online . Anonymity is a few clicks away with the right software . And there are high-paying jobs in defending companies like Google or JPMorgan Chase -- or attacking them . As a result , law enforcement tolerance for hacking has fallen to zero . In 1999 , the hacker Space Rogue exposed how FAO Schwarz 's website was leaking consumer email addresses and forced the company to fix it . He was cheered . When Andrew Auernheimer  known as "  weev "  did the same thing to AT&T in 2010 , he spent more than a year in prison until his case was overturned on a technicality . The days of mere curiosity are over .	The concept of "  hacking " began nearly 50 years ago at MIT In the '80s , hackers wanted to make technology work better The story of '80s teen hackers busted by the FBI is featured on cnn.com/shortfilms
CNN  The expulsions of two students by the University of Oklahoma for their role in a racist chant will likely not be the last word on the scandal . The Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity members can appeal the decision . More students might be expelled . And beyond the immediate issues around the now infamous incident , the university could experience a trickle-down impact for months , maybe years to come . Writing to the two students Tuesday , just two days after a video of frat members singing the racist song surfaced , OU President David Boren said they were being booted for "  leading a racist and exclusionary chant which has created a hostile educational environment for others . " They were given until close of business Friday to contest the decision . No word yet on whether either will . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said she believes there will be a constitutional challenge to the expulsions . "  It 's sort of one of the first things you learn in law school ... you may disapprove of what someone says but you still defend their right to say it , " she said . Hostin added : "  I think there 'll be the arguments that these students were students , and that in our educational systems we want people to have , maybe , even a heightened level of freedom of speech . " Also unknown at this point is whether other students who appear in the video will be expelled or otherwise punished . Already , the Greek letters sigma , alpha and epsilon have been removed from the frat house 's facade , the house will be closed as of midnight Tuesday and the university will board up the windows , following up on separate decisions by the university and the SAE national headquarters to shutter the Oklahoma chapter , Boren said . Sigma Alpha Epsilon is no stranger to scandal and sanctions But he seemed to say that individual punishments could be a bit trickier . "  Well , legally , our concern is we have to demonstrate exactly how the educational experience of our students was threatened or disrupted by their actions , " Boren said , "  and it really has to focus on the students on the bus . Did the other students have their educational experience disrupted ? " While he unwaveringly declared "  there is no room for racists and bigots " at his university , the very thing that could keep the SAE fraternity brothers Oklahoma Sooners is Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 . The law "  prohibits discrimination on the basis of race , color and national origin in programs and activities receiving federal financial assistance , " but it also provides the parameters for determining if someone is violating the federal law , Boren said . Any punishment must be "  carefully directed " if it 's to pass constitutional muster , although he made it clear he hopes some of the students involved wo n't wait for legal issues to be sorted out . "  I think some of the students themselves may take themselves off the campus , and I hope they do because this is not a place that wants racists , " he said . So far , no students have dropped out -- voluntarily -- but the video has cost the university 's football team a top recruit as offensive lineman Jean Delance said Monday he was de-committing from the Sooners and considering other teams . It 's an issue that Ber Thaddeus Bailey , director of diversity , OU student government , worries about . "  I am concerned about the trickle-down effect from this incident , " he said . "  I do want to encourage those who are considering the University of Oklahoma that this is a great place to study , and we are going to continue to progress . " CNN 's Chris Cuomo contributed to this report .	The University of Oklahoma president says chant created a "  hostile educational environment " Two students are expelled ; they have until Friday to appeal
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A new generation of deep-sea submarines light enough to launch from a yacht could open up the ocean 's depths to amateur explorers . The planned "  Deep Flight II " -- shown here in an artist 's impression -- should be able to dive to 37,000 ft. The "  Deep Flight " winged submersibles are experimental prototypes designed to dive to depths of up to 37,000 ft -- almost four times as deep as a giant squid dives -- descending at 400 ft/minute . They are the brainchild of submarine designer Graham Hawkes who is in the process of building commercial models that can reach those depths . Hawkes has been designing submarines since the 1960s , working initially with the British Special Forces and then for the oil industry . He now sells his designs to wealthy sailboat owners as the ultimate yacht accessory . "  If you have the money for a mega-yacht and you 're just limited to the surface , then what a waste . That 's my perspective , " Hawkes told CNN in a telephone interview . The late billionaire balloonist and adventurer , Steve Fossett , commissioned one of Hawkes ' experimental prototypes , "  Deep Flight Challenger , " which can dive to 37,000 ft. The craft was four weeks away from delivery when he died . Venture capitalist Tom Perkins has ordered one of Hawkes ' first commercially-available models , "  Deep Flight Superfalcon " for his yacht "  Maltese Falcon . " The $ 1.5 million sub is capable of diving to 1,000 ft and comes complete with air conditioning . While price means these craft are out of reach for most leisure users , Hawkes denies they are simply rich men 's toys . "  The thing is a space ship , I do n't like the term toy , " said Hawkes of the subs which his company is also positioning as a cheaper alternative to research craft for science , industry and exploration . " ` Superfalcon ' has a capability greater than the U.S. Navy . "  I personally very much like the idea of empowering individuals to explore . " Unlike conventional subs which get heavy and sink , Hawkes ' designs are positively buoyant and have to power down into the depths : "  It 's like an airplane in reverse . " They have life support good for 24 hours in the depths and a range of 10-20 miles . They are also quick and highly maneuverable . Hawkes , who describes himself as claustrophobic , says diving deep in one of his subs is an "  awe inspiring experience . " "  We just finished flight testing ` Superfalcon . It goes down vertical and you pull one gee when you make a turn , " he said . Paul Willis contributed to this report .	Deep-sea sub that can dive to 37,000 ft is light enough to launch from a yacht Brainchild of designer Graham Hawkes who is in process of producing first craft "  Deep Flight II " has no price tag yet but current sub "  Superfalcon " cost $ 1.5 million Hawkes : Superfalcon has a capability greater than the U.S. Navy
Washington  CNN  -- The glitch-plagued rollout of President Barack Obama 's signature health care law has been dogged by one big question : How many people have enrolled in an insurance plan ? The White House refuses to release the numbers , leading many to assume they are embarrassingly low . But insurance industry insiders point to another reason : Nobody knows if the numbers they do have are even accurate . Turns out , some insurance companies say they are receiving data from the administration that is incomplete , duplicative or contradictory , making it difficult to get an accurate count of new enrollment . Opinion : Why healthcare.gov has so many problems So far , most of the attention has focused on people being unable to sign up for coverage through online health care exchanges . But even when customers manage to make it through the enrollment process , glitches persist . "  The administration is not wrong in saying that there 's been a lot of problems with signing up . But it 's incorrect to say that 's the only problem , " an insurance industry official said . "  That 's not the only issue at hand . " Industry officials who were contacted requested anonymity to speak candidly because of the superheated politics surrounding Obamacare . Opinion : Will glitches derail Obamacare ? The sign-up process works this way : A person sets up an online account , verifies an identity , applies for coverage and subsidies and , if eligible , shops and enrolls for a plan . Once completed , information is sent to the insurance plans selected by the user . At 6 p.m. each day , the government sends the latest batch of new enrollees to insurance companies . But sometimes that data come with conflicting information , showing for instance , someone who enrolled and then canceled a plan , said an insurance industry executive . Other times data come in without a time stamp , making it difficult to track , the executive said . Adding to the confusion , the executive said , is that people are not officially enrolled in a plan until they pay their first premiums , which are not due until December 15 . That means shoppers have about two months to cancel or switch plans before making a final decision of whether or not to enroll . Success on day 14 of Obamacare website An administration official did not dispute there have been problems with data sent by the government to insurers . "  We know that people are enrolling in coverage and the system works . As individual problems are raised by insurers , we work aggressively to address them , " said Joanne Peters , a spokeswoman for the Department of Health and Human Services . An HHS official said enrollment numbers will likely be released in mid-November , giving officials time to verify their accuracy . Former Obama press secretary Robert Gibbs had harsh words for the administration , saying the October 1 rollout was "  bungled badly . " "  I hope they 're working day and night to get this done , and when they get it fixed , I hope they fire some people that were in charge of making sure this thing was supposed to work , " Gibbs said Monday on MSNBC . ` Cumbersome , glitchy ' system So far , the buzz in the insurance industry is that enrollment numbers are falling short of projections . One insurance company executive put it this way , "  The numbers are n't as bad as the doomsday people would say . But so far , they 're low and they have people worried . "	White House has n't released numbers on enrollment , leading many to assume it 's low Most of attention has focused on difficulties in signing up online for health care exchanges HHS spokeswoman : Administration working aggressively to correct problems for insurers Official says enrollment numbers are likely to be released in mid-November
CNN  -- Officials have uncovered a common grave in Paraguay that contained at least two bodies of victims believed tortured and killed under former strongman Alfredo Stroessner , authorities said . Human remains are discovered Thursday in an Asuncion , Paraguay , neighborhood . Speaking at the grave site Thursday , President Fernando Lugo called it the remnants of a "  painful period " in Paraguay 's history . Stroessner held power from 1954-89 and was known as a brutal dictator whose regime tortured and killed hundreds of government opponents . The bodies were found in Tacumbu , a neighborhood in Paraguay 's capital city , Asuncion .	Grave found in Paraguay with bodies believed tortured under former regime President Fernando Lugo calls site remnants of "  painful period " in Paraguay 's history Former strongman Alfredo Stroessner known as brutal dictator from 1954-89
The Senate blocked a measure Tuesday that would have authorized construction of the Keystone XL pipeline as Democrats chose their pro-environment base over an old friend -- embattled Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu . The vote could just be a speedbump for the Keystone project , with Republicans ready to try again -- with much better odds of success -- once they take control of the Senate in January . "  This will be an early item on the agenda in the next Congress , " incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said after Tuesday night 's vote . But it 's a sharp blow to Landrieu , who had based much of her campaign for re-election in a December runoff on the argument that she could deliver results . For days she had insisted that she had the 60 supporters necessary to cross a key procedural threshold , only to fall one vote shy on Tuesday night . "  This is for Americans , for American jobs , to build an American middle class , and it will create 40,000 immediate jobs , " Landrieu said on the Senate floor ahead of the vote . "  If the people of this Congress have n't noticed , there 's a long unemployment line in some parts of this country . " The vote served as a preview of the confrontations that lie ahead in Washington . President Barack Obama is on track to overhaul immigration rules on his own by the end of the year -- a move that is pushing some conservatives to consider shutting down the government in retaliation . And as soon as the new Republican Congress is sworn in next year , Keystone will be back on the agenda , along with efforts to curtail Obamacare , raising the prospect of Obama issuing a series of vetoes . But for all the battles that lie ahead , Tuesday 's vote was really about local politics . Louisiana 's Senate race is headed for a Dec. 6 runoff election , and Landrieu -- currently the Senate Energy and Natural Resources chairwoman -- saw the pipeline as a final chance to demonstrate her clout to voters in an energy-rich state . Republicans responded by guaranteeing her opponent , Rep. Bill Cassidy , a seat on the energy committee . The House GOP also had him sponsor their own Keystone authorization bill , which was approved Friday on a 252-161 vote . Cassidy rubbed salt in Landrieu 's wound Tuesday , with his spokesman saying the vote was "  perfect snapshot of her time as chair of the Energy Committee -- a failure . " Right now , the decision on whether to approve the Canada-to-Texas pipeline is in the hands of the State Department . Obama has said repeatedly in recent days that he wants Congress to stay out of it and leave it to State to finish its review of -- among other factors -- whether the pipeline would contribute to carbon pollution the could cause climate change . "  There is a process underway and the president is confident that that process will carefully evaluate the consequences of this specific proposal and that that 's the proper way for a decision like this to be made , " White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Tuesday . Six years into that review , though , lawmakers have grown impatient . "  This process has not worked . This process has not brought this project some sort of finality -- yes or no ? " North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp , one of the pipeline 's most outspoken Democratic supporters , said on the Senate floor Tuesday . Liberal Senate Democrats like California 's Barbara Boxer railed against the pipeline Tuesday , arguing that the environmental harm it could cause far outweighs the potential economic gains . Boxer pointed to potential health risks of laying the pipeline , including heart disease , increased hospitalization , and a higher prevalence of chemicals that "  penetrate deeply into the lungs . " "  The facts are the facts are the facts , " she said . "  If you 're not a scientist then be humble and listen to the peer-reviewed scientists . They do n't have a special interest . They have an interest in giving us information we should base our decisions upon . " Boxer also referred to the project as the "  Keystone Extra Lethal Pipeline . " The Keystone debate on Tuesday pitted traditional Democratic allies against each other . Many of the Democratic no votes were longtime friends and supporters of Landrieu who had contributed tens of thousands to her campaign . Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California , Chris Coons of Delaware and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota all contributed $ 7,000 or more to her campaign , and all opposed passage of the bill . In the lead-up to Tuesday night 's vote , the big question was whether Landrieu could find the 60 supporters necessary to clear a key procedural threshold . In addition to the chamber 's 45 Republicans , all of whom were expected to support the bill , Landrieu was joined by 10 more Democratic co-sponsors : Alaska Sen. Mark Begich , Arkansas Sen. Mark Pryor , Indiana Sen. Joe Donnelly , Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill , Montana Sen. Jon Tester , Montana Sen. John Walsh , North Carolina Sen. Kay Hagan , North Dakota Sen. Heidi Heitkamp , Virginia Sen. Mark Warner and West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin . Three more Democrats had pledged last week to support the measure : Colorado Sen. Michael Bennet , Delaware Sen. Tom Carper and Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey . That left her one vote short -- and her options looked limited . West Virginia Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller said Monday night that he was a no vote . Maine Sen. Angus King , an independent who caucuses with the Democrats , said Tuesday that he would n't support it . "  Congress is not -- nor should it be -- in the business of legislating the approval or disapproval of a construction project , " King said in a statement . After the vote , five anti-Keystone protestors in the Senate gallery interrupted with chants and cheers . They were removed by police -- and the Senate moved on without a speech that had been expected from Landrieu .	Senate blocks Keystone bill Vote previews battle that lies ahead between Congress , Obama Landrieu : ` This is for Americans , for American jobs '
CNN  -- What happened in Yangon 's University Avenue as the light began to fade last Saturday took many serious Myanmar watchers by surprise . Not only was Aung San Suu Kyi released from house arrest at the very point the military regime 's containment order expired , but within a very short space of time some tens of thousands of her supporters had gathered at her gates , among them many young people who had had no exposure to her before . Any idea that Suu Kyi , a Nobel peace laureate , has been successfully sidelined in Burmese politics by her uniformed oppressors evaporated . Even so , harping on the occasion as a "  Mandela moment . " the international media provided a distorted picture . With some deft camera work and biased reporting it would be perfectly possible to sell a lie , say , that everyone in the United Kingdom is a Manchester United football fan . Not true , of course , just as any suggestion that the whole of the Burmese people , except for the senior military , is squarely behind Aung San Suu Kyi would be a misrepresentation . There are those doing quite nicely under the regime , thank you very much , there are ethnic minority members whose principal dream is autonomy , not national democracy , and there are those with little or no interest in politics . Ms. Suu Kyi is not about to assume the reins of government . Even so , it has become obvious that , politically , Aung San Suu Kyi does still command perhaps a greater following inside Myanmar than any other person or entity , whatever the outcome of the sham elections conducted a week earlier . So the question is , what will she do with such momentum behind her ? The only certainty is she must tread carefully . While rebuilding her badly fractured party , the National League for Democracy , may seem a priority , how she goes about it could decide whether or not she remains at liberty . Any idea that the State Peace and Development Council  the military junta 's formal title  is running out of steam is misbegotten . Senior General Than Shwe and his colleagues have , over the last few years , expended enormous energy shoring up their position -- promulgating a new constitution and choreographing the first elections in 20 years as well as building themselves a brand new and secure capital at Naypyidaw . The generals and the generals alone hold all the actual power . Should Aung San Suu Kyi resume where she left off in 2003 and campaign against the regime , addressing mass rallies up and down the country , then the generals ' patience will snap , and the gates of her lakeside villa will once again be locked . Or something worse could occur . Conversely , if Aung San Suu Kyi , once she has recuperated her physical strength , does not return to the hustings , then that would seem to some like moral cowardice , as she would be the first to admit . There is perhaps another way . To remain at liberty and to stand any chance of effecting real change within Myanmar  something she has singularly failed to do thus far  , Aung San Suu Kyi might be well advised to step back from the cut-and-thrust of daily politics and begin taking on the role of eminence grise , for which her personality is well suited . Let others rebuild the NLD  if such is to be permitted  while she operates as an intermediary between all the parties concerned , including the "  international community " and the junta itself . Critics of this view will say that while Suu Kyi has always sought dialogue with the generals , they have never wanted to talk to her . But I suspect there may have been a meaningful sea change . Everything revolves around the trade sanctions imposed on Myanmar by the United States and the European Union  including Britain , the former colonial power  . Sanctions have failed , driving the junta into the arms of China . The generals , however , would rather be beholden to no one at all , East or West , and they will be aware that Aung San Suu Kyi has revised her opinions , to the chagrin of some activists . Whereas when sanctions were introduced in the 1990s she countenanced them , now it seems , from recent statements she has made , she has swung to the view that sanctions hurt the ordinary people of Myanmar far more than their rulers . Could it be that the room for maneuvering improbably extended to Suu Kyi at the present time is tied to this ? If anyone could persuade the West to drop sanctions , then that person is Aung San Suu Kyi . And , on the premise that politics follow economics , that would be good news indeed . A more prosperous Myanmar achieved through inward investment and all the values that come with that could also be a Myanmar where actual social and political change finally becomes a possibility . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Justin Wintle .	Justin Wintle says excitement over Aung San Suu Kyi release shows her political potency The military junta likely will limit her , he says , but she can use her sway to influence change He says she should step back from activist politics and help broker end to sanctions Wintle : Her help in ending sanctions could foster climate for real political change
CNN  -- Five people were killed in a boating accident near Jacksonville , Florida , on Sunday evening , a rescue official said . CNN affiliate WJXT shows the scene of the deadly boating accident near Jacksonville , Florida , on Sunday . Twelve people were aboard the boat that crashed into 25-foot tugboat and barge at a dock and boat launch under construction on the Intracoastal Waterway in Palm Valley , said Jeremy Robshaw , a spokesman for St. Johns County Fire and Rescue . The remaining seven were hospitalized for serious injuries , he said . The accident happened about 7 p.m. about 20 miles southeast of downtown Jacksonville . Robshaw said rescuers could n't initially reach the end of the unfinished dock , but laid plywood sheets on the structure to get to crash victims .	Rescue official : 12 people were aboard the boat near Jacksonville , Florida Boat crashed into tugboat , barge and dock under construction Five people killed ; remaining seven take to hospital with serious injuries Rescuers had to use plywood panels to reach the passengers
The horrifying crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 has put the pro-Russia rebels operating in Ukraine 's eastern regions center stage -- and raised all kinds of questions about who they are , what they want and who 's in charge . U.S. and other officials have said it appears the plane was shot down by a sophisticated surface-to-air missile located within rebel-held territory . The rebels have repeatedly denied responsibility and instead point the finger at Ukraine 's armed forces . Where are the rebels ? The rebels are pro-Russia militants concentrated in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk , with the industrial city of Donetsk a particular stronghold . Recent gains by Ukrainian armed forces have seen the territory controlled by the rebels contract . But the rural area where MH17 crashed to earth July 17 remains under the rebels ' sway . The various rebel groups operating across the region do not appear to have a strong central command . When did they first appear on the scene ? After popular protests toppled Ukraine 's pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych from power in February , pro-Russia rebels first appeared in Ukraine 's Crimea region , where they seized key infrastructure . The region was subsequently annexed by Russia . Unrest then broke out in eastern Ukraine , a heartland of support for Yanukovych , where many people speak Russian and feel closer ties to Moscow than to Kiev . Rebel leaders in Luhansk and Donetsk seized key government buildings and declared themselves the heads of the People 's Republics of Donetsk and Luhansk . In May , a referendum was held in each region on secession from Ukraine . Who are the main rebel leaders ? Alexander Borodai , a Russian citizen , was appointed prime minister of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic and has been a prominent public face for the rebels . He 's the rebel leader who after speaking with Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak agreed that the plane 's flight data recorders would be handed over . According to Andrew Kuchins , a Russia expert at the Washington-based Center for Strategic and International Studies , there are rumors Borodai is a Russian intelligence officer who has reached the rank of general in the FSB , the successor to the KGB . "  Borodai himself has denied  the rumors  , but I would say that given his trips back and forth to Moscow , he has certainly been consulting with parts of Russian intelligence over the past couple of months , " he said . In an interview with CNN 's Chris Cuomo , Borodai denied any responsibility for the downing of MH17 . Another name that crops up frequently is that of Igor Girkin , also known as Igor Strelkov , the self-proclaimed defense minister for the people 's republic . According to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , Strelkov on July 17 "  posted a social media report bragging about the shoot-down of a transport plane -- at which point when it became clear it was civilian , they pulled down that particular report . " Also a Russian , Strelkov was a military commander in the rebel redoubt of Slovyansk before it was retaken by Ukrainian forces , later reappearing in Donetsk city . He was also present in Crimea at the time of its annexation . Added to an EU sanctions list in April , he was described as being on the staff of the Russian military 's main Intelligence Directorate . What is the rebels ' response to the claim they shot down MH17 ? After three months or more of bitter fighting against the Ukrainian authorities , the rebels are disinclined to believe anything they hear from Kiev or the West , says freelance journalist Noah Sneider in Ukraine . They deny shooting down MH17 and many instead claim it is a provocation conjured up by the Ukrainian authorities in Kiev , he said . Many of them claim they do n't have the equipment to have hit the plane . "  Anything that 's released by the current authorities in Kiev is seen in rebel eyes as fabricated , as intended to -- essentially to draw NATO into Ukraine , " Sneider said . Asked about the growing weight of evidence gathered by Washington and Kiev , such as social media postings and phone intercepts , Borodai told CNN it was fake . "  It is very simple to disprove it . All of the information that comes through the Internet , in my opinion , is practically all lies , " he said . Would the rebels have been able to shoot down the plane ? Russia denies claims by Kiev and the West that it has provided training , heavy weaponry and logistical support to the rebels . It also dismisses any direct involvement of Russian forces in Ukraine . In recent weeks , rebel forces have brought down a number of Ukrainian military aircraft in the eastern regions , including two Antonov AN-26 transport planes , several Mi-8 and Mi-24 helicopters , an Su-25 fighter jet and an Ilyushin IL-76 cargo plane . However , Ukrainian and U.S. officials believe Russian expertise would have been needed to operate the SA-11 , or Buk , antiaircraft system that seems increasingly likely to have been used to shoot down MH17 . Vitaly Nayda , Ukraine 's director of informational security , told CNN that he is certain a Russian officer personally pushed the button to shoot down the plane . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , who has reported extensively from Ukraine and met many of the rebel fighters , said it was hard to say if any of them had the specialist training needed to operate the Buk system . "  The people we 've met , the militia , they 're ragtag , a lot of them have old military experience , and that 's mostly ground , street-to-street fighting , rather than the technological stuff you need to know to run something like that . " A lot of heavy weaponry has flooded in during the past few weeks , said Paton Walsh . "  But the majority of video you see of separatist armor and weapons , lighter artillery , even Grad rocket launchers sometimes , are nothing of the scale of the Buk . " What weapons do the rebels have ? The military aircraft brought down by the rebels were flying at relatively low altitudes and were for the most part brought down by shoulder-launched SA-7 missiles and ZU 23-2 anti-aircraft guns . Such weapons were seized when pro-Russian rebels took control of several Ukrainian military depots and bases . But those weapons are a world away from the Buk system , effective at a higher altitude , at which the Malaysia Airlines plane was flying . Peter Felstead , an expert on former Soviet military hardware at IHS Jane 's , says that "  the Buk is in both the Russian and Ukrainian inventories , but it 's unclear whether the one suspected in the shoot-down was taken by rebels when they overran a Ukrainian base , or was supplied by Russia . " Video posted by Ukraine 's Interior Ministry on its Facebook page shows a Buk system , according to the Ukrainian officials , heading toward Russia , with one missile missing . Borodai told CNN that the rebels had never been in control of a single Buk missile system . What does Russia say ? Russia insists it has no direct influence over the separatists . Russian President Vladimir Putin has also been consistent in his denials of any Russian involvement in the bringing down of MH17 . "  No one should have the right to use this tragedy to achieve selfish political objectives , " he said . Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Russia wanted to see an objective , open and independent investigation , adding that Ukraine must take the initiative since the tragedy occurred on its territory . "  With regard to the claims raised by Kiev , that it was almost us who did it : in fact I have n't heard any truthful statements from Kiev over the past few months , " he told state TV channel Russia 24 . Russian state media reports have sought to suggest that Ukraine 's own armed forces may have been involved in bringing down MH17 . Vitaly Churkin , Russia 's ambassador to the United Nations , also blamed Ukraine for the crash in remarks Monday . But when asked about audio recordings of purported pro-Russia separatists talking about shooting down a plane , he suggested that if they did , it was an accident . "  According to them , the people from the east were saying that they shot down a military jet , " he said . "  If they think they shot down a military jet , it was confusion . If it was confusion , it was not an act of terrorism . "	The pro-Russia rebels are concentrated in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk The leader of the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic is Alexander Borodai Analysts say he is rumored to be a senior Russian intelligence officer The rebels have denied any involvement in bringing down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17
Washington  CNN  -- An FBI counterterrorism official said Wednesday that the FBI should have interviewed accused Fort Hood shooter Maj. Nidal Hasan when it learned Hasan was communicating via e-mail with Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki in Yemen . "  I believe an interview would have been prudent in this case , " said Mark Giuliano , executive assistant director for the FBI 's national security branch . But he added he did n't think "  political correctness " was the reason Hasan was not interviewed and he said an interview may not have headed off the tragedy in which Hasan is accused of killing 13 and wounding 32 others in November 2009 . Giuliano is the first FBI official to testify before Congress since an independent commission 's report was made public on July 19 that examined how the FBI handled information that came up while the agency was investigating al-Awlaki , a U.S.-born cleric who U.S. officials say became a key figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Some members of Congress have questioned whether the FBI and military officials acted aggressively enough when officials learned Hasan was e-mailing al-Awlaki starting in December of 2008 . The commission , headed by former FBI Director William Webster , said that members of a joint terrrorism task force in San Diego had passed the information on to FBI officials in Washington and were upset no one from the FBI 's Washington field office had been sent to interview Hasan . Fort Hood shooting report faults FBI handling of accused shooter 's emails According to the commission report , one of the San Diego agents said he had been told by Washington that the field office there "  does n't go out and interview every Muslim guy who visits extremist websites . " The San Diego agent , who was paraphrasing a phone conversation with a counterpart in Washington , said the field office had examined Army records regarding Hasan and knew he was doing research on Islam and military service while he was at Walter Reed Medical Center . "  This guy has a legitimate work-related reasons to be going to these sites and engaging these extremists in dialogue , " the San Diego agent said he was told by Washington . Furthermore , the San Diego agent said the agent in Washington described the subject as "  politically sensitive " for the Washington office . Hasan and al-Awlaki exchanged 18 e-mails between December 2008 and June 2009 , but the task force in San Diego only passed two of the messages on to Washington , according to the Webster report . In a hearing before a House appropriations subcommittee , Rep. Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , worried that political correctness might have been an issue and said he would still like to talk to officials at the FBI 's Washington field office about what happened . "  An active duty member of the military communicating with a known radicalizer and recruiter should have been taken more seriously than it was , " said Wolf . Missed clues in massacre ? Wolf also wanted to know exactly what the FBI knew about al-Awlaki at the time Hasan was e-mailing with him and if al-Awlaki had prior knowledge of the 9/11 attacks since he had served in mosques in a Washington suburb and in San Diego where a few of the 9/11 hijackers had gone to worship . "  We interviewed al-Awlaki after 9/11 on three separate occasions , " said Giuliano . "  He identified one of the 9/11 hijackers as somebody he knew as going to his mosque . We were never able to obtain a stitch of evidence that showed al-Awlaki knew beforehand about 9/11 or supported the 9/11 hijackers . " Wolf also asked why al-Awlaki was allowed to return to the United States in 2002 when there was an arrest warrant issued for him that was subsequently dropped . Guiliano said it was not an FBI arrest warrant but a warrant from the State Department 's diplomatic security service for passport fraud . He said the U.S. attorney 's office in Colorado concluded the charge could n't be proven in court . "  Certainly , if we felt that warrant was good and there was a way we could have incarcerated Anwar al-Awlaki at the time , we would have done that , " said Guiliano . Guiliano also noted that al-Awlaki seemed to change over the years , including a period in 2006 and 2007 when he was in prison in Yemen . After that , the FBI official said , al-Awlaki "  began to be more of a propagandist , began to show more radical tendencies . " Hasan 's e-mail exchange with al-Awlaki ; Islam , money and matchmaking But he added the FBI did not believe he was involved in terrorist operations at that time . U.S. officials believe al-Awlaki played an important role in the failed December 2009 underwear bomb plot and also the thwarted October 2010 cargo bomb plot . Al-Awlaki was killed September 30 , 2011 , by a drone strike in Yemen . The Webster report on the Fort Hood shooting identified numerous problems in several areas including information sharing , failure to follow up on leads , failure of FBI headquarters to settle differences between the two field offices working the Hasan leads and computer technology issues . Guiliano and other FBI officials said they began making changes right after the Fort Hood shooting . Hasan is scheduled to undergo a military trial beginning August 20 in Texas . Fort Hood suspect ` forcibly shaved ' ?	Hasan is accused of killing 13 , wounding 32 in the 2009 Fort Hood shooting Hasan had communicated via e-mail with Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki before shooting Officials learned Hasan was e-mailing al-Awlaki starting in December of 2008 "  An interview would have been prudent , " an FBI official tells a congressional hearing
Tokyo  CNN  -- Even during Tokyo 's notoriously hectic rush hour , dozens of commuters stopped to push a 32-ton train car out of the way . A woman trying to get off a train in Saitama , north of Tokyo , fell in a gap between the train and the platform Monday morning , said Takashi Tsukahara , a spokesman for the train operator JR East . About 40 passengers and JR staff rushed to push the train off the woman . Tsukahara said a train carriage typically weighs about 30,000 kilograms , but is able to sway a bit side to side to absorb the train 's movements . The commuters pushed the train just enough to free the woman . A loud cheer erupted as the woman was pulled up . The woman , in her 30s , was not seriously injured . Just eight minutes later , the train took off again .	A woman fell in a gap between a commuter train and platform near Tokyo 40 passengers and staff members push a 30,000-kilogram train car to free her The woman was not seriously injured
Boston  CNN  -- For Erika Brannock , Monday was a long time coming -- 50 days in fact . That 's how long she was hospitalized after bomb blasts at the Boston Marathon ripped apart her legs . She was the last of the more than 250 victims from that attack to be released . "  I leave here today -- after 11 surgeries , some pretty dark moments , and 50 days in this hospital -- with nothing but admiration for this great city , " said Brannock , who was treated at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston . On the day of the marathon , she , her sister and her brother-in-law had gone to watch Brannock 's mother run . They were standing near the finish line when the bombs went off . Video shows Tsarnaevs at gym days before attack "  I fell backwards , and I could see oranges and yellows , " Brannock told CNN 's AC360 on Monday . "  I could hear the sirens and people crying and screaming . But I never heard the actual boom . " "  I had a conversation with God in my head , and I told him I was n't ready to go . " Just at that moment , a woman crawled over to Brannock and grabbed her hand . She used her belt as a tourniquet on Brannock 's leg . "  She had heard me screaming for help and she said , ` My name is Joan from California , and I 'm not going to let you go . ' And she stayed with me the whole time . " In runners ' tent and ER , a rush to save limbs and lives Brannock , 29 , credits this mystery woman with saving her life . She desperately wants to find and thank her . She also praises her medical team . Brannock , a preschool teacher from Maryland , suffered severe bone and tissue damage , requiring the amputation of her lower left leg . "  I would not be here today without the talent and devotion of my care team , as well as the first responders and the marathon spectator -- who I only know as ` Joan from California ' -- wherever you are -- you saved my life , " she said . Sister of boy killed at Boston Marathon released from hospital ` We will thrive again ' The double bombings near the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15 killed three people and injured at least 264 . Brannock 's sister , Nicole Gross , had a broken leg and remained hospitalized for 33 days . Her sister 's husband suffered cuts , bruises and burns . Dancer 's foot destroyed , but not her spirit "  Although we had three family members injured , our family remains intact . We not only survived , but we will thrive again , even though our lives have been changed forever , " said Brannock . The road to recovery is long and sometimes difficult . She kept a picture above her hospital bed of a dragonfly , which she said was a symbol of strength , courage and getting through hard times . She described the creature as her mascot . After disasters , hospitals pay it forward Brannock started having nightmares after she learned that surviving bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was at the same hospital as her . She dreamed he was going to blow up Beth Israel . Back in Maryland , Brannock will start physical therapy and will have to learn how to walk with a prosthetic leg . But she says she is up to the task . "  I can get through anything , " Brannock said . Nurses and doctors lined the hallway Monday as she left the hospital , cheering and clapping . She gave a high five to one . Next on deck ? Brannock plans to finish a master 's degree in early childhood education and return to teaching in the fall . "  I will use what I 've learned to pay it forward , " she said . "  Thank you Boston . Thank you everyone . I 'm ready to go home . " Fire chief resigns after criticism of bombing response Randi Kaye and David Puente reported from Boston ; Dana Ford wrote this report from Atlanta . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Erika Brannock is the last of the more than 250 victims released She suffered severe bone and tissue damage "  I will use what I 've learned to pay it forward , " Brannock says She plans to finish a master 's degree and return to teaching in the fall
CNN  -- Politics abhors a vacuum , and the "  Bridgegate scandal " engulfing Chris Christie has severely compromised the New Jersey governor 's ability to launch a campaign for president , opening a space that Jeb Bush , the former Florida governor , seems likely to fill . "  The idea that he 's the prohibitive front-runner is over " is how one Republican strategist described Christie 's plight to the conservative National Review . At stake is the future of the Republican Party , which has been divided for several years by a simmering fight between factions -- ultra-conservative Tea Party activists and more moderate establishment figures who control key party offices . Christie and Bush are both frequently mentioned as mainstream candidates that the establishment would like to see run in 2016 . But Christie 's status as a party favorite has faltered , while Bush appears to be on the rise . The contrast was on display at Saturday 's White House Correspondents ' Dinner , the high-profile , televised black-tie event in which the nation 's media and political elites take satirical jabs at one another . Nobody got rougher treatment from the podium than Christie , especially from comedian Joel McHale , the evening 's emcee . "  I promise that tonight will be both amusing and over quickly -- just like Chris Christie ' s presidential bid , " quipped McHale , who later harped on the apparently politically motivated traffic tie-up near the George Washington Bridge that has led to the firing and resignation of top Christie aides . "  Finally , a politician willing to stand up to America 's commuters , " deadpanned McHale . Bush , by contrast , escaped with a passing mention as a top presidential contender . Christie 's bad news shows up in polls that ca n't be dismissed as a joke . In a recent Washington Post/ABC News poll of all Americans , Bush ranked at the top of a list of Republican presidential contenders with a 14 % showing ; Christie 's was 10 % . A Fox News poll taken last month shows that among Republicans , Bush has a 52 % approval rating compared with Christie 's 46 % . After talking with more than 24 top Republican donors , reporters from The New York Times concluded in a recent article that "  some of them are signaling to Mr. Christie 's camp that , should Mr. Bush enter the race , their first loyalty would be to him , not to Mr. Christie . " That 's a sea change from recent years , when Christie , a prodigious fund-raiser , wielded tight control over his New Jersey donors . According to Washington Post commentator Dan Balz , when candidate Mitt Romney came seeking support , in 2011 , Christie said he told him : "  If you raise money in New Jersey in any kind of aggressive , organized way , it 's going to make it very unlikely that I 'll be able to support you . " Things have changed . With Christie hemorrhaging support , a number of New Jersey heavy hitters are now openly agonizing over whether to stick with Christie or invest in a Bush candidacy . Bush brings multiple advantages : Having a father and brother who were presidents means there are legions of Republicans , across multiple generations , who owe personal and political loyalty to the closest thing the GOP has to a royal family . On the hot-button issue of immigration reform , Bush has staked out an independent position , calling on Republicans to move away from "  harsh rhetoric " on the issue and co-authoring a book on the subject -- an implicit recognition that winning the White House in 2016 will require support from Latinos and other pro-immigration voters . Most importantly , Bush remains untouched by scandal , while Christie must cope with a scandal that just wo n't go away . Last week , an attorney for David Samson , a close adviser and mentor of Christie 's , announced that Samson will not answer subpoenas from a state legislative committee investigating Bridgegate , citing his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . It 's another crippling blow to Christie 's presidential hopes . Samson , named by Christie to serve as chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , oversaw the multibillion-dollar agency that runs the George Washington Bridge until he was forced to resign as the scandal unfolded . Samson is the most prominent among several Christie aides who have quit or been fired and have now lawyered up . That means we 'll see court fights around memos , meetings and other crucial evidence for months to come -- months during which Christie 's nascent candidacy will continue to decline , leaving Bush looking like the white knight for which the Republican establishment has been waiting .	Errol Louis : "  Bridgegate " has hurt Christie 's chances , cleared way for Jeb Bush in 2016 He says Christie and rising Bush both seen as moderates in fractured GOP He says polls favor Bush over Christie and donors leaning toward ex-Florida governor Louis : Bush faces no scandal , can appeal to Latinos on immigration issues
CNN  -- A sign over the Java Juggs latte stand reads "  Some Like it Hot " and features a seductive image of a silhouetted woman in high heels , a devilish tail and horns , and seemingly little else . Inside , authorities allege , customers got more than a sizzling beverage to kickstart their day . Eight people were arrested Tuesday in connection to latte stands in Washington state that , the Everett police department says , served as fronts for prostitution and lewd conduct . Those detained include the owner of seven stands in question , 51-year-old Carmela Panico , who state public records link to the Java Juggs establishments . Other records , including health inspection reports , indicate some stands targeted by police operated as Twin Peaks . Panico was arrested for conspiracy to promote prostitution and permitting prostitution , according to police . But she is hardly the only one in hot water . So , too , is Snohomish County Sheriff 's Office Sgt. Darrell O'Neill . The 30-year office veteran was arrested and booked Tuesday into Marysville Jail for conspiracy to promote prostitution and official misconduct , police said . It was no secret that the stands were offering more than just coffee . A post on Java Juggs ' Facebook page included -- in addition to pictures of women in lingerie -- an invitation for patrons to "  come and watch our girls dance on our new Stripper Pole . " But having baristas work wearing scantily clad outfits is not illegal . Prostitution is another story . In October 2012 , authorities opened an investigation after getting complaints about alleged lewd conduct at a latte stand in Kent , which is about 20 miles south of Seattle . The probe -- Everett police Deputy Chief Dan Templeman told CNN affiliate KING that it included video and in-person surveillance -- eventually widened to include seven such stands tied to Panico and one residence . This law enforcement effort was n't helped by the Snohomish County sergeant who , a barista told detectives , tipped off workers about the undercover probe and "  engaged in inappropriate behavior while on the job , " police said . O'Neill , 58 , has been placed on paid administrative leave and is the subject of an internal investigation , according to the Snohomish County Sheriff 's Office . CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	8 are arrested in connection to latte stands in Washington state Those arrested include the owner of 7 stands and a sheriff 's sergeant The stands had scantily clad baristas and names like Java Juggs , Twin Peaks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former U.S. government scientist who served in sensitive positions on classified aerospace projects was willing to sell "  some of our most guarded secrets " a prosecutor alleged Tuesday . Stewart David Nozette of Chevy Chase , Maryland , was taken into custody Monday by FBI agents . Stewart David Nozette , 52 , who is charged with attempted espionage , appeared in U.S. District Court Tuesday afternoon . Authorities said in a criminal complaint that Nozette , of Chevy Chase , Maryland , tried to deliver classified information to someone he thought was an Israeli intelligence official , but who was actually an FBI undercover agent . Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Asuncion said Tuesday that evidence will show Nozette disclosed to investigators information that was "  top secret , related to our national defense , that would cause exceptionally grave damage to national security " if revealed to a foreign country . He said the FBI made videotapes of Nozette indicating he was "  willing to sell some of our most guarded secrets . " The prosecutor noted that the charges carry a possible life sentence . Nozette answered in the affirmative when Magistrate Judge Deborah Robinson asked him whether he understood the seriousness of the charges against him . Other than that , Nozette , who was arrested Monday , made no statements at his initial court appearance . Defense attorney John Kiyonaga did not immediately oppose the government 's request to hold his client without bond , and said his client agreed to waive a deadline for a formal detention hearing . Nozette , who remains in custody , will appear in court again on October 29 for detention and preliminary hearings . In an affidavit , the FBI sets out the case against Nozette , who received a doctorate in planetary sciences from Massachusetts Institute of Technology . The FBI document , signed by Special Agent Leslie G. Martell , says that Nozette in January 2009 told a colleague "  that if the United States government tried to put him in jail " on an unrelated matter , Nozette would move to Israel or another unidentified foreign country and "  tell them everything " he knows . Nozette had a "  top secret " clearance , and served at the White House on the National Space Council for President George H.W. Bush , the affidavit says . Later , from early 2000 to early 2006 , he did research and development for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the Naval Research Laboratory , and NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , it says . The document says Nozette also acted as a technical consultant from 1998 until early 2008 "  for an aerospace company that was wholly owned by the government of the state of Israel . " The company consulted with Nozette monthly , getting answers to questions , and he received total payments of $ 225,000 , Martell 's affidavit says . In early September , Nozette was contacted by phone by an individual purporting to be an Israeli intelligence officer , but who really was an FBI undercover agent , the document says . They met in downtown Washington in front of a hotel , and over lunch , Nozette "  demonstrated his willingness to work for Israeli intelligence , " it says . The undercover agent engaged in a series of meetings with Nozette , and eventually Nozette allegedly provided "  secret " information in a "  dead drop " post office box . Some of the information , the affidavit says , was classified as secret . The criminal complaint does not accuse the government of Israel of any violations of U.S. law .	Sewart David Nozette , 52 , appeared in U.S. District Court on Tuesday Authorities said he tried to give classified info to FBI undercover agent Charges carry a possible life sentence , prosecutor said Nozetta showed "  willingness to work for Israeli intelligence , " complaint states
Shipping companies may have found a new tool to fight piracy : It turns out , pirates like to tweet . Not only that , Somali-based pirates blog and are on Facebook , security experts say . And it is through social media that shipping companies are increasing their understanding of how they operate . "  Somalia is a very sophisticated economy , it has one of the best mobile phone communication systems in the world , " said Jessica Lincoln , director of intelligence at Rubicon Resolution , a risk consultancy . Lincoln follows pirates ' activities using what she describes as "  normal " web tools . She gathers whatever individuals and organizations like al-Qaeda 's Somali affiliate Al-Shabaab post online about attacks . The insurgent organization runs a Twitter account where it publicizes its activities . The Al-Shabaab Twitter account has been a part of the debate over whether terrorist organizations should be allowed to use Twitter . Twitter does not take responsibility for the accuracy and appropriateness of user content in its terms of service . Another source for her is the Kenyan army , which Lincoln describes as fully engaged in online exchanges with Al-Shabaab . Fertile territory for Al-Shabaab in chaos of Somalia Other organizations , like the International Maritime Organization , document pirate attacks and tweet about them . While , for example , Al-Shabaab may claim an attack was carried out , Lincoln will confirm this claim with other online sources , like the Kenyan army or the IMO . Lincoln has put together data from social media , mainstream media , academics , governmental organizations , and NGOs to create a virtual representation of the social networking web of pirates in Somalia . Her work -- aggregated from online sources -- has drawn the interest of shippers and government intelligence agencies . Her work was on display at a recent shipping conference in Hong Kong , where more than half the conference dealt with risks and crises in this field , suggesting the industry 's growing concern with violence and piracy . But the same weakness Lincoln exploits can favor criminals . Shipping companies , like all listed enterprises , are required to disclose information like vessel sizes , their expenses in armed escorts and usual routes . Pirates are armed with increasingly sophisticated technology and ample online access to stay ahead of the game . As a result , the high-seas clash between pirates and commercial shippers is becoming more of a technology race , security experts say . " -LSB- Pirates -RSB- are being more understanding of the shipping industry , because of the World Wide Web and the money they 've got through ransom payments , they bought themselves the laptops , they 've got their iPhones and their iPads , " said Lane Aldred , director of maritime and security services at Control Risks . Aldred said pirates look at shipping schedules and the protection measures aboard to select targets . In 2011 , the total cost of piracy was $ 7 billion , according to a report by Oceans Beyond Piracy , an NGO . Aldred considers this estimate conservative . Meanwhile , the same report said that ransoms were 2 % of these total costs . Re-routing ships is piracy 's biggest cost , estimated at $ 2.4 billion a year , or about a third of the total . Other growing piracy costs for shippers are insurance premiums and security equipment . Nevertheless , OBP states that while successful attacks are decreasing due to improving counter measures , ransoms and the time a ship is held have increased . Longer kidnap times for seafarers implies a series of problems that pirates solve through specialization : while some attack ships on sea , others supply a number of services on land . "  It 's like a supply chain ... you have the attackers , they 're the guys on the skiffs , approaching the vessel , boarding the vessel and getting the hostages ; you got the guy who sets himself up as the negotiator ; you got the guy that manages the vessel and the hostages , " Aldred told CNN . "  There are different actors brought in for their specialist function . " As more people get involved in these operations , their impact reverberates throughout local communities . Somalia earn on average about $ 600 a year , according to the CIA , so a $ 1 million ransom payment can be a boon to local operators involved in an aspect of the pirate trade , analysts said . Many people in Somalia are aware of what 's going on , and they talk about it on Twitter and other social media . Still , analysts face the same problems social media encounters elsewhere . "  Actually getting verified information from within Somalia is very difficult , because anybody can tweet , anybody can post anything , " Lincoln said . Therefore , Twitter is only one source that undergoes a validation process before accepting these bits of information as usable , she said . Lincoln has three guidelines . "  First we look at corroboration of data , " she said . The analyst tries to compare tweets to recognized sources reporting on piracy like the International Maritime Organization . If data ca n't be matched to a report by the IMO or other trusted organization , she seeks to understand who 's behind it . "  If you can understand their agenda , you can understand where they 're coming from judging that piece of information , " she said . Militant groups use Twitter as propaganda , whereas others could be trying relay a fact , according to the analyst . And if these two steps fail , and the information is still valuable , Lincoln includes it in her analysis with a full disclosure of source and circumstance , she said .	Pirates are using Twitter , Facebook and other social media to do their business Security analysts are using social media chatter to better understand the pirate trade In 2011 , the total cost of piracy to the shipping industry was estimated at $ 7 billion "  Somalia ... has one of the best mobile phone communication systems in the world "
New York  CNN  -- After his state 's coastline took the brunt of Superstorm Sandy , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Friday that he expects power to be almost fully restored statewide by Saturday night . "  Life will be back -- for most of New Jersey -- to normal come Sunday , " he told reporters . More than 175,000 households in the Garden State are still in the dark , and homes with saltwater electrical damage will have to be inspected by electricians before having their power restored . "  Some of those homes have already been disconnected , " said Chris Eck , a spokesman Jersey Central Power & Light , the state 's second largest power provider . "  We ca n't energize the circuit until we know the system is safe . " Christie 's comments came after a tour of the Jersey shore , where Superstorm Sandy ravaged homes and business . "  Much of the iconic boardwalk is buckled and much of the piers are out to sea , " he said . "  The shore and boardwalk in Seaside Heights of my childhood no longer exists . " "  This is our Katrina , " the governor added . Still in the dark , frustration mounts in New York neighborhood To the north , some 20,000 households across New York City and Westchester County remained without power . Another 150,000 homes in Long Island and harder-hit areas of Queens , such as Rockaway Peninsula , were also in the dark after the double blow of Sandy and this week 's nor'easter . But in an attempt to deal with persistently long gas lines , New York police started enforcing a new alternating fuel ration system on Friday . Drivers with license plates that end with a letter or an odd number could fill up Friday , while those with even numbers or zero can fill up Saturday . "  I think it will make the lines go down , " Sue Powers of Long Island told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  Waiting  in  line here for 8Â 1/2 hours is not fun . " Meanwhile , residents in Long Island who have been without power for 11 days expressed anger at elected officials at a rally Friday , and the politicians deftly redirected the anger at the Long Island Power Authority , charged with restoring power . Local and federal officials who stood to speak before residents in Oceanside , on Long Island , were met with boos and pointed questions about whether they had any power and how comfortable they were . "  What are you doing for us ? " some in the crowd shouted . Braving the boos , Kate Murray , presiding supervisor for the town of Hempstead , suggested residents ask themselves where the utility officials are . "  LIPA is the only entity that can turn on your electricity . Where are they ? " she said . "  They wo n't talk to us . We call them every day ; they wo n't give us one answer . " Murray seemed to successfully shift the residents ' cries against the politicians into chants of "  Where is LIPA ? Where is LIPA ? " "  LIPA has absolutely abrogated all of its duties , " she said . "  They should be wiped off the face of the earth . " No one from the utility was present to address the anger . In a written statement , the company said it has more than 8,200 linemen and tree-trimming crews making progress . "  When possible , we will restore power to customers who have been without power for the longest time , " the utility said in the statement . "  Your safety and well-being remain our No. 1 priority and we thank you for your continued patience during this difficult time . " U.S. Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , D-New York , tried to reassure residents that all their elected officials were working around the clock on their behalf . "  Everybody is suffering . We have to get through this together , and we will get through this together , " McCarthy said . Meanwhile , the National Park Service announced the Statue of Liberty , which had been dark since Superstorm Sandy , was to be relit Friday . The National Park Foundation said the statue "  will once again shine as a beacon of hope , a bright testament to the strength and resilience of the United States and the steadfast ability of our citizens to join together and rebuild in the face of adversity . " New Jersey , where Sandy made landfall October 29 , put gas rationing rules into effect last week in 12 counties . Cold brings fresh misery to Sandy victims Christie told reporters Thursday that the nor'easter , which brought cold and snow to the area , was responsible for 167,000 new outages but praised utility workers who were trying to get the lights and heat back on . Residents got a break from the cold weather on Friday as temperatures rose into the upper 40s and lower 50s in New England , New York and New Jersey after morning temperatures that dipped into the 30s .	NEW : More than 175,000 households in the Garden State are still in the dark . "  This is our Katrina , " New Jersey 's governor said Rationing is instituted to address a gas shortage in New York City and Long Island The gas crunch came after Superstorm Sandy and a nor'easter hit the area
CNN  -- Kids dig in the sand at the beach all the time , but the fun nearly turned fatal for an 11-year-old Pennsylvania boy this week . The 11-year-old was given CPR and revived before being taken to a local hospital . The boy was digging a tunnel with friends on a beach in Ocean City , Maryland , on Tuesday when part of it collapsed on top of him , authorities said . Lifeguards rushed to pull him out , but it first appeared that they were too late . The boy was not breathing , and he had no pulse , Beach Patrol Capt. Butch Arbin told CNN on Wednesday . But rescue crews revived the boy by performing CPR , said Arbin , who was at the scene . There was a lot of emotion on the beach when the boy 's pulse came back , he said . "  He basically went from dead to life , " Arbin said , adding that the boy 's mother called the rescue a "  miracle . " As he was being rolled into an ambulance on a stretcher , the boy -- perhaps not realizing the trauma he had just survived -- complained to his mother that he had sand in his eyes , Arbin said . The child , whose family did not want to be identified , was initially taken to Atlantic General Hospital and later flown to the A.I. DuPont Hospital for Children in Delaware , he said . He 's recovering there and probably will be released later Wednesday , Arbin said .	Boy , 11 , was digging a tunnel with friends on a beach in Ocean City , Maryland Lifeguards rushed to help ; boy had no pulse and was n't breathing Beach Patrol captain : "  He basically went from dead to life " Boy recovering in hospital , expected to be released later Wednesday
CNN  -- A humanitarian plane carrying 17 people -- most of them relief workers -- has crashed during a storm in a mountainous region in the Democratic Republic of Congo , the United Nations said Tuesday . File image of a Beechcraft 1900 aircraft . Search and rescue crews were not immediately able to land their helicopter in the area and determine whether anyone survived the crash in the east of the country , said Christope Illemassene , spokesman for the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  in the capital city of Kinshasa . But Air Serv International , the relief group that operated the plane , said an aerial survey has indicated that all the occupants on the Beechcraft 1900 plane died . The plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma on Monday , with three stops , Illemassene said . Air-traffic controllers lost contact with the plane when it approached Bukavu , the last of its three intermediate stops . The weather in the area was stormy at the time , Illemassene said . Search and rescue crews spotted the plane 's debris Tuesday , about 9.4 miles  15 km  northwest of the Bukavu airport , Illemassene said . "  We 're anxiously waiting for results from the search and rescue operation , " he said . "  We 're really hoping the peacekeepers are able to land near the site and confirm whether there are any survivors . " Air Serv International , based in the U.S. state of Virginia , is one of several groups that provides transport services to relief organizations in the Democratic Republic of Congo .	Flight operators : Aerial survey indicates occupants on aircraft died Search and rescue crews not able to land their helicopter in the area , U.N. says Plane was on a routine flight from Kinsasha to the eastern city of Goma
CNN  -- As Paige emerges from her comatose state , she mistakes the man at her bedside , her husband Leo , for a doctor . You realize Paige has no memory of her life with Leo -- not their marriage , their love , nor their "  Vow . " And that 's when it happens : Tears ready behind your eyes . Before you know it , they 've rolled down your cheeks and into your popcorn . From "  Love Story " and "  The Notebook " to "  The Vow , " which opens in theaters today , Hollywood has long sought to cash in at the box office by tugging at viewers ' heartstrings . And while some moviegoers will buy tickets to a poignant love story looking for a sort of cathartic experience , Mary Beth Oliver , a professor of media studies at Penn State University , says it 's unclear if movies actually serve such a purpose . People certainly go to the movie theater with the intention of having a good cry and letting out certain emotions , Oliver said . However , she added , there are many reasons why films make people feel better , and the movie itself might not even be one of them . "  A lot of it has to do with who you 're watching the movie with , " Oliver said . "  If I go to the movies with my best friend , and we cry all over each other and comfort one another , I end up feeling better . But really , it was ... the support my friend gave me that made me feel better . But I attribute it to the movie . " While movies might not actually make viewers feel better , they do "  allow us to experience strong emotions in safe places , " said John Sherry , an associate professor specializing in mass media effects at Michigan State University . "  Good writers and producers know how to arrange the elements of the film to hold you in a non-critical experience state where you are engaged with the main character , and that character 's experience , " Sherry said . "  Done well , you experience the main character 's emotions along with her . " And there 's a reason why movies make for such great dates . "  The way that we react to the emotional experiences in movies gives insight to how we might handle those emotional moments in real life , " he added . When two people are just getting to know one another , and impress one another , they might think twice before expressing such emotions , said Richard J. Harris , a professor of psychology at Kansas State University . Harris , who has studied couples ' experiences with watching romantic movies , said more women than men give themselves permission to respond to sad or romantic movies . But holding back emotions can actually affect a viewers ' overall experience , he said . "  The enjoyment of a movie is more based on the emotions you feel , rather than the emotions you express , " Harris noted . "  But expressing -LSB- those emotions -RSB- can actually help you enjoy -LSB- the experience -RSB- more . " It 's like a fan allowing themselves to get caught up in the competitiveness of a sporting event . "  When people watch a sporting event , and they 're all rooting for the same team , they 'll yell , cheer , hug each other , " Harris said . "  That stuff enhances the enjoyment  of the experience  . " Even "  The Vow 's " stars , Rachel McAdams and Channing Tatum , said they 've had movie-induced sob sessions in the past . Tatum told the Los Angeles Times that "  Finding Neverland " and animal movies , like "  War Horse , " always seem to move him to tears while McAdams admitted to crying so loudly during "  The Way We Were , " that she woke her sister up out of a sound sleep .	Based on a true story , "  The Vow " opens in theaters on Friday "  Movies  allow us to experience strong emotions in safe places " McAdams and Tatum have admitted to having movie-induced sob sessions in the past
CNN  -- It was cute for a while . We had some fun . And a few Americans even learned to locate South Korea on a map .  I think it 's near Pittsburgh . But now it 's time for all of us to come together and stop the madness . Thus , let it be known that I hereby declare October 12 , 2012 , as the day "  Gangnam Style " died . Sorry , folks . We 're done . It 's officially no longer a thing . Psy seems like a really good dude , and I hate to have done this to his song , but this morning I slowly walked "  Gangnam Style " out into the backyard , thanked it for the good times and shot it . "  Oppa is Old Yeller style ! " K-Pop star PSY : My video 's more popular than me ! The last straw came for me when I was searching the Web for interesting writing topics and stumbled upon yet another trending video of a group dance using this song . Too many people thought this mattered , and I just could n't take it . Right then and there , I experienced what some people in the medical community might describe as a mild freakout . So , let me just give a big thanks to the random stranger who pulled my shaking , half-naked body out of the storm gutter near my house . Actually , that was last week and totally unrelated . But , nevertheless , thanks . iReport : Gangnam style from Pittsburg State University Now , before I go any further , I probably need to stop and explain "  Gangnam Style " to my mom and dad , who , at this moment , are completely lost . "  Honey , do you have any idea what Jarrett 's talking about ? " "  Shhhh . Golf Channel . " Basically , Mom and Dad , "  Gangnam Style " is a fun , catchy pop song by South Korean artist Psy . The official music video debuted on YouTube on July 15 , went crazy viral and has since earned more than 430 million views . That said , dear parents , "  Gangnam Style " is more than just a song . It 's also a dance  sort of  whose main signature move can best be described as riding a horse or , perhaps , fornicating with a kangaroo . So , you know , enjoy that little visual , and I 'll see you at Thanksgiving . As for the title : It actually refers to a posh district in Seoul where people are considered trendy and lavish , and the video colorfully exaggerates this uber-affluent lifestyle . In other words , one might say Beverly Hills is Gangnam Style . T.J. Maxx is not . Though there does appear to be a T.J. Maxx in Beverly Hills , Michigan . Discuss . For historical comparison , at least in my lifetime , I suppose the closest thing we 've ever had to "  Gangnam Style " was "  Macarena " by Los del Rio . While the song "  Macarena " -- and its signature dance , THE Macarena -- did n't enjoy the luxury of YouTube , it did somehow manage to become an international sensation in the mid - '90s . If you were at a party or a sporting event or  seriously  even the Democratic National Convention , you were  by penalty of death  required to dance the Macarena . And to this day , I still know it by heart . North Korean video evokes ` Gangnam Style ' to taunt South Korean candidate Mind you , I can barely remember what I was doing 30 seconds ago , but even after more than 15 years , I absolutely , positively recall every last move of the Macarena . Just to be sure , I demonstrated it for our 23-year-old intern and then asked if she 'd like me to teach it to her . Her wise response : "  Do I have to ? " So we 've long since rid ourselves of "  Macarena , " and now we say goodbye to "  Gangnam Style . " They 're not a perfect comparison , for as best as I can tell , "  Gangnam Style " is n't necessarily a fully composed dance but more of a song that features several signature dance moves . I already described the main one , and the other biggie looks like some sort of crazed , hyper-animated version of the Axl Rose . Well , at least from back in the day when the Guns 'n Roses frontman did n't have to move around stage on a Rascal . The point is this : "  Gangnam Style " is officially dead . True , the U.N. did n't grant me absolute authority to murder it in the backyard , but I assure you it 's taken care of . So , no more group dancing . No more stadium JumboTrons . No more Internet parodies . It 's done . Alas , I wish this old boy could 've been put out to stud , but for the safety of future generations , "  Gangnam Style " simply had to die . It wo n't see you at Thanksgiving .	I hereby declare October 12 , 2012 , as the day "  Gangnam Style " died The last straw was when I came upon yet another trending video of a group dance to this song We 've long since rid ourselves of "  Macarena , " so we say can goodbye to "  Gangnam Style " ?
CNN  -- First , there was the war on drugs . Then came the war on terrorism . Followed by the war on Christmas , women and religion . We seem to love waging wars . And now a new war has broken out : the war on comedy . This war started just a week ago by those defending Rush Limbaugh 's infamous attack on Sandra Fluke , a Georgetown law school student who simply offered an opinion Limbaugh did n't like . So , Limbaugh being the "  entertainer " that he is , responded by calling this young woman a "  slut " and "  prostitute . " With Limbaugh under attack for his despicable comments , his supporters launched a desperate counterattack to save him by targeting "  liberal " comedians like Bill Maher and Louie C.K. for their crude and demeaning jokes about Sarah Palin . Their point was that Limbaugh may have been bad , but he 's not the only one , so he should be forgiven .  I 'd love to see a defendant in a murder trial try this defense . Thus , the war on comedy was on . The hostilities escalated late last week when Fox News ' Greta Van Susteren called for a boycott of the Congressional Correspondents ' dinner because Louie C.K. was slated to host the event .  C.K. dropped out of hosting the dinner shortly after the controversy erupted . I 'm not really sure why Limbaugh 's defenders launched this war on comedians . Limbaugh does not even consider himself a comedian ; instead , he 's referred to as an "  entertainer , " which is the same label often used to describe strippers .  No offense intended to strippers . In any event , Maher and C.K. were under attack for having crossed the line that comedians are forbidden to transgress . So , here is the big question : What exactly is the line that comedians are prohibited from breaching ? What type of joke crosses from killing the crowd to killing your career ? To me , the answer depends on two factors . Are you a famous comedian ? And what type of joke is it ? If you 're not a famous comic , you can get away with saying almost anything . I perform regularly in the comedy clubs in New York City which feature -- in my opinion -- the top comedians in the nation . But still , night after night you will hear material far worse than anything Maher , C.K. or even "  the entertainer " Limbaugh would have articulated . There 's no shortage of jokes that are anti-everyone , including anti-women , anti-gay , anti-minority , anti-overweight people , etc. . In a comedy club setting , it 's very easy as a comedian to determine if you went too far . The audience stops laughing , or at least the laughs drop off considerably . The comic then moves on to the next joke and that is the end of it . On the other hand , if you 're a famous comedian , it 's a completely different story . If you tell an anti- "  fill in the blank " joke , you might find yourself on TMZ , hiring a team of publicists , and making the rounds on television shows offering your "  sincerest apologies . " Opinion : Democrats should reject Bill Maher 's money But to me , the more important factor in determining if a comedian -- famous or not -- has crossed the line of decency is to look at the subject matter of the joke . While I absolutely support freedom of speech , comedians deserve to suffer consequences if they make hateful jokes about race , ethnicity , gender , religion or sexual orientation . However , comedians must be afforded great leeway when the joke is about a political issue . Lampooning people in power like our president , Congress and political candidates is nearly a cornerstone to our democracy . Even our libel laws provide a higher degree of protection for private citizens than for public figures . American comedians have a proud tradition of raising awareness on important political and social issues . Richard Pryor , Lenny Bruce , George Carlin , Chris Rock and , of course , Jon Stewart , do more than simply make people laugh -- their comedy can shape public opinion . The standard for acceptable political comedy can not be whether the joke offended someone . Political jokes will always offend someone since they are inherently divisive . The reason we tell these jokes is not only to get a laugh , but also to challenge people 's views .  Here 's a little secret : We comedians enjoy the fact we sometimes rankle those in the audience who disagree with our political jokes . Political comedians must be afforded the unfettered right to satirize our politicians -- even if their jokes include crude words such as the ones that Maher and C.K. used about Sarah Palin , who is still considered a leader in the Republican Party even if she is no longer the governor of Alaska . If we stifle political comedy , we will cause a chilling effect on the free exchange of ideas on political issues . We will not only have lost the war on comedy , but also effectively silenced comedians from telling jokes about any controversial political topics or figures . This would result in two equally dire scenarios for our nation : Less freedom of expression and more prop comedy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : A new war has broken out -- a war on comedy He says the war started when Rush Limbaugh 's defenders attacked Bill Maher Obeidallah : So what exactly is the line that comedians are prohibited from breaching ? He says political comedy must not be stifled ; hateful jokes are a problem
Time.com  -- For all the heady talk about misleadingly "  deific , " recently confirmed quantum specks named after Scottish physicists , another kind of historic event just transpired : a record-shattering laser beam that , in a single shot fired on July 5 , 2012 , generated more power than the United States does at any single instant . Spooky or astonishing ? How about both . Think of it as "  extreme sports science , " a kind of lab-based game of automatic one-upmanship where researchers fiddle with incredibly complex , painstakingly calibrated machinery to produce unprecedented results -- then outdo them . Time.com : 9 examples of improbable superhero technology That 's what the National Ignition Facility -- home to the world 's largest laser -- just did when it pulled the trigger on 192 beams of optically amplified , electromagnetic radiation-emitting light , all fired within a few trillionths of a second of each other , to deliver 500 trillion watts  or terawatts  of "  peak power " and 1.85 megajoules of ultraviolet laser light . Framed in more eye-catching terms : The NIF says 500 terawatts outpaces the entire U.S. for power used "  at any instant in time , " and that 1.85 megajoules amounts to roughly 100 times what any other laser produces regularly . No wonder those two power unit prefixes  tera , mega  come from Greek words meaning "  monster " and "  great . " Then again , what else would you expect from a laser housed in a building the size of three football fields , or a science lab with a word like "  ignition " in its moniker ? The NIF , located in Livermore , California , came online in March 2009 , and its goals are manifold : Its primary mission , given funding by the National Nuclear Security Administration  NNSA  -- "  a semi-autonomous agency within the U.S. Department of Energy responsible for enhancing national security through the application of nuclear science to the nation 's national security enterprise " -- is to duplicate what happens in contemporary nuclear weapons , in part to render underground nuclear testing unnecessary . Time.com : Clamshell ! The story of the greatest computing form factor of all time But it 's also a repository for scientists -- the same sort that poke around at sub-sub-atomic levels for elemental quantum particles -- looking to understand "  extreme states of matter that exist in the centers of planets , stars and other celestial objects . " And last but not least -- well beyond the holster-loaded conventions of mere pulp sci-fi skirmishing -- the NIF laser is about puzzling out something called "  fusion ignition " : the point at which nuclear fusion reactions become self-sustaining , to , in the NIF 's words , "  provide abundant and sustainable clean energy . " Fusion reaction is arguably the most exciting of the NIF 's goals : to catalyze self-sustaining nuclear fusion , wherein two light atomic nuclei "  fuse " together and produce a single heavier nucleus while converting some of that mass to incredible amounts of energy . That , in so many words , is how stars are born , and it 's something scientists have been working to achieve since the 1950s . The 500-terawatt shot on July 5 brings scientists closer to solving a longstanding physics challenge and arguably the field 's holy grail : getting back more energy than you give . Time.com : Mission to Mars : 8 amazing tech tools aboard NASA 's Curiosity Rover "  The 500 TW shot is an extraordinary accomplishment by the NIF Team , creating unprecedented conditions in the laboratory that hitherto only existed deep in stellar interiors , " said MIT physicist Dr. Richard Petrasso in a statement on the NIF 's site . "  For scientists across the nation and the world who , like ourselves , are actively pursuing fundamental science under extreme conditions and the goal of laboratory fusion ignition , this is a remarkable and exciting achievement . " The July 5 shot was actually the NIF 's third in a series of test fires , a series that 's seen power ramped up by nearly 100 terawatts since March 15 , when the NIF fired a shot that delivered 1.8 megajoules and peak power of 411 terawatts . And while electricity produced by sustained , controlled fusion reactions may not be commercially viable , well , ever , depending whom you talk to -- some say 30 to 40 years ; others say indefinitely given the technical challenges of putting star-stuff in a container -- the July 5 laser shot appears to be a major step forward . "  NIF is becoming everything scientists planned when it was conceived over two decades ago , " said NIF Director Edward Moses of the July 5 shot . In January 2012 , Moses predicted that fusion ignition would happen "  in the next 6-18 months . " We 're getting close , in other words , to what you might call "  the end of the beginning " of the very long -- and expensive : an experimental international fusion reactor being built in France is said to cost 16 billion euros , or nearly US$ 20 billion -- road to theoretically limitless energy generation . This article originally appeared on Time.com : The laser beam 1,000 times more powerful than the United States	NIF laser generates more power in a single blast than the U.S. does in any single instant Laser produces 1.85 megajoules of power , 100 times what any other laser emits NIF experiments with nuclear energy to improve national security Laser experiments could give insight into sustainable clean energy
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban militants opened fire at a military ceremony in the capital Sunday morning . A lawmaker , tribal leader and 10-year-old child were killed , but President Hamid Karzai escaped unhurt , according to an official and a statement from Karzai 's office . Afghan soldiers run to take up positions after shots were fired during a parade in Kabul on Sunday . The attack also wounded more than 12 people , including a member of parliament , a Health Ministry official said . The attack occurred at a Mujahedeen Victory Day ceremony , observing the 16th anniversary of Afghanistan mujahedeen fighters ' overthrow of President Mohammad Najibullah 's Soviet-backed regime . Small arms fire erupted as a military band played the Afghan national anthem and as soldiers fired a 21-gun salute with artillery rounds . The people standing did not react for several seconds , but security guards shielded Karzai and whisked him away from the reviewing stand . Other dignitaries quickly scrambled to safety . Watch military , crowd react to attack " Karzai appeared on state-run television fewer than two hours later and called on citizens to remain calm . The Health Ministry official said lawmaker Fazel Rahman Samkanai died from injuries sustained in the attack . A presidential statement said Nasir Ahmad Latifi , a council head of the Qezelbashan ethnic group , and a 10-year-old child were killed . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mojahed issued a statement , claiming responsibility . "  Six of our Fedayeen martyrs entered to the stadium for the ceremony . They were heavily armed with mortars and machine guns . This was an organized attack . When the national anthem started they started the attack . Three were killed and three have survived , " the statement said . The Taliban also claimed its fighters got within 30 yards of the stand where Karzai and other dignitaries were standing . A diplomatic source said a mortar round landed near the stand . Defense Ministry spokesman Zahir Azimi said the attackers were captured , but he did not say how many were in custody . U.S. Ambassador William Wood and British Ambassador Sherard Cowper-Coles were in the stand , but were unhurt and later returned safely to their offices , spokesmen at their embassies said . Uniformed U.S. military personnel also were in the stands and were not injured , U.S. Embassy spokesman Mark Stroh said . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also condemned the attack . "  This attack against the legitimate institutions of the Afghan state and the Afghan people is unacceptable , " Ban said in a statement . Afghanistan 's state-run television station , which carried the ceremony live , captured the scene on camera . As the fusillade became more intense , people turned to one another , some sat down and a few fell to the ground . Soon , people were scrambling from their seats while a stream of Afghan soldiers ran by , away from the sound of gunfire . The live broadcast was interrupted about two minutes after the attack began . E-mail to a friend Journalist Tom Coghlan contributed to this report .	NEW : Child , tribal leader and lawmaker killed in attack , official says Taliban : Six fighters -- armed with mortars , machine guns -- launched attack U.S. , British ambassadors also escape harm , according to embassies Mujahedeen Day parade was commemorating Afghan victory over communism
CNN  -- Venezuela 's telecommunications regulator , Conatel , fined private television broadcaster Globovision Tuesday 7.5 % of its gross income for alleged violations of the country 's media responsibility laws , marking the latest salvo in the long-running feud between the broadcaster and the government . Globovision said it would appeal the fine of 9,300,000 bolivares fuertes  $ 2.2 million  , which the station said risked bankrupting it . Conatel 's director , Pedro Maldonado , however , said during a news conference that the fine could not be appealed . Globovision is Venezuela 's last remaining television broadcaster that is openly critical of President Hugo Chavez . The fine stems from Globovision 's coverage of a standoff at the Rodeo II prison in June and July . The station violated a law that prohibits stirring anxiety in the public and instigating intolerance for political reasons , Maldonado said . These are violations under a media responsibility law passed in December . The goal of the law is to establish "  social responsibility " in those who provide television , radio and Internet service . The law affects all text , images , sound or context sent or received in Venezuela . Maldonado said the sanction does not seek to suspend the transmission of Globovision , a 24-hour news station . But Maria Fernanda Flores , a vice president of the network , said paying that sum could spell the end of its broadcast . "  This fine represents the bankruptcy of Globovision , " she said . The government official said Globovision had "  a couple of days " to pay the fine . Globovision defended its coverage of the prison standoff , which started with a riot that killed at least 22 people and turned into a nearly monthlong standoff between prisoners and national guard troops . The broadcaster said it was denied access at the scene and completed its reporting fairly and in a balanced way given its limitations . Claudio Paolillo , a member of the freedom of expression committee of the Inter-American Press Association , likened Chavez to a dictator in an interview with Globovision and said the fine was a roundabout way to shutter the station . "  The political objective is to shut down all the voices who are critical or independent , " he said . Chavez and his top leadership did not immediately comment on the move . The broadcaster is the last remaining TV network that carries an anti-Chavez line , since the president refused to renew the license of another opposition station , RCTV , allegedly over telecommunication regulation violations . The station had to go off public airwaves and transmit solely on cable . Over the years , the government has launched various investigations into Globovision -- for everything from reporting about an earthquake before an official report had been issued , to failing to pay about $ 2.3 million in taxes . Station officials have said the charges are politically motivated . Last year , the government secured a 25.8 % interest in the broadcaster when it took over two companies , which owned a 20 % and 5.8 % stake in Globovision , respectively . The government 's interest was sufficient to name a representative to the broadcaster 's board , Chavez said then . His government has also gone after the owner of Globovision , Guillermo Zuloaga , who is wanted in Venezuela for allegedly illegally storing vehicles at his Caracas home with the intent to sell them for a profit . The TV magnate , who is living in exile , has said he is being persecuted for political purposes and that the charges are trumped up . His son is also wanted . International groups accuse Chavez of using a friendly judiciary to silence critics and the press . The president , however , maintains there is robust freedom of the press in Venezuela . The country 's constitution protects freedom of expression , but those who exercise it will be responsible for that content , the government has argued .	NEW : The penalty is the latest salvo in long-running dispute between Globovision and the government The broadcaster is fined 7.5 % of its gross income for violating the law The government accuses the network of inciting anxiety in the public The $ 2.2 million fine could mean the end of Globovision
CNN  -- Virginia 's proclamation of Confederate History Month without any reference to slavery was unacceptable , President Obama said in an interview broadcast Friday . "  Well , you know , I 'm a big history buff . And I think that understanding the history of the Confederacy and understanding the history of the Civil War is something that every American and every young American should be a part of , " he told ABC in an interview taped Thursday . "  Now , I do n't think you can understand the Confederacy and the Civil War unless you understand slavery . And so , I think that was a -- an unacceptable omission . I think the governor 's now acknowledged that . " Obama was referring to Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , who apologized Wednesday for leaving out any reference to slavery in his recent proclamation designating April as Confederate History Month , calling it a "  major omission . " McDonnell , a Republican , also said he would amend the proclamation . ABC asked the nation 's first African-American president to weigh in on the controversy . "  I think it 's just a reminder that when we talk about issues like slavery that are so fraught with pain and emotion , that we 'd better do so thinking through how this is going to affect a lot of people , and their sense of whether they 're part of a commonwealth or part of our broader society . " McDonnell 's written apology said , "  The failure to include any reference to slavery was a mistake , and for that I apologize to any fellow Virginian who has been offended or disappointed . " "  The abomination of slavery divided our nation , deprived people of their God-given inalienable rights , and led to the Civil War , " the statement said . "  Slavery was an evil , vicious and inhumane practice which degraded human beings to property , and it has left a stain on the soul of this state and nation . " The new language added to the proclamation says that "  it is important for all Virginians to understand that the institution of slavery led to this war and was an evil and inhumane practice that deprived people of their God-given inalienable rights . " It adds that "  all Virginians are thankful for its permanent eradication from our orders . " McDonnell 's statement noted that while Virginia was home to the capital of the Confederacy , it was also the first state in the nation to elect an African-American governor , L. Douglas Wilder , whom McDonnell called "  my friend . " In an interview with CNN on Wednesday , Wilder said McDonnell 's apology and his introduction of additional proclamation language was "  the right thing for him to have done . " "  Most people recognize that slavery was the cause of the -LSB- Civil -RSB- war , " Wilder said , noting that McDonnell had called him Wednesday . "  The war was not a glorious thing in our past . It was something that we were able to withstand in terms of tearing the country apart . ... Thank God that war ended with the Confederacy losing . " Not all of Wilder 's fellow Democrats were willing to forgive McDonnell so quickly Wednesday . "  He has a right to apologize , " Virginia state Sen. Henry Marsh III , who is also African-American , told CNN on Wednesday . "  But I do n't accept that as a good answer , because this is a pattern of this governor . "  He says the wrong thing , he sends a signal to his base , and then he makes an apology , " Marsh said . "  It 's a question of whether or not he 's sincere or not . " McDonnell is the first Virginia governor in eight years to issue a proclamation declaring April as Confederate History Month . Two previous Democratic administrations refused to do so . "  It is important for all Virginians to reflect upon our Commonwealth 's shared history , to understand the sacrifices of the Confederate leaders , soldiers and citizens during the period of the Civil War , and to recognize how our history has led to our present , " the proclamation reads in part . Former Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , now the Democratic National Committee chairman , issued a statement Wednesday blasting the exclusion of slavery from the original proclamation . "  Governor McDonnell 's decision to designate April as Confederate History Month without condemning , or even acknowledging , the pernicious stain of slavery or its role in the war disregards history , is insensitive to the extraordinary efforts of Americans to eliminate slavery and bind the nation 's wounds , and offends millions of Americans of all races and in all parts of our nation , " Kaine wrote . "  A failure to acknowledge the central role of slavery in the Confederacy and deeming insignificant the reprehensible transgression of moral standards of liberty and equality that slavery represented is simply not acceptable in the America of the 21st century , " he continued .	NEW : One former governor forgives omission , one does not Ca n't understand Civil War without understanding of slavery , president says Virginia governor criticized for omitting slavery in proclamation Gov. Bob McDonnell designated April as Confederate History Month
Taipei  CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck Taiwan on Sunday , killing at least one and sending panicked residents dashing to the streets . The quake rattled buildings in central Taipei . Its epicenter was near Jenai town in Nantou county . Local hospital officials reported one death . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The quake was 20 km deep  12.4 miles  , and hit 728 km  452 miles  east northeast of Hong Kong . In March : Strong Taiwan quake kills 1 In March : 5.6 earthquake strikes northeastern Taiwan	The quake rattles buildings in central Taipei Panicked residents run to the streets Its epicenter was near Jenai town in Nantou county
CNN  -- Like all online businesses , the marketing industry is being radically changed by the creeping ubiquity of mobile devices . This shift to the smaller screen will inevitably have profound implications on both global marketing companies like WPP and Omnicom as well as on Internet companies like Google and Facebook whose revenue is mostly derived from online advertising . It was no surprise , therefore , that one of the major themes his weekend at Stream , the annual WPP "  unconference " about digital advertising and marketing , was the growing importance of mobile . Held each September in the delightful Greek seaside resort of Marathon , Stream is distinguished by the audience-generated content from the 400 entrepreneurs , and advertising and marketing executives invited to the event . Talks by participants this year at Stream thus had titles like "  Monetizing social discussion , " "  Banners are dead , " "  Mobile payments At scale , " "  Who will own your mobile wallet " and "  Unlocking $ 50 billion in digital brand spend . " Yet for all the talk about mobile , Stream was , in part , characterized by a deep uncertainty about its impact on the industry . As Sir Martin Sorrell , WPP 's long-time CEO , said in response to a question about whether Facebook can successfully monetize mobile technology : "  We do n't know the answer . " But I had a simpler question for the Stream attendees that I met in Marathon over the weekend . Is it possible , I asked , that the digital marketing industry could be destroyed by mobile ? Could the shift to smaller screens actually kill online marketing ? "  The small screen will disrupt but not kill the advertising industry , " Jeff Pulver , a serial American internet entrepreneur and a regular Stream attendee , explained to me . Perhaps . But that disruption , many people at Stream acknowledge , will be deeply challenging . It 's a challenge , SessionM Chief Revenue Officer Bill Clifford told me , is to "  create big moments on a small screen . " Clifford describes himself as an "  inventor of new ad models in mobile . " But those new ad models being developed by Clifford at SessionM are still , at best , in their infancy . And as Amy Gershkoff , the Global Director of Analytics at the PR agency Burston-Marsteller , told me , mobile will only successfully monetized when the advertising industry understand that mobile is n't just a smaller screen version of traditional Internet media . "  We need to rethink advertising , " Gershkoff insists . We need to think about it , she says , as a personal service to mobile users . Many Stream attendees agreed with Gershkoff that both the challenge and opportunity of mobile lies with its intensely personalized nature . "  The days of dumb advertising are over , " Randall Rothenberg , the President and CEO of the Interactive Advertising Bureau  IAB  told me over breakfast at Stream . Bill Clifford 's "  big moments " must then , in fact , be big "  personal " moments if the marketing industry is to successful transition to mobile media . Perhaps the best description of the challenge was expressed to me in Marathon by the legendary investor and WPP board member Ester Dyson , who said that the advertising industry needed to "  deliver value rather than just describing value . " Because we look at our mobile devices all the time , Dyson told me , this media should be "  every advertisers dream . " But the industry needs to learn to create useful products to consumers , such as Delta airline 's bag tracking app , rather than just gratuitously impersonal advertising . Mobile advertisers , Dyson explained , need to distinguish between media as a mirror and a painting . In the old days of television or desktop Internet advertising , advertising was like a painting that we could all admire without seeing ourselves . But today , Dyson says , advertising has a mirror with personalized information unique to us if we are to pay for information or products . Amy Gershkoff sees three promising models for a mobile marketers and advertisers . The first is way in which Amazon is enabling consumers to scan products in stores with their mobile devices to get their online price . The second is Starbucks initiative to enable their customers to pay for their coffee via mobiles . And the third is the geo-targeted and content-targeted advertising that YouTube has developed specifically for mobile devices . No event like Stream would , of course , be complete without the radical optimists -- the "  Unlocking $ 50 billion in digital brand spend " crowd - who believe that mobile will trigger a unique cornucopia of opportunities for the advertising industry . But , as the IAB 's Rothenberg told me , the funny thing about the advertising industry is its constancy . From 1917 onwards , he explained , advertising has always made up around 2 % of US GDP . So , while - to borrow some words of wisdom from WPP 's Martin Sorrell - "  we do n't know the answer " to how exactly the small screen revolution will change advertising , mobile probably wo n't radically alter the size of the industry . The more things change then , the more they stay the same . Which is why it is probably appropriate that Stream is held each year in Marathon - the little town outside Athens that knows all about the unchanging and challenging nature of the long distance race .	Mobile is changing the face of marketing but no one is sure what the long-term impact will be U.S. entrepreneur Jeff Pulver says small screen will disrupt , but not kill the industry But PR agency director Amy Gershkoff says the industry still does n't get mobile media Mobile advertisers need to deliver value , not just describe it , says investor Ester Dyson
America 's contentious and costly war in Iraq officially ended Thursday with an understated ceremony in Baghdad that contrasted sharply with its thundering start almost nine years ago . U.S. troops lowered the flag of command that flew over the Iraqi capital , carefully rolled it and cased it in camouflage in accordance with Army tradition . The quiet ceremony , under a bright Iraqi sun , was the opposite of the nighttime "  shock and awe " bombardment of Baghdad that launched the war against Saddam Hussein in March 2003 . Justified by President George W. Bush on the grounds that Hussein was seeking weapons of mass destruction that he could share with terrorists such as al Qaeda , the invasion cased deep divisions in America and around the world . CNN Photos : Looking back at 8 years of war in Iraq After that , men and women from Maine to Hawaii began crossing the border into Iraq -- and began dying or coming home with lifelong injuries . Hussein 's regime proved easy to topple , but no weapons of mass destruction were found , and the United States and its allies were left occupying a country where they were not greeted as liberators , despite the prediction of Bush 's vice president , Dick Cheney . Iraq erupted into sectarian violence , leaving U.S. troops to try to contain what threatened to become a civil war . Improvised explosive device became a household term , traumatic brain injuries a signature wound of the war . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , who flew into Baghdad for Thursday 's flag-lowering ceremony , recalled that when he visited in 2006 as a member of Bush 's Iraq Study Group , "  sectarian violence was skyrocketing , and it seemed as if nothing was working . " But , he said , "  After a lot of blood spilled by Iraqis and Americans , the mission of an Iraq that could govern and secure itself has become real . " On Thursday , the Iraq war officially ended as President Barack Obama described it : not with a final battle but with a final march home for U.S. troops . In all , the United States spent more than $ 800 billion in Iraq . Panetta reflected on a greater cost . He said the United States was "  deeply indebted " to all Americans in uniform . Nearly 4,500 of them were killed in this war , more than 30,000 wounded . In their own words : Eight lives changed by the Iraq war And he hailed the advances made in Iraq since Hussein was ousted . "  This is a time for Iraq to look forward , " he said . "  This is an opportunity for Iraq to forge ahead on a path to security and prosperity . We owe it to all of the lives that were sacrificed in this war not to fail . " No one knows how many Iraqis have been killed since March 2003 , but the independent public database Iraq Body Count has compiled reports of more than 150,000 between the invasion and October 2010 , with four out of five dead being civilians . Thousands of other Iraqis struggle to cope with lives marred by war . For them , the battle goes on as the Americans leave behind a fragile nation struggling to establish democracy , struggling to establish stability . Violence still claims innocent lives in Iraq . People are frustrated with the lack of electricity . Baghdad is awash in trash . No one can predict Iraq 's future without the presence of Americans . "  As long as there are assassinations and explosions from time to time in this country , then of course I have fears , " said ministry of transportation employee Abu Hadeel . "  When I walk in a crowded street , I have concern of any sudden explosion . There are no guarantees . " Student Moutazz Sami said Iraq was not prepared militarily or politically to handle challenges . But businessman Ethar Mohammed said "  every beginning has an end . " "  The political divisions are huge and no one knows what will happen after December 31 , " the date by which American troops must leave , said Iraqi journalist Mina al-Oraibi , assistant editor-in-chief of Asharq Alawsat newspaper in London . Fareed Zakaria on Iraq 's oil potential All U.S. troops must be out of Iraq by the end of this month after Washington and Baghdad failed to agree on terms under which they could remain . At the height of the war in 2007 , when Bush ordered a so-called surge , more than 170,000 American troops were stationed in Iraq , living on more than 500 bases and outposts across the nation . As of Tuesday , only 5,500 American troops remained . A senior defense official traveling with Panetta said that some troops -- perhaps 3,000 to 4,000 -- will remain in Kuwait for a certain period of time but said the details have not been worked out with the Kuwaitis . Only half of Americans think their nation achieved its goals in Iraq , according to a CNN/ORC International poll conducted last month . Still , 61 % favored the withdrawal of all troops by the end of the year . And 68 % said they opposed the war in Iraq . Opinion : I 'm grateful my husband served in Afghanistan , not Iraq Iraqis , on the other hand , are worried that the United States wants to disengage from their country entirely , al-Oraibi said , pointing out that Obama came to office partly on the strength of his opposition to the war and sent Vice President Joe Biden to visit recently rather than coming himself . But Brett McGurk , a former adviser to three U.S. ambassadors , pointed out that U.S. disengagement has been a process , rather than a sudden action . Iraq , he said , has been in charge of its own security since 2009 . "  It 's not like we were controlling Iraq 's security situation last week , and now we 're suddenly leaving , " he said . "  We have n't had troops in Baghdad for over two years . " Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , explained in practical terms what the end of the U.S. military mission meant . Departing from his prepared text , he said he had been able to fly into Iraq on this occasion simply because he wanted to do so . "  The next time I come here , I 'm going to have to be invited by the Iraqi government , and I kind of like that , " Dempsey said before concluding his speech with thanks and a blessing in Arabic . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the United States will help the people "  realize their own ambitions for a free and sovereign Iraq . " It also will work closely with the Iraqi government to ensure the safety of U.S. civilians staying in the country , she said . "  I think it 's understood this is one of the most challenging missions that the State Department has ever led , but we 've had a great deal of thought given to what needs to be accomplished , " Clinton said in Washington . Back home , many of those Americans who sacrificed in Iraq harbor mixed feelings about the war . But if Iraq can emerge as a free and democratic nation , every American soldier should feel proud , said retired Army Gen. Mark Kimmitt . "  If that 's the case , then these soldiers can say , yes , indeed , they won , " he said . "  Every soldier and their families should walk away extremely satisfied and proud of what they accomplished and what they left behind . I just hope it can remain that way . " Obama laid out that same message as he welcomed home returning troops Wednesday at Fort Bragg , North Carolina . "  Because of you , because you sacrificed so much for a people that you had never met , Iraqis have a chance to forge their own destiny , " Obama said . "  That 's part of what makes us special as Americans . Unlike the empires of old , we did so not for territory or for resources . We do it because it 's right . Obama said there was no fuller expression of U.S. support for self-determination than its withdrawal from Iraq . That , he said , speaks volumes for the American people .	U.S. committed to assisting Iraq , Clinton says A quiet ceremony ends a costly war that divided America In Baghdad , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta pays tribute to U.S. troops More than 4,500 American troops have died in Iraq since 2003
CNN  -- Two Italians , a Dane , a German , a Frenchman and a Brit walk into a space station ... or will , in 2013 , if all goes according to European Space Agency plans . Europe 's six new astronauts hope to join their American counterparts on the Internation Space Station . The six new astronauts named Wednesday were chosen from more than 8,400 candidates , and are the first new ESA astronauts since 1992 , the space agency said in a statement . They include two military test pilots , one fighter pilot and one commercial pilot , plus an engineer and a physicist . "  This is a very important day for human spaceflight in Europe , " said Simonetta Di Pippo , Director of Human Spaceflight at ESA . "  These young men and women are the next generation of European space explorers . They have a fantastic career ahead , which will put them right on top of one of the ultimate challenges of our time : going back to the Moon and beyond as part of the global exploration effort . " Humans have not walked on the moon since 1972 , just over three years after the first manned mission to Earth 's nearest neighbor . The six will begin space training in Germany , with an eye to being ready for future missions to the International Space Station and beyond in four years . They are : Samantha Cristoforetti of Italy , a fighter pilot with degrees in engineering and aeronautical sciences ; Alexander Gerst , a German researcher with degrees in physics and earth science ; Andreas Mogensen , a Danish engineer with the private space firm HE Space Operations ; Luca Parmitano of Italy , an Air Force pilot with a degree in aeronautical sciences ; Timothy Peake , an English test pilot with the British military ; and Frenchman Thomas Pesquet , an Air France pilot who previously worked as an engineer at the French space agency .	2 Italians , a Dane , a German , a Frenchman and Briton make astronaut list Six new astronauts named Wednesday chosen from 8,400 candidates Group will undergo four years of training in Germany
CNN  -- Senate Republicans on Thursday blocked a Democrat-backed bill that would have extended tax cuts to small businesses . Both sides indicated the vote was political one -- Democrats said Republicans blocked the bill to cost President Barack Obama political points . Republicans said that the legislation was a campaign stunt and was n't enough to have any impact on jump-starting the economy . By the numbers , here 's a look at small business in America : CNN Money : Small Business 3 - Small business tax cut bills that were rejected in the U.S. Congress this week . 1953 - Year the U.S. Small Business Administration was founded . 499 - Highest number of employees a business can have to be considered a "  small business . " 249 - Maximum workers employed at a "  small business " in the 1950s . 79 - Percent of American businesses that are non-employee businesses , with no employees other than the proprietor . Dear America : It 's time to up our entrepreneurial game $ 7 million - Largest amount of average annual receipts to qualify as a small business . 20 - Percent of income eligible for tax deduction by small businesses under the Small Business Tax Cut Act , proposed by House Majority Leader Eric Cantor . $ 73 billion - Amount of the projected total increase in personal incomes if the Democrats ' Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act had passed in the Senate . $ 87 billion - Amount potentially added to the GDP . Health reform : What 's at stake for small business 990,592 - Estimated number of jobs that would have been created . 10 % - Tax credit on new payroll , a hiring incentive for business owners under the Senate Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act . 7 - Shortage of votes needed for the Senate to be able to invoke cloture and end the debate on the bill . 5,749,797 - Firms in the U.S. with fewer than 500 employees , as of 2009 . Family business : How to pass the baton 56,281,503 - Employees of small firms with fewer than 500 workers , in 2009 . 2.4 million - Businesses owned by veterans , making up 9 % of all businesses , as of 2007 . 45 - percent of new businesses established in 2004 that were still around in 2009 . 2 - Percent of Americans with incomes higher than $ 250,000 annually , those who would be affected by the expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts , according to President Obama . 1 in 6 - Baby boomers surveyed in 2011 by AARP who expect to eventually have their own business .	Three small business tax cut bills were rejected by Congress this week $ 7 million is the largest amount of annual receipts a business can have and still be "  small " $ 87 billion is the potential amount added to the GDP by small business
CNN  -- Lottery players across the country scrambled to check their tickets late Friday to see if they could be $ 640 million richer . The winning numbers in the Mega Millions lottery Friday night were 2 4 23 38 46 , with a Mega Ball of 23 . If there is no winner from Friday , the jackpot would increase to an estimated $ 975 million , said Athena Hernandez of the D.C. lottery . That drawing would occur Tuesday . The multistate jackpot has grown to become the largest ever offered that could be won by an individual . It has caused long lines at convenience stores and has many dreaming of creative ways to quit their jobs if they get the lucky numbers . "  Friday night 's Mega Millions drawing will truly be a spectacular event in lottery history and provides an unprecedented opportunity for players to take a chance on a half-billion-dollar dream for just the $ 1 price of a ticket , " Gary Grief , executive director of the Texas Lottery and lead director for the Mega Millions group , said before the drawing . Sales have skyrocketed at Manhattan Tobacco , a New York convenience store , cashier Alex Shanahe said . He said the store has proved to be lucky before , having sold winning tickets of $ 3 million and $ 5 million . "  The sales have tripled . Everybody wants to win the Mega Millions , " Shanahe said . A single winner could claim yearly payments or a one-time cash option of $ 462 million , Mega Millions spokeswoman Kelly Cripe said . The drawing will be held at 11 p.m. ET Friday , and it can take several hours for lottery officials to determine whether there is a winner and in what state the winning ticket was purchased . The public can buy tickets until 10:45 p.m. ET Friday , but in Maine , New Hampshire and Vermont , residents can purchase tickets only until 9:50 p.m. Oregon residents can buy tickets until 7 p.m. PT . The Mega Millions lottery is played in 42 states plus the District of Columbia and the Virgin Islands , lottery officials say . Mexicans from Ciudad Juarez were crossing the Rio Grande on Friday to buy tickets in El Paso , Texas . "  I would divide the money among my children and buy them a house here in El Paso , and we would come from Juarez  to  here to live in peace , " said one man . The odds of winning the jackpot are about one in 176 million , which means a person would have a better chance of getting struck by lightning . Richard Lustig , a seven-time lottery winner who has written a book about lottery strategies , said it 's good to buy tickets as part of a group , to increase "  buying power . " And while the urge to take a chance on such a big jackpot may be alluring , Lustig said to guard against getting too enthusiastic . "  Do n't go crazy with this , " he said . "  Do n't get what 's called lottery fever . Do not spend grocery money . Do not spend rent money . " Myra Langford , a 70-year-old retired school administrator , said she knows the odds but still bought five tickets . If she wins , Langford said , she will help fix the roof of her church and move out of the cramped Queens apartment she lived in for the past 47 years . "  You got to be in it to win it , " she said , parroting a commercial . Psychologist Scott Bea told CNN that if a winner is a poor money manager and has been unhappy in life before winning , that 's likely to continue . "  It solves one problem , but it creates a half-billion others , " he said . "  You have about no chance at winning this , but it really gets people excited , " Bea added . His wife asked him if the couple could spend $ 10 on lottery tickets . "  We could probably flush it down the toilet and have the same outcome , but if it gives you some hope , why not ? " Bea said . CNN 's Mary Snow , Michael Martinez , Chris Dignam and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : The winning numbers are 46 23 38 4 2 , with a Mega Ball of 23 Psychologist : "  You have about no chance " at winning "  but it really gets people excited " Friday 's jackpot is the largest ever that an individual can win If there 's no winner , the jackpot will rise to about $ 975 million
CNN  -- Apple and Facebook made the headlines last week on the news that they are offering coverage for their female employees to freeze their eggs . Financial support for egg-freezing represents a bold step by these tech leaders , intended to support women as they manage the modern-day conflict between work and family . It is also the latest incarnation of technological optimism , a belief in quick fixes for complex social , political and cultural issues . But women and men everywhere should be suspicious of egg-freezing as a "  solution . " Egg-freezing has its history in a century of experiments applying cold to reproductive cells to maximize productivity . Cattle breeders in the mid-1900s began freezing bull semen so they could impregnate many cows all at once by the same bull . In this way they could standardize and control conception to generate the highest profits . The techniques developed in agriculture traveled to fertility clinics , and today a similar logic prevails in human sperm banks . As commentators have been quick to point out , human egg-freezing is a new technology that carries bodily risk and high rates of failure . To stockpile eggs in the freezer , women self-inject powerful hormones for several weeks before undergoing outpatient surgery . In the short term , women face risks from the drugs and egg retrieval procedure . As for the long term , there are zero longitudinal studies on the health effects of exposing women 's bodies to fertility medications . And because of high failure rates , even if women go through all this trouble , fewer than 3 in 10 will end up with a baby . But even if the technology were perfect , the proposal to help women put motherhood on ice so they can focus on their jobs is shortsighted . Historically , the relationship between technology and women 's work has been complicated . For example , as Ruth Schwartz Cowan argued in the classic "  More Work for Mother , " the introduction of household technologies like the vacuum cleaner added to women 's workload by raising standards of cleanliness to new heights . Egg-freezing is a technological response to a situation that results from an earlier pharmaceutical fix for work-life balance : the birth control pill . As the historian Elaine Tyler May documents , women used the pill to delay childbearing and enter the workforce . But when women initiate families later in life , they can have difficulty conceiving . The pill helped contribute to the current situation in which birth control and children are seen as a woman 's choice and responsibility -- and men , employers and governments need not adapt . New corporate policies supporting egg-freezing replicate this problem . Indeed , the structural organization of work has proved more inflexible than women 's ovaries . At the beginning of the Industrial Revolution , when wage labor was being regularized , workers were compelled  sometimes via force and sometimes via incentives  to show up on time and to order their lives along the expectations of their employers . The tech industry has reconfigured the places and even the hours that people work , but it still sets a very demanding pace . What 's more , women now constitute almost half of all workers . And rather than making fundamental changes to the structure of work in our society to accommodate women 's reproductive years , technological optimists reach for an engineering solution . Have a conflict between women 's biological clock and work productivity ? Freeze the eggs . Instead , the goal should be to build systems of production that allow us to live our lives without constantly watching the clock . For example , Princeton political scientist Anne-Marie Slaughter has proposed aligning the work day with the school day . To be sure , men also feel pulled by the competing demands of work and family , and there is growing scientific evidence that they too have biological clocks . A recent study published in the journal Nature demonstrated that with every passing year , men 's sperm is more likely to contain harmful genetic mutations that contribute to their children 's risk of autism and schizophrenia . Will Apple and Facebook suggest to their male employees that they freeze sperm in order to postpone fatherhood ? Freezing eggs appears to make reproduction controllable , but one can not freeze time . Even if cells can be hoarded and stored , time can not . Time and life and bodies march on ; we age , even if our reproductive materials are transformed into frozen assets . Egg-freezing may be an optimal choice for some women , but it is not a solution to the overwhelming pressures that result from companies requiring long work hours and constant availability . Instead , we must demand policies that have been demonstrated to alleviate the strain for mothers and fathers alike : a living wage , reasonable work hours , paid parental leave , and child care . Freezing eggs simply defers the pressures of today to tomorrow .	Writers : Apple , Facebook offer coverage for women employees freezing their eggs It 's quick fix for tricky social , cultural issues -- do n't buy it , they say They say the policy expects women to be flexible , not companies Writers : Instead , demand policies that ease the workplace strain for mothers , fathers
CNN  -- A pair of makeshift bombs blew up Thursday inside a Memphis , Tennessee , high school , sending one person to a hospital and two into police custody , officials said . The "  pressurized " devices , which incorporated Drano clog remover , were placed in different hallways -- one on the second floor , the other on the third floor -- of Craigmont High School , Memphis Fire Department Lt. Wayne Cook said . "  What it appears is that we had a student or two do a prank , " said Staci Franklin , a spokeswoman for Memphis schools , describing each device as a "  mailbox bomb . " Police received a call around 11:20 a.m. CT to inform them that someone had called the school warning of a bomb , Memphis police Sgt. Karen Rudolph said . After the bomb threat , school staff heard a loud noise and saw fumes , Rudolph added . An assistant principal sought medical treatment after inhaling smoke from one of the bombs while evacuating students , according to Franklin . The injured person was taken to Methodist North Hospital in Memphis , Cook said . Franklin said the school staff member was believed to be OK . Rudolph said that no other injuries were reported . By that time , two possible suspects had been tracked down and taken into custody , Rudolph said . In addition to firefighters , Memphis police and members of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were on site Thursday afternoon , the fire department lieutenant said . Rudolph said members of the police department 's bomb unit were inside the school to clear out damage . Craigmont High School is on 50 acres in northeastern Memphis , a few miles from Interstate 40 . The school has about 1,300 enrolled students , Cook said .	NEW : 2 possible suspects are in custody , a Memphis police sergeant says NEW : There was a loud noise after a bomb threat was made , according to police An assistant principal suffers smoke inhalation and is taken to hospital It appears to be a prank , a school spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Jon Meis ' reported habit of carrying pepper spray may have saved students ' lives after a man opened fire at a Seattle college . The shooter had just wounded three people Thursday , one of whom died . He was reloading his shotgun when Meis , a volunteer security guard , saw an opening . He doused the gunman with the spray and tackled him to the ground . Other students at Seattle Pacific University piled on and took the weapon away from suspected shooter Aaron Ybarra , 26 , police said . Officers are convinced the bloodshed at the Christian school would have been worse had Meis and the others not intervened . A man who said he was close friends with Meis ' older brother and sister-and-law described him as "  amazingly resourceful . " "  I was n't surprised to see he was the hero -- his resourcefulness , love for others and knowledge of the greater good are what defines him , in my mind , " Andrew Van Ness told CNN in an e-mail . Van Ness said Meis enjoyed playing a campus "  humans versus zombies " game organized by the school 's Student Union Board , finishing in the top 10 both times the game was held . On Thursday , Meis appeared shaken , at moments on the verge of tears , when ambulances arrived to tend to the wounded . Medics put him on a stretcher and took him to a hospital to check him over . Harborview Medical Center spokeswoman Susan Gregg did n't identify Meis by name but said a man believed to be the student hero was thoroughly evaluated and released . He had no injuries , she said . Police would not give out his name , but one of his friends was quick to point him out to CNN affiliate KOMO and pour out his gratitude . "  I could have been one of these people that was injured or in critical condition , " said Meis ' friend Patrick Maguire . "  A lot of  students  were in that building , and he stopped him in the lobby . He did n't get any farther than that . I 'm grateful for him , yeah . " Meis , an engineering student , has a reputation for keeping a low profile , not seeking attention , The Seattle Times reported . He is known as a devout Christian and an excellent student . Meis ' sister told the newspaper that the family was n't commenting for the moment . But he has n't been able to dodge the social media limelight , which has plastered his name and photos across the Internet with emphatic kudos . "  Hero " was the common refrain . "  Jon Meis is a hero . I have no words for his courage , " user Molli Elizabeth posted to Twitter . "  Jon Meis , You are my hero ! Greater love has no one than this : to lay down one 's life for one 's friends .  Jn 15:13  , " Tweeter Shane Bengry posted with reference to a Bible verse . His longtime roommate Ryan Salgado told The Seattle Times about the pepper spray . He said Meis regularly carries it , just in case . CNN 's Justin Lear and Rick Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : Family friend describes hero as "  amazingly resourceful " Authorities have n't named the man but say he saved lives Friends identify the hero as Jon Meis He reportedly regularly carries pepper spray around with him
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Whitney Houston died from an accidental drowning in a hotel bathtub , but the "  effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use " were contributing factors in her death , the Los Angeles County coroner said in an initial autopsy report released Thursday . Houston , 48 , was "  found submerged in bathtub filled with water " and "  no trauma or foul play is suspected , " the coroner said in a one-page release . Her cocaine use appeared to have occurred "  in the time period just immediately prior to her collapse in the bathtub at the hotel , " Chief Coroner Craig Harvey told reporters . The 60 % narrowing of her arteries "  suggest a cardiac event complicated by the cocaine use " led to Houston 's slipping underwater , Harvey said . "  Something happened that caused her to go down and we know that when she slipped under the water she was still alive , " he said . "  We have evidence of drowning since there was water in the lungs . " The toxicology tests found other drugs in her body , including marijuana , the anti-anxiety drug Xanax , the muscle relaxant Flexeril and the allergy medicine Benadryl , the report said . But these drugs "  did not contribute to the death , " it said . The report released Thursday did not disclose the levels of each drug , but that information will be included in the final coroner report to be made public within two weeks , the coroner said . Houston 's family , which had been informed of the findings before Thursday 's release , issued a statement through a family spokeswoman . "  We are saddened to learn of the toxicology results , although we are glad to now have closure , " said Patricia Houston , the singer 's sister-in-law and former manager . Houston died February 11 in her room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the day before the music industry gathered for the annual Grammy Awards in Los Angeles . Authorities had said that police and fire officials were called to Houston 's room at the Beverly Hilton after her unconscious body was found in the bathtub , just hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy party at the hotel . Houston won six Grammys and sold 170 million albums , singles and videos over her career . In recent years , the singer 's accomplishments were overtaken by her struggles with drug addiction . CNN 's Jack Hannah and Kareen Wynter contributed to this report .	Houston used cocaine just before collapse in the bathtub , coroner says Narrowed arteries "  suggest a cardiac event " caused her collapse Marijuana , Xanax , Flexeril and Benadryl found in her blood played no role , coroner says Houston died in her room at the Beverly Hilton Hotel a day before the Grammys
CNN  -- Former 2004 Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards , who admitted last week that he fathered a child with a videographer who worked on his campaign , has legally separated from his wife , Elizabeth , a source close to her said Wednesday . The source would not say when the separation occurred , only that it happened a while ago . The source said he or she spoke to Elizabeth Edwards in recent days , and would not speak on the record because of the sensitivity of the situation . John Edwards issued a statement Wednesday , calling it "  an extraordinarily sad moment , but I love my children more than anything and still care deeply about Elizabeth . " Elizabeth Edwards ' publisher , Random House , released a statement saying , "  Elizabeth is moving on with her life and wants to put this difficult chapter behind her . It was an excruciatingly painful period for her and she -LSB- has -RSB- no interest in rehashing the past . " News of the separation comes a week before a tell-all book by Andrew Young , a one-time close confidante of John Edwards , is set to hit bookstores . "  Based on the limited portions of the book that have been made available , it is clear it contains many falsehoods and exaggerations , " the statement from Random House said . " -LSB- Elizabeth Edwards -RSB- will not engage in a dialogue on each of the false charges , but would like to set the record straight on two key points . "  First , the allegation that she sought to politicize her cancer is unconscionable , hurtful and patently false . Second , she believed Andrew Young to be the father of this child until her husband confessed his paternity to her this past summer . She will have nothing further to say . " Edwards , 56 , had denied he was the father of his mistress Rielle Hunter 's infant for more than a year , saying his self-admitted affair with her was over before she became pregnant . People magazine , a CNN sister organization , first reported the story . Elizabeth Edwards ' sister , Nancy Anania , told People magazine in an article dated Wednesday that Elizabeth Edwards told her , "  I 've had it . I ca n't do this . I want my life back . " The sister told the magazine , "  She 's got cancer and has young children and totally believes in marriage ... but she can only do so much . " Read the People story John Edwards , a former U.S. senator from North Carolina , sought his party 's presidential nomination in 2004 and 2008 . On November 3 , 2004 , the day her husband and Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , conceded the presidential race , Elizabeth Edwards revealed she had been diagnosed with breast cancer . She discovered a lump in her right breast the last week of the campaign , but said she withheld the diagnosis from her husband to spare him the distraction during the campaign . She announced in 2007 that the cancer had recurred . Last year , she told CNN 's Larry King that the medicine she was taking seemed to be working . However , she said the situation was "  up and down . " Elizabeth Edwards , 60 , and her husband have been married for 32 years . They had four children together . The oldest , Wade , died in a car accident in 1996 . Spokesmen for both of the Edwardses did not return CNN calls seeking comment . CNN 's Deb Krajnak contributed to this report .	Ex-Sen . John Edwards admitted last week to fathering child with videographer Source close to Elizabeth Edwards says ex-senator and wife have separated Sister tells magazine that Elizabeth Edwards said , "  I 've had it . I ca n't do this "
CNN  -- Shark experts began arriving in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el-Sheikh on Tuesday to investigate what led to four attacks over the last week that killed a German woman and injured three snorkelers , officials said . The behavioral experts will form an advisory team to assess and advise on the best course of action following the attacks , according to Jochen Van Lysebettens , general operations manager of the Red Sea Diving College in Sharm el-Sheikh . The tab for the expert advice is being picked up by the Ministry of Tourism . Van Lysebettens said the reason behind the shark attacks needs to be determined in order to stop it . Sharm el-Sheikh beach will remain closed until the shark responsible for Sunday 's fatal attack is found , according to Egypt 's Interior Ministry . A 70-year-old woman , a regular guest at the resort , was snorkeling near a reef on Sunday when she was attacked , he said . She called for help , and a lifeguard brought her to shore , but she had lost too much blood and resuscitation efforts failed , Van Lysebettens said . The woman 's arm and leg had been severed , he said . Amateur video of the attack showed splashing in shallow water as boaters looked on . "  It came at her , " said the tourist and videographer , who asked not to be identified . The shark "  kept biting her while she was screaming for help and trying to get away , " he said . The videographer 's voice can be heard in the video , growing increasingly loud as the attack continued without apparent intervention from onlookers aboard nearby boats . "  Look at the blood , " he said . "  Oh my god . " After the incident , the Chamber of Diving and Watersports called on its members in the region "  to stop any snorkeling activities happening from any boats or shore . " The chamber is under the umbrella of the Egyptian Tourist Federation . On Friday , two sharks were caught and killed near the South Sinai National Park on the Sharm el-Sheikh coast , according to the Chamber of Diving and Watersports . The three injured snorkelers -- two Russian women and a man from the Ukraine -- were attacked in a 24-hour period November 30 and December 1 , the chamber said . Van Lysebettens said he is not a marine biologist , but many have speculated an oceanic white-tipped shark was responsible for the German woman 's death , as well as the other attacks . But the videographer of Sunday 's attack said the shark he filmed did not have white markings on its fins . Some are upset because the two sharks killed Friday are thought to be innocent . They were a mako shark and another oceanic white-tipped shark -- which did not match pictures taken by someone accompanying one of the injured snorkelers , Van Lysebettens said . "  This incident has clearly shocked our community , and the CDWS is continuing its investigation into why this may have happened , " Hesham Gabr , head of the Chamber of Diving and Watersports , said in the statement . "  It is clear from our initial discussions with shark behavioral experts that this highly unusual spate of attacks by an oceanic  white tipped  shark was triggered by an activity , most probably illegal fishing or feeding in the area . " Several divers in the area saw carcasses of dead sheep in the water last week , Van Lysebettens said . It 's not known how they got there , he said , but they could have washed out to sea or fallen off a boat . The shark may have been attracted by the carcass , he said , and could now be attacking slow-moving things on the water 's surface . Van Lysebettens also said chumming could be to blame for the attacks . Chum is a mixture of blood and dead fish parts , which is used to lure sharks . CNN 's Brian Walker and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Officials have closed area beaches until the shark is found A German woman dies Sunday in a shark attack 3 snorkelers injured previously ; 2 sharks have been caught and killed
Los Angeles  CNN  -- As the manhunt for the renegade ex-cop accused of killing three people in a revenge plot targeting the Los Angeles Police Department enters its second week , the big question facing authorities is : Where is Christopher Jordan Dorner ? The search , considered one of the largest in the history of Southern California , has taken authorities from Orange County to the border of Mexico , from Los Angeles to the Big Bear Lake resort area of the San Bernardino Mountains . Even so , a week after Dorner allegedly began targeting police officers and their families , putting the region on edge , there was no sign of the man on Monday . A "  no bail " arrest warrant was issued for Dorner after the Riverside County district attorney filed a murder charge Monday against him in the killing of Riverside Police Officer Michael Crain . "  That allows him to be apprehended anywhere within California , out of state or out of the country , " District Attorney Paul Zellerbach told reporters at a news conference Monday . The murder charge is accompanied by two "  special circumstances , " including killing a police officer on duty and firing a weapon from a vehicle , Zellerbach said . Dorner was also charged with the attempted murder of three other police officers , including a Riverside officer who was wounded when Crain was killed . That officer , whose name has not been made public , is in a lot of pain and faces "  many surgeries , " Riverside Police Chief Sergio Diaz said . The other two charges accuse Dorner of opening fire on two LAPD police officers , wounding one , in the suburb of Corona . Los Angeles police spokesman Lt. Andy Neiman said the department had received more than 700 tips on Dorner 's whereabouts . Some of the calls have come from Dorner 's past acquaintances or people who think they have spotted the fugitive . The city of Los Angeles put up $ 1 million in reward money Sunday for help catching Dorner , an announcement that followed news that the LAPD was reopening the case that resulted in his termination . Dorner accused his training officer of kicking a mentally ill man during an arrest in 2007 . The LAPD ruled the complaint unfounded and booted Dorner off the force for filing a false complaint . He challenged his firing in court and lost . In a manifesto released last week , Dorner blamed racism and corruption in the LAPD for his termination and vowed to wage "  unconventional and asymmetrical warfare " against LAPD officers and their families . He called it a "  last resort " to clear his name and strike back at a department he says mistreated him . LAPD Chief Charlie Beck had a different term for it Sunday . "  This is an act -- and make no mistake about it -- of domestic terrorism , " he told reporters Sunday during a televised news conference . "  This is a man who has targeted those that we entrust to protect the public . His actions can not go unanswered . " Time line in manhunt Targeting police Authorities say Dorner began making good on his threats on February 4 when he allegedly killed Monica Quan and her fiance , Keith Lawrence , in an Irvine parking lot , south of Los Angeles . Quan was the daughter of a now-retired Los Angeles police officer , who represented Dorner during the disciplinary hearing that resulted in his firing . The officer was among dozens named in the manifesto . The retired officer told investigators that he received a call from someone identifying himself as Dorner who told him he "  should have done a better job of protecting his daughter , " according to a federal arrest warrant affidavit . Investigators traced the call to Vancouver , Washington , but based on the timing of other sightings , they do n't believe Dorner was in Vancouver at the time , the affidavit states . Days later , early Thursday morning , Dorner allegedly opened fire on two LAPD police officers , wounding one , in the suburban city of Corona . Roughly 20 minutes later , Dorner allegedly fired on two officers in the nearby city of Riverside , killing one and wounding another . On Sunday , authorities identified the slain officer as Michael Crain , an 11-year veteran of the Riverside Police Department . Since then , the LAPD has provided more than 50 police officers and their families -- many of whom were named in the manifesto -- with security and surveillance details . Additionally , the LAPD is no longer releasing the police chief 's schedule to the public or the media . Beck refused to discuss whether Dorner had been observed in the neighborhoods of any of those named in the manifesto , but added : "  You fish where the fish are , and Mr. Dorner has made his intentions very clear . " In recent days , the search for the 270-pound , 6-foot Dorner has been focused on the Big Bear Lake area , where authorities say his burning truck was discovered last week after he allegedly began carrying out his threats to kill police and their family members . Search continues The search in Big Bear continued Monday night into Tuesday morning , the San Bernardino County sheriff 's department said . About 30 officers are searching for Dorner , police said . There have been no sightings of Dorner in the Big Bear area , the news release said . There has been speculation , based in part on an arrest warrant affidavit filed last week , that Dorner could have crossed state lines into Nevada or made his way to Mexico . Federal authorities , meanwhile , were asking anyone across the country with information about Dorner or his whereabouts to contact their local FBI or U.S. Marshals Service . "  Should any citizen have information , I encourage you to make that phone call , " said Bill L. Lewis , the assistant director of the FBI 's Los Angeles division . Police were also chasing down unconfirmed sightings of Dorner , including one Sunday in the San Fernando Valley after two people reported seeing someone who resembled the former police officer inside a Lowes home improvement store . The store in Northridge was evacuated , but there was no sign of Dorner . The LAPD , meanwhile , also beefed up security at the Grammy Awards on Sunday "  out of an abundance of caution , " police Cmdr. Andy Smith said . ` Ghosts ' of the LAPD 's past It 's Dorner 's allegations of racism at the LAPD that led Beck over the weekend to reopen the investigation into his claims . Beck said he was not doing it to "  appease a murderer " but out of concern that Dorner 's allegations will resurrect a painful part of the department 's history . For years , the LAPD was dogged by complaints of racism and corruption . In 1965 and 1992 , the city was rocked by racial riots that were sparked , in part , by claims of police racism and brutality . "  I hear the same things you hear : The ghosts of the past of the Los Angeles Police Department , " Beck said Sunday . "  I hear that people think maybe there is something to what he says , and I want to put that to rest . " Despite numerous reviews of Dorner 's case , he said it has "  never been reviewed by me . " "  If there is anything new , we will deal with it , and we will deal with it in a public way , " Beck said . LAPD haunted by past CNN 's Matt Smith and Steve Almasy contributed to this report . Paul Vercammen and Stan Wilson reported from Big Bear Lake , and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta .	NEW : Big Bear search continues even though suspect has not been seen there Murder charge filed against Christopher Dorner in cop 's death A "  no bail " warrant "  allows him to be apprehended anywhere , " prosecutor says Authorities are offering a $ 1 million reward for information leading to an arrest
CNN  -- Sub-Saharan Africa 's economic renaissance is fueling an investment drive by fast food joints looking to tap the continent 's growing middle class . The likes of Kentucky Fried Chicken  KFC  and Domino 's pizza are opening up in African growth markets from Nigeria to Angola to give consumers a taste of U.S. cuisine . Elias Schulze , managing partner of The Africa Group , a boutique Africa-focused investment consultancy , said U.S. takeout stores are rapidly becoming "  aspirational brands " for cosmopolitan Africans with disposable income . He said : "  An upwardly mobile , confident , Western-leaning and young consumer class bodes well for an American burger boom . " And the battle for the African market is well underway . This year , Yum ! Brands -- owner of KFC , Taco Bell and Pizza Hut -- is expanding into Tanzania , Uganda and Zimbabwe . The Louisville-based restaurant giant already has outlets in 14 African countries , with more than 700 KFCs in South Africa and plans to open a further 45 stores in 2013 . Read this : South Africans thirsty for craft beer And with growing political and economic stability , Western fast food brands are approaching the region with a renewed sense of optimism , according to Schulze . He said KFC is an established brand on the continent today , adding : "  My general sense is that markets beyond South Africa in sub-Saharan Africa are in the investing phase given their level of infancy and may not have reached a payback point quite yet . " And more big players are beginning to follow suit . In May , Burger King opened for business in South Africa and last year Domino 's -- the U.S. pizza chain -- opened its first African store in Nigeria , the continent 's most populous nation . With two stores already , Domino 's is planning to launch three more African branches by the end of this year . To cater to local tastes , the pizza chain launched a Chicken Jollof pizza -- a rice-based dish popular to West Africa -- and a Suya special , consisting of spicy marinated meat . Charbel Antoun , partner at Eat N Go , which helped launch Domino 's in Nigeria , said that adapting the menu to the local culture and food was crucial to the brand 's success . He added : "  To compete in the market we have very competitive prices . Ninety-five percent of our customers are Nigerian ... and these are the consumers we 're looking to attract . " Read this : African firm invests billions in U.S. Price competitive However , the cost of Western fast food brands in many parts of Africa relative to wages remains high , excluding many people , who simply can not afford it . While sub-Saharan Africa is home to some of the world 's fastest-growing economies , millions of people are still languishing in extreme poverty . For example , the cost of a KFC meal in Malawi -- including a burger , fries and drink -- is more than $ 9 but with 50 % of the country 's population below the World Bank 's poverty line , fast food is an unaffordable luxury for most . Across the continent Western brands remain high compared to other parts of the world , according to Schulze . He said the average cost of a KFC meal in Africa is roughly 40 % higher compared to a branch in Brooklyn and 80 % more than a similar meal in Shanghai . Still , the future looks bright for sub-Saharan Africa . On average , the region is set to grow at more than 5 % between 2013-15 as millions of new consumers emerge from poverty and commodity prices continue to rise , according to data from the World Bank . A McKinsey & Company 2012 report on African consumers projects $ 410 billion in growth for consumer-facing industries across Africa by 2020 ; of this roughly 45 % or $ 185 billion will flow from apparel , consumer goods and food businesses . The report also found Africans remain "  exceptionally optimistic about their economic future " and very brand conscious in purchasing decisions .	U.S. fast food brands are increasingly opening branches across Africa KFC has outlets in 14 African countries , with over 700 KFCs in South Africa Pizza chain Domino 's plans three more African branches by the end of this year African branches often introduce new dishes to cater to local tastes
CNN  -- Amid the worsening conflict in his country , Somalia 's president made a plea for Somalis living in the United States to stop sending their young men to fight . A Somali rebel points a heavy machine gun in the direction of government forces July 3 . "  I call on the Somali-American community not to send their youth to Somalia to fight alongside al-Shabaab , " President Sheik Sharif Ahmed said on Sunday . He was referring to the Islamist militant group that is waging a brutal war against his administration in Mogadishu . "  I am saying to those young men from abroad : ` Your families fled your home to America because of insecurity . You should not return here to ferment violence against your people , ' " he said . Somalis began arriving in the United States in significant numbers after the U.S. intervention in Somalia 's humanitarian crisis in 1992 . A sizable group of young Somali-American men left Minneapolis last year and were feared recruited by al-Shabaab militants . In October , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , a Somali-American who had been radicalized by al-Shabaab in his adopted home state of Minnesota , traveled to Somalia and blew up himself and 29 others . The incident -- the first-ever suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen -- raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community . The president 's call came after fresh fighting erupted Sunday between Somalia 's transitional government forces and Islamist rebels . According to several witness accounts , AMISOM -- the African Union Mission to Somalia -- supported government forces to push back al-Shabaab as the militia attacked the presidential palace . AMISOM tanks and soldiers were involved in the fighting , according to witnesses . "  The sound of heavy artillery in Mogadishu was very loud and continuous , " a witness told CNN . "  It was shaking the ground , and many buildings were destroyed by the shelling . " The president called the operation "  a clear victory " against al-Shabaab . "  Our forces have weakened the strength of the al-Shabaab militia in this fighting , " Ahmed said . Government forces displayed the bodies of five al-Shabaab fighters in their trademark green uniforms . Al-Shabaab , a group that is on the U.S. government 's terror watch list , remains entrenched in the northeast and sections of the south of the capital . The group categorized the involvement of AMISOM as a shift in their attempts to overthrow the transitional government . "  The fighting in Mogadishu has entered a new phase . Now it 's between us and AMISOM , " said Ali Mohamud Rage , a spokesman for al-Shabaab . "  AMISOM was backing up the government directly , but we will keep fighting . " Somalia has been mired in chaos since 1991 , when warlords overthrew dictator Mohamed Siad Barre and sparked brutal clan infighting . The transitional government has struggled to establish authority , challenged by Islamist groups that have seized control of Mogadishu and much of the south . The United Nations estimates that more than 200,000 people have been forced to flee Mogadishu since the latest round of fighting began in early May between the government and the Al-Shabaab and Hisb-ul-Islam groups . The Somali-American population in the United States is concentrated in clusters primarily in Minneapolis ; Columbus , Ohio ; Seattle , Washington ; and San Diego , California . The potential recruitment of young Somali-American men has been made possible by "  a number of factors that come together when a dynamic , influential and extremist leader gains access to a despondent and disenfranchised group of young men , " Andrew Liepman , deputy director for intelligence at the National Counterterrorism Center , said earlier this year . Many refugees , he said , "  lack structure and definition in their lives " and are "  torn between their parents ' traditional tribal and clan identities , and the new cultures and traditions offered by American society . "	President Sheik Sharif Ahmed says U.S.-Somalis joining Islamist rebels Many Somalis went to U.S. after 1992 American intervention in Somalia Fresh fighting has erupted between transitional government and rebels U.N. estimates 200,000 people have been forced to flee Somali capital
CNN  -- Both Brazil and Indonesia have embarked on programs to protect their tropical rainforests , which contain a rich treasury of life . Although many millions of species are known to inhabit this ecosystem , quantifying precisely how many plants and animals rely on the rainforest is difficult . David Ainsworth of the Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity told CNN : "  It is estimated that at least two-thirds of all Earth 's terrestrial species are found in tropical forests . "  The exact number of species which depend on tropical rainforests is not known -- but they are very old ecosystems that have survived ice ages and allowed uninterrupted evolution over millions of years . " In collating forest biodiversity research for CNN , the Secretariat highlighted one example that shows the astonishing variety of life : Yasuni National Park in Ecuador is less than 0.5 % of the Amazon basin but estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects -- or about the same as the whole of North America . Environmental protection group , The Nature Conservancy , says a typical 10-square-kilometre  four-square-mile  patch of rainforest contains as many as 1,500 flowering plants , 750 species of trees , 400 species of birds and 150 species of butterflies . And new species are being discovered all the time . In January , CNN reported that scientists had found 46 previously unknown species in southwest Suriname in South America -- including an amphibian nicknamed the Pac-Man Frog that has a mouth as wide as its body and a new species of insect , affectionately referred to as the Crayola Katydid . The Secretariat adds : "  Excluding microbes , it is estimated that about 6,200 species are discovered every year and given that tropical forests contain a disproportionately large number of Earth 's land species , it can be assumed that many are in the forests . " As well its timber resources , the forests have provided agricultural land , food , water , minerals and energy -- and a home for many indigenous forest peoples . There are hidden benefits too . Forest plants are a source of chemicals and medicines , some of which have been used in the treatment of cancers . The Millennium Ecosystem Assessment in 2005 suggested that forests are the basis of more than 5,000 commercial products . Read more : Brazil vote sparks fears for future of rainforest	Scientists believe at least two-thirds of Earth 's land species found in tropical forests Yasuni National Park in Ecuador estimated to contain 100,000 species of insects As well timber , forests provide agricultural land , food , water , minerals and energy
Istanbul  CNN  -- Red banners flapped in the breeze of a packed Istanbul street Wednesday , where demonstrators gathered to listen to opposition members lambast Turkey 's Prime Minister for a second day . Embarrassing audio recordings that sound like Recep Tayyip Erdogan giving his son money laundering tips over the phone have become a social media rage that poured out into the streets this week . The crowd chanted "  corruption everywhere , bribery everywhere " and held up signs mocking the alleged phone conversations between Erdogan and his son Bilal . "  Daddy , is that you ? " one read . A day earlier , Erdogan made a full-throated denial . He did not say that the voice heard was not his , but that the recording was "  immoral edited material . " "  They are listening to the government 's encrypted phones ; that 's how low they have sunk , " Erdogan said . He denounced the recordings not as an attack on his person , but on the Turkish Republic , and he fingered interest groups that he has long accused of plotting to overthrow his government . Two people were dismissed and five were suspended in the past two days from a key government advisory group because of the scandal , the state-run Anadolu news agency reported . The Minister of Science , Industry and Technology , Fikri Isik , said the former head of the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey 's Information Technology department and the head of a leading technology center were dismissed . Five people responsible for encrypted phones for the research council were suspended . Opposition exploits The recordings were just what his opposition was looking for in a corruption scandal that bogged down the country for months . Kemal Kilicdaroglu , leader of the opposition Republican People 's Party , or CHP , played the recordings at a speech before an assembly of CHP lawmakers . "  Either you take a helicopter and flee abroad , or you resign , " Kilicdaroglu said in a jab at Erdogan . Most mainstream Turkish television channels interrupted their live broadcast of Kilicdaroglu 's speech when he began playing audio of the alleged conversation between Erdogan and his son . They then resumed the broadcast after the audio recordings stopped playing . The recordings appear to be wiretaps of a series of conversations allegedly between Erdogan and Bilal . They were allegedly made the day after a wide-reaching corruption investigation ensnared the sons of three Cabinet members . Bilal was questioned , but never detained in the investigation . Recordings common Embarrassing recordings of private phone conversations have been emerging on the Internet on an almost weekly basis in Turkey , ever since police detained the Cabinet minsters ' sons and dozens of other businessmen and officials closely linked to Erdogan 's government on December 17 . The government denounced the investigations , saying they were part of a coup attempt by what Erdogan officials described as a "  parallel state " established within the police force and the judiciary . Thousands of police officers were removed from their posts after the corruption investigation , which caught Erdogan 's administration by surprise . The top prosecutors who led the investigation have also been stripped of their positions . Meanwhile , the government has passed a highly controversial law that gives it direct control over the judiciary . Is instability the ` new normal ' for Turkey ? Turkey resignations : Corruption or power struggle with Islamic cleric in U.S. ? More arrests as power struggle racks Erdogan government in Turkey	NEW : Several people responsible for encrypted phones were dismissed or suspended Recordings allegedly of Erdogan talking to his son about money laundering go viral Protesters lambast the Prime Minster for a second day The recordings were allegedly made amid a wide-reaching corruption investigation
CNN  -- German prosecutors ordered the arrest this week of a German citizen on suspicion of spying for foreign intelligence agencies . A day later , on Friday , the German foreign office called in the U.S. ambassador to discuss it . Foreign Secretary Stephan Steinlein "  requested the U.S. ambassador participate in a rapid solving " of the spying case , Germany 's foreign office said in a statement . Both the German prosecutor and the foreign office released scarce information , but officials have spoken in detail with German journalists , who published many reports on the allegations of renewed U.S. spying on the country . The reports re-inflamed public anger at the U.S. government . The suspect , a German intelligence employee , allegedly stole government documents , according to German media reports . These included papers taken from the German parliament 's special committee to address the National Security Agency spying . The employee allegedly sold them to U.S. intelligence representatives for thousands of dollars , according to multiple reports . Germany investigating alleged U.S. surveillance of Merkel 's phone India summons U.S. diplomat over report of NSA spying Opinion : A year after Snowden , the real costs of NSA surveillance	German prosecutors arrested a German citizen on allegations of spying for a foreign country Its foreign office asked the U.S. ambassador to help them quickly solve the case The suspect stole government documents and sold them to U.S. agents , according to reports
CNN  -- When the Arab League asked for U.N. Security Council endorsement of its call for a new government in Syria and sought the imposition of sanctions to pressure Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , the Russians went toe-to-toe with the United States , publicly and behind closed doors . The Russians forced significant concessions in the wording and meaning of the resolution . They won the elimination of sanctions . And then they rejected the compromise they forged . Looks like , feels like , sounds like Cold War redux . But this assessment is overly simplified . So too are assertions that Russia cast its veto to protect a client state or as revenge against the West after being burned by the Libya resolutions . More precisely , the Russian tactics and veto are a rejection of the proactive , norm-enforcing Security Council that has emerged in the past decade . The Libyan case was the Russians ' final straw for their claim that the Council had moved beyond the constraints that the charter places on U.N. infringement of national sovereignty , the use of force , and imposing economic sanctions . One of Moscow 's major goals is to end the Council 's regular use of sanctions as a leveraging tool or to isolate a state . The Russians have maintained that Council sanctions resolutions should be the maximum method of coercion . But the West has considered such sanctions as a springboard for the U.S. Treasury and EU banks to enforce far reaching asset freezes and banking restrictions . This week , as foreshadowed in their October veto , the Russians signaled the end of the U.N. sanctions era . The significance of this action can not be overstated . Beginning with the sanctions against Iraq in August 1990 , the Security Council has imposed sanctions in 20 cases and placed peacekeeping missions in dangerous war zones 19 times . Such proactive council legislation has been successful in de-funding al-Qaeda , stifling murderous militias in Africa , slowing nuclear proliferation and protecting innocent civilians from slaughter . Now the Russians have taken the teeth out of the tiger that was the Security Council . Understanding China 's negative vote also requires a wider view . Beijing has only exercised its Security Council veto when Russia has vetoed . Never in council history has China been the lone "  nay . " Reports had been circulating in council corridors hinting that the Chinese were leaning toward abstaining on the Arab League resolution . But to judge their veto as Cold War solidarity also is too simplistic . China 's view of Security Council sanctions has moved from disrespect to outright disdain . Its undermining of sanctions began as the investigative Panels of Experts -- created by the council to monitor sanctions violations in African conflicts -- discovered increasing amounts of Chinese small arms in Sudan , Somalia and Eritrea , despite U.N. arms embargoes . The Chinese have worked especially hard to hide and then to discredit the reports of the Panel of Experts created in Security Council resolution 1874 , which monitors sanctions on North Korea . Breaking with the established transparency practice -- that U.N. Panel Reports are released on the sanctions committee 's website -- the Chinese blocked release of the panel 's 2011 report , even though the document was leaked and had appeared for months on global websites . Re-enter the Russians , who reacted the same way to the first report of the Iran Sanctions Panel of Experts delivered to the council in May 2011 , by blocking its publishing . This created a perfect storm for undermining the effectiveness of the U.N. sanctions championed by the West . In the Security Council Sanctions Committees , the Chinese allied with Russian condemnation of the Iran Panel report and blocked its publication . In turn , Russia supported the Chinese critique of the North Korean panel report . On the face of it , hardball global politics in the Security Council provides a plausible explanation for the Russian-led veto of the Syria resolution . But the reasons underpinning the Moscow-Beijing veto are more far-reaching than that . Their actions seek to roll back advances the Security Council has made in employing various methods , especially economic sanctions , that have been especially successful in achieving the charter 's dual mandate to sustain peace and security and to protect human rights . This is not the Cold War politics of the Security Council revisited -- it is much more serious than that . It is kneecapping the council after two decades of reasonable success . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of George Lopez .	Russia vetoed Arab League call for sanctions on Syria ; China went along George Lopez : The veto is effort to keep U.N. from imposing sanctions , period Russia believes the U.N. must be limited in its response to crises , he writes Lopez : China , Russia want to curb U.N. 's ability to promote peace , human rights
CNN  -- The heat was off Roger Federer as he joined fellow grand slam winners Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray in the final 16 at the Australian Open . Federer zipped through a 6-2 6-2 6-3 win over unseeded Russian Teymuraz Gabashvili as the searing temperatures eased in Melbourne and distinctly grayer skies loomed over the show courts . The 32-year-old is chasing a fifth title in Australia and an 18th career grand slam but for now Federer is grateful for small mercies after a niggling back injury saw him lose form in 2013 . "  I 'm just happy waking up in the morning and not feeling like an old man , " he told reporters . "  So that 's very positive . Right now I feel very fresh and very good physically . "  My first goal was to get through the first week , now clearly the draw is very difficult . I 've done the work , I 've not lost a set so far , so we 'll see how it goes . " It 's a French test for Federer next as he faces Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , the 10th seed , for a place in the quarterfinals . If he advances to the final eight , Federer would face Murray -- the man who beat him in an absorbing Australian semifinal last season . Murray , the Wimbledon champion , battled through a first set tiebreak to see off Spain 's Feliciano Lopez for his place in the last 16 , where he faces unseeded Frenchman Stephane Robert . Confident was the word Nadal ominously used to describe how he was feeling after he breezed through with a 6-1 6-2 6-3 win over Gael Monfils . "  Well today I think I have to say that I played well from everywhere , no ? " the Spanish world No. 1 teased reporters after his match in Melbourne . In the women 's draw , defending champion Victoria Azarenka lost just one game as she whizzed into the fourth round in Melbourne . There she will face American Sloane Stephens in a rematch of last year 's semifinal when Azarenka caused a stir by taking a medical timeout just as Stephens appeared to have the upper hand in the second set . "  We left it all here last year , " said Azarenka , when asked if she had spoken to Stephens about the incident . "  That 's what is important for me , to play another match . I 'm looking forward to it . " Russian third seed Maria Sharapova hit her way through a tight second set to see off France 's Alize Cornet 6-1 7-6 while fifth seed Agnieszka Radwanska and Jelena Jankovic also advanced . But there was disappointment for Danish 10th seed Caroline Wozniacki as she lost 6-4 5-7 3-6 to unseeded Spaniard Garbine Muguruza . Wozniacki , who is engaged to golfer Rory McIlroy , said she now intends to zone out from the Australian Open -- although she said it politely of course . "  When I 'm not in the tournament anymore , it sounds rude , but I do n't really look at the games anymore , " she explained .	Four-time Australian Open winner Roger Federer reaches last 16 Top seed Rafael Nadal goes through with win over Gael Monfils in Melbourne Wimbledon champ Andy Murray sees off Feliciano Lopez to join them in fourth round Maria Sharapova , Sloane Stephens and Victoria Azarenka through in women 's draw
CNN  -- An initial investigation shows no sign of foul play in the death of a woman who fell from a roller coaster at Six Flags Over Texas , authorities said Saturday . "  At this point of the investigation , it does not appear there was any foul play or criminality associated with this tragic incident , " according to a statement released by the Arlington Police Department . Six Flags confirmed that a woman died Friday while riding the Texas Giant roller coaster , but did not provide further details . "  Since the safety of our guests and employees is our number one priority , the ride has been closed pending further investigation , " the theme park said in a statement . Park medical staff and local paramedics responded immediately to the scene , the park said . Gabe Flores said he was next in line at the amusement park . "  Me and my girlfriend were at the gates and the next ones to get on the ride ... the cars came in and there was a man and a woman in the front , " he said . "  The man was saying , ` let me out , let me out , my mom fell off . ' " The man and woman were distraught and speaking in raised tones , said Flores , who lives in Benton , Texas . "  There 's a turn that 's pretty steep , and the person behind her empty seat said she fell out there -- just flew out , " he said . Flores did not see her fall , but park visitors told CNN affiliate WFAA they did . "  She goes up like this , " Carmen Brown told the affiliate , raising her hand up in the air . "  Then when it drops to come down , that 's when it released and she just tumbled . " Brown told the Dallas Morning News that the woman had expressed concern to a park employee that she was not properly secured in her seat . "  He was basically nonchalant , " Brown said . "  He was , like , ` As long as you heard it click , you 're fine . ' Hers was the only one that went down once , and she did n't feel safe . But they let her still get on the ride . " Six Flags Over Texas spokeswoman Sharon Parker said the park is committed to determining exactly what happened . "  It would be a disservice to the family to speculate regarding what transpired , " she said . "  When we have new information to provide , we will do so . " The Texas Giant was originally designed in 1990 as an all wooden roller coaster . It was redesigned with a steel track and reopened in April 2011 to mark the theme park 's 50th anniversary . At its highest point , the roller coaster is 153 feet and has a drop of 147 feet , according to the theme park . Thousands of kids hurt yearly on amusement rides Elsewhere , seven people suffered minor injuries in a boat-ride mishap at the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky , Ohio , park officials said . The incident occurred Friday evening when a boat rolled backward down a lift hill on the Shoot the Rapids ride , park spokesman Bryan Edwards said in an e-mailed statement . The seven people in the boat were evaluated and treated by Cedar Point emergency medical staff , Edwards said . One of the seven was taken to an area hospital for additional evaluation and was subsequently released , he said . The ride will remain closed until Ohio park officials and inspectors review it . CNN 's Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	Authorities say there is no sign of "  foul play or criminality " Witness says woman did n't feel safe before the ride At its highest point , the roller coaster is 153 feet Texas Giant is touted by the park as the world 's tallest steel-hybrid coaster
CNN  -- Three officials in a Los Angeles suburb whose high salaries sparked statewide outrage will step down from their jobs , the city 's mayor said Friday . Oscar Hernandez , the mayor of Bell , California , said the City Council accepted the resignations of City Manager Robert Rizzo , Assistant City Manager Angela Spaccia , and Police Chief Randy Adams , who reportedly had a combined salary of more than $ 1.6 million . He added that the three will not get severance pay . "  Today , our city council took the quick and decisive action that is in the best interest of our city so that we may return our attention to delivering outstanding city services , " the mayor said in a statement posted on the city clerk 's website . "  We recognize that today 's economic climate and the financial hardships so many families are suffering put our past compensation decisions in a new light . To the residents of Bell , we apologize . We are confident that your pride in our great city endures and that the city 's financial health and superior public services demonstrate that our priorities remain intact . " But Hernandez also praised Rizzo and called the Los Angeles Times story and the resulting uproar that led to the resignations "  unfair and unwarranted . " The salaries have infuriated many in California . Jerry Brown , California 's attorney general , issued a statement Thursday saying that his office had launched a investigation into the salaries . The Los Angeles Times reported that Rizzo had an annual salary of nearly $ 800,000 a year , "  making him the highest-paid city manager in the state . " Citing the newspaper , Brown 's statement said Adams had an annual salary of $ 457,000 and Spaccia received $ 376,288 a year . "  Most city council members are paid nearly $ 100,000 for their part-time jobs , " the attorney general said . "  These outrageous salaries in Bell are shocking and beyond belief , " he said . "  With record deficits and painful budget cuts facing California cities , astronomical local government salaries raise serious questions and demand a thorough investigation . " "  It 's shocking . How did they get it ? " Cory Christ , a resident of the city , said to CNN affiliate KTLA . "  They 're making more than the president -- it 's totally not fair , " California Assemblyman Hector De La Torre , who represents the district that encompasses Bell , also voiced outrage . "  The city council salaries and the outrageous salaries for the staff have really riled up the community , " he told CNN recently . " ... It 's a working class community . They 're busy just trying to survive in this tough economic climate . " De La Torre said the median yearly income in the southern California town is under $ 35,000 a year . "  Just to put it in context , the general fund for the city of Bell is $ 15 million . So , Mr. Rizzo with his salary and compensation package , around $ 800,000 is about one-fifteenth of the budget for the city of Bell , " De La Torre said . "  And Mr. Rizzo is obviously a little delusional about what the private sector would be  able  to pay anybody , certainly not $ 800,000 . Certainly not double what the president of the United States " makes . In his statement , Hernandez said the Times ' "  coverage and the contrived uproar the Times sought to provoke are unfair and unwarranted " and praised Rizzo . Hernandez said the salaries "  have been in line with similar positions over the period of their tenure " and that Rizzo gave the town 15 years of balanced budgets after a $ 20 million shortfall . "  While other cities are defaulting on their commitments , borrowing to maintain city services or even threatening bankruptcy , Bell has a healthy surplus that has enabled us to ride out the nation 's fiscal storm and even expand services to meet the growing needs of our low-income residents through the city food bank and programs for youth and seniors . "  While other municipalities are shuttering their libraries and shutting down their parks and services , Bell 's parents know their children have access to services and activities that keep them safe -- especially during the summer months when school is out and working parents are not at home during the day . " Hernandez appointed Pedro Carrillo , assistant to the city manager , to be the interim city manager . "  We acknowledge that the actions taken today are not a panacea , but a first step towards healing our city and getting back to business that ensures the safety and well-being of our residents , " the mayor said .	The state attorney general says the salaries are "  beyond belief " The Los Angeles Times reported that the city manager had a nearly $ 800,000 salary The median yearly income in the town is under $ 35,000 a year
They can already deliver pizzas , monitor endangered species and rain down Hellfire missiles from an altitude of 50,000 feet . But could the drone that follows us as we go about our daily business now be upon us ? Maybe so if the Mind4 quadcopter by Shanghai based startup , AirMind , reaches its funding target on crowdfunding website , Kickstarter . The nimble device has already been dubbed the "  stalker drone " in early media coverage due to its ability to film and follow a designated person or target . While that 's not necessarily the most complimentary label , Mind4 's creators do n't see it as a snooper 's ideal gadget . "  This technology is actually not suitable for that kind of task , " said AirMind founder , Ning Lu because of its high visibility and the difficulty of operating incognito in a busy public space . Rather , Lu sees the product being used by skiers , snowboarders , cyclists and the like to record awe-inspiring aerial shots of their daring activities . "  Mind4 is designed to be used to follow yourself , non-human being subjects such as animals , or in specific scenarios like film shooting , sports shooting etc. in relatively open area , "  Lu said . How does it work ? It uses what the promotional literature describes as the most "  powerful processor " ever contained within a drone , the Mind4 syncs up with a specially designed Android smartphone app . All a prospective user needs to do is open the app to make the drone take off . They then choose a target to follow via the camera on their phone and hit start . Mind4 will then track the selected item from up to 20 meters  65 feet  above and at maximum distance of up to 50 meters  164 feet  behind using its autopilot feature . It can also respond to human hand signals . Waiving a right hand will instruct the device to come closer , raising both hands will make it take a picture while pointing the ground tells it to land . Reaching new heights Quadcopter drones with mounted cameras are already widely available but most require a remote pilot to guide them . Some also use GPS systems to track subjects automatically , however Lu said such products are less reliable than Mind4 . "  GPS-based following technology can not ensure the subject is actually in that position  where the camera points  " as civilian GPS is often not precise , he said . "  The camera on the drone may be pointing to 20 meters away from the subject , which will be totally out of view , " he added . By comparison , Mind4 uses computer vision technology which allows for a much more reliable image capture . Then there is the potential of developing the technology that underpins the Mind4 . Lu describes plans to make the software the device runs on open source so that users can create their own , modified Android apps . "  With the power of developers all around the world the Mind4 can be boosted to  the  next level ... much more friendly and smarter , " he said . An industry flying high Given the rapid growth of consumer drone products in recent years , it 's perhaps no surprise that an item such as the Mind4 has come along . According to a recent study by aerospace sector analysts the Teal Group , the global unmanned aerial vehicle  UAV  industry could be worth as much as $ 91 billion over the next ten years . The Mind4 is looking for a relatively small sum of money to get off the ground . Lu and his colleagues are hoping to raise $ 100,000 on Kickstarter before December 23 to help the device reach the next stage of its development . Until then , take-off and all the pretty images that will go with it are on hold .	Mind4 drone can automatically follow and take pictures of specially selected targets Device has been dubbed "  stalker drone " in early media reports Designers say Mind4 has some of most powerful software ever featured in a drone
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- The U.S. Embassy in Kenya warned it has credible information of an imminent terror attack , days after the east African nation announced it is sending troops to Somalia to battle Islamist militants . The attack is likely to target places that foreigners congregate in Kenya , including malls and night clubs , the embassy said . The U.S.Embassy did not offer details on who might carry out such an attack , but said it has taken measures to limit official U.S. government visits . It urged its citizens to consider deferring travel to Kenya . The warning comes after Kenya sent troops across the border into Somalia to pursue Islamist Al-Shabaab militants . The terror group has threatened Kenya with retaliatory attacks , saying it considers the forces ' incursion an affront to Somalia 's sovereignty . Al-Shabaab , which is linked to al Qaeda and has been designated a terrorist organization by the United States , is fighting to impose its own interpretation of Islamic law , or sharia , on Somalia . Kenya has blamed some recent abductions of tourists and aid workers on the terror group , which has heightened tensions . On September 11 , armed bandits broke into a beachfront cottage where Britons Judith and David Tebbutt , both in their 50s , were staying . David Tebbutt was shot dead while trying to resist the attack . His wife was grabbed and spirited away on a speedboat , and is believed to have been taken into Somalia . On October 1 , pirates made another cross-border raid , this time snatching a French woman in her 60s , who used a wheelchair and was believed to be in bad health , from a holiday home on Manda Island where she lived part of the year . She later died , likely because of the kidnappers ' refusal to give her medicine , according to the French Foreign Ministry . Also this month , gunmen abducted two Spanish workers from the medical charity Doctors Without Borders from the Dadaab refugee complex , about 80 kilometers  about 50 miles  from the Somali border . Al-Shabaab has denied responsibility for the abductions .	The embassy urges citizens to consider deferring travel Kenya has sent troops across the border into Somalia to pursue suspected Islamic militants Recent abductions of tourists and aid workers in Kenya have heightened tensions
London  CNN  -- A new TV appeal for information about the disappearance of 3-year-old Madeleine McCann in 2007 has prompted almost 1,000 responses , London 's Metropolitan Police said Tuesday . The appeal is based on a new investigation and was aired on the BBC 's "  Crimewatch " program on Monday . For six years , mystery has surrounded Madeleine 's disappearance from her family 's holiday villa in the resort town of Praia da Luz , in Portugal . Now a review of the evidence by a team from London 's Metropolitan Police appears to have raised the prospect of fresh leads . The police have received more than 730 calls and and 212 e-mails since the appeal was broadcast , the case 's lead investigator , Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood , said Tuesday . "  Detectives are now trawling through and prioritizing that material . This will take time , " he said in a news release . Madeleine McCann case : Two callers name man in new UK police sketches Callers give name for man in sketch Police said Monday that two separate people had come up with the same name in response to computer-generated sketches of a man whom they are working to identify in connection with Madeleine 's disappearance . The man is described as white , between 20 and 40 years old , with short brown hair and a medium build . He was seen carrying a blond child , who might have been in pajamas and who was estimated to be 3 to 4 years old , around the time Madeleine disappeared , police said . The two sketches , which police believe to be of the same man , are based on descriptions from separate witnesses , investigators said . The same police appeal is to be screened in Holland on Tuesday and Germany on Wednesday in the hope of flushing out new information . The Portuguese resort is popular with people of many different nationalities . Police target 38 ` people of interest ' in Madeleine McCann 's '07 disappearance The latest revelation is critical in reconstructing what exactly happened on the night of May 3 , 2007 , when Madeleine disappeared from her family 's villa while her parents dined at a nearby restaurant . The girl was just days shy of her fourth birthday . Neither her parents nor the detectives investigating her case have given up on one day finding the little girl from Leicestershire , England . "  There may be an entirely innocent explanation of this man , but we need to establish who he is to assist with our inquiries , " Redwood said earlier . Additionally , investigators believe they have a better understanding of when Madeleine may have been abducted , Redwood added . "  The timeline we have now established has given new significance to sightings and movements of people in and around Praia da Luz at the time of Madeleine 's disappearance . " John Walsh : Madeleine McCann could be alive More sketches released As police sift through the evidence , they have also released sketches of a fair-haired man or men seen near the scene on or around May 3 , 2007 , whom they would like to trace . The detectives are investigating a spike in break-ins in the area in the weeks before Madeleine disappeared , two of them in the same block where her family was staying . Police also said Monday they are looking into four separate sightings of charity collectors on May 3 in Praia da Luz . Two additional sketches were released of men described as Portuguese or Portuguese-looking . The Metropolitan Police Service is offering a reward of up to Â # 20,000  $ 32,000  for information leading to the identification , arrest and prosecution of whomever is responsible for Madeleine 's abduction . Meanwhile , her parents continue to hold on to hope that their daughter will be returned to them , explaining on their website : "  We still worry about her , we miss her as much as we ever did , we remain as determined as ever to find her and to know what has happened . " CNN 's Sarah Aarthun , Erin McLaughlin and Stephanie Halasz contributed to this report .	Police get nearly 1,000 responses to a TV appeal for information on a missing child Two different people come up with the same name for man in sketches , police say Madeleine disappeared in 2007 while on holiday with her parents in Portugal Police released sketches of a man seen around the resort the night Madeleine disappeared
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . London , England  VBS.TV  -- In previous episodes of The Vice Guide to Travel , we road-tripped through North Korea , shopped for dirty bombs in Bulgaria , and hunted mutant wild boars in Chernobyl . Little did we know that all of our harrowing journeys would leave us only semi-prepared for a recent trip to war-ravaged , godforsaken Liberia . Since 1989 , a series of brutal civil wars -- primarily fought by drug-addicted , prepubescent orphans -- has rendered Liberia one of the most dangerous countries in the world . Everyone has heard the stories of abject poverty , ubiquitous substance abuse and wanton violence taking place there , but we do n't really believe anything that we do n't see for ourselves . So , stomachs firmly knotted , off we went . We arrived in Liberia with a small crew of three and quickly rendezvoused with a local journalist who would be our fixer and guide . Our first shooting location was the West Point slum , home to 80,000 people living in conditions that redefine squalor . Miles of rotting garbage surround the slum , which has no sewage system . Pretty much everyone -- even the local government officials -- defecates and urinates in the open . Drugs , prostitution and armed robbery are the main industries . We got to know some of the residents of West Point , who told us their stories as they smoked heroin and cocaine and begged us for money . Next we visited a local brothel . The women who lived there talked with us about the U.N. soldiers who have sex with the child prostitutes and beat the older women , and then leave without paying . Watch episode 2 from the Vice Guide to Liberia on VBS.TV But perhaps the most revelatory portions of our trip to Liberia came from meeting the major warlords of the nation 's civil wars . There 's a tradition in Liberian militias of taking on extravagant noms de guerre . Hence , our subjects were named General Bin Laden , General Rambo and General Butt Naked . The latter , in particular , was one of the most notorious Liberian warlords . He claims to have personally killed 20,000 people including babies , and to have sometimes cannibalized his victims . Today , General Butt Naked goes by his birth name , which is Joshua . During our time together , he told us that Liberia will surely implode into civil war again when the U.N. leaves next year . But in the meantime , Joshua wants to redeem himself . He offered us a glimpse of the Liberia that he wants to forge , and we found ourselves growing to like him . He took us to his church , where he rehabilitates child soldiers . We watched as he preached his way through Monrovia on a Sunday . Is there a chance that his mission will succeed , and further civil war can be averted in this desperate country ? That 's one of the many questions that we came away with upon our safe return from Liberia . Watch our documentary about our time there and see what you think .	Crew of three gets firsthand look at poverty , substance abuse in war-ravaged Liberia Women at local brothel tell of beatings by U.N. soldiers , child prostitution An ex-warlord who claims to have killed babies , cannibalized victims guides crew
CNN  Sorry , I ca n't contain my excitement about this one . Remember the #LikeAGirl video , which became a sensation last summer ? It 's now been viewed online more than 80 million times worldwide , according to the company behind it , Always , a maker of sanitary pads . And it 's about to reach even more viewers . The powerful video so clearly demonstrated how the phrase "  like a girl " gins up negative and weak stereotypes . When adolescent girls , older women and boys were asked to demonstrate how to "  run like a girl " or "  fight like a girl , " their arms flailed as they ran and awkwardly slapped instead of throwing powerful punches . Contrast that with prepubescent girls , girls 10 and younger , who when asked to do the same thing ran as fast as they could and hit as hard as they could . They were girls on fire , and to them , running "  like a girl " meant nothing more than running like themselves . Well , a 60-second version of this video is about to get its biggest audience by far when it is showcased during the Super Bowl on Sunday . To give you a sense of the possible reach , more than 110 million people around the world watched the game last year . Meet the Puppy Bowl contestants ! Fama Francisco , vice president of Global Always , said the company has been thrilled with the response to the ad -- including over 54 million online views alone for the English version -- but determined that the most-watched television event of the year could take the message even further . "  We 've only reached one half of our girls in the United States and ... even fewer boys and men with the message , so I think with such a powerful message like this and the fact that we know it 's already making an impact and changing perceptions , there 's no better platform than the Super Bowl . " Francisco said the power of the ad is twofold . It illuminates the real and serious issue of the drop in self-confidence that girls go through at puberty and how attitudes can shift just by watching the video . She cited a study of 1,800 Americans between the ages of 16 to 49 , which was conducted by the group Research Now in December . Among girls ages 16 to 24 , 76 % no longer said they saw the phrase "  like a girl " as an insult after watching the video , she said . Two out of three men who saw it said they would stop or think twice before using the phrase "  like a girl " in a negative way . "  It 's already making an impact and changing perceptions . There 's no better platform than the Super Bowl to reach over 100 million people to spread the message and redefine the meaning of ` like a girl , ' " Francisco added . This Super Bowl ad will leave you speechless No word on the cost of the 60-second spot , but it is probably in the millions . CNN 's Brian Stelter reported that 30-second spots for Sunday night 's game on NBC cost $ 4.5 million . Lauren Greenfield is a critically acclaimed director and photographer whose past works include the film "  THIN " about eating disorders , the documentary "  The Queen of Versailles " about the economic collapse in 2008 and the book "  Girl Culture " on body image . She directed the "  Like a Girl " video , which involved interviews with more than 100 people . "  The fact that ` Like a Girl ' is playing at the Super Bowl is so exciting and important because it puts the message broadly into the mainstream , in front of men as well as women , " said Greenfield , who happens to also be a friend of my husband 's and mine . "  As we gather to celebrate one of the most important days in sports , ` Like a Girl ' reminds a giant audience that we need to empower our daughters , sisters , and mothers to be their best , and that means playing ball and living life ` like a girl , ' " said Greenfield , who received a Directors Guild of America award nomination for the commercial . She says she 's the first solo female director to get a nod in the commercial category . "  I am very proud that I also broke through a barrier by directing ` Like a Girl , ' " she added . NFL off-field woes tainting Super Bowl ? After a year in which the NFL has faced questions about how it handles domestic violence against women and campus sexual assaults have garnered national headlines , the #LikeAGirl ad could have an impact beyond the phrase itself , some women say . "  It is hugely significant that the #LikeAGirl commercial is being shown during the Super Bowl . The ad turns a negative stereotype of girls on its head during one of the largest sporting events watched by men  and women  all over the country , " said Jennifer Siebel Newsom , filmmaker and founder and chief executive officer of the nonprofit The Representation Project . The Representation Project is paying close attention to what ads are shown during the Super Bowl . It is collaborating with The 3 % Conference to host the second annual Super Bowl Tweetup to monitor the portrayal of women in ads during the game . Siebel Newsom said stereotypes do n't just hurt women . They hurt boys , girls and men , too , she said . "  Especially after such a destructive year for the NFL  and the women affected by it  , I hope we get to a place where we are not relying on gender stereotypes to divide us and instead can work together for a healthier culture for all , " she added . Her newest film , "  The Mask You Live In , " about the impact our narrow definition of masculinity is having on boys , men and society , just premiered at the Sundance Film Festival . In addition to unveiling a 60-second clip of the video during the Super Bowl , Always is sending Karlie Harman , a 15-year-old quarterback and the only girl on her football team in Northern Virginia , to the Super Bowl as a #LikeAGirl ambassador . The brand is encouraging people to share the video and what they proudly do #LikeAGirl on social media during the game . "  We can change the meaning of words . That 's what we are taking a stand on , and our message , which we hope will inspire girls , women , boys , is that we can make the everyday ` like a girl ' to mean amazing things , " Always ' Francisco said . "  I think our girls deserve that . " What do you think about the #LikeAGirl ad being shown during the Super Bowl ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	A 60-second version of the #LikeAGirl video will air during the Super Bowl The video has been viewed more than 80 million times online , according to Always Women say that showcasing the ad during the Super Bowl could have an enormous impact
Sunset  -- Whether you 're into lazy-day floating or rip-roaring rapids , there 's a river out there for you . Compare these two trips to get a better idea of your taste . The MILD trip : The Rogue River , Oregon Day 1 The launch : At the tiny , woods-ensconced Galice Resort , the damp air smells like a sharpened pencil . It makes me think of Cabernet Franc . For some people , that first whiff of the uncorrupted outdoors might trigger a set of survival instincts . But I have none of those . What I have are ephemeral associations with lesser-known Bordeaux wine varietals . And so here I am , on a Wine on the River tour with a winemaker , a pair of chefs , a nimble river crew and a handful of fellow fortunate souls . We get the necessary primer before putting in : Drink lots of water , they tell us . Always , but especially on this trip , what with the three cases of wine being loaded onto the rafts . "  Lunchtime " : That 's the answer I get when I inquire about the time . Days here are measured in meals . We 've lounged away the morning on a people-free , rapids-free stretch of river in a thickly forested gorge , under a cover of damp fog -- like drifiting through a rain cloud . Even with limited visibility , we 've seen a great blue heron , a kingfisher , Canada geese , an osprey , a quick glimpse of an otter and a bald eagle . The river is calm , and we do n't have to paddle if we do n't want to . Yet , somehow , a stretch and a bite to eat are in order . The chefs have managed to pack all our food , gear and elegantly rustic table settings on the rafts , leaving the rest of us to kick back while they set up and break down each feast . Sunset.com : Mild and wild defined , plus more rafting trips Wine-thirty : After several miles of floating , we pull off at the Tyee Campground , a woodsy gravel bar . For the first time in my life , I must assemble a tent alone . But the payoff is grand : I sit down to cumin-grilled Tawanda Farms lamb chops with apricot-jalapeno chutney , assorted Oregon cheeses , fruit , eggplant puree , green olive tapenade , cucumber salad and red pepper relish with wontons and flatbread ; followed by pan-seared king salmon with Oregon wasabi-thyme aioli , lemongrass cous-cous and ginger-citrus slaw ; and finally topped off with Dagoba chocolate s'mores with homemade marshmallows -- each course paired with wine . It 'll go on like this for two more nights . I will persevere . Sunset.com : The West 's best dude ranches Day 2 Splashing around : I try out one of the inflatable kayaks we 've been towing . Nobody , including me , seems to care that I can barely steer . It could just be hypothermia from playing in the 58º water , but I 'm feeling close to the river . Group bonding : This evening 's icebreaker involves a spree of mutual toenail painting . Oh , and wine . Lots of wine . Personalities have emerged . Maybe it 's the Sewell Rhône Blend talking , but I like these people . After dark , the stars go so many layers deep that a few of us decide to sleep directly under them , and our tents become mere storage units . Day 3 Campsite gourmet : At the grassy , rolling hillside of the Tacoma Campground , we dine under an old oak tree : smoked steelhead with cream cheese , capers and onions ; roasted beets with sheep 's - milk feta ; greens with candied hazelnuts ; grilled American Kobe-style flatiron steak with caramelized onions and housemade Worcestershire . The brussels sprouts sauteed with andouille win multiple approvals , including several from people who thought they did n't like brussels sprouts . Day 4 The last toast : One last bracing swim and one final meal , when we compare favorite flavors : the Cinsault Rosé , the Malbec , the Fiano , which worked so well with that asparagus ; the crawfish cakes with remoulade , the seared duck breast , the lemon sponge cake with huckleberry compote , the everything else . It 's safe to say that the uncorrupted outdoors has heightened my sense of deliciousness . Sunset.com : The West 's best food towns The WILD trip : Chilko River , British Columbia Day 1 Entry : My first glimpse of the Chilko is from 15,000 feet up in a tiny 10-seater plane , looking down the longest raftable stretch of continuous Class IV whitewater on the continent . Did I mention this is my first-ever rafting trip ? Beer talk : Our guide Mark has a shaggy river-rat beard and a Canadian lilt , and he 's as skinny and spritelike as he is ruggedly reassuring . He instructs the eight of us -- a motley crew of three businessmen , a doctor , a lawyer , and a ranching couple -- on what to do if we run into a bear , how to tell a grizzly from a black , and how to prevent Mace mishaps . We 're introduced to the Groover  a portable toilet  . Sunset.com : Top wow spots of the Hawaii volcanoes Day 2 Calm water : After a paddling 101 , our three rafts head out through the riffled water that the guides -- Mark , Brian and Jorge -- refer to as "  calm . " Which makes me and Ginny , the other whitewater rookie , mighty nervous about the hardcore rapids to come . We ride 22 miles , dipping our water bottles into the 50º glacier water on the way . The landscape looks surprisingly like New Mexico , with pine-covered mountains and mesas -- plus moose ! We spot a chocolate-hued mother with calf and two bald eagles . Day 3 Rapids ! : Here they come . Deep breaths . We don our helmets , wetsuits and life jackets , and practice paddle maneuvers . Back paddle . Hard forward ! We vanish into the rapids , as the raft bends and catapults and the waves pound through us on the famous great White Mile : 12 miles of rapids in 55 minutes -- yes , that longest stretch of continuous Class IV on the continent . Mark slides our 18-foot-2-inch raft through an 18-foot-4-inch gorge . We officially become whitewater junkies . At camp : Tents are pitched while the guides set up and find a scenic spot for the Groover . Dinner is grilled chicken , fresh veggies with ginger butter , tiramisu , and five bottles of well-deserved wine . Sunset.com : Best national parks -- avoid the crowds Day 4 An "  easy " day : Our raft gets hung up on a protuding log inside a rapid . Ever been inside a washing machine ? On the "  very cold " cycle ? Jorge deftly extricates us , and we lay out clothes to dry on the rocks . We 've entered hoodoo country . Day 5 Class III cakewalk : Class III ? No sweat . We talk politics as we run them . Camp goes up at Big Creek , with 200-year-old pines and grassy meadows . Mark reads stories about spectacular Groover mishaps  picture it overturning while you 're in the way  . Sunset.com : The top 26 wilderness experiences Day 6 The gaping jaws of death : Hang on ! Hard forward !! Time for the 8-foot waves of the daunting Farewell Canyon , and I 'm paddling too intently to see past the waves . We just clear the foam when Brian yells , "  Bear ! " and a young black bear runs up the cliff . After lunch , we take the two final , gargantuan rapids called Gaping Jaws of Death and Brains Smashed In . I 'm drenched . We high-five with our paddles , and pull up to the raft carrying the beer cooler for a toast . Later , there 'll be Champagne and reminiscing on a sandy beach under a red sky at our last campsite . And more Groover stories . To read more rafting adventures , visit Sunset.com . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2011 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	Check out the itineraries for two very different rafting trips in the West Days are measured in meals on a Rogue River wine-themed rafting tour Chilko River offers the longest stretch of continuous Class IV rapids on the continent
Mexico City  CNN  -- Workers digging through the rubble of what were offices at Mexico 's state-run oil giant have found more victims , raising the death toll from last week 's blast to 35 . Pemex , the oil monopoly , on Sunday confirmed the figure , which was above the 33 reported killed earlier . More than 100 people were injured ; two people remain missing . Pemex , the powerful but much-criticized state oil company , has said it 's not clear what caused the blast , which took place Thursday at an administrative building in the Pemex office complex in Mexico City . Authorities have said investigations are under way to determine whether the explosion was the result of an accident , negligence , or an attack . "  People were screaming . ... You could see pieces of the wall falling to the ground , " said Joaquin Borrell Valenzuela , an attorney for the Pemex comptroller 's office , who was in a courtyard outside the building at the time of the blast . Paramedics quickly arrived and started pulling people from the debris . Thousands of people work at the Pemex headquarters , which includes a 54-story building that is nearly 700 feet tall . The annex where the explosion happened is adjacent to the tower . Mexican oil giant chief wo n't speculate on cause of deadly blast CNN 's Mauricio Torres contributed to this report .	At least 35 people were killed in last week 's explosion Two people remain missing The blast happened at the Mexico City offices of Pemex , the state-run oil giant Investigations are under way
Bonn , Germany  CNN  -- Ten years ago , Afghan leaders met outside Bonn , Germany , to lay out a road map to establish and sustain Afghanistan 's government after the fall of the Taliban . On Monday , the nation 's president for the last seven years , Hamid Karzai , will once again preside over a conference in the west German city to chart his nation 's future . Yet this time , as opposed to just U.N. representatives facilitating the 2001 conference for a group of Afghan exiles and leaders , members of 85 delegations from various countries and 15 international organizations will join Afghans in the discussions . Their goal is to take stock of accomplishments and assess continued challenges in Afghanistan over the past decade , as well as to plot a partnership with the Kabul government amid plans to withdraw all foreign combat troops from the country by 2014 . There has , admittedly , been notable progress in recent years . Afghanistan 's economy has grown , albeit it at a slow rate . Despite reported corruption , Afghanistan has moved away from the repressive extremist rule of the Taliban and toward a more democratic political system , in which Afghans vote for their leaders . And the status of women -- strictly controlled under the Taliban -- has improved with a constitutional commitment guaranteeing equality , and 3 million girls are now in school . But the international community knows many of these gains hang by a thread . As it was in 2001 , Afghanistan is still one of the world 's poorest and corrupt nations . Even as international troops seek to wind down their involvement , the country faces a resilient Taliban insurgency , political instability and economic turmoil . Attendees at this Bonn conference are expected to address prospects for long-term aid for Afghanistan . That could well include a promise of substantial resources from the international community , given concerns Afghanistan 's economic stability may suffer after international troops leave and funding levels dwindle . Karzai is officially in charge of the conference , seeking to demonstrate ownership over his nation 's own affairs . Afghan officials are expected to make extensive presentations on plans to assume responsibility of security from NATO-led forces over the next three years and efforts to forge a political settlement with the Taliban , which some see as key to establishing security across the country . Yet even with Afghanistan 's ambitious plans to become self-sufficient in political and security matters , few expect it will be truly independent -- especially economically -- beyond the 2014 transition . World Bank and American analyses state that the security situation will be pivotal to Afghanistan 's ability to grow its economy . They estimate the withdrawal of troops and a resulting loss of foreign aid could reduce Afghanistan 's growth rate by 50 % or more -- something the World Bank warned could cause the Afghan economy to collapse . The U.S. has introduced its own plan , developed in coordination with the Afghan government , to shore up the Afghan economy . Washington hopes that increasing investment in Afghanistan 's private sector and developing the country 's agricultural and mining sectors will help the nation become less reliant on the United States . U.S. officials acknowledge that it will be difficult for Afghanistan to make more progress economically , unless the governance and security situations improve . There are also other challenges , like the fact Afghanistan still ranks among the world 's lowest literacy and health rates -- factors that make it difficult to find skilled laborers need to fuel industry . Another problem is the state of Afghanistan 's infrastructure . One focus is to integrate Afghanistan 's economy with its neighbors in south and central Asia , thus bolstering Afghanistan 's self-sufficiency . To that end , the United States has introduced the New Silk Road initiative to promote Afghanistan as a hub for the free movement of goods , services , capital and people in the region . The elephant in the room at Bonn -- or , more accurately , not in the room -- will be neighboring Pakistan . Islamabad opted not to send any representatives to the conference last week in reaction to November 27 cross-border strike by NATO that killed 24 of its soldiers . It has also closed NATO supply lines into Afghanistan in retaliation for the attack . Pakistan is viewed as a critical player in the region , because of its perceived relationships with the Taliban and other insurgency groups -- some of whom are based within Pakistani borders , from where they launch attacks on Afghan and foreign troops . Pakistan 's government , itself , has argued for a larger role in regional efforts to stabilize the country and broker peace with the Taliban . Washington had hoped the Bonn conference would produce momentum for peace talks with the Taliban , but reconciliation efforts have stalled since the September assassination of Burhanuddin Rabbani , a former Afghan president who was his government 's chief negotiator in talks with insurgents . Those efforts have been further stymied by Pakistan 's decision not to go to Germany . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who arrived in Bonn on Sunday night , has called Pakistan 's decision to drop out of the conference "  regrettable " and even called Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani to ask his government to reconsider . Still , U.S. officials -- at least publicly -- refuse to admit Pakistan will play spoiler either at the Bonn conference or in the larger U.S.-led plans to stabilize Afghanistan and bring forces home .	Diplomats and NGO leaders meet this week in Germany to talk about Afghanistan The conference is being led by Afghan President Hamid Karzai Afghanistan is facing many economic , security and political challenges The absence of Pakistan from the conference looms large
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- After witnessing the rapid devastation of a Cayman Island coral reef where he had been diving since childhood , Todd Barber was moved from horror to action . He gave up a six-figure salary as a marketing consultant and dedicated his life to restoring the world 's ocean reef ecosystems . "  I had been following this reef since I had been 14 ; it was where my first dive was , " recalls Barber . "  When that one little tiny reef was lost , that sparked something in me . If we lost one and it took that tens of thousands of years to get here , how fast is this happening ? " Barber had caught a small glimpse of a larger global issue -- the destruction of the world 's coral reefs -- and it scared him . According to the Nature Conservancy , if the present rate of destruction continues , 70 percent of the world 's coral reefs will be destroyed by the year 2050 . Not only are they home to 25 percent of all marine fish species , but the organization states that 500 million people rely on coral reefs for their food and livelihoods . So Barber and his father , a marine biologist and fellow diver , sat down to devise a solution to "  put the reef back . " What started as a basic idea to shape concrete around a beach ball led to three years of research , testing and prototyping with the help of friends and college professors . Watch as Barber explains his passion for saving reefs " "  Our goal was to mimic nature , not dictate nature , " says Barber . "  And that meant that I could n't come up with an idea ; I had to design something that would fit exactly what the reef required . " The result was what Barber calls a "  Reef Ball . " Made of concrete engineered to last more than 500 years , Reef Balls are circular structures with a hollow center that serve as a base habitat upon which a natural reef can grow . Portable , inexpensive and environmentally friendly , according to Barber , Reef Balls can be built anywhere and are used to mimic and rehabilitate all forms of oceanic reefs , such as mangrove , oyster and coral reefs . They can also help control erosion and stabilize shorelines . Watch as an organization in Tampa tries to restore habitats for oysters " To manufacture and place Reef Balls in marine habitats around the world , Barber established The Reef Ball Foundation in 1993 . Today , the non-profit organization works with environmental agencies , universities , community groups and corporations and empowers others to build and restore their local marine ecosystems . " -LSB- Reefs -RSB- have an incredible bearing on human life , " says Barber . "  Without conserving these resources , they 're going to be all gone before we even know what we 've lost . " According to Barber , marine conservation is n't just about Reef Balls , but they 're one important tool . "  It 's about saving natural reefs . It 's about changing our behaviors , " says Barber . "  It 's better to save the reef that you have than to build a new one . " Since its inception , the Reef Ball Foundation has placed Reef Balls in more than 59 countries . "  For me , personally , the satisfaction comes from diving on a Reef Ball and seeing that the environment has been rehabilitated ; that the reef is actually there , " says Barber . "  And that our grandkids will be able to see the same thing . " E-mail to a friend	Most coral reefs are in danger , according to estimates from the Nature Conservancy The group says 500 million people rely on coral reefs for food Reef Balls are concrete spheres upon which a natural reef can grow The objects also help control beach erosion and stabilize shorelines
CNN  -- Newcastle United has fined their manager Alan Pardew # 100,000  $ 168,000  for head-butting an opposition player during an English Premier League match on Saturday . The 52-year-old clashed with Hull City midfielder David Meyler during Newcastle 's 4-1 win at the KC Stadium . The incident happened in the 72nd minute as Meyler was retrieving a ball for a throw in . Pardew was sent to the stands by the referee and later apologized . "  I apologize to everyone . I should not have got involved in it , " Pardew said . In a statement published on the club 's official website , Saturday , Newcastle said that Pardew 's actions were "  disappointing " and "  unacceptable " and took away from a positive performance on the pitch . "  Alan unreservedly apologized immediately following the game to the player , to Hull City Football Club and its fans , and to the fans of Newcastle United , " the NUFC statement said . "  We have held discussions this evening with Alan who has offered his sincere apologies to the Club and it is clear he deeply regrets his actions . Alan has accepted a formal warning from the Club in relation to his behavior today and also a Club fine of # 100,000 . " Pardew , who has been manager of Newcastle since December 2010 , will also be investigated by the English Football Association about the incident . Read more : Unstoppable Bayern Munich slay Schalke	Newcastle United manager fined # 100,000 by club for clash with opposing player Pardew head-butted Hull City midfielder David Meyler during second half of league match Newcastle also give Pardew a formal warning ; English FA set to investigate incident
CNN  -- A killer whale at SeaWorld Orlando died Sunday while giving birth , the theme park said . The calf was stillborn . The father of the calf was Tilikum -- the killer whale involved in death of a trainer in February . SeaWorld canceled two shows on Sunday , but all shows were expected to resume Monday . "  We are very saddened by this loss , " said Chris Dold , vice president of veterinary services for SeaWorld Parks & Entertainment . "  Although we understand that complications with pregnancy can occur here , just as they do in the wild , the loss of any animal affects all of us at SeaWorld . " Taima , a 20-year-old killer whale , died from complications associated with the birthing process , SeaWorld said . Taima had successfully given birth to three calves previously . "  Preliminary indications suggest that her death was caused by a condition in which the placenta is delivered before the fetus , as well as an unusual position of the fetus in the birthing canal , " SeaWorld said . "  She was not able to deliver the stillborn fetus naturally ; SeaWorld 's veterinarians attempted to assist , but her complications were too severe . " SeaWorld has had 26 successful births of killer whale calves in captivity , according to Dold , who said the birthing success rate is about 50 percent in the wild and 85 percent in a "  zoological situation . " A necropsy has been scheduled to determine the cause of death .	Killer whale at SeaWorld Orlando dies giving birth Calf is stillborn Father of calf was involved in death of a trainer in February
DETROIT , Michigan  CNN  -- Jeremy Burgess likes the location and layout of the three-bedroom , one-and-a-half bath home in the Grandmont neighborhood of Detroit , Michigan . This home in Detroit , Michigan , was bought for $ 12,000 and sold the next week for a $ 5,000 profit . The home is large for the area , around 1,600 square feet . By far the most attractive feature for Burgess is the price . While he says it may appraise at around $ 110,000 , he bought it on March 11 for a mere $ 12,000 . "  I 'm selling it next week to an out-of-state investor for a little over $ 17,000 , " he says . His company , Urban Detroit Wholesalers , buys , renovates , then flips or rents homes in Detroit , something that may seem foolhardy to some observers in one of the most economically depressed cities in the nation . But Burgess , who started the company in 2007 with partner Jared Pomranky , says Detroit is a great place for real estate investment . "  Detroit to me is like the wild , wild West , " he says , "  You ca n't get cheap land in the West anymore . The cheap land is in the Midwest now . " Watch how cheap houses are pulling investors to Detroit " Browsing through the real estate ads in Detroit can be depressing . Property owners , whether they are individuals or banks , are doing anything they can to sell unwanted homes . With so much of the local economy tied to the struggling Big Three automakers , some owners inside the city limits have resorted to offering homes for as little as a dollar , many for $ 50 . The average is about $ 7,000 . Burgess says there is a reason these homes are so cheap . Most listings are in economically depressed neighborhoods where people are trying to leave , not buy . "  I have seen tons of $ 50 houses , " Burgess says , "  but the house needs $ 80,000 of worth of work , and you ca n't get an appraisal above $ 8,000 . " He says the prices on those homes are so ridiculously low because owners just want to get rid of the tax burden and the liability of owning them . It costs more to tear down these homes than the property is worth , so it 's cheaper to give them away . "  Out of -LSB- the most recent -RSB- 800 sales , 10 of them will be true sales to home owners and the rest will be distress sales , " he says , pointing out the low percentage of homes sold in a normal business transaction in the city . Pomranky says contrary to Detroit 's national image , there are still clean , well-kept , middle-class areas people want to live in . "  What we do is invest in neighborhoods that people are moving to , " he says . They target mostly middle-class neighborhoods on the far northwestern and northeastern edges of the city . The homes in these neighborhoods have stayed relatively high in value . Many of the homes are foreclosures . Some properties are bought from homeowners who have lost their jobs , and a few have been donated to nonprofit organizations , which then sell them to Burgess ' company . Pomranky says the attraction is the price point and the opportunity , something often missed by local investors . "  Many investors in Michigan and especially Detroit , they are a little too close to see the opportunity , " he says . Their investors are coming from out of state , mostly the West Coast and California , and occasionally from out of the country . Many of them are looking for alternatives to investing in the stock market . Many homes are sold to investors for around $ 35,000 after they have been renovated . "  Some go straight to rentals , some go to rent-to-own lease options , " Pomranky says . "  And some are sold to new homeowners . It 's about a 60 percent rental to 40 percent homeowners . " Burgess says his company can get a 12 percent to 20 percent return on its investment and that outside investment money benefits more than just the buyers and sellers . "  All this money is spent in Detroit . I live in Detroit . Our office is in Detroit , " he says . "  The Home Depot where all the materials are bought is in Detroit , " he says . "  Everyone hired , 95 percent of them live in Detroit . So we are paying them . I would say that 90 percent of it stays inside the city of Detroit . " In 2006 , Burgess was a supermarket baker in Washington state , trying to invest in local real estate . But high buy-in costs and high appreciation made success difficult . A friend of his in Detroit was making money in investing and told him to try his luck there . "  I thought he was crazy , and I am the type of person who has to prove it . The more I tried to prove him wrong about Detroit , the more I proved him right . " Burgess ended up buying around a dozen properties in Detroit before he came to Michigan . But when he finally did move to Detroit , the bottom fell out of the national housing market . "  I showed up in Detroit with about $ 35,000 , a bunch of properties going on and a lot of financing options . " He says "  by October -LSB- 2007 -RSB- I had nothing . " That same year he met Pomranky and formed Urban Detroit Wholesalers . Together they retooled the business model and found that working with a local nonprofit and in targeted neighborhoods helped both succeed . Burgess says because there was never a housing boom in Detroit like California , the market stayed relatively stable . But when financing dried up , prices fell . "  This last drop I think is totally due to lack of financing options , and when cash is king , prices drop significantly . I see it as an artificial drop in value , and I am obviously taking advantage of it . So are my investors . " He believes that the prices will go back up when the credit market loosens up and home owners are able to secure their own financing . Despite being in the middle of rebuilding their business , Burgess and Pomranky say they made money in 2008 . But for them it was n't just about making a quick buck . They say they knew for their continued success , Detroit had to prosper , too . So they teamed with a nonprofit organization called the Motor City Blight Busters , which provides a low-cost work force that renovates the homes for Urban Detroit Wholesalers to sell . "  It is our goal to stabilize and revitalize the neighborhoods . " says John George , president of the organization . "  By being able to partner with investors , it allows us to expand our capacity to do what we do . "  Acquiring the property and cleaning them out , restoring them and putting a responsible family in that home is really key to stabilizing and revitalizing , " George says . He wants to see more home ownership by local families in these neighborhoods , but he knows that may take some time . "  We always focus on home ownership . That 's key , " he says . "  But in this market we have to invite everyone to participate . " Most of the labor force is made up of recently released convicts looking for a trade and a chance to earn a living . Some of the homes they renovate are being donated to Blight Busters , which then place families in them . Burgess thinks teaming a for-profit business and a nonprofit is a win-win scenario . "  I think this is a perfect example of what a nonprofit and a for-profit with investors can do to solve a problem that governments are having a problem solving . While 100 or so homes we do a year is significant in Detroit , we realize that we 're barely a blip on the national radar . But imagine if there were hundreds of companies like ours across the country . "	Jeremy Burgess and Jared Pomranky run Urban Detroit Wholesalers Some homes in Detroit , Michigan , sell for as little as $ 1 , many for $ 50 The company works with a nonprofit and flips cheaply priced homes Recently released convicts working for the charity help renovate the properties
CNN  -- Once upon a time , bookshelves were just for books , a spot to proudly show off your full set of encyclopedias before the advent of Google . These days , homeowners have a more open-minded approach to their shelving . The books are still there , but decorating enthusiasts are using them as elements of decor . HGTV magazine Editor-in-Chief Sara Peterson said that 's because finding colorful and affordable home accessories is a lot easier than it used to be . As a result , "  restyling your bookshelves can be a fast makeover that can totally change the look and feel of a room , " Peterson said . In addition to being a collection of well-loved stories , a stack of books can serve as a base for decorative objects . "  The key to styling out bookshelves is to have a wide variety of objects to play with , " she said . All different sizes of books , vases , boxes and framed photos bring a bookcase to life . Not only that , but the shelves themselves can be part of the arrangement . "  We 're also seeing people line the backs of the bookshelves with wallpaper or even painting the backs , which gives everything on the shelves more of a cohesive look , " Peterson said . The possibilities seem endless , and therein lies the problem , said e-designer Jana Bek . Communicating via Facetime , phone and e-mail , Bek provides interior designs and blueprints for her clients around the world to implement on their own . When it comes to decorating shelves , the instructions she provides come with an encouragement to be patient . "  Styling bookshelves is always a tricky process , " Bek said . "  It looks easy but it takes finessing . " It 's about balancing the size of the objects placed on the entire bookshelf , she said , paying attention to scale and shape . For example , Bek places larger decorative items on the top and bottom shelves while keeping items with intricate detail on eye level . And since books and picture frames are often rectangular , she breaks up all the angles with other shapes to keep things interesting . Here 's what Open House contributors learned about decorating their own bookcases : -- "  I learned that large bookcases eat up accessories . I had what I thought was more than enough to fill the shelves . It turned out I needed more ! " -- Lori Evans , Gainesville , Florida . -- "  I love seeing bookcases packed full of books , pictures and collectibles in other people 's homes . However , I prefer a cleaner , simpler style in my house . When there are tons of objects in a bookcase , it can overload the senses and not be relaxing . " -- Tiffani Stutzman , Baton Rouge , Louisiana . -- "  For this bookshelf , I found it helpful to have a wide assortment of objects on the floor in front and then start placing objects  on the shelves  . That way everything is easy to reach and move around . " -- Sarah Dorsey , Pismo Beach , California . -- "  Antlers are natural and sculptural , and I like to showcase them as art . I found mine at a flea market . They are definitely a conversation starter when we have guests . They also look really cool at night when the library lights are on . " -- Kristin Cadwallader , Rock Island , Illinois . "  I was pleasantly surprised by how finished the shelves looked when we added the glass doors . We 'd originally planned to add molding to them to give them a built-in look , but we found we preferred the modern feel the glass doors gave them . " -- Gretchen Holcombe , Roswell , Georgia . -- "  We have a lot of books , so we need to use our bookshelves for real storage , not just a place to put pretty things that need to be dusted . I found everything looks a little less busy if you loosely organize books by color and mix in some meaningful , pretty things . " -- Kelly Marzka , Atlanta . -- "  The thing I learned when I set out to decorate these bookshelves was an important one : That with a little bit of effort you can transform something that may not be your style , or in this case , may even have lingering memories associated with it , and make it truly and uniquely your own . " -- Andrea Trbovich , Hilliard , Ohio . "  I really try to consider how much I love something before I display it . Using the rule of thumb , ` if you make everything special , then really nothing is special ' " -- Tracie Stoll , Prospect , Kentucky . "  I love playing with  the bookshelf  . ... I will be making small changes to take it from Halloween to more of a Thanksgiving theme as November approaches . " -- Sarah Macklem , Detroit .	HGTV magazine 's Sara Peterson says accessorizing bookcases is quick and easy When styling a bookshelf , think holistically and be patient : It takes finesse Do you have a taste for sophisticated animal style ? Contribute to the next Open House !
CNN  -- When Tyson Gay sprinted to three gold medals at the 2007 world championships , it looked like the American would be athletics ' next superstar -- but that dream unraveled as another man emerged to conquer all . Usain Bolt was the name on everyone 's lips after the Beijing Olympics the following year , when a hamstring injury meant Gay could only compete in the 100 meters -- and he did n't even reach the final . However , 2012 finds the 29-year-old from Lexington , Kentucky , in prime condition and ready to challenge Jamaica 's world record-holder in London in August . CNN 's Human to Hero series tracked down Gay as he prepares for battle with Bolt in the UK capital , having decided to focus on the 100m event in June 's U.S. trials . Starting out "  I played football in high school , I played baseball when I was younger , things like that , but I think it was the passion I had for track where you want to do an individual sport and be the best , I think -- there 's nothing that can replace that . " Gay 's promise on the track was clear from an early age , though it was n't until he had turned 14 that he could beat his older sister Tiffany , who he says has inspired him . He became a three-time 100m state champion at Lafayette High School and his time of 10.46 seconds in a 2001 state meeting remains a record . He was the first athlete in history from the University of Arkansas to claim a National College 100m title . Heroes Gay says an illustrious American quintet of Olympic medal winners have proved an inspiration to his career . Carl Lewis and Michael Johnson , who share 13 Olympic gold medals between them , are joined by the legendary Jesse Owens , who won four golds at the Berlin Games of 1936 . Jon Drummond , who won a gold and a silver in Atlanta in 1996 , and Maurice Greene , who secured two golds at Sydney in 2000 , complete the list . "  When I grew up Carl Lewis was still running , Maurice Greene was running -- he was that figure I see , like Michael Johnson . I really wanted to look up to the fast guys -- so those two guys were some of the guys I looked up to . "  In history class at school it was Jesse Owens . You had to learn about him first before you got to Maurice Greene and those guys . "  I do some training with Jon Drummond -- he 's given me a lot of great advice . Maurice Greene as well . He 'll text me sometimes to check how I 'm doing to see how an injury is going . That really means a lot to me . " London 2012 Gay has never made an Olympic final but is intent on breaking that run in London when , once again , 100m and 200m world record-holder Bolt will be the man to beat . "  This is my biggest Games . I think this is me in my prime . I 'm gon na be fit and ready . I 'm gon na put everything into this one , " Gay said . "  I really believe it 's going to be one of the most exciting Olympics in history . I want to run with the best , that 's how I 've always lived . "  Basically , last year I ran on one leg and ran 9.7 seconds . I know I can be a lot more dangerous as long as I stay healthy and get a lot stronger in the weight room . "  I have n't been to an Olympic final yet , so I know it 's going to be a different type of atmosphere but I 'm thinking I can control it . "  I 've really learned over the years how to control my adrenaline and let it all out when they shoot the gun versus letting the crowd and the lights and the camera get to me . "  So I 'm thinking I can handle it , but I think I will be a little bit nervous . "	American sprinter Tyson Gay is looking forward to an injury-free Olympic year Gay won three gold medals at the 2007 World Championships in Osaka He is looking to make first Olympic final after struggling for fitness at Beijing in 2008 His heroes include Olympic champions Maurice Greene and Jesse Owens
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Dozens of people were injured in Bangladesh as riot police clashed with thousands of Islamists protesting women 's rights , authorities and witnesses said . The protesters damaged buses and cars Monday , setting several on fire , while police used clubs and tear gas to disperse the Islamists , who were wearing skullcaps and burial cloths . "  We 'll die for the cause of Islam , but  will  not allow the government to disrespect  the  Quran , " one protester shouted during the demonstration near the national mosque in downtown Dhaka . The government recently announced its National Women Development Policy 2011 , which ensures women expanded rights in property and education . The protesters said the policy is against the Quran . Fazlul Huq Amini , leader of a coalition of Islamic groups called the Islami Oikya Jote , asked his followers to take to the streets to protest the policy . Amini said the Quran defines how much property a woman should inherit , and the government should not allow women more than that . "  It 's against the principle of the Quran , and we 'll resist it at any cost , " Amini said . Thousands of students in madrassas , or Islamic schools , carried sticks and logs as they marched the streets . Protests also took place in the southern port city of Chittagong and several other areas . Business activities ceased , and schools remained closed because of fears of violence . "  We had sufficient security measures to avert any violent incidents , " said Benazir Ahmed , Dhaka 's police chief . The government said it had done nothing against the Quran . "  Amini is misleading the people , " said government spokesman Mohammad Shahjahan Miah . Earlier on Monday , a madrassa student was shot to death in western Jessore district when police opened fire on the protesters . Amini , a former lawmaker , said the protests will continue until the policy is scrapped . The main opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party lent support to the protests .	Dozens of people are injured as riot police clash with protesters The protesters oppose expansion of expanded rights in property and education Protests also take place in the southern port city of Chittagong and other areas The government says it has done nothing against the Quran
CNN  -- Jacques Kallis moved into joint third place on cricket 's all-time Test century list as he helped South Africa recover from a disastrous start to the opening match of the series against top-ranked India in Nagpur on Saturday . The all-rounder joined Brian Lara and Sunil Gavaskar in having scored 34 tons in the five-day game as he posted 159 on the opening day , putting on an unbroken 285 with Hashim Amla as the tourists battled back from losing two wickets for only six runs . The 34-year-old right-hander reached the milestone in his 136th match , five more than West Indian Lara and 11 more than India 's Gavaskar . Only India 's Sachin Tendulkar , who will seek to add to his record tally of 45 centuries in this match , and Australia captain Ricky Ponting  39  have passed three figures more times than that trio . Amla ended the day on 115 , his eighth century in his 42 Test , having come to the crease after India 's left-arm quick bowler Zaheer Khan had Ashwell Prince caught behind by wicketkeeper Mahendra Singh Dhoni for a duck , fending off a short ball . India , who have taken South Africa 's top ranking of the nine Test-playing nations , struck again soon after when Zaheer clean bowled Proteas captain Graeme Smith for six . But Kallis took the attack to the bowlers , and had scored 120 of South Africa 's tea total of 193-2 . Amla had only 38 to his name when Kallis reached his ton , but then took charge in the third and final session as hit hit 55 of the 92 runs scored . It ended a frustrating day for the home side , who had to give reserve wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha his debut as a specialist batsman after VVS Laxman failed a fitness test and Rohit Sharma injured himself playing football in the warm-up . Dhoni then lost the toss , and Zaheer 's early exploits proved to be a false dawn .	Jacques Kallis scores 34th Test century as South Africa reach 291-2 on opening day Hosts India took two early wickets before Kallis added 285 with Hashim Amla Kallis moves into joint third on all-time list with 159 while Amla contributes 115 India head the Test rankings , having overtaken second-placed South Africa last year
CNN  -- The eurozone crisis has truly engulfed Italy -- but is it because the country is insolvent or simply unable to access funds easily in the financial markets ? If Italy is solvent , a distinction can perhaps be drawn between it and the countries surviving on bailout funds from Europe and the International Monetary Fund -- Greece , Portugal and Ireland . The solution , in this case , would be for the European Central Bank to provide cheap liquidity -- loans , effectively -- to the Italian government for a limited period of time . The markets would then be pacified and the crisis would begin to be resolved . If only it were that easy . The distinction between being insolvent and unable to access funds easily in the financial markets might be natural to enterprises but it does not easily fit sovereign states . Italy is certainly finding it difficult to access funds -- the bond markets are gradually turning the tap off by pushing rates on ten year bonds above 7 % . But how can we tell if it is insolvent ? Solvency means that Italy could be reliably expected to service its national debt out of its expanding gross domestic product  GDP  . If lenders were confident about growth and sufficient tax revenues , they would continue to meet Italy 's public borrowing needs . If they were not , the country would have a liquidity problem , as is currently happening . Solvency and liquidity are closely connected for sovereign states . Financial markets rightly worry about Italy 's solvency . They have often been wrong during the last several years , but not this time . Since the mid-1990s , Italian growth has been less than 2 % a year ; investment and consumption have been practically flat ; increases in people 's real income have been among the weakest in Europe , worse even than Germany . Italian households , traditionally conservative , have increased their borrowing to 45 % of GDP . Only one word can characterize Italian performance during the years of monetary union : stagnation . The country has systematically lost competitiveness relative to Germany . The result has been one of the highest national debts in Europe , standing at around 120 % of GDP . Critically , as Italian households have come under pressure , national saving has been steadily declining , making it difficult for the country to service its national debt . Lenders are justifiably worried since , in all these respects , Italy looks similar to the struggling smaller economies of the eurozone periphery . It might be a sizeable economy with a large industrial base , but that means little in this case . The European Monetary Union -- which is the system within which the euro operates -- has trapped several countries of diverging competitiveness within a rigid framework of fixed exchange rates , a single monetary policy , tough fiscal discipline , and continuous pressure on labor . The markets realize that Italy 's debt predicament is similar to peripheral countries , and are sensing that the crisis is gradually moving to the core . The response of the European Union has been a testament to its weakness . To placate markets it has demanded the imposition of austerity on Italy . But the economics of austerity makes no sense at all . Italian problems have originated in a stagnant economy , not in a profligate state . Austerity would almost certainly make things worse by pushing the country into recession , thus worsening the burden of debt . Greece is an extreme case , but it shows graphically the dangers . Italy is entering a risky path -- and the markets know it . On top of that , the imposition of austerity has directly transgressed on Italian sovereignty and on the domestic democratic process , as it has done elsewhere in the periphery . The EU appears to be increasingly run by a small cabal of core countries which impose decisions on others , ignore national institutions and practices , and even force elected governments out of office in preference to so-called non-political administrators . As the liquidity crisis gets sharper and Italy threatens to be shut out of the markets , the EU has only one weapon in its armory : the European Central Bank . It must stem the unfolding collapse of the monetary union by allowing the ECB to buy large volumes of Italian debt . But this could only fix the shortage of liquidity -- Italy 's solvency problem will continue and probably become worse through austerity . If , moreover , the ECB started freely to purchase the public debt of the other 16 countries , it would soil its own balance sheet , a dangerous course to adopt as there is no state to back it up . The credibility of the euro would suffer across the world , defeating the purpose of the monetary union for Germany and other countries at the core . With Italy in turmoil , the EMU is coming up against its own contradictions and probably heading for a breakup . The mix of economic malfunctioning and open disregard for national sovereignty and democracy is highly combustible . Peripheral countries , in particular , are steadily forced toward the exit , with Greece under the most intense pressure . This is probably the only way to break out of the trap of monetary union , while restoring sovereignty and reasserting democracy . Should that occur , the implications for the European and the global economy will be very severe . But those who decide EU policy would have only themselves to blame . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Costas Lapavitsas	Costas Lapavitsas is the lead author of a new RMF report ` Breaking Up ? A Route Out of the Eurozone Crisis ' He says the EU 's Economic and Monetary Union is probably heading for a break up Lapavitsas : The response of the European Union has been a testament to its weakness
