CNN  -- CNN "  Early Start " co-anchor Zoraida Sambolin has been diagnosed with breast cancer and will have a double mastectomy , she told viewers Tuesday while discussing film star Angelina Jolie 's decision to have the surgery as a preventative measure . "  I struggled for weeks trying to figure out how tell you that I had been diagnosed with breast cancer and was leaving to have surgery , " Sambolin said in a posting to her Facebook page Tuesday . "  Then , Angelina Jolie shares her story of a double mastectomy and gives me strength and an opening . " Jolie announced in a New York Times op-ed published Tuesday that she had undergone double mastectomy surgery after learning she has an elevated risk of developing breast and ovarian cancer . During her "  Early Start " appearance , Sambolin said the decision to opt for a mastectomy was a difficult one , but was made easier by reading Jolie 's perspective . "  She said I feel empowered , that I 'm in a strong choice that in no way diminishes my femininity , " Sambolin said . "  You know , it 's nice to hear somebody else talk about it and have that support of a lot of women around you . " "  At the end of the day , I need to have peace of mind , " she added . "  I need to sleep at night . I have two kids that are my world , like any woman , and it 's what you think about . So I thought for me , this would be the best decision moving forward so I could feel confident that it 's not something that I 'm going to have to deal with that much more in the future . " Sambolin is scheduled to have the surgery on May 28 , she told viewers . She said she is opting for surgery similar to Jolie 's . She said she has a history of fibrocystic breast tissue , which made making a diagnosis difficult , and said early detection through regular mammograms was key for her . "  I did n't mess around . I went when I was supposed to go , and I followed it diligently , " she said . Dozens of people expressed support for Sambolin on her Facebook page . "  You are an amazing and strong woman and I know you will beat this ! " Facebook user Jennifer Majerus posted . "  Praying for you Z ! , " Facebook user Charles Barnes posted to her page . "  I know you will overcome this challenge ! "	NEW : "  At the end of the day , I need to have peace of mind , " Sambolin says Angelina Jolie 's op-ed gives CNN anchor "  opening " to discuss her diagnosis Zoraida Sambolin says she "  struggled for weeks " over how to address issue She tells viewers she will have surgery May 28
CNN  -- A transient , who was nicknamed "  The Box Cutter , " was sentenced to more than 400 years in prison for a knifing rampage against several California women . Charles Juan Proctor was convicted this month of 22 charges including robbery and attempted murder in connection with the slashing spree , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office said . On Monday , Long Beach Superior Court Court Judge Gary Ferrari sentenced the 45-year-old man to 433 years plus 11 life sentences . Proctor was also ordered to pay about $ 58,000 in restitution to two women he knifed in the throat , prosecutors said . In all , there were six women who were attacked , prosecutors said . Most of Proctor 's victims were shop owners attacked at their places of business , authorities said . The remaining victims were shop employees . "  One of the most brutal of the attacks was the slashing of a woman who sustained a four-inch wound to the neck , plus stab wounds to her face and head , " the district attorney 's office said . The man was dubbed ` the box cutter " by police during the 2008 terror spree , CNN-affiliate KTLA reported . Prosecutors said all the women were held at the point of a knife or box-cutter during the robberies , the affiliate reported . "  You are a violent and dangerous human being . Your conduct toward these victims is absolutely despicable , " the judge told Proctor during the sentencing , according to the affiliate . "  It 's unconscionable what you did to these women . You should n't be on any street in the city of Long Beach . In fact , you should n't be on any street in this country . "	Authorities say Proctor attacked six women Proctor also has to pay money to two women who had their throats slashed Police name Proctor the "  box cutter "
CNN  -- It 's that time of the year when winter sports enthusiasts dust off their skis and snowboards and get ready to hit the slopes in search of perfect powder and fresh adventures . The choice of ski resort is key to that enjoyment and a good place to start might be Solden in Austria where the Alpine Skiing World Cup starts next weekend on the treacherous Rettenbach Glacier . The courses set for the daredevil professionals might prove a little daunting for the average skier -- but help is at hand from Olympic legends who forged their reputation at that highest level , yet still appreciate the needs of the less gifted participant . Step forward Tommy Moe , whose approach may border on the reckless but who seized his moment to win the blue riband event in alpine skiing . Moe 's gold in the downhill at the Lillehammer Games of 1994 came as a surprise to almost everyone but himself . He sensed something special would happen . "  I thought today 's the day , I will either win or crash , " he told CNN . "  You have to have that sort of mentality . Looking back I was at the peak of my career . " He went on to win silver in the super-G to complete a triumphant Games . His fellow American Chris Klug is another ski aficionado . Klug was given a precious second chance of life after a liver transplant and grabbed it with both hands to join Moe in Winter Olympic folklore . Klug spent nearly a decade on a transplant waiting list after being diagnosed with a rare condition , but it did not stop him competing in the parallel giant slalom event at the 1998 Nagano Winter Games . Two years later he underwent successful surgery after a perfect donor match was found and within weeks was training again for his demanding sport . "  I was so glad that my lifestyle had not been compromised , " he told CNN . Far from it . Earning a place in the U.S. team for a "  home " Winter Games in Salt Lake City , Klug achieved the remarkable feat of winning a bronze medal in the parallel giant slalom event . "  It was the highlight of my life and I certainly received a lot of exposure because of my condition . " To this day , Klug remains the only transplant recipient to win an Olympic medal . He went on to compete in the 2010 Vancouver Games to extend his career at the top to nearly 20 years . "  I 'm proud to share my story and let people know what is possible after a transplant , " said Klug who gives inspirational speeches and runs a foundation ? Klug also competed on the professional skiing tour where he raced against Moe , who naturally is full of admiration for his feats . "  Chris is a great guy , " he said . Given their backgrounds and love of the mountains , it is no surprise that in retirement both remain close to the sport , acting as expert guides to groups and individuals of all standards . Having raced all over the world , both also have a unique insight and a particular view of what constitutes their ideal ski resort . Given their pedigree and knowledge , they were asked to contribute by author Chris Santella to his book , "  Fifty Places to Ski and Snowboard Before You Die . " Santella , who is based in Portland , Oregon , asked experts , both competitive skiers like Moe and Klug and influential figures in the sport , for their choices and the result is an eclectic mix across several continents . Moe spends most of his time at his home in Wyoming with his wife Megan and two daughters , Taylor , who is six , and four-year-old Taryn . He is also an owner of the Tordrillo Mountain resort in the Alaskan wilderness , where he leads skiers of all standards on heli-skiing tours -- the only way to access 1.2 million acres of terrain . By confession , Santella is not an expert skier , but his own choice is Tordrillo after going with Moe on one of his expeditions . "  I looked down where were supposed to go and must admit I had some doubts , but it was brilliant thanks to Tommy , " he said . Moe was renowned for his all or nothing approach . It was ultimately his undoing after a serious crash in 1995 on the Kvitfjell course he had won gold on the year before had a detrimental effect on his ambitions at the highest level . But skiing with the likes of Klug and other ex-Olympic stars , he extended his career on the U.S. professional circuit . These days , Moe is mostly content to take in the views and pass on his expertise to others . "  I still ski for myself just a little bit , but I 've got a lot smarter . I just liking skiing with business friends , or people hire me to ski with them . " His two daughters have also taken to the slopes and although Moe would be delighted if they followed in his illustrious footsteps , he is wary of the dangers . "  It is a tough career and as I know only too well you can get injured , " he said . Not that his daredevil days are behind him just yet . "  Live life on the edge , or you are taking up too much space , " remains Moe 's mantra at heart . He understands why Santella chose Tordrillo for special mention . "  It 's pretty special . Alaska is really vast with so many mountain ranges . Our little area has 1.5 million acres of our own terrain we can access mainly by helicopter . "  It 's a wilderness and we can go to untouched mountains with a dream landscape at all times of the year . " And would it be Moe 's own top choice ? "  It 's definitely in my top three along with my own selection of Niseko  which in the southwest of Hokkaido , Japan 's second-largest island  and probably Jackson Hole in Wyoming . " For the 42-year-old Klug , who lives in Aspen , Colorado , there is no place like home . "  Maybe I 'm biased but not only do we have incredible terrain , but Aspen has a unique history so you can come here to find great skiing and snowboarding as well as big city cultural attractions , " he told CNN . However , as Santella notes in the foreword to his book , it 's an entirely subjective judgment . For some the perfect setting would offer to chance to match legends such as Moe and Klug on the same pistes . "  To push your skills to the limit on dizzying steeps or monstrous moguls , " he wrote . "  To walk in the turns of some of the sports ' most celebrated practitioners ... for others it might be a few gentle runs on the nursery slopes and good ` apres-ski . ' " But he is keen to stress that you do n't need to travel to the other side of the planet to experience the sheer joy of snowing or snowboarding . "  A good dump of snow on your modest local hill can make for a great day . Yet a trip to a dream venue can create memories for a lifetime . " For Klug , every day is a great day after facing down a life-threatening condition to inspire others with his feats . "  I stared death in the face for nearly 10 years on a transplant waiting list and went on to win an Olympic medal , " he says proudly . "  It 's about not taking a single turn for granted and enjoy the ride . " Santella hopes his guide will inspire skiers and snowboarders of all standards to take to the slopes , but knows the selection of the top 50 resorts will be open to debate with so many so passionate about the sport .	Ski legends choose their favorite resorts from around the world Tommy Moe entered record books as Olympic downhill champion in 1994 Chris Klug only transplant recipient to win an Olympic medal Other contributors include U.S. star Jonny Moseley
It 's going to be a big year for travelers who love cruising . Not only will 2015 see the launch of a number of spectacular new cruise ships , but the opening of new routes will make some of the world 's most remote places significantly more accessible . We asked some of the travel world 's top cruise experts to share their picks for the hottest cruise itineraries of 2015 and the ships that will be sailing them . Alaskan Dream Cruises In 2015 , cruise ships will be pushing deeper into the wilderness than ever before , and this particular sailing offers some great wildlife-spotting opportunities on a smaller boat . "  This Alaskan Dream Cruises sailing includes complimentary shore excursions designed to showcase true Alaskan adventures and the native heritage , " says Annie Scrivanich , senior vice president of Cruise Specialists . "  Departures coincide with seasonal changes and animal migrations for the best weather and animal viewing opportunities . If you 're only going to visit Alaska once , this itinerary is your best bet . " Alaskan Dream Cruises : Baranof Dream , +1 855 747 8100 , from $ 4,399 per person Windstar Cruises : Star Breeze The latest addition to Windstar Cruises ' fleet , Star Breeze has fans of European cruises particularly jazzed . Among the top picks is the 10-day Sicilian Splendors cruise , which takes in Rome , Catania , Valletta , Gozo , Trapani , Sorrento and Capri . "  We 're all very excited about the new Windstar Star Breeze , " says Scrivanich . "  This new power yacht holds a maximum of 212 guests and provides new opportunities for those looking for a European cruise on a smaller ship . " Windstar Cruises : Star Breeze , +1 206 733 3005 , from $ 4,449 per person Viking Cruises : Viking Star This Viking Cruises tour takes in the best of Europe 's northern cities , including Bergen , Stockholm , St. Petersburg , Helsinki , Tallinn , Gdansk , Berlin , Copenhagen and Stavanger . But it 's the boat that experts are most excited about , as it will be Viking Cruises ' first ocean-going ship . The 47,800 gross tonne ship will have 464 cabins and accommodate 928 guests "  I 'm really looking forward to Viking Cruises ' Viking Star , which sets sail in 2015 , " says cruise journalist and Telegraph Travel cruise specialist Jane Archer . "  It 's a brand new ship and the mockups look amazing . " Other itineraries available on the Viking Star include Mediterranean and western European tours . Viking Cruises : Viking Star , 0800 298 9700 , from $ 4,703 per person Princess Cruises : Japan Getaway Fancy checking out Japan but short on time ? Then consider stepping aboard one of the many cruise ships heading there in 2015 . "  Japan is one to watch for 2015 and into 2016 , " predicts cruise journalist Archer . "  A lot of people want to visit but are nervous because of the language , food and very different culture . "  Having a cruise ship for a base helps to give confidence and means they can visit several ports on one holiday . " Princess Cruises ' Diamond Princess ship has two Japan Getaway itineraries on offer in 2015 . There 's a 16-day Grand Japan and Taiwan tour setting sail in May , followed by an 11-day tour of Japan , China and Southeast Asia that hits the seas in September . Princess Cruises : Diamond Princess , +1 852 2952 8088 , from $ 861 per person Royal Caribbean : Quantum of the Seas Next year , some of the biggest cruise operators will be making an extra effort to entice Asian passengers onto their ships . This includes Royal Caribbean , which is sending its newest and most hi-tech ship , Quantum of the Seas , to China . "  Asia continues to grow as an emerging market cruise lines want to invest in , especially in 2015 , " says Michelle Fee , chief executive of Cruise Planners . "  The new Quantum of the Seas will be based in Shanghai , as part of an effort to introduce the Asian traveler to cruising . " The ship 's five-night Fukuoka and Busan cruise departs Shanghai on August 3 , 2015 , and takes in Fukuoka , Japan and Busan , South Korea before heading pack to its starting port . Royal Caribbean : Quantum of the Seas , +1 305 341 0204 , from $ 2,548 per person Compagnie du Ponant : Le Lyrial This exciting cruise itinerary makes the cut in part because the mode of transport is so fantastic . "  Compagnie du Ponant is introducing its newest luxury expedition ship , Le Lyrial , in spring 2015 , " reveals Richard West , founder of Explorcruises.com . "  It 's exciting because it 's a truly luxurious expedition-style small ship " . The Athens to Dubrovnik itinerary is a seven-night cruise that sets sail in August , taking in the highlights of the Croatian coast before heading to Greece . Compagnie du Ponant : Le Lyrial , +33 4 88 66 64 00 , from $ 4,160 per person Uniworld River Cruise : Splendors of Egypt and the Nile Cruise companies pulled out of Egypt en masse due to the recent turmoil , but in 2015 , it will be possible to cruise the Nile once again . "  Uniworld Boutique River Cruise Collection has re-launched a sailing along Egypt 's great Nile River on board the elegant , all-suite River Tosca , with cruises starting in October 2015 , " says Fee of Cruise Planners . "  Egypt is an awe-inspiring destination and travelers can experience its culture on a 12-day program with luxury accommodation . " Uniworld River Cruise : River Tosca , +1 818 382 7820 , from $ 5,136 per person P&O Britannia Here 's one for those who consider themselves a bit of a foodie . P & O 's Cookery Club , on its new Britannia ship , allows guests to hone their culinary skills alongside some of the world 's top chefs . "  P&O Cruises ' culinary offerings on-board their new ship Britannia are particularly exciting , " says Adam Coulter , editor of Cruise Critic . "  The line has enlisted the help of a number of celebrity chefs to create the first cookery school on-board a British ship . " Chefs leading workshops will include Marco Pierre White , Atul Kochar and wine guru Olly Smith . The vessel will spend its first year touring waters around the Caribbean , Baltic and Mediterranean . Pocruises.com , prices TBA Wendy Wu Tours : Irrawaddy Voyager "  In 2015 we 'll see more luxury ships are moving into Burma -LSB- Myanmar -RSB- , " says Peter Lynch , editor of website Cruise Passenger . "  It 's a country filled with wonderful people and astonishing historic sites . " One such cruise is Wendy Wu 's 12-day Irrawaddy Voyager sailing , which takes in Kyauk Myaung , where traditional Myanmar 50 gallon water pots can be seen , the magnificent wooden Bagaya Monastery and the U Bein Bridge  the world 's longest teak wood bridge  as well as Bagan , where there are 2,000 Buddhist structures scattered across a vast plain . Wendy Wu Tours : Irrawaddy Voyager , +44 207 939 1200 , from $ 3,654 per person Norwegian Cruise Lines : Norwegian Escape "  Norwegian Cruise Lines are launching the Norwegian Escape in 2015 , which was named by consumers via a Facebook contest , so travelers are already invested in it , " says Cruise Planners ' Fee . "  The Norwegian Escape will be the largest ship in the Norwegian Cruise Lines fleet and features The Haven , which is almost like a separate ship , with luxury suites , private dining and more . " One of the most popular cruise routes is predicted to be its Eastern Caribbean itinerary , which sails out of Miami . Norwegian Cruise Line : Norwegian Escape , +44 845 201 8900 , from $ 782 per person CroisiEurope : Loire cruise Cruise fans have been eagerly awaiting this particular outing because the boat will use paddle wheel technology to allow it to navigate the shallow waters of the Loire , and overnight cruises along the river have n't been possible until now . "  I 'm especially excited about the new Loire cruises because it 's a river which has yet to be explored , " says Cruise Passenger 's Lynch . "  Paddle ships will allow this to be done for the first time in 2015 . " CroisiEurope : Loire Princesse , +33 388 762 199 , from $ 1,570 per person Crystal Cruises : Best of the Baltic Proving that cruises are no longer just about eating a lot of food and not doing very much , Crystal Cruises is just one operator offering passengers the chance to work off those calories -- in this case , with a 90-minute run around St. Petersburg during its "  Best of the Baltic " cruise from Stockholm to Copenhagen . "  There is a growing focus on fitness and wellness , both through facilities on board and excursions ashore , such as Crystal Cruises ' excursions for runners , " says Edwina Lonsdale , chief executive of Mundy Cruising . Crystal Cruises : Crystal Symphony , +1 310 785 9300 , from $ 3,845 per person Azamara Club Cruises : Bali & Great Barrier Reef The introduction of this new 14-night cruise of Bali and the Great Barrier Reef is another indicator of a cruise trend we 'll see in 2015 . "  Australia and New Zealand cruises are becoming more popular , " says Sean Keddy , cruise expert at travel agency Love Holidays . "  I suspect this is mainly due to an increased interest from the local markets , but this does allow passengers from Europe and the U.S. more choice and competitive pricing . " Azamara Club Cruises : Azamara Quest , +1 305 341 0206 , from $ 4,277 per person Crystal Cruises : Northwest Passage Sometimes tropical destinations just do n't do it for would-be cruisers . For those who have some cash to splash , there 's Crystal Cruises ' new 32-day Northwest Passage cruise , which will set sail in 2016 . It starts in Alaska and finishes in New York , getting there via Nunavut , Greenland and Maine . "  For those interested in a genuine Alaska cruise experience , this itinerary offers a great blend of scenic highlights , wildlife viewing opportunities , off-the-beaten-track excursions and unique ports of call , " says Scrivanich of Cruise Specialists . Crystal Cruises : Crystal Serenity , +1 310 785 9300 , from $ 22,865 per person	CroisiEurope 's Loire Princesse will be the first overnight cruise on the Loire River Viking Cruises is set to introduce its first ocean-bound ship , the Viking Star P & O Britannia will be the first brand to offer a culinary school aboard a British ship Cruisers can take in Egypt from the River Nile aboard the all-suite River Tosca
Rolling Stone  -- While gearing up to take Poison on tour with Def Leppard this summer , Michaels found time to assemble an all-star cast of guests for his new LP , "  Bret Michaels and Friends : Get Your Rock On , " due out in September . "  Every song on it is a collaboration with other musicians , " says Michaels . "  And it 's such a diverse range of people , from Loretta Lynn and Joe Perry -LSB- who play on a reworking of the Poision hit "  Every Rose Has Its Thorn " -RSB- and Jimmy Buffett to Lil Jon , Michael Anthony , Ace Frehley , all the Skynyrd guys , guys from .38 Special and Blackfoot and Rascal Flatts ' Jay -LSB- DeMarcus -RSB- . These are friends and people I 've played with , partied with , jammed with throughout the years . " A new rendition of Poison 's "  Nothin ' But a Good Time " unites Frehley , Anthony and Lil Jon . "  Ace Frehley is the real deal , " says Michaels . "  He laid down this amazing solo and then Michael Anthony came in , he did the backups , and I was like , ` Just play some Michael Anthony licks . ' He did , and that 's what made magic on the song . " While many of the featured artists are now friends of Michaels , they started off as his rock & roll heroes . That 's most apparent on his rendition of "  Sweet Home Alabama . " "  I did -LSB- it -RSB- with all the guys from Lynyrd Skynyrd , the guys from Blackfoot and .38 Special , " he says . "  That was amazing because probably my first foot in the door as a child was traditional country , then I got turned onto the Beatles and Stones . Then I immediately fell in love with Southern rock , which was kind of a perfect mixture of country and rock . " Michaels is n't done recruiting collaborators . He hopes to get Zakk Wylde to come in and redo "  Go That Far , " the theme from Rock of Love . And after checking out Cheap Trick in concert recently , he got another idea . "  I 'd like to get Rick Nielsen to come in to play on ` Talk Dirty to Me , ' " he says . "  I think that 'd be great to have him come in and put his style on a song that I remade in an over-the-top , punk-metal fashion . " Though Michaels says , "  This could be the never-ending record , " he 's focused on finishing the LP and ca n't help but get excited about the prospects of future collaborations . "  If I was to do another one of these records , it 's overwhelming the amount of possibilities , " he says . "  I 've been onstage with Jimmy Page , he 's come and played with Poison in Reno , Nevada , and it was an amazing night . And last year , I played with Toby Keith and partied with him . The list is endless . " See full story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Bret Michaels and Friends : Get Your Rock On " will drop in September It will feature a number of artists including Jimmy Buffett , Ace Frehley , Lil Jon and Loretta Lynn Michaels is n't done recruiting collaborators
February 6 , 2014 You might be sitting thousands of miles away from Sochi , Russia , but today 's edition of CNN Student News takes you on a tour of the Olympic city . We also examine the economic impacts that another winter blast is having on parts of the U.S. , and we report on a major pharmacy 's decision to get out of the cigarette business . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might a reporter help familiarize an audience with a little-known place ? If you were a producer , what elements would you include in this kind of report ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Olympic flame 2 . the "  Russian Riviera " 3 . GPS Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the video : What are some journalists saying about the city of Sochi 's readiness for the Olympics ? What are Russian authorities saying in response ? Why does Sochi not appear to be the typical Winter Olympic venue ? 2 . Why is the Chicago restaurant in the video temporarily out of business ? What other industries are suffering due to the extreme winter weather ? What kinds of businesses are benefitting from it ? 3 . What action has CVS announced regarding tobacco products in its stores ? According to the company 's CEO , why is it taking this action ? How could it impact the stores ' revenue ? What do critics have to say about this move ? 4 . According to the video , what is the smallest unit of time that can actually be measured ? What is the lab in the video aiming to do ? What is the current source for precision time ? Why is the Pentagon concerned about this source ? Discussion Questions : 1 . In your opinion , what should be the priorities of Sochi officials as the city prepares for the Olympics ? 2 . Is this winter having a negative or positive impact on any businesses in your area ? Explain . In your opinion , is there anything that any of these businesses can do to "  weatherproof " themselves ? 3 . What 's your opinion of the decision by CVS not to sell tobacco products in its stores ? Do you think it will hurt or benefit the business in the short and long term ? Explain . 4 . Why do you think that synchronization of time is so important ? Besides the examples cited in the video , can you think of examples in your everyday life in which precision timekeeping is important ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  As the Ebola epidemic crept into Liberia in March 2014 , a dramatic shift began to take place . In a matter of months , the widespread belief that Ebola did n't even exist gave way to a gripping fear across Monrovia , the capital city . When the decision was made to evacuate Peace Corps volunteers from Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone at the end of July , the agency worked quickly to ensure each volunteer returned safely to the United States . This was not an easy operation as logistics and already-challenged roads had deteriorated with the full force of the rainy season . Once we , as American and Liberian Peace Corps staff members , achieved our goal of seeing all volunteers safely back home , we began educating ourselves on the potential impact the Ebola virus could have in Liberia . Our primary concern was keeping each other and the communities where we lived safe . Monrovia 's usual vibrancy became taut with fear as the epidemic spread . Through an interagency partnership , Peace Corps Director Carrie Hessler-Radelet made the agency 's resources available to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as they fought the Ebola epidemic at the grassroots level . Peace Corps staff who remained in Liberia after the volunteers ' departure could help CDC experts build local support in the affected areas , bridge gaps in logistics and facilitate community entry in culturally appropriate ways . Many of the CDC experts arriving to combat the epidemic had never set foot in Africa , so those of us in the Peace Corps used our good standing in Liberian communities to assist the CDC in getting prevention and treatment messages to the most effective stakeholders in each community . Making a difference is a central tenant of Peace Corps ' culture , so we felt this opportunity to support the CDC 's effort was a perfect fit . The ability to pitch in and contribute not only empowered us , but we noticed it also helped dissolve the barriers of fear and revived the passion of the Peace Corps staff . Enthusiasm for the partnership was overwhelming . When staff members were given the option to use their time supporting the CDC , nearly all Peace Corps Liberian staff volunteered to help . Starting in September , four-person teams -- composed of two CDC staff and two Peace Corps staffers -- traveled across Liberia to track the virus and teach people in rural and urban areas how to prevent transmission . It was a courageous decision and a serious commitment for each member of the Peace Corps team . They put themselves closer to possible exposure , and they were going to live away from their families in Monrovia , where more than half of the new cases of Ebola were reported . In the field , the teams faced many distressing moments . They witnessed a multitude of tragedies , such as when Ebola-infected infants were set aside because protective materials were scarce . They mourned with those who suffered unspeakable losses . They stood by families who endured unimaginable heartbreak , but the Peace Corps staff also had a significant positive impact . Along with CDC experts , Peace Corps staff went out to encouraged the sick to seek treatment rather than stay home to protect their families . These efforts kept people who had been in contact with Ebola from infecting their families . It helped contain some of the contamination . Liberia has made remarkable strides in the fight against Ebola , and there are Liberian heroes in every corner of the country . I happen to work with many in the Peace Corps Liberia office . As everyday citizens , they stood up to fight this disease that had descended on their country . One Peace Corps staff member convinced a mother to take her sick child to seek medical attention rather than caring for him at home . That one action potentially saved a household of 10 from Ebola . Others made valiant efforts directing local health care workers toward the sick . Peace Corps staff consoled the bereaved in the communities where they live . As they fight this epidemic , most Liberians are incredibly grateful for the assistance of the global community , especially the United States . It is now common here for the sounds of American Apache helicopters and Ospreys buzzing overhead to be greeted as a sign of relief and support . The unfortunate reality is that after many years of hardship because of civil war , poverty and limited health care , Liberians have developed an extraordinary ability to adapt to "  the new normal , " and many have found a way to cope with Ebola and move forward with their daily lives . The power of science and information from experts about how the virus can spread has allayed much of the fear and concern we saw many months ago . At this writing , all but two of Liberia 's 15 counties have been Ebola free for the past 21 days . This is a huge accomplishment , but our mission is not over . There remains an intensive to-do list : concentrating resources in contact tracing , educating communities on safe burial practices and amplifying tactics to keep our health care professionals safe . Peace Corps staff members have made -- and will continue to make -- an incredible impact in the fight against Ebola in Liberia . Stopping just one infection can deny the virus the ability to spread to 30 or more additional Ebola exposures and potential deaths , and that means every conversation , every meeting , every hand washing station counts . Our journey since March has , at different moments , been harrowing , exhausting and overwhelming , but every minute of it has been worth it . This effort has deepened our partnership with our colleagues at the CDC , but also with the Liberian people and the communities Peace Corps serves . It has strengthened our resolve and our commitment to bring Peace Corps volunteers back to Liberia and the other Ebola-affected countries when it is safe to do so , and to continue to support the CDC and the Liberian people , one community at a time . I could not have been more privileged and fortunate to work side by side with the Peace Corps team in Liberia . I can only hope that I have made some small impact on their lives , as they have made a huge impact on mine .	Even after Peace Corps volunteers were evacuated from Liberia , staff remained there They 've been working to get prevention and treatment messages out to communities
CNN  -- A man who shot eight people dead Tuesday at a Connecticut beverage distributor before turning the gun on himself chased at least one of his victims through the building and out into a parking lot , police said Wednesday . Police are still attempting to determine whether Omar Thornton targeted his victims , said Manchester , Connecticut police Lt. Chris Davis . But "  it 's probably likely that he was targeting some individuals , " he said , as some of those who died were in management . Thornton passed others by without shooting them , he said . Authorities said Thornton , 34 , resigned under pressure Tuesday after he was accused of stealing alcoholic beverages while on his driving route for Hartford Distributors . As he left that meeting , escorted by two people , Thornton said he wanted a drink of water and went into the kitchen area , Davis said . Police believe he had brought two 9mm handguns to the building in a lunchbox . In the kitchen , he pulled out the guns and shot his two escorts . Thornton then "  went through the whole building in a very short amount of time " as workers cowered under desks and in "  nooks and crannies " and 9-1-1 calls poured in , Davis said . Read 9-1-1 call transcript He would not say whether anyone was shot in the parking lot , but said Thornton shot through a glass door to re-enter the building . Asked about allegations that Thornton , who was African-American , had experienced racial discrimination at work , Davis said police , working with the company , had found no evidence of discrimination . A girlfriend of Thornton had indicated he was a victim of racial harassment at the beverage center , the girlfriend 's mother , Joanne Hannah , said Tuesday . She said Thornton told the girlfriend he had reported it to a company supervisor and a union representative but nothing was done about it . "  There is nothing on record of any complaints from Omar and there had been no disciplinary actions with him prior to this , " said Chris Roos , secretary and treasurer of Teamsters Local 1035 , said Wednesday . The first 9-1-1 call came in at 7:26 a.m. , Davis said , and the first officers arrived within three minutes . A five-man team was sent into the building to search for the suspect within 10 minutes , he said . Thornton 's body was found in a corner office area of the building by 8:15 a.m. . Earlier Wednesday , Manchester police identified the eight slain people as Francis Fazio , 57 , of Bristol , Connecticut ; Douglas Scuton , 56 , of Middletown , New Hampshire ; Edwin Kennison , 49 , of East Hartford , Connecticut ; William Ackerman , 51 , of Broadbrook , Connecticut ; Bryan Cirigliano , 51 , of Newington , Connecticut ; Craig Pepin , 60 , of South Windsor , Connecticut ; Louis Felder Jr. , 50 , of Stamford , Connecticut ; and Victor James of Windsor , Connecticut , who was killed on his 61st birthday . The injured people were Steven Hollander , 50 , of South Windsor . He was treated and released from Hartford Hospital . Jerome Rosenstein , 77 , of West Hartford , Connecticut , remained in serious condition , authorities said Wednesday . Cirigliano was the shop steward for the Teamsters union and its president , Roos said Tuesday . One of those killed was attempting to escape from the gunfire and drove a forklift into an electrical conduit , starting an electrical fire , Davis said Wednesday . He would not say whether that person was shot . Police also found a shotgun in Thornton 's vehicle , but believe it was not used in the shootings , Davis said . Thornton was "  fairly nomadic , " he said , and authorities have searched his previous addresses , but found nothing of value . Asked whether the company had taken security measures for the meeting with Thornton , Davis said some measures were taken . The company had had a private investigator follow Thornton in an effort to determine whether he was taking the alcohol , he said . Thornton left no notes behind , and made no comments to relatives about his plans , Davis said , but the fact that he brought the guns to the building indicates the shootings were "  obviously something he was thinking about doing . " Thornton had six guns registered to him , and police were attempting to account for them all , he said . Authorities believe the guns used in the shootings were bought at a gun dealership in East Windsor , Connecticut . Joanne Hannah said Thornton showed her daughter , Kristie Hannah , a cell phone photo of racial epithets and a stick figure with a noose around its neck drawn on a restroom stall . He said he was in a stall once and heard a coworker say they "  wanted that n ----- out of there , " she said . Thornton 's mother told CNN affiliate WFSB that she received a phone call from him shortly after 7 a.m. Tuesday . He told her he had just shot several people and planned to kill himself . She said she told WFSB that she pleaded with him not to do it for 10 minutes , but it did n't work . "  He said , ' I killed the five racists that was there bothering me , ' " Will Holliday , Thornton 's uncle , told WFSB . "  He said , ` That 's it . The cops are going to come in so I 'm going to take care of it myself . ' " About 50 people were in the building at the time , officials said . "  It could n't have happened at a worse time of day , " Teamsters union official John Hollis told CNN affiliate WTNH . "  They have third shift going on , the first shift coming on , the office staff there , the sales staff there . " About 170 people work at the company , Roos said . The shootings left the company and the community in shock . A memorial service was planned for Wednesday night to allow community members to grieve . At the company Wednesday , employees comforted one another . One man , identified only as Roy , was in the building at the time of the shootings . One employee embraced Roy . Asked afterward how Roy had described the incident , the man said Roy told him , "  Pure hell , Al , and just walked away . Pure hell ... And I 'm sure it was . " CNN 's Adam Reiss contributed to this report .	NEW : Omar Thornton brought two guns with him in a lunchbox , police say NEW : Authorities believe at least some of the victims were targeted NEW : Police think the guns used were legally purchased NEW : A memorial service is planned Wednesday night for victims
CNN  -- Luis Caplan served the poor of the South Bronx for decades out of a small medical office . His leg was amputated after a bout with cancer in 1990 , yet he continued to work for another five years . Luis Caplan , 71 , asks of the stimulus package : "  What happens to the real middle class ? " Now , his savings have nearly been wiped out because of the economic crisis . At the age of 71 , he faces losing his apartment if things do n't change soon . The government bailed out the big institutions , but "  what happens to the little people ? " he asks . "  What happens to the real middle class ? What happens to me ? " he says , choking back tears . "  It 's awful . It 's really awful . " With Congress working to pass the $ 800 billion stimulus bill , millions of Americans -- especially those with homes they 're trying to sell or about to be foreclosed on -- are asking the same thing : What 's in it for me ? Caplan says most of his equity is tied up in his 800-square-foot apartment that he purchased in 1985 . He wants to sell it to move to Seattle , Washington , to be near his daughter , who was recently diagnosed with multiple sclerosis . But his place has sat on the market for three months without an offer . Located in a tony neighborhood in Manhattan 's Upper East Side , apartments used to sell in a matter of weeks . Caplan has dropped $ 50,000 from the original asking price of $ 625,000 and may have to drop the price again . He says he can barely afford maintenance fees and other monthly costs associated with his place . He hopes to make enough money to pay off the reverse mortgage he took out to supplement his Social Security payments . "  I do n't know how much more I can go through like this , " he says , sobbing even more . "  I 'm going crazy with this . " His son , Danny Caplan , says , "  He 's collateral damage . He has equity and could sell it and walk away and have enough to live comfortably . But -LSB- he ca n't -RSB- because of the economic situation . " America 's housing crisis has become a key issue for Washington policymakers . Millions of Americans are in foreclosure or facing foreclosure ; others are out of work trying to sell their homes in a down economy . And there are elderly people , such as Caplan , who want to sell immediately to help stabilize their finances . Send us your thoughts on the stimulus plan President Obama on Tuesday told people at a town hall meeting in Fort Myers , Florida , that he plans to announce in coming weeks "  what our overall housing strategy is going to be . " Secretary of Treasury Tim Geithner made the rounds in Washington on Tuesday to push the stimulus bill , including the need to jump-start America 's housing market . See stimulus bill provisions " "  Homeowners around the country are seeing the value of their homes fall because of forces they did not create and can not control , " he said . "  This crisis in housing has had devastating consequences , and our government should have moved more forcefully to help contain the damage . " At one Senate hearing , Sen. Jack Reed , D-Rhode Island , said "  decisive action " is needed to address the housing crisis . "  I think the message should come through clear from all of us , you have to move aggressively , clearly , and to start working , " Reed said . "  I agree with you , " Geithner responded . "  Our objective is , and our hope is , that our program meets that test . " The stimulus bill does sweeten the pot for potential homebuyers , which supporters say could help spur the economy . Critics charge that letting housing prices stabilize on their own is healthy for the economy . The Senate 's version of the bill offers a $ 15,000 tax credit to anyone who purchases a home in the next year , more than double the tax credit offered by the House . Dwight Jaffee , a professor of real estate and finance at the University of California-Berkeley , says the housing market is the "  perfect instrument in leading the economy out of recession because housing is such a big-ticket item . " "  We will not turnaround this economy until we start to turn around housing . I hope people in Washington are hearing it , " he says . In the case of Luis Caplan , Jaffee says , "  What it means to him , if they did carry out this program , then the government would be stimulating the demand -- the buyers -- for his apartment to sell it at a fuller price and much sooner . " Caplan says that would be a good thing . He needs all the help he can get . Born in Argentina , Caplan came to the United States as a legal immigrant in 1964 to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor . He eventually became a naturalized U.S. citizen and opened his medical office to help treat the Spanish-speaking poor of the South Bronx . He believed his calling was to help "  the poorest of the poor " get decent medical treatment , rather than pursue the more high-paying lifestyle of other doctors . Most of his patients were on Medicaid , so he got paid at a rate much less than other doctors . He beams with pride at the lives he saved . "  I caught cancers very early , " he said . "  I 'm not the savior of humanity . ... I just did what I could to help poor people . " In June 1990 at the age of 53 , Caplan started having pain in his left leg . It turned out to be a malignant tumor and his leg was amputated . Yet his passion and commitment to helping others kept him going . Even after losing his leg , he went back to work for another five years . When he retired , he got another shocker : Social Security initially rejected him -- a man without a leg -- for disability . He says he scraped and saved money along the way , "  a very small amount that has practically disappeared . " He now scoots around his apartment in his wheelchair hoping for better days . As far as he 's concerned , the big Wall Street institutions can "  burn in hell . " "  I do n't have a Rolls-Royce . I do n't have a Cadillac , " he says . "  The government ... is n't trying to help everybody : People like me that went through this , people who did something good for the community , people who did n't buy an expensive painting for their office . " Caplan pauses . "  This is what I 'm left with : an apartment that can hardly sell . " His son is proud of his father 's accomplishments , yet he 's frustrated that his dad is in such a financial pinch during a time that 's supposed to be the Golden Years of his life . "  He bought the American dream and paid for the American dream , " says Danny Caplan . CNN 's Jackie Adams contributed to this report .	Luis Caplan , 71 , committed his life to the poor ; now , he faces losing his home On the stimulus bill , he asks , "  What happens to the real middle class ? " Stimulus plan offers a $ 15,000 tax credit for homebuyers to try to spur the market
Washington  CNN  -- A group that 's working to keep Democrats in control of the Senate is releasing its first television ad in the contested U.S. Senate race in Alaska between incumbent Sen. Mark Begich and his GOP challenger , Dan Sullivan . The "  multi-million dollar " ad buy from the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee comes as Begich 's campaign faces a slew of negative headlines for releasing a political attack ad that focused on a gruesome 2013 murder and sexual assault case . The DSCC said it was already planning to go up with the new 30-second spot before the recent controversy , and the ad does n't mention Begich 's ad . Rather , it hits Dan Sullivan for opposing Obamacare . In the commercial , an elderly woman whose husband has Alzheimer 's disease says Sullivan "  supports a plan " to slash Medicare benefits , and his policies would raise prescription drug costs . In the commercial , an elderly woman whose husband has Alzheimer 's disease says Sullivan "  supports a plan " to slash Medicare benefits , and his policies would raise prescription drug costs . Fact Check : Would repeal of Obamacare hike seniors ' drug costs ? According to the 2010 U.S. Census , Alaska has the largest growth rate for seniors  age 65 and older  ; the population for that age group increased by 54 % between 2000 and 2010 . The ad also hits Sullivan for saying he 's open to raising the minimum age for Social Security eligibility . While Sullivan has advocated for reform for younger generations , he has said "  we 're not going to touch " benefits for seniors who are either receiving Social Security benefits or about to receive them . "  But with the younger generation , to phase in reform , there is opportunity , " he said last month at the Anchorage Chamber of Commerce GOP debate . CNN rates the race between Sullivan and Begich as one of six toss-up contests in this year 's midterm elections . As a Democratic senator in a reliably red state , Begich is considered one of the most vulnerable Democrats up for re-election . Republicans need a net gain of six seats to retake the majority in the Senate . The DSCC also has spent money on ads in Arkansas , North Carolina , Louisiana , Iowa , Colorado and Michigan . The new spot comes as Begich is under hot water after his campaign went up with a Willie Horton-style ad against Sullivan on Friday . The spot accused Sullivan of being soft on crime , focusing on a case in which a man allegedly murdered an elderly couple last year and sexually assaulted the couple 's granddaughter , as well as another elderly woman in the home . At the time of the crime , the suspect had just finished a prison sentence of four years for another crime . His sentence should have been longer because his record included a separate felony , but he was only sentenced to four years because of a mistake by the state . Because Sullivan was serving as attorney general at the time of the suspect 's sentencing in 2010 , Begich 's campaign tried to fault Sullivan for letting the suspect go early . However , the mistake that led to the short sentence was made before Sullivan became attorney general . Politifact gave the ad a "  Pants on fire " rating , saying the ad "  is not only inaccurate , it makes an inflammatory accusation . " Shortly after the spot aired , the victims ' family called on Begich and Sullivan , who had released his own ad countering the claims , to pull down their spots , saying the publicity could affect the jury pool for the trial scheduled for this month . Sullivan 's campaign asked TV stations to stop running the ad Sunday , while Begich 's team first said it would alter the ad to remove references to the case . The campaign later pulled down the ad altogether .	The DSCC is spending money against the GOP challenger in Alaska 's Senate race The Democratic incumbent senator is facing criticism for making an ad that focused on a heinous murder Sen. Mark Begich pulled down the ad after the victims ' family got involved The race in Alaska is close and could determine the balance of power in the Senate
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Nelson Mandela 's current hospitalization is due to a lung infection , authorities said Tuesday . Doctors were treating Mandela and he was responding to treatment , a statement from President Jacob Zuma 's office said . Mandela , 94 , was hospitalized over the weekend at a Pretoria facility but the exact nature of his ailment had not been released . Tuesday 's statement said he had a recurrence of a previous lung infection . Mandela has not appeared in public since the 2010 World Cup hosted by South Africa . The former president gets round-the-clock care after abdominal surgery this year and an acute respiratory infection in 2011 . The Nobel Peace Prize laureate spent 27 years in prison for fighting against oppression of blacks in South Africa . He became the nation 's first black president in 1994 , four years after he was freed from prison . Despite his rare appearances , Mandela retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Just last month , South Africa launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front . The new 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 and 200 rand banknotes all feature pictures of the global icon .	Mandela was hospitalized over the weekend Doctors ran tests on the 94-year-old Former South African president won the Nobel Peace Prize for fighting racial segregation
CNN  -- Another top Atlanta Hawks official is facing accusations of racism just days after the team 's owner said he would sell his stake in the franchise after a racially charged email came to light . A letter obtained by CNN affiliate WSB details comments Danny Ferry , the team 's general manager , allegedly made about player Luol Deng during a June conference call about free agents . "  Ferry talked about the player 's good points , and then went on to describe his negatives , stating that ` he has a little African in him . Not in a bad way , but he 's like a guy who would have a nice store out front but sell you counterfeit stuff out of the back , ' " said the letter from J. Michael Gearon Jr. , a minority owner of the Hawks . The general manager also described the player "  as a two-faced liar and cheat , " the letter says . "  We were appalled that anyone would make such a racist slur under any circumstance , much less the GM of an NBA franchise on a major conference call . ... Ferry 's comments were so far out of bounds that we are concerned that he has put the entire franchise in jeopardy , " Gearon wrote . In the letter , Gearon called for Bruce Levenson , the team 's controlling owner , to ask for Ferry 's resignation and fire him if he refused . Ferry , who remains the team 's general manager , apologized for the comments in a statement Tuesday , describing them as "  insensitive remarks . " "  I was repeating comments that were gathered from numerous sources during background conversations and scouting about different players . I repeated those comments during a telephone conversation reviewing the draft and free agency process , " he said in a statement released by the Hawks . "  Those words do not reflect my views , or words that I would use to describe an individual and I certainly regret it . " Hawks CEO Steve Koonin told CNN that Ferry had been punished "  in excess " for the comments but gave no details . ` I 'm proud to say I actually have a lot of African in me ' Deng , now a forward for the Miami Heat , responded in a statement Tuesday . "  I 'm proud to say I actually have a lot of African in me , not just ' a little . ' For my entire life , my identity has been a source of pride and strength . Among my family and friends , in my country of South Sudan and across the broader continent of Africa , I can think of no greater privilege than to do what I love for a living while also representing my heritage on the highest stage , " Deng said in a statement released by the Heat . "  Unfortunately , the comment about my heritage was not made with the same respect and appreciation . " Team officials discussing his free agency should have focused on his professionalism and athletic ability , Deng said . "  Every person should have the right to be treated with respect and evaluated as an individual , rather than be reduced to a stereotype . I am saddened and disappointed that this way of thinking still exists today . I am even more disturbed that it was shared so freely in a business setting , " he wrote . "  However , there is comfort in knowing that there are people who are n't comfortable with it and have the courage to speak up . In the same way a generalization should not define a group of people , the attitude of a few should not define a whole organization or league . " Comments sparked investigation After the June conference call , the Hawks brought in an outside law firm to review the organization from top to bottom in an investigation that took two months . That investigation turned up a racially charged e-mail Levenson wrote to Ferry in 2012 , describing the troubles the franchise faced in attracting more affluent white season-ticket holders . The e-mail bemoaned the high percentage of black cheerleaders and said that white fans may have been scared away by black fans . "  There were 19 people interviewed , 24,000 pieces of evidence looked at , and in that discovery -- that internal investigation -- this email that we released this morning was found , from Bruce Levenson , " Koonin told CNN 's Martin Savidge on Sunday night . "  Bruce was confronted with this email from 2012 , and he decided that instead of fighting it ... he thought it was best for the city , for the team , for his family , to walk away . " The reported remarks from Ferry sparked widespread backlash on Twitter , including criticism from NBA great Earvin "  Magic " Johnson . "  Atlanta Hawks GM Danny Ferry should step down after making racist statements about NBA player Luol Deng , " Johnson said in a Twitter post Tuesday . "  The city of Atlanta and the Hawks fans deserve and should demand better from the Hawks leadership . CNN 's Kevin Dotson , Jillian Martin , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Holly Yan and Ashley Fantz contributed to this report .	Hawks GM Danny Ferry allegedly described Luol Deng as a "  two-faced liar and cheat " "  He has a little African in him , " Ferry said , according to a letter from a team owner Deng says he 's disappointed and disturbed by the comments but proud of his heritage Ferry says he was repeating comments from other sources that do n't reflect his views
CNN  -- Caster Semenya , the athlete at the center of a gender row , has appeared in a photo glamour shoot in her native South Africa . The front cover of You magazine has Semenya as the main feature . The 18-year-old is awaiting the results of a gender verification test ordered by the IAAF , the governing body for athletics , following her triumph in the women 's 800m at world championships in Berlin . Her muscular build and deep voice , coupled with a stunning improvement in performance to win the global title , had led to questions about her gender . It emerged shortly before the 800m final in Berlin last month that the IAAF were conducting tests , sparking a controversy that shows no sign of abating . Semenya appears in a four-page feature in South Africa 's You magazine , occupying the front cover in a tight black dress and necklace , with the headline ' Wow , look at Caster now . ' She told the magazine : "  I am who I am and I am proud of myself . I 'd like to dress up more often and wear dresses but I never get the chance . " Posing in other outfits including black leather trousers and sequined top and a stylish dress , Semenya told the magazine that her mother always buys her clothes , adding "  now I know I look like this I 'd like to do it more often . " The IAAF have confirmed that the results of the complex gender tests would be known in the next two weeks , but would only be released after consultation with Semenya . She has received overwhelming support in South Africa with president Jacob Zuma and other politicians joining the debate . But earlier this week , national track coach Wilfred Daniels resigned , claiming he should have told Semenya in July that she was to undergo tests to determine her sex . Semenya won gold in the fastest time of the year for women 's 800m of one minute 55.45 seconds , finishing several meters clear of her rivals . It remains unclear if she will be stripped of her medal if the gender verification process casts doubt over her sexuality .	Caster Semenya takes part in glamour shoot in South Africa 's You magazine Semenya is subject of gender verification test after winning world 800 title 18-year-old has received overwhelming support in her native South Africa
Moscow  CNN  -- President Dmitry Medvedev has signed an order dismissing longtime Finance Minister Alexei Kudrin , the Kremlin reported Monday on its website . The state-run RIA-Novosti news agency said Kudrin had resigned amid a dispute with Medvedev . The announcement came shortly after Medvedev had given Kudrin until the end of the day to decide whether to quit . "  You need to make a decision quickly and tell me about it today , " Medvedev told Kudrin during a session of the modernization commission in Dimitrovgrad . Medvedev urged that Kudrin to "  make up his mind about his political future , " according to the non-governmental , Moscow-based Interfax news agency . The president was reacting to a comment Kudrin is reported to have made in Washington . Citing differences with Medvedev , particularly related to defense spending , Kudrin said that he would not remain in a government led by Medvedev , Interfax said . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announced Saturday he plans to return next year to the presidency and to name Medvedev as prime minister . Kudrin , 50 , had served as finance minister since 2000 , during which time the government had paid off most of its foreign debt and created oil wealth funds that helped the nation weather the global economic problems of recent years , RIA-Novosti said . -- Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this story	Russian Finance Minister Kudrin steps down over differences with Medvedev Medvedev has already signed the order dismissing Kurdin The economist has been credited with helping Russia weather the global downturn
CNN  -- Some people might call 17-year-old Joshua Hanson one the luckiest people on the planet . Others might call him crazy . I-Reporter Joshua Hanson offered a look at the Mark IV helmet from his "  Legendary Limited Edition Halo 3 . " Hanson waited more than eight hours outside a Woodbury , Minnesota , video game store on Monday evening to be the first in his town to buy one of the most anticipated video games in history -- "  Halo 3 . " Watch Hanson buying the game amid cheers " The final chapter in Microsoft 's acclaimed video game series hit shelves at the stroke of midnight Monday in similar stores across the nation . The Xbox 360 game is expected to shatter entertainment sales records within its first 24 hours of release . Hanson is not alone in his loyalty to the game , and his belief in "  Halo 's " power to entertain and inspire . We asked other CNN.com readers for their take on "  Halo 3 . " Some offered comparisons to "  Star Wars " and "  Harry Potter , " while others discussed compelling new graphics and features . Below is a selection of their responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity . Curt Otto of Springfield , Virginia I waited in line for two-and-half hours to get this game at midnight . I purchased the Legendary Edition of this game at a hefty $ 130 ! Totally worth it ! Although I have n't slept since yesterday and I 'm currently at work and very tired , I would do it all over again for "  Halo . " This is the GREATEST game ever crafted by the hand of man . If you own a 360 , buy this game . If you do n't own a 360 , buy one and go buy this game ! The single player is incredible and the online multiplayer is MIND BLOWING ! Totally worth $ 130 !!! Tony Nash of Buffalo , New York I 've been playing "  Halo " since the very first game came out in 2001 . After getting the brand new Box with a copy of "  Halo " and throwing myself into the game , I quickly realized this was n't a standard gaming experience . It was something much , much more . The game had a great attitude and unique art style . Along with great audio and environments that brought the worlds to life . It also had the most addictive , natural , and fun game play I 've ever experienced . It also contained a well written , downright intriguing story . Getting together with friends to play the multiplayer portion of the game only cemented this title 's epic status . Then came November 2004 , when , of course , a friend and I were in the lines for the Midnight release of "  Halo 2 . " It is no joke ; "  Halo " is more than just a game . Now , I plan on "  finishing the fight " as soon as I leave work . I had "  Halo 3 " pre-ordered for about a month before it came out . Hey , after all , it 's good to keep the kid inside you alive and well ! Cody Chmelik of Clearwater , Florida "  Halo 3 " is the most anticipated event since the trial of O.J. , but the only difference is that "  Halo " is n't disappointing . "  Halo 3 " was the best game I have ever played . The levels are choreographed perfectly , the players look real and the game play is phenomenal . I recommend this game to players of all ages . Wayne S. of Colorado Springs , Colorado "  Halo " is not just a game , it 's a lifestyle , a booming culture of millions of Xbox fans who eat , sleep and live "  Halo . " "  Halo " has jumped started the major league gaming industry and will continue to do so with "  Halo 3 . " I will be getting my copy of "  Halo 3 " at midnight and plan on playing it for days straight . I have played the beta and let me tell you : This is the best video game of the year by far and will be played by the masses for years to come just like "  Halo 2 . " Brian Baker of Beatrice , Nebraska I am 30 years old , and for my 30th birthday my wife pre-ordered "  Halo 3 " for me as a birthday present . The 6 month wait for the present/game did n't bother me one bit . The story that is "  Halo " is something that people can easily identify with . The late '70s to late '90s had Luke Skywalker and the alpha-male heroes of "  Star Wars . " The Generation X , Y and Z now have an alpha-male hero of their own in the Master Chief that they can relate to , or use to associate different attitudes and help instill values of patriotism . In this case , patriotism is not for just a country , but an entire planet and species . I am a very patriotic person , a veteran and a father and see the values that may hide below the surface in this Trilogy , which is why I 'm a "  Halo " fan . Jarrod Leda of Tarentum , Pennsylvania Despite the hype , I am very excited for this -LSB- new game -RSB- . Some question why "  Halo " got so big , as there are other good shooters very similar to it . I think , like "  Star Wars " before it , it just got things right . And now , it 's become iconic : the characters , the universe , it 's something everyone who loves games can talk about and share . The game allows things that most other games would not ; the physics and mechanics of the engine are great . And it plays flawlessly on X-box live . I ca n't wait . Vivek Patel of Albany , New York "  Halo " can be compared to "  Harry Potter " in that when you start reading or playing you have to finish . The third installment gamers will wait in line for hours ; even bleed to finally finish the fight that was started years ago . To me "  Halo 3 " is n't even advertised that much , and they will achieve their records by sheer popularity . Alessandro Miglio of Walnut Creek , California The "  Halo " franchise is like a budding "  Star Trek " phenomenon . There are a lot of hardcore fans , like myself , who are not just really into the games , but read all the books and comics that expand the universe . We even write tons of theories and fan fictions with all the potential created by the "  Haloverse . " I consider myself a "  Trekkie " of "  Halo , " loud and proud . E-mail to a friend	"  Halo 3 " achieved a milestone million pre-orders 2 months before its release The game , an Xbox 360 exclusive , went on sale Tuesday at midnight CNN.com asked readers to share their early reviews of "  Halo 3 " I-Report : Share your own pictures , video and reviews of "  Halo 3 "
CNN  -- Country star Ty Herndon has something to share : He 's an "  out , proud and happy gay man . " Herndon , 52 , came out publicly as gay in an interview with People magazine . He says he 's known he was gay since he was a child and started coming out to family members in his 20s . But the "  What Mattered Most " singer , who had a number of hits in the 1990s , kept the news close to the vest . It was n't until he attended a Tony Robbins seminar in 2009 that he decided to become more public , he told the magazine . "  I realized I had an incredible story that could possibly help someone 's son or daughter or grandchild 's life not be as difficult as mine has been , " he said . "  Maybe they would n't have to go through as much pain and suffering . It 's time to tell my truth . " The country music world has n't always been the friendliest to LGBTQ people , but Herndon sees signs that 's changing . Singer Chely Wright came out in 2010 and the open-minded Kacey Musgraves has a song titled "  Follow Your Arrow " that was just named CMA song of the year . "  I felt so proud of my city , " he said . "  I hope that trend continues ; I pray it does . " Herndon has been in a relationship with his partner for six years . He does n't expect his life to change radically now that he 's made his announcement . "  Being gay  is just an addendum , " he says . "  I 'm a gay man , and I 'm looking forward to living the rest of my life authentically and happy . "	Ty Herndon , country hitmaker , comes out as gay Singer made announcement to People magazine Herndon was inspired to "  tell my truth " to future generations
CNN  -- Fate , police say , saved baby Grace from being tossed out with the trash . Baby Grace was born aboard a Pacific Blue flight to New Zealand from Samoa . Were it not for a cleaning lady who chanced upon the newborn waving a feeble arm from a blue trash bag in an airplane bathroom , Grace would have met the fate her mother apparently intended for her , authorities said . On Wednesday , police in New Zealand charged the 29-year-old woman with abandonment and assault -- for giving birth to the child on an international flight and then leaving her , without alerting anyone , in a toilet bin amid bloodied paper towels . The woman , whose name was not released , faces up to seven years in prison if convicted . The case has made headlines in the island country in the southwestern Pacific Ocean . The woman is a kiwi fruit picker who was returning from Samoa when she walked off a Pacific Blue flight in Auckland on Thursday , reported the New Zealand Press Association , a cooperative of the country 's newspapers . Watch more on incident About 20 minutes later , a cleaning lady discovered the baby in a restroom inside the Boeing 737 . Her fellow custodians wrapped the baby in a blanket and handed her to authorities . About the same time , police spotted the mother in the airport , "  looking pale and bloodstained " after she said she had mislaid her passport , said TV New Zealand , a CNN affiliate . Su'a William Sio , a Kiwi lawmaker of Samoan descent , said cultural stigma and the shame of bearing a child out of wedlock were two reasons why a mother might abandon her child . "  This is mostly derived firstly by fear , " he told the New Zealand Herald newspaper . "  Fear that they 've done something wrong and fear of shame of the ` unmarried ' mother bringing to the family . " Grace did not suffer significant injuries or long-term damage , police told reporters . She is in the care of government officials who are looking at long-term arrangements that would be best for her .	Woman , 29 , gave birth to the baby girl on a flight from Samoa She left her in a toilet bin amid bloodied paper towels , without alerting anyone Police charged the woman with abandonment and assault Baby Grace did not suffer significant injuries or long-term damage , police said
An American sentenced in North Korea ripped up his visa so he could go to prison and expose human rights violations there , state media said Saturday . Matthew Todd Miller was convicted of committing "  acts hostile " to North Korea and sentenced to six years of hard labor last week . Saturday 's report in the state-run Korean Central News Agency boldly heaped blame on Miller , claiming his acts were a preconceived plan to gain notoriety . The 24-year-old from Bakersfield , California , arrived in North Korea as a tourist in April . After his arrival , he tore his visa at Pyongyang 's airport and shouted his desire to seek asylum , according to KCNA . ` Rudely behaved ' State media described him as "  rudely behaved , " saying he was sent to infiltrate prison as part of a United States campaign against North Korea . "  He perpetrated the above-said acts in the hope of becoming a world famous guy and the second Snowden through intentional hooliganism , " state media said . Edward Snowden got asylum from Russia , where he fled last year after leaking classified U.S. government documents . Once sentenced , Miller hoped to meet Kenneth Bae , another American detained in North Korea . He planned to secure Bae 's release so both can serve as "  witnesses " to the human rights violations in the nation , state media said . "  The crime committed by Miller Matthew Todd was prompted by his sinister political aim to deliberately slander the DPRK , " it said . DPRK refers to North Korea 's official name , the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea . Its government is a communist dictatorship renowned for human rights abuses . Washington demands release The U.S. State Department has demanded that North Korea release Miller and Bae , and American Jeffrey Fowle . Fowle , 56 , was arrested in June while traveling as a tourist . Bae , who was detained in 2012 , has been accused of planning to bring down the government through religious activities . He was moved from a hospital to a labor camp . Miller talks to CNN Earlier this month , Miller told CNN 's Will Ripley that he "  prepared to violate the law of DPRK before coming here . And I deliberately committed my crime . " But Miller did n't elaborate on what his "  crime " was . He said he would n't learn of his charges until he went to trial . It 's unclear whether his statements were made freely or under coercion . First stop was South Korea Miller 's family lives in Bakersfield , and he is a 2008 graduate of Bakersfield High School , according to CNN affiliate KBAK . In a July interview , a neighbor told The Associated Press that Miller went to South Korea about four years ago to visit his brother and started teaching English . He traveled to North Korea this year after arranging a private tour through the U.S.-based company Uri Tours , which takes tourists into North Korea . Uri Tours has said it does n't have "  any understanding of why " Miller ripped up his visa . The company offers tours despite U.S. State Department warnings about arbitrary arrest and detention in North Korea .	State media : Matthew Todd Miller wanted to become "  a world famous guy " After his arrival , he tore his visa , it says He also shouted his desire to seek asylum , according to state-run KCNA
CNN  -- When Aimee Copeland , a 24-year-old Georgia woman who lost parts of four limbs to a flesh-eating bacteria , returns home from rehab next month , she 'll find it much different and much bigger than when she left in May . A nearly 2,000-square-foot addition will nearly double the size of the Copeland family home in Snellville , Georgia , east of Atlanta , and be equipped for her special needs . The renovation plans include access ramps , an elevator to the home 's second floor , an exercise room Aimee will use to continue her recovery , guide rails in the bathroom and a separate wash sink Aimee can use to clean her prosthetics . The family calls it "  Aimee 's Wing . " "  What blows me away is that the construction should be complete in roughly 40 days , hopefully in time for Aimee 's ` graduation ' from rehab , " dad Andy Copeland said in his blog Tuesday . Pulte Homes , a Michigan-based company that builds homes in 27 states , is donating the construction addition . Aimee Copeland was released from the hospital to a rehab facility on July 2 after nearly two months of treatment and surgeries . Copeland 's ordeal began May 1 when she was riding a makeshift zip line across the Little Tallapoosa River , about 50 miles west of Atlanta . The line snapped , and she fell and received a gash in her left calf that took 22 staples to close . Three days later , still in pain , she went to an emergency room . Doctors eventually determined she had necrotizing fasciitis caused by the bacteria Aeromonas hydrophila . Since then , her father has blogged about her situation regularly . A Facebook page devoted to her fight has nearly 80,000 "  likes . " A number of bacteria that are common in the environment but rarely cause serious infections can lead to necrotizing fasciitis , or flesh-eating bacteria syndrome . When the bacteria get into the bloodstream , such as through a cut , doctors typically move aggressively to excise even healthy tissue near the infection site in hopes of ensuring none of the dangerous bacteria remain . Advocate : Story of rare bacterial infection raising awareness The infection attacks and destroys healthy tissue and is fatal about 20 % of the time , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at the Vanderbilt University Medical Center , estimates that fewer than 250 such cases occur each year in the United States , though estimates are imprecise since doctors do not have to report the cases to health authorities . Andy Copeland says his daughter is "  knocking it out in rehab , " committed to her exercise regime like an Olympic athlete . "  Her face was red and the vein in her neck was bulging as she pressed herself into her repetitions with serious determination , " Copeland said of Aimee 's Tuesday workout . "  It 's like she was training for the Olympics . " On Wednesday , she will be fitted with test sockets for her prosthetics , her dad said . If all goes well , in a few weeks , she will begin to be fitted with prosthetic limbs . But her progress appears to come with a tinge of sadness . "  As I sit here and type I realize just how fortunate I am , we are , to have hands , " Andy Copeland said . "  Take a moment tonight , tomorrow , every doggone day , to thank God for what you have . Taking time to realize your blessings makes life all the more worth living . " CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Aimee Copeland 's rehab is expected to last into August The family is adding a 1,970 square foot addition She has had multiple amputations and skin grafts Copeland was discharged from an Augusta , Georgia , hospital this month
CNN  -- After millions of firecrackers lit and millions of gallons of baijiu  rice wine  gulped , revelers around China conclude the country 's 15-day Lunar New Year celebrations with the colorful Lantern Festival , or Yuanxiao Festival . On the 15th day of the first month of the new lunar year , Chinese celebrate the year 's first full moon by eating hearty tangyuan  rice dumplings with sweet or meat fillings  with family and solving riddles written on cards hanging from lanterns . The word "  tangyuan " sounds similar to the Chinese word for "  reunion " in both Mandarin and Cantonese , and signifies bonds between family members . But there 's a problem with this year 's festival . This year the Lantern Festival falls on February 14 -- Valentine 's Day -- leading to widespread debate among Chinese netizens : Should you share tangyuan with family or chocolate with a lover ? According to ChinaNews.com , a recent survey indicates that 43.7 % of respondents are choosing to celebrate Valentine 's Day with a mate , while only 25.3 % plan to spend Lantern Festival with their parents . Although Lantern Festival is an important family festival , it 's also known as one of China 's two Valentine 's Days  the other is on the seventh day on the seventh month of the lunar year  . In ancient times , unmarried girls were allowed to leave home only during Lantern Festival 's celebration . Hence , the day has traditionally been a popular one for loverbirds to meet . Owing to the rare "  dual holiday , " in Hong Kong this year , twice as many couples are getting married on Valentine 's Day as they did last year . A total of 493 pairs of couples got married on Valentine 's Day this year -- only 187 pairs got hitched on February 14 , 2013 . The Lantern Festival is celebrated outside of China , in countries including Malaysia and Vietnam .	China 's Lantern Festival takes place on the last day of Lunar New Year celebrations This year 's festival falls on Valentine 's Day Chinese celebrate the first full moon by eating rice dumplings with meat fillings
The checkered career of scandal-hit former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn is set to take another turn , with the news Friday that he is to become an economic adviser to the Serbian government . The appointment will be announced next week , an official in the Serbian Deputy Prime Minister 's Office told CNN . She was not named in line with government policy . "  The exact details still have to be worked out , but we will have more information on Tuesday , " the official said . "  Mr. Strauss-Kahn will come to Serbia from time to time , but I do n't think he will live here . " Asked why the government had chosen Strauss-Kahn , she said , "  Because he is an expert in the field of economics . " The government declined to give out any more details ahead of Tuesday 's announcement . Strauss-Kahn , once considered a likely candidate for the French presidency , resigned as head of the International Monetary Fund in 2011 after being charged with sexually assaulting a New York City maid . All sexual assault charges against him related to the maid were later dismissed at the request of a prosecutor . Strauss-Kahn : A reputation battered by sex allegations More than a year later , in December 2012 , Strauss-Kahn reached a settlement with the maid , the terms of which were not released . He told CNN 's Richard Quest in an interview in July that he had opted to "  pay and go on with my life , " rather than spend more in legal fees fighting the civil case . The 64-year-old told CNN he sometimes gives advice for free to less economically developed countries and had recently been working with the government of South Sudan . In France , Strauss-Kahn is among a number of people charged with aggravated pimping in an investigation into sex parties at the Hotel Carlton , in the northern city of Lille . CNN affiliate BFM-TV said a trial was likely to be held next year . Strauss-Kahn did not deny attending the parties , his lawyers said , but he said he did not know that the young women at the parties were being paid for sex .	Deputy Prime Minister 's Office official : He 'll work with government on economic affairs The appointment will be announced Tuesday , the Serbian official says He resigned as IMF chief in 2011 after being charged with sexual assault in New York The charges in New York were eventually dropped , and Strauss-Kahn settled a civil case
CNN  -- Calling himself "  deeply flawed , " now-disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong says he used an array of performance enhancing drugs to win seven Tour de France titles then followed that by years of often-angry denials . "  This is too late , it 's too late for probably most people . And that 's my fault , " he said in an interview with Oprah Winfrey that aired Thursday night . "  This was  one big lie , that I repeated a lot of times . " Armstrong admitted using testosterone and human growth hormone , as well as EPO -- a hormone naturally produced by human kidneys to stimulate red blood cell production . It increases the amount of oxygen that can be delivered to muscles , improving recovery and endurance . In addition to using drugs , the 2002 Sports Illustrated Sportsman of the Year admitted to Winfrey that he took blood transfusions to excel in the highly competitive , scandal-ridden world of professional cycling . Doping was as much a part of the sport as pumping up tires or having water in a bottle , Armstrong said , calling it "  the scariest " that he did n't consider it cheating at the time . 12 telling quotes over the years from Armstrong The same man who insisted throughout and after his career that he 'd passed each of the "  hundreds and hundreds of tests I took " contended in the interview that he would n't have won without doing what he did . While Armstrong did n't invent the culture of doping in cycling , he said , he admitted not acting to prevent it either . "  I made my decisions , " Armstrong said . "  They are my mistakes . " Armstrong : I was "  a bully " The first installment in his interview , which was conducted earlier this week with the talk-show host , aired Thursday on the OWN cable network and on the Internet . The second installment will be broadcast Friday night . Armstrong admitted he was "  a bully ... in the sense that I tried to control the narrative , " sometimes by spewing venom at ex-teammates he thought were "  disloyal , " as well as suing people and publications that accused him of cheating . He described himself as "  a fighter " whose story of a happy marriage , recovery from cancer and international sporting success "  was so perfect for so long . " "  I lost myself in all of that , " he said , describing himself as both a "  humanitarian " and a "  jerk " who 'd been "  arrogant " for years . "  I was used to controlling everything in my life . " iReport : Tell us your take on the first part of the interview The scandal has tarred the cancer charity Livestrong that he founded , as well as tarnished his once-glowing reputation as a sports hero . Those who spoke out against Armstrong at the height of his power and popularity not only felt his wrath but the wrath of an adoring public . Now , with Armstrong stripped of endorsement deals and his titles , those who did speak out are feeling vindicated . They include Betsy Andreu , wife of fellow cyclist Frankie Andreu , who said she overheard Armstrong acknowledge to a doctor treating him for cancer in 1996 that he had used performance-enhancing drugs . She later testified about the incident and began cooperating with a reporter working on a book about doping allegations against Armstrong . Armstrong subsequently ripped her , among others . More recently , he said he 'd reached out to her to apologize -- in what Andreu called "  a very emotional phone call . " "  This was a guy who used to be my friend , who decimated me , " Andreu told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Thursday night . "  He could have come clean . He owed it to me . He owes it to the sport that he destroyed . " In his interview with Winfrey , Armstrong said he understands why many might be upset that it took him so long to speak out , especially after going on the offensive for so long . He said he 's reached out in recent days to several people , such as Andreu , who publicly accused him of doping and then were attacked -- and in some cases sued -- by him . Bleacher Report : Twitter erupts Thursday night And the former athletic icon also conceded he 'd let down many fans "  who believed in me and supported me " by being adamant , sometimes hurtful and consistently wrong in his doping denials . "  They have every right to feel betrayed , and it 's my fault , " he said . "  I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize to people . " Years of success and defiance , then a rapid fall The Texas-born Armstrong grew up to become an established athlete , including winning several Tour de France stages . But his sporting career ground to a halt in 1996 when he was diagnosed with cancer . He was 25 . He returned to the cycling world , however . His breakthrough came in 1999 , and he did n't stop as he reeled off seven straight wins in his sport 's most prestigious race . Allegations of doping began during this time , as did Armstrong 's defiance , including investigations and a lawsuit against the author of a book accusing him of taking performance enhancing drugs . He left the sport after his last win , in 2005 , only to return to the tour in 2009 . Armstrong insisted he was clean when he finished third that year , but that comeback led to his downfall . "  We would n't be sitting here if I did n't come back , " he told Winfrey . In 2011 , Armstrong retired once more from cycling . But his fight to maintain his clean reputation was n't over , including a criminal investigation launched by federal prosecutors . That case was dropped in February . But in April , the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency notified Armstrong of an investigation into new doping charges . In response , the cyclist accused the organization of trying to "  dredge up discredited " doping allegations and , a few months later , filed a lawsuit in federal court trying to halt the case . In retrospect , Armstrong told Winfrey he "  would do anything to go back to that day . " "  Because I would n't fight , I would n't sue them , I 'd listen , " he said , offering to speak out about doping in the future . The USADA found "  overwhelming " evidence that Armstrong was involved in "  the most sophisticated , professionalized and successful doping program . " In August , Armstrong said he would n't fight the charges , though he did n't admit guilt either . And the hits kept on coming . In October , the International Cycling Union stripped him of all his Tour de France titles . Even then , he remained publicly defiant , tweeting a photo of himself a few weeks later lying on a sofa in his lounge beneath the seven framed yellow jerseys from those victories . Then the International Olympic Committee stripped him of the bronze medal he won in the men 's individual time trial at the 2000 Olympic Games and asked him to return the award , an IOC spokesman said Thursday . The USOC was notified Wednesday that the IOC wants the medal back , USOC spokesman Patrick Sandusky said . "  We will shortly be asking Mr. Armstrong to return his medal to us , so that we can return it to the IOC . " Livestrong : Tell the truth about doping CNN 's Carol Cratty , Joseph Netto and George Howell contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This was a guy who used to be my friend , he decimated me , " accuser says NEW : Armstrong regrets fighting the USADA , when the agency claimed he had doped After years of denials , he admits using performance-enhancing drugs and blood doping "  I will spend the rest of my life ... trying to earn back trust and apologize , " Armstrong says
CNN  -- "  I forgot to vote " wo n't be a valid excuse for most Americans surfing the Web on Tuesday . That 's because internet and social networking companies have created various tools to remind and guide U.S. citizens to voting booths . Google has created Election Center , which most notably has a map that pinpoints the polling place nearest to any address . The search giant has added to its meticulously uncluttered Google.com homepage a note about Tuesday 's election and a link to the map . Facebook also employs Google 's polling-place widget on its website . The social networking site is where Americans spend most of their time online , according to research firm comScore . U.S. adults who use Facebook will see an alert on their main pages reminding them to vote , a Facebook spokesman said . "  Facebook is committed to encouraging people who use our service to participate in the democratic process , " the statement read . The Palo Alto , California , company also worked with politicians in Washington to provide best practices for campaigning using Facebook 's network . Several of those documents are available publicly . For the 2008 election , Facebook 's site was dominated by a virtual rally organized through an application called Causes .  The company behind the app was co-founded by Sean Parker , a Facebook co-founder who was portrayed in the "  Social Network " film by Justin Timberlake . Causes asked Facebook users to "  donate their status " to promote a candidate or to remind friends to vote . In less than five days , 1.7 million people sent 4.9 million political messages using the app . For this election , Facebook , with help from a couple of organizations , has built a Politics page , which is visible to web surfers whether or not they have a Facebook account . The alert on people 's News Feeds will link to this page , where the Google widget resides , along with other voter resources . Facebook users will be able to click an "  I Voted " button to trumpet their civic engagement , the spokesman said . Similarly , users of the location-based social network Foursquare will be able to earn an "  I Voted " badge . Including the text " #ivoted " in a status update when checking in to a polling location on Foursquare on Tuesday will unlock the virtual trophy -- a sort of coolness currency on the site . Foursquare plans to track mobile check-ins and arrange them on a page called I Voted . The New York company says , with this project , it has developed "  a replicatable system for the 2012 presidential election . " Twitter is also encouraging its users to join in on the " #ivoted " campaign by including that string in their tweets -- a practice called "  hashtags . " When enough people include the same tag or phrase in their messages , it can become more visible on the Trending Topics list . The Washington Post bought an ad slot on that list associated with the election , Twitter spokeswoman Jodi Olson told CNN in an e-mail . In a company blog post Twitter highlighted a dozen or so organizations and news outlets , including CNN , which will be analyzing and disseminating messages on the service . "  But remember , " Olson wrote , "  none of this matters if you do n't vote . "	Google created a widget to help people find a polling place near their houses Facebook is using that widget and will remind U.S. adults to vote Tuesday with an alert Foursquare has created an "  I Voted " badge to reward those who engage in civic duties
CNN  -- A hiker found the body of a skydiving instructor missing for nearly four months , police in Moab , Utah , said Wednesday . The state medical examiner 's office positively identified the remains found Sunday near the west Kane Creek area as those of David Brown , 37 , according to a police statement . "  It 's an extremely rough area , " Moab Police Chief Mike Navarre told CNN Salt Lake City affiliate KSL . "  It 's hard to climb around in there , to walk around in there , even from the air to see something from there ; it 's not surprising to me that we did n't find him on those first searches . " Police are awaiting further autopsy results . "  Throughout the investigation , we have found no signs of foul play , " Navarre said . An acquaintance who helped in the search told CNN in July that Brown left behind cash , a passport and his driver 's license . Brown disappeared June 29 in the vicinity of Skydive Moab , northwest of the town , said owner Clint MacBeth . MacBeth found Brown 's personal items , including an unspent paycheck . Brown 's family in Halifax , Nova Scotia , filed a missing person report after he disappeared . According to MacBeth , friends initially assumed Brown had gone to Las Vegas to visit his girlfriend . But they later realized he wore only shorts , a T-shirt and sneakers , making him unequipped to deal with 100-degree-plus temperatures , MacBeth said . Moab is known for its red-rock landscapes and proximity to Arches National Park and Canyonlands National Park .	David Brown was last seen in late June near Moab , Utah The skydiving instructor left behind cash , passport and driver 's license Police said they do not suspect foul play
Connecticut  CNN  -- Throughout my travels with UNICEF -- from Angola , to Central African Republic , Chad , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Haiti , Sudan and Uganda -- I have met countless young girls and boys whose bodies and minds have been permanently damaged because they were malnourished during the first 1,000 days of their lives . Around 170 million children under the age of five are stunted -- their bodies and brains can not develop to full capacity . A stunted child has difficulty in learning and in surviving . Such children are up to four times more likely to die from all causes -- including easily preventable diseases . Read more : Child stunting a ` silent emergency , ' says Beckham For too long , stunting has been a silent crisis -- a personal tragedy for each family . But the suffering of some 170 million children constitutes a global catastrophe that calls for an urgent response . Traveling for UNICEF for over more than a decade , my focus has been on countries -- particularly in Africa -- that are being impacted by conflict including the Darfur region , South Sudan , Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of Congo -- areas convulsed by violence . I have met countless families who have nothing to eat because they are on the run often hiding deep in the bush . Read more : Indian state 's battle to build up its babies But it is not only conflict that is leaving children so vulnerable . Last February , I paid a second visit to the sand swept town of Mao in the west of Chad along the belt of the Sahel . Drought , failed crops and skyrocketing food prices have left people with little to nothing to eat . Mothers carry emaciated children long distances across the sand to reach UNICEF-supported health centers for life-saving fortified foods . Often it is too late . At this moment one million children throughout the Sahel region of Africa are at risk of dying . They are in urgent need of our support . Wherever there is poverty , it is the children who pay the highest price . But here is a story of hope . When I visited Haiti before the earthquake , the stunting rates had been stubbornly high -- about 31 % . Then , on January 12 , 2010 , the earthquake struck causing hundreds of thousands of deaths and injuries . The devastation affected three million people , two thirds of them children . But the Haitian government and the international community joined forces and in just two years something extraordinary resulted . That stubborn stunting rate dropped to 23 % . There is more work to do , but we can see that even in challenging circumstances it is possible to work together to ensure that the world 's most vulnerable children , pregnant women and mothers have access to food and drinkable water . Wherever I go , I am always struck by the children . In the face of their courage , resilience and hope , I do n't see how we can allow ourselves the luxury of feeling overwhelmed or helpless . We have the tools , we know what must be done . In the name of some 170 million children let 's pull together and end the obscenity of hunger and stunting .	170 million children worldwide suffer stunting due to malnutrition Condition permanently damages young children , impedes ability to learn , grow International help is urgently needed to reduce levels of poverty Stunting rates dropped in Haiti due to aid from the 2010 earthquake
CNN  -- A man apparently angry over a poor performance evaluation entered an Ohio State University maintenance building early Tuesday and opened fire , killing a manager before turning the gun on himself , police said . Larry Wallington , 48 , a building services manager at the OSU Maintenance Building , was pronounced dead at the scene of the 3:30 a.m. ET shooting , Ohio State University Police Chief Paul Denton said . Wallington was a 10-year university employee , he said . Authorities found suspect Nathaniel Brown , 51 , a custodial worker , suffering from a self-inflicted gunshot at the scene , Denton said . He was transported to the Ohio State University Medical Center , where he was dead on arrival . Police believe Brown -- a probational employee since October who had received a poor performance review -- entered the building dressed in dark clothing carrying two handguns and began firing into an office suite , Denton said . Officials would not say when Brown received the review , who gave it to him or provide further details , citing the ongoing investigation . A third person , Henry Butler , 60 , an operations shift leader , also was shot . He was in stable condition at the OSU Medical Center , Denton said . Police earlier Tuesday had said that two people were wounded and one killed and that the alleged shooter was in custody . About a half-dozen employees were at the building when the shooting occurred , and some witnessed it , authorities said . Ohio State 's Web site said the building where the shooting occurred was secured , and some traffic restrictions remained in place Tuesday morning . "  The university continues normal operations , " the school said . "  Classes will be held and normal work schedules are in effect . " E-mail alerts were sent to students warning them about the shooting , the university said . The shooting comes after the university issued e-mail alerts last week about two alleged sexual assaults and an attempted assault on campus , Ohio State 's student newspaper reported . The student newspaper , The Lantern , published an article Sunday saying that students were questioning the effectiveness of such e-mail alerts after three serious crimes last week . Students are allowed to choose if they want to receive the e-mail alerts . On the campus of 50,000-plus students , a little more than 2,600 people receive the e-mails , police told the student paper . A university committee was scheduled to meet this week to determine if changes needed to be made to the notification system , The Lantern reported . CNN 's Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities find suspect Nathaniel Brown , 51 , suffering from self-inflicted gunshot NEW : Police : Worker apparently angry at poor job review also kills manager , wounds another "  Classes will be held and normal work schedules are in effect , " university Web site says
CNN  -- The Web fallout continued Friday over news that a hidden app could be tracking smartphone users ' activity . Many bloggers and smartphone customers fretted about the privacy issues raised by Carrier IQ , an information-mining app secretly installed on many phones . But at the same time , other tech observers were beginning to say that some of those concerns may have been over the top . First , a recap : On Monday , researcher and developer Trevor Eckhart posted a 17-minute YouTube video apparently showing how the software -- designed as a diagnostic tool to find and help fix mobile network problems -- runs on his smartphone and logs every keystroke , every text and the full URL of every website he visits . News of the app 's existence on millions of phones had bounced around on tech blogs for a while . But attention skyrocketed this week when Eckhart posted his video . By Thursday , it had turned into a rapidly developing story in which new information seemed to surface hourly . Mobile carriers and smartphone makers rushed to dispute claims made by Eckhart and others who said they confirmed his findings , explain their use of the app or announce that they once used it but plan to get rid of it . And Friday morning , the controversy made its way into the courts . A lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California against Carrier IQ , and phone makers Samsung and HTC , claiming that the app violates customer privacy . "  Given our dependence on smartphones , we rely on the assumption that our personal information is protected from third parties , " attorney Steve W. Berman said in a written statement . "  Yet , it appears that Carrier IQ has violated this trust . " Berman 's firm is representing several customers and is seeking to turn the complaint into a class-action lawsuit . The potential ramifications obviously had other privacy-minded folks concerned as well . "  A couple of things seem pretty clear , " Jay Stanley , a senior privacy and technology analyst with the American Civil Liberties Union , said Friday . "  We do n't know what the company was storing or accessing or what their clients were storing or accessing , but they seem to at least have the capability to store and access a lot of very personal information . " Many mobile customers seemed to focus their concerns on the fact that the software runs without their knowledge and appears difficult , if not impossible , to uninstall . For example , on Sprint 's community forums , several topics had been created to discuss the issue . And customers were n't happy . "  There 's no excuse to knowingly and willingly want to have that kind of invasive software , that potentially puts customers sensitive information at risk , on the phone , " one customer wrote . "  This software may violate multiple privacy laws , and that alone ought to void our contracts . " Sprint said it uses the app to root out network problems but ca n't see user activity . Other wireless carriers and smartphone manufacturers also responded . Verizon said it does n't use the app , and Apple said it has stopped supporting it and plans to eliminate it altogether . By Thursday morning , some on the Web were trying to put the brakes on the fears , though . "  Okay , folks , before we complete this public lynching , is there any evidence that Carrier IQ actually transmitted inappropriate data ? " tweeted Declan McCullagh , a correspondent for tech site CNET . In a message posted to Pastebin , Dan Rosenberg , an analyst with Virtual Security Research , wrote that some of the fears about Carrier IQ have been overblown . "  After reverse engineering CarrierIQ myself , I have seen no evidence that they are collecting anything more than what they 've publicly claimed : anonymized metrics data , " he wrote . "  There 's a big difference between ` look , it does something when I press a key ' and ` it 's sending all my keystrokes to the carrier ! ' . ' " "  In my opinion , the media has made it more malicious than it really is and I am not concerned about my phone usage at all , " wrote Matthew Miller , a columnist with tech site ZDNet . "  It sounds to me like the software is designed to BENEFIT consumers and is not being used to track and target you . " But the ACLU 's Stanley remains concerned . He cited promotional material on Carrier IQ 's own website that notes its ability to track users ' activities . "  If you look at their website , we do n't know what their clients were buying , but we do know what they were selling , " he said . "  What they 're saying to the media does n't seem to comport to what they tout on their own website . " Carrier IQ says the core purpose of its tool is to uncover broad trends across a network . Its software can help carriers find out where calls are dropping and why , and zero in on device glitches . For at least some of those who remain concerned  and there are no doubt many  , there may be some hope of at least finding out if the app is running on their phones . A new app in the Android Market , Voodoo Carrier IQ detector , is designed to help you simply find the kit on your phone if it exists . It 's only a day old and not perfect , developers say , but will continue to be tweaked .	Fallout continues over smartphone info-tracking app Many smartphone users express concern over Carrier IQ Researchers say the app can track keystrokes , Web surfing and other user behavior Some analysts say concerns about the app are overblown
CNN  -- A passerby pushed a would-be suicide jumper off a bridge in southern China because he was angry at the jumper 's "  selfish activity , " Chinese media reported Saturday . It happened Thursday in the city of Guangzhou as Chen Fuchao threatened to jump off Haizhu Bridge , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . The bridge has gained a "  macabre " reputation with 11 jumpers having thrown themselves off the bridge since the start of April , Xinhua said . Traffic was held up for nearly five hours and a crowd gathered as Chen sat on the bridge , threatening to jump , Xinhua reported . Chen wanted to kill himself because he had 2 million yuan  $ 294,000  in debt after a failed construction project , Xinhua reported . Lian Jiansheng , 66 , who was passing by the bridge , offered to talk Chen down , Xinhua said . Police refused , but Lian broke through the police cordon and climbed to where Chen was sitting . Lian greeted Chen with a handshake , then pushed him off the bridge , Xinhua said . Chen fell 26 feet  8 meters  onto a partially-inflated emergency air cushion , damaging his spine and elbow in the fall , Xinhua said . He is now recovering in a hospital . A photographer documented the sequence of events . The photographs show Lian , dressed in a T-shirt , shorts and socks , saluting to the crowd after pushing Chen off . "  I pushed him off because jumpers like Chen are very selfish . Their action violates a lot of public interest , " Lian told Xinhua . "  They do not really dare to kill themselves . Instead , they just want to raise the relevant government authorities ' attention to their appeals . " Police took Lian away after the incident , Xinhua said . It did not say whether he would face any charges .	Happened in Guangzhou as Chen Fuchao threatened to jump off Haizhu Bridge Bridge has "  macabre " reputation with 11 jumpers since April Chen wanted to kill himself because he had a $ 294,000 debt A man , 66 , greeted Chen with a handshake then pushed him off the bridge
Blame it on the baby bump and our pop cultural infatuation with celebrity , but today , regular women have yet another reason to feel inadequate : motherhood . In the past decade , for the celebrity set , babies have become as fashionable as Birkin bags . The media has fueled the fertility frenzy by outing every pregnant , or potentially pregnant , Hollywood starlet . But then there 's more -- with every aspect of a celeb mom 's glamorized pregnancy reported , from excessive weight gain to dramatic post-partum weight loss , regular women are fed a distorted depiction of pregnancy . But perhaps nothing does a tragic disservice to women more than the media 's coverage of those over-35 celebrities who seem to easily get pregnant whenever they choose , writes Tanya Selvaratnam in her new book , "  The Big Lie : Motherhood , Feminism and the Reality of the Biological Clock . " We 've all seen the US Weekly and People magazine images . There 's Halle Berry having a baby at 47 years old , and Kelly Preston doing the same . Uma Thurman had her third child at 42 . Julianne Moore , Tina Fey and Salma Hayek each had daughters at 41 years old . Jane Seymour had twins at 45 and Mariah Carey birthed hers at 42 . Not only do these women look ageless , they defy biology . "  One of the reasons I wrote the book was because I was frustrated by the conflicting messages and information out there , " Selvaratnam said . "  We see celebrities having kids seemingly without any problems and we have no idea what they went through . We see the end result , but not the struggle . " Ironically , motherhood has never been so chic at a time when so many women are struggling to get pregnant . The number of women between age 40 and 44 who remain childless has doubled in a generation ; in 1976 it was one out of 10 , by 2006 it was one in five , according to the U.S. Census . In Selvaratnam 's deeply personal and provocative book , she shares her own journey of three miscarriages , multiple IVF treatments , cancer and the ultimate toll it took on her marriage . She explores the impact of delayed motherhood and the bad information that women receive , not only from aspirational celebrity images , but also from their own doctors . Selvaratnam writes that after her first miscarriage at 37 years old , her OB-GYN told her that she still "  had time " to get pregnant . So instead of rushing to a fertility center , she waited , and that was a serious mistake . The "  Big Lie , " she writes is that women can do what they want on their own timetables . They can delay motherhood until they are emotionally and financially ready , secure in their careers and have found that perfect partner and if they have trouble getting pregnant , modern medicine will miraculously give them a child . Forty may be the new 30 , but our ovaries have not gotten the same makeover . Even with all the advances in reproductive technology , our eggs have a finite shelf life and the odds of having a child over 40 years old are shockingly slim . According to the Southern California Center for Reproductive Medicine , a woman in her 20s has a 20-25 % chance of conceiving naturally per menstrual cycle . In her early 30s , the chance of pregnancy is 15 % per cycle . After 35 , the odds of pregnancy without medical intervention are at 10 % . After 40 , that number falls to 5 % , and women over 45 have a 1 % chance of conception . The number of childless women in the United States today is growing . According to a Pew study conducted in 2008 , about 18 % of women in the United States do n't have children by the end of their childbearing years . In 2008 , there were 1.9 million childless women between 40 and 44 , compared with 580,000 in 1976 . From the Pew report : "  Among older women , ages 40-44 , there are equal numbers of women who are childless by choice and those who would like children but can not have them , according to an analysis of data from the National Survey of Family Growth . " Perhaps one of the greatest myths today is the ability of science to step in and make babies for women at virtually any age . Selvaratnam says that we see the success stories , but rarely hear about the huge numbers of failed attempts . A 2009 report on Assisted Reproductive Technologies , or ARTs , by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found that the single most important factor affecting the chances of a successful pregnancy through ARTs is a woman 's age . Selvaratnam reports that at age 40 , the chance is 18.7 % ; at 42 , it 's 10 % ; at 44 , it 's only 2.9 % . "  We are the guinea pig generation for testing the limits of our fertility , or our chances of having a child . The shock and the lack of preparation when you 're not prepared and the pressure women feel in general about our reproductive selves adds to the shame women feel when they ca n't get pregnant , " Selvaratnam said . She also argues that feminism may have misled Gen X women by avoiding the topic of motherhood and biology . The trend of delaying motherhood was meant to empower women , but ironically it may have boomeranged , leaving scores of women infertile and desperate to have a baby . Selvaratnam believes that we need to reset the conversation and reconcile motherhood with also being an educated , independent , successful woman . Like birth control , Selvaratnam suggests that information be promoted about fertility and the realities of delaying motherhood . She suggests that every young woman be shown a chart of her overall fertility so she understands when her eggs are best and when the number will start declining . She thinks that with the information , women can be more strategic about trying to get pregnant or at least not be blindsided if they have difficulties because they waited . The attrition rate of our eggs is startling . Selvaratnam reports that the number of eggs at a girl 's first menstrual cycle is 300,000 to 400,000 . By age 30 , we 're down to between 39,000 to 52,000 , which is about 13 % of the eggs we had at puberty . By age 40 , we have only 3 % of our initial cache of eggs -- about 9,000 to 12,000 eggs -- and many of these eggs will not be viable . Ironically , in our uber-sharing age , infertility still remains shrouded in silence . Selvaratnam wants to de-stigmatize miscarriage and infertility and get people connected and talking . "  When women have miscarriages or infertility we feel like failures . I want people to realize how common these issues are . When you see the statistics , it becomes clear you are not alone , " Selvaratnam said . "  You look at celebs and think ` What 's wrong with me ? ' when it seems to work out for all of these other people . But the truth is , for most people , it does n't work out . " Selvaratnam is also hoping that her book will be a policy changer . She 's advocating for better health insurance to cover infertility treatments as well as better public education for women . Changing the paradigm for women in the workplace , increasing work-life flexibility and creating more affordable child care , she believes , is also intricately linked with supporting women so they can become mothers . Taking some time off from your career , or easily coming back to your job is a fundamental issue for easing the path for women to have a baby in their late 20s or early 30s -- the optimal time for fertility , but often a terrible time to interrupt careers . "  We place so much pressure on women in regard to ... their reproductive selves and on their careers . So many women are suffering , " Selvaratnam said . "  We need to find ways to advocate , small and big . Instead of judging each other , we should be supporting each other . I want people to look at my story and see and see how they can prevent it from happening to them . "	Tanya Selvaratnam wrote the book "  The Big Lie " about the "  reality of the biological clock " Despite what celeb magazines suggest , it 's harder to get pregnant after age 35 , she says Selvaratnam : "  We are the guinea pig generation for testing the limits of our fertility "
CNN  -- President Obama said that police in Cambridge , Massachusetts , "  acted stupidly " in arresting a prominent black Harvard professor last week after a confrontation at the man 's home . Harvard University professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. talks Wednesday about his ordeal with Cambridge police . "  I do n't know , not having been there and not seeing all the facts , what role race played , " Obama said Wednesday night while taking questions after a White House news conference . Cambridge authorities dropped disorderly conduct charges against Henry Louis Gates Jr. on Tuesday . Obama defended Gates on Wednesday night , while admitting that he may be "  a little biased , " because Gates is a friend . "  But I think it 's fair to say , No. 1 , any of us would be pretty angry ; No. 2 , that the Cambridge police acted stupidly in arresting somebody when there was already proof that they were in their own home ; and , No. 3 ... that there 's a long history in this country of African-Americans and Latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately . " The incident , Obama said , shows "  how race remains a factor in this society . " Watch the president address the incident " The mayor of Cambridge said she is going to meet with the city 's police chief to make sure the scenario that caused Gates ' arrest does not happen again . "  This suggests that something happened that should not have happened , " Mayor E. Denise Simmons said on CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The situation is certainly unfortunate . This ca n't happen again in Cambridge . " Watch how the mayor plans to handle the situation " Gates said Simmons called him to apologize . He told CNN on Wednesday that although charges had been dropped , he will keep the issue alive . "  This is not about me ; this is about the vulnerability of black men in America , " Gates told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien . Have race relations improved since Obama 's election ? Gates said he 'd be prepared to forgive the arresting officer "  if he told the truth " about what the director of Harvard 's W.E.B. Du Bois Institute for African and African American Research said were "  fabrications " in the police report . The officer , Sgt. James Crowley , told CNN affiliate WCVB earlier Wednesday that he will not apologize . "  There are not many certainties in life , but it is for certain that Sgt. Crowley will not be apologizing , " he said . Gates said the mayor of Cambridge , Massachusetts , called him to apologize about the incident , in which he was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct . Watch Gates talk about his arrest " CNN could not confirm Wednesday night that an apology was made . Cambridge Mayor E. Denise Simmons did not respond to requests by CNN for comment . Crowley wrote in the Cambridge police report that Gates refused to step outside to speak with him , the police report said , and when Crowley told Gates that he was investigating a possible break-in , Gates opened the front door and exclaimed , "  Why , because I 'm a black man in America ? " the report said . Was the professor profiled ? " The report said Gates initially refused to show the officer identification , but eventually produced a Harvard identification card , prompting Crowley to radio for Harvard University Police . "  While I was led to believe that Gates was lawfully in the residence , I was quite surprised and confused with the behavior he exhibited toward me , " Crowley said , according to the report . Gates was arrested for "  loud and tumultuous behavior in a public space " and was released from police custody after spending four hours at the police station . He said Wednesday that he and his lawyers were considering further actions , not excluding a lawsuit . Gates said that although the ordeal had upset him , "  I would do the same thing exactly again . " Earlier this week , a prosecutor dropped the charge against Gates and the city 's police department recommended that the matter not be pursued .	NEW : Obama : Incident shows "  how race remains a factor in this society " NEW : Mayor says : "  This ca n't happen again in Cambridge . " Harvard 's Henry Louis Gates Jr. says he intends to keep the issue alive Arresting officer : "  It is for certain that -LSB- I -RSB- will not be apologizing "
Washington  CNN  -- The sweeping health care reform law championed by President Barack Obama was upheld as constitutional by another federal appeals court Tuesday . The decision is not part of a half-dozen other appeals pending at the Supreme Court . The justices could decide this week whether to take on one or more of those legal challenges to the law . Those suits were brought by more than a two dozen states and a coalition of private groups and individuals . Tuesday 's 2-1 decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia is a victory for the administration and its congressional supporters , but only adds to the divide among a range of federal courts over whether the law should be tossed out or severely trimmed in its scope . Three appeals court have upheld the law , while one has ruled it unconstitutional . The majority in this latest case concluded while the assertion of federal authority in the law is large , so too is the issue Congress and the president sought to tackle . "  The right to be free from federal regulation is not absolute , and yields to the imperative that Congress be free to forge national solutions to national problems , no matter how local -- or seemingly passive -- their individual origins , " wrote Judge Laurence Silberman . It is unclear whether the high court will include this latest ruling with the other pending health care cases already on its docket . The justices have scheduled a closed-door conference Thursday to consider whether to accept one or more appeals . If they do , oral arguments would likely be held in March , with a ruling by June . One of the other challenges involves a 26-state coalition opposing the law . A federal appeals court in Atlanta , considering that suit , had earlier found a key provision of the law to be unconstitutional . The key issue is whether the "  individual mandate " section -- requiring nearly all Americans to buy health insurance by 2014 or face financial penalties -- is an improper exercise of federal authority . The states also say that if that linchpin provision is unconstitutional , the entire law with its 450 or so sections must then be scrapped . Virginia and Oklahoma have filed separate challenges , along with other groups and individuals opposed to the law . The justices now have the discretion to either frame the case around the "  severability " question -- whether the individual mandate section can be separated from the rest of the law -- or expand it to include other legal questions raised in the appeals . Two other appeals have split on the individual mandate 's constitutionality , a "  circuit split " that all but assures the Supreme Court will decide the matter ultimately . The states say individuals can not be forced to buy insurance , a "  product " they may neither want nor need . The Justice Department has countered the states ' argument by saying that since every American will need medical care at some point in their lives , individuals do not "  choose " to participate in the health care market . Federal officials cite 2008 figures of $ 43 billion in uncompensated costs from the millions of uninsured people who receive health services , costs that are shifted to insurance companies and passed on to consumers . Health care reform , a top Democratic priority since the Truman administration , was passed by the previous Congress in a series of virtually party-line votes . Obama signed the act into law in March 2010 . The law is widely considered to be the signature legislative accomplishment of the president 's first two years in office . Among other things , the measure was designed to help millions of uninsured and underinsured Americans receive adequate and affordable health care through a series of government-imposed mandates and subsidies . The federal government stated in court briefs that 45 million Americans last year were without health insurance , roughly 15 % of the country 's population . Critics have equated the measure to socialized medicine , fearing that a bloated government bureaucracy would result in higher taxes and diminished health care services . Opponents derisively labeled the measure "  Obamacare . " Republican leaders , who captured the House of Representatives in the midterm elections , have vowed to overturn or severely trim the law . The case decided Tuesday is Seven-Sky v. Holder  11-5047  .	The ruling follows several others by appeals courts on the health reform legislations Congress must "  be free to forge national solutions to national problems , " the court says The Supreme Court could decide this week on which challenges to hear
Six people died after a train slammed into a vehicle early Saturday evening in southern Italy , the nation 's official news agency reported , citing investigative and other sources . Photos taken in Rossano showed the Fiat Multipla impaled against the front of the train -- mangled and largely unrecognizable -- as firefighters walked along the track . A rescuer described the scene as "  appalling , " according to the official ANSA news agency . The crash occurred around 5:15 p.m.  11:15 a.m. ET  near Rossano , which is about 300 kilometers  185 miles  southeast of Naples and 280 kilometers northeast of Reggio Calabria . The Fiat was struck and dragged 600 meters before it and the train finally came to a stop , ANSA reported . All those killed had been inside the vehicle , with ANSA citing reports that at least some of them were Romanian migrant workers who had been picking clementine oranges in the region . The area near the crash scene has been cordoned off , as the investigation continues to determine what happened .	The train hit a Fiat Multipla near Rossano , the official ANSA news agency reports Six people -- believed to be migrant workers -- in the Fiat were killed , the report adds The train dragged the vehicle about 600 meters before coming to a stop
CNN  -- A rat believed to be extinct for 11 million years , a spider with a foot-long legspan , and a hot pink cyanide-producing "  dragon millipede " are among the thousand newly discovered species in the largely unexplored Mekong Delta region . The "  dragon millipede " is among the 1,068 new species discovered in the Mekong Delta region . The region , including parts of Vietnam and five other countries , is home to 1,068 species found between 1997 and 2007 , according to a World Wildlife Fund report released this week . Some of the creatures were not lurking in fertile floodplains or tropical foliage . A scientist visiting an outdoor restaurant was startled to see a Laotian rock rat among the nearby wildlife . The hairy , nocturnal , thick-tailed rat , which resembles a squirrel , had been thought for centuries to be extinct . "  There is a certain amount of shock because our scientists will sometimes see something that does n't fit anything they know , " said Dekila Chungyalpa , Director of the Fund 's Mekong Program . "  They run through a catalogue of wildlife in their brain , asking themselves , ` Have I seen this ? ' " Perhaps a more startling discovery than the rat was a bright green pit viper scientists spotted slithering through the rafters of a restaurant in Khao Yai National Park in Thailand . The Fund dubbed the Mekong a "  biological treasure trove . " The organization 's report "  First Contact in the Greater Mekong " says 519 plants , 279 fish , 88 frogs , 88 spiders , 46 lizards , 22 snakes , 15 mammals , four birds , four turtles , two salamanders and a toad were found . Scientists are still trying to determine if they have uncovered thousands of new invertebrate species . Scientists are discovering new species at a rate of two per week , said Chungyalpa , who said the reason for publishing the report now was twofold . "  We realized that we should highlight these discoveries in part because of the legacy of war and conflict in the region , " she said . "  There 's an urgency with the threat of development in the Mekong countries . " A horned bovine found in 1991 living in the evergreen forests of the Annamite Mountains of Laos and Vietnam has not been found in recent years , she said . Timber development and mining industries are encroaching . There are 150 large hydropower dams that have been constructed along the Mekong river , and another 150 are slated to be built , according to the Fund . Dams that can trap and kill fish are at different stages of planning in the Greater Mekong . High variation in geography and climate zones that enabled species to flourish are now jeopardized by climate change , said Chungyalpa . War is always a threat in countries touched by the Mekong River , particularly Burma . Also known as Myanmar , the largest country by geographical area in mainland Southeast Asia has been ravaged over the years by conflict , political instability and natural disaster . This summer , for example , the United Nations reported that as many as 100,000 people were killed by a cyclone that hit Myanmar . The country 's ruling military junta blocked the outside world for weeks before allowing aid to flow into the region . There are cultural obstacles to protecting rare species , too . Many restaurants serve them as food . Restaurants often have rickety bamboo floors that one can look through to see cages filled with exotic animals , Chungyalpa says . The more exotic the animal , the more status it often bestows on the person who consumes it . "  Reports -LSB- like the WWF 's -RSB- are important because these regions can be educated , " said Maureen Aung-Thwin , the director of The Burma Project , which is funded by the George Soros Foundation and supports local Indonesian organizations working toward an open society . "  People are taking climate change more seriously and even the ruling junta have a forestry NGO . There are glimpses of hope , " said Aung-Thwin . "  But it 's also a situation where someone could step forward and say ` We do n't need this ' and cut it all down . " WWF said it is working with governments and industry to plan the conservation of more than 231,000 square miles of forest and freshwater habitats that cross borders with all countries in the Greater Mekong .	World Wildlife Fund documents new species of mammals , plants , lizards , fish 1,068 species were found between 1997 and 2007 , according to WWF report WWF calls the Mekong Delta region a "  treasure trove " of rare creatures
CNN  -- Formula One is supposed to be about drivers racing fast cars , but this season it seems to be all about the tires . There have been complaints from teams and drivers , with an official investigation also underway over a development test , while the latest twist involves Pirelli putting its plan on hold to introduce new race tires at next month 's Canadian Grand Prix . Instead , each of the 22 drivers will be given two sets of development medium compound tires to try out during the first practice session at the Gilles Villeneuve Circuit in Montreal on 7 June . A statement by the Italian manufacturer explained : "  The Formula One teams will have an opportunity to test the new range of Pirelli tires during free practice at the Canadian Grand Prix , while the tires used for the actual race will remain in their original 2013 specification . "  Following feedback from the teams and drivers , the new specification of tire is then set to be introduced from the British Grand Prix at the end of June , and will remain in place until the end of the year . " Often dismissed by the sport 's protagonists as the "  black things in the corners , " those spheres of rubber have very much moved to F1 's center stage . After the last race in Monaco , it emerged that Mercedes , who won the race thanks to Nico Rosberg , faced an official investigation over whether it carried out an illegal tire test . The German team , who are based in Oxfordshire , England , helped Pirelli carry out a three-day tire test in Barcelona immediately after the Spanish Grand Prix but controversially the team used race drivers Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton and their 2013 car . In May , Pirelli had asked the sport 's ruling body -- the FIA -- if it could carry out testing with an F1 team . The sport 's rules state that 1,000 kilometers of testing with any marque is allowed during the season -- as long as every team is offered that opportunity . But rival teams Red Bull and Ferrari protested to the FIA , arguing the Barcelona test contravened the rule banning in-season testing . The FIA is now investigating the matter but neither the governing body or Pirelli expect a resolution before the Canadian GP . Even prior to Monaco , tires had already been drawing plenty of heat . Red Bull and their triple world champion Sebastian Vettel complained the 2013 rubber meant they could not push the car to the limits of its top-speed because the tires had to be so carefully managed . There were further criticisms after the Spanish Grand Prix was won by Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso on a four-stop strategy . Like Spain , the race on Canada 's temporary race circuit , which combines high-speed straights and slow corners , could well see teams make multiple pit-stops . There were also more serious safety concerns following a spate of delaminations -- where the tire layers separate -- which affected Hamilton , Felipe Massa and Paul di Resta 's cars . Pirelli wants to introduce new tires that are not prone to dangerous delaminations as quickly as possible . The Italian company is also aware it must protect its image both for its road car clientele and also as it hopes to sign a new deal to continue as F1 's official tire supplier . "  The aim of introducing the new tire is to prevent any instances of the tread detaching itself from the structure , " the Pirelli statement continued . "  However , the performance and wear characteristics of the new tire will not be significantly different , with the aim of keeping up the spectacle and retaining a strategic element to all the races . " In theory , the FIA does not interfere with decisions on tires . "  We only step in on safety concerns. , " an FIA spokesman told CNN : "  For us safety is paramount . "  When they decide to bring a new tire , it is normally given to everybody . The tire has to be the same for everybody ... it is evaluated afterwards . " But with Mercedes facing an official investigation over its involvement in testing , the subject of tires has become an issue where everyone in F1 must now tread carefully .	Pirelli put plans to introduce new race tires at next month 's Canadian Grand Prix on hold Each of the 11 teams will instead try out development tires in the first practice session Pirelli wants to change tires to stop delaminations Mercedes face an FIA investigation over involvement in tire test
CNN  -- Mitchell Johnson was in danger of becoming the forgotten man of Australian cricket . Shunned by the selectors after an alarming loss of form , he spent a year out of the Test team as he struggled to overcome a foot injury . But the 31-year-old is back with a bang , having terrorized Sri Lanka 's batsmen to help the home side clinch a 2-0 series win in Melbourne on Friday . The left-arm paceman was named man of the match after claiming six wickets and scoring 92 not out as the tourists crumbled to defeat by an innings and 201 runs -- Sri Lanka 's third worst reverse in the five-day game . Johnson , only playing because of injuries to other bowlers , followed up his four-wicket haul from Sri Lanka 's first-innings 156 with a fiery spell that earned two more scalps and ended the tour of key batsman Kumar Sangakkara , who had scored 27 . Sangakkara , who on the opening day joined the elite club of players to have scored 10,000 Test runs , needs surgery on a broken finger after being hit on the gloves by Johnson -- who also gave wicketkeeper Prasanna Jayawardene a hairline thumb fracture in the first innings . Neither Jayawardene nor bowler Chanaka Welegedara were able to bat due to injuries , and Sri Lanka collapsed to 103-7 all out in 24.2 overs . Two wickets fell in Johnson 's opening over of the innings , one of them a run out . "  The plan through this Test match was to get up their batters and unfortunately for them they got a few injuries out of it , " said Johnson , who passed the milestone of 200 wickets in his 49th Test . "  I think that intimidation factor definitely worked out there today . We found a bit of a weakness with them with the short ball ... They obviously did n't handle it as well as they would have liked . " It marked a minor career resurrection for Johnson , who was Australia 's main strike bowler until his form fell apart during the 2010-11 Ashes series against England . "  In the time I 've had off I 've been able to reflect on a lot of things . I had probably got to the stage where I listened to a lot of outside influences -- that does n't affect me anymore . I 'm just happy with how I 've come back , and making the most of the opportunities I get , " he said . "  It 's not every day you get to play for your country , and I 'm pretty proud of the fact I 've played 49 Tests now . You 've just got to look to the future and , if you get picked , go out there and make the most of it . That 's what I 'm doing ... and playing with a smile on my face . "  I 've always been happy playing for Australia , it just got to the point where I was feeling the pressure . It happens in professional sports , you can feel the pressure and start to believe in things that are said or outside influences , and it just got to that point for me . "  I 've moved past that . I 'm 31 , I 've been around the game for a long time now and I think I 've matured in that I have belief in myself and just go out there and play my game and do the best job I can . " Despite his heroics , Johnson is not guaranteed of starting the third Test in Sydney from January 3-7 . Mitchell Starc is expected to return after being rested , while debutant Jackson Bird made a strong impression as an opening bowler , taking two wickets in each innings . "  His control with the new ball is an area that I think we 've been looking for , " captain Michael Clarke said . "  The one thing I really like about Jackson is you know what you 're going to get . "  He bowled into the breeze the whole game and did a fantastic job for us . I think Birdy played a huge part in Mitch 's success in the first innings , and it allows a bowler like Mitch to be able to attack . " Australia will be without key all-rounder Shane Watson , who has a calf injury , meaning Glenn Maxwell has the chance to make his Test debut after previous appearances in limited-overs internationals . Meanwhile , India leveled the Twenty20 series against Pakistan with an 11-run victory in the second match at Ahmedabad on Friday . The home side put on 192-5 after batting first , with Yuvraj Singh smashing 72 off 36 balls , sending seven deliveries over the boundary ropes . Pakistan could not follow up Tuesday 's five-wicket win in Bangalore , finishing on 181-7 after 20 overs . Ashok Dinda took 3-36 from his four overs . It is the first bilateral series between the neighboring countries in five years . The three-match one-day series will start on Sunday .	Mitchell Johnson inspires Australia to innings victory over Sri Lanka in Melbourne Injury-hit tourists crash to series defeat ahead of third and final match in Sydney Johnson named man of the match after taking six wickets and hitting 92 not out India levels Twenty20 series against Pakistan with 11-run win in second match at Ahmedabad
CNN  -- Substitute John Brooks ' headed goal four minutes from time gave the United States a dramatic 2-1 victory over Ghana in a Group G opening round World Cup match on Monday . Brooks scored from a corner kick just four minutes after Andre Ayew of Ghana equalized by giving Ghana the goal that had eluded its grasp much of the night . Clint Dempsey had given the United States a 1-0 lead with the quickest goal ever for the U.S. in a World Cup match . He netted just 29 seconds into the match , breaking into the penalty area and striking home a left-footed shot past sprawling Ghana goalkeeper Adam Kwarasey . It was the fifth fastest goal in World Cup history . "  We have a great spirit and  we  fight until the last second , " U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann said . "  There is undoubtedly things that we need to improve . At the end of the day we got the three points . " The 2-1 scoreline was familiar but a turnaround from the 2006 and 2010 World Cups when Ghana eliminated the United States each time by the same score . After a frustrating first half , Ghana threatened more often in the second 45 minutes , finally getting the goal that seemed would be their destiny eight minutes from the end . Ayew finished neatly with the outside of his left boot after a flowing move that saw him collect a back heel from striker Asamoah Gyan . The favored Ghanaians spent much of the game in the U.S. end . They often knocked the ball around as the Americans sat back on defense , trying not to be beaten by the Africans ' speed . Ghana , the youngest team in the tournament , attacked incessantly down the right side of the field in the first half , only to be undone by poor crosses that sailed high and wide . The United States chose to rely on counterattacks and in the 19th minute almost doubled its 1-0 lead when striker Jozy Altidore had a good chance that was thwarted by a sliding defender . It was heartbreak for the young American , who left the match with a hamstring injury two minutes later . He was replaced by Aron Johansson . The Americans spent much of the second half chasing the ball and only mustered a Dempsey shot in the 79th minute that was easily saved by Kwarasey until Brooks ' stunning goal , his first in an international match . U.S. goalie Tim Howard had four saves . Kwarasey had three . The United States faces Portugal on Sunday , while Ghana plays Germany on Saturday .	Clint Dempsey scored after 29 seconds and the United States led for the next 81 minutes Ghana 's Andre Ayew tied the score at 1-1 John Brooks , who started the match on the bench , scored the winning goal late on
CNN  -- Yemen is embarking on a major initiative in its war on terror and plans to build four new branches for the country 's elite counterterrorism units next year , a spokesman for the country 's American embassy said on Saturday . Mohammed Albasha said the branches will be located in four different locations -- Mareb , Shabwa , Abyan and Hadramawt . Hadramawt , Albasha said , will have the largest contingent of counterterror units . "  This is the next phase in the war on terrorism - we are bringing the fight to al Qaeda . " Yemen has been locked in a struggle with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP , the offshoot of the al Qaeda terror network based in Yemen . It grabbed the attention of the west with the attempted bombing of a Northwest Airlines trans-Atlantic flight as it landed in Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day in 2009 . The anti-terror campaign has also come under increased international scrutiny since authorities in late October uncovered a cargo plane bomb plot targeting Western interests . AQAP claimed responsibility for the scheme , which involved shipping explosives disguised as printer toner cartridges on U.S.-bound cargo planes . According to a Yemeni government official , international partners such as the United States , the United Kingdom and Gulf Cooperation Council member countries like Saudi Arabia will assist in training and equipping the Yemeni forces in the new branches . The official , who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak to the media on the matter , told CNN , "  One of the main reasons this is happening -- and one of the main ideas behind building these branches and training these forces -- is because air strikes have caused a lot of collateral damage . " "  This will , hopefully , minimize collateral damage in the future , " he said . The four new counterterrorism branches "  have been in the works for a while now , " said the official . "  This year , the plans were pushed forward , " he said . "  The branches should be built in 2011 . " Yemen 's government , which has little control over many parts of its territory , has openly asked for U.S. assistance to target militants -- though some officials have criticized their counterparts in Washington for not acting quickly or effectively enough . In an interview with CNN in November , Yemen 's Foreign Minister Abu Bakr Abdullah Al Qirbi said , "  It was n't really until last year that the Americans have been heavily involved in building our counterterrorism capability and providing us with equipment . " Over the past year , U.S. Special Forces have expanded the type of training they are giving to Yemen 's military , while also adding more Special Operations forces to the training mission there . Earlier this year , Defense Secretary Robert Gates approved spending $ 150 million to train and equip Yemen 's security forces , specifically so they can fight al Qaeda . That includes helicopters , planes and other equipment and it more than doubles the amount of aid the U.S. military authorized in 2009 . According to the Yemeni government official , Sanaa will get another four Huey II helicopters in 2011 -- all of which should be operational by year 's end . A senior defense official told CNN last month that the United States and Yemen have shared surveillance and intelligence on AQAP activity inside the country . Last week , at a forum at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , John Brennan , assistant to the president for homeland security and counterterrorism , said AQAP is "  increasingly active " in reaching out to find terrorist recruits , even in the United States . "  Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is now the most operationally active node of the al Qaeda network , " Brennan said . According to a statement released by the While House , Brennan called Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Thursday and emphasized "  the importance of taking forceful action against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula in order to thwart its plans to carry out terrorist attacks in Yemen as well as in other countries , including in the U.S. Homeland . " Earlier this month , a vehicle carrying U.S. Embassy personnel in Yemen was attacked but nobody was injured . In October the motorcade of the British deputy ambassador was attacked and in April the British ambassador 's car was the target of a failed bomb attack . While it is not yet known who is responsible for that attack , the State Department 's most recent travel advisory for Yemen warns Americans of threats to U.S. interests due to active terrorist activity , specifically from AQAP . Embassy employees in Sanaa are instructed to use caution when visiting restaurants , hotels or tourist areas in the capital and are forbidden from traveling outside the capital .	NEW : U.S. , U.K. and Saudi Arabia will help Yemen set up four counterterror branches , a Yemeni official says NEW : The initiative has been in the works for some time , but should fully take effect in 2011 A diplomatic spokesman says the move marks the "  next phase on the war on terrorism " The Sanaa-based government does not fully control large parts of the country
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Katy Perry is the "  most rewarded digital act " ever , according to the organization that hands out gold and platinum records . Perry fans have bought 72 million singles online , which is 20 million more digital singles than the No. 2 artist , Rihanna , has sold , the Recording Industry Association of America announced . Taylor Swift is third with 51 million digital singles sold . How iTunes changed music , and the world The music industry group , which started honoring vinyl record sales in 1958 , launched its digital sales awards in 2004 when online music downloads -- not including the pirated versions -- became a mainstream way of buying songs . The RIAA added online music streaming to its tracking last year . Katy Perry is the most followed on Twitter Perry has earned 18 gold , 16 platinum and 56 multiplatinum digital singles awards in addition to her multiplatinum awards for her album "  Teenage Dream " and a platinum award for the album "  One of the Boys . " Perry 's top hits include "  I Kissed a Girl , " "  Hot N Cold , " "  Dark Horse " and "  Birthday . " RIAA Chairman Cary Sherman , at a ceremony Wednesday , called Perry "  a force to be reckoned with in music . " "  She embodies all that makes a true global superstar : the musical talent , the extraordinary drive and genuine charisma , and an intrinsic connection with her fans , " Sherman said . "  The award is a reflection of her deep commitment to those qualities and to her music , which has propelled her to this historic milestone . " Katy Perry disses Miley 's tongue , Miley bites back	Her fans have bought 72 million digital singles online She has 18 gold , 16 platinum and 56 multiplatinum digital singles awards Recording Industry Association of America began awarding gold and platinum digital singles in ' 04
CNN  -- In this high-stakes election , Americans are making use of every available opportunity to get the word out about the candidates and issues . For some , that means making Halloween political . Oliver Smith and Matt Fett created these impressive pumpkin portraits of Barack Obama and Sarah Palin . Many of these people shared their Halloween politicking on iReport.com . A few of them , like Mark Weyermuller of Wilmette , Illinois , have gone all-out , turning their yards into full-on political displays . Weyermuller 's features life-size figures of Barack Obama , John McCain , Hillary Clinton , and Sarah Palin , and he says he 's waiting for his Joe Biden mask to arrive in the mail . He also has a sign up -- held by a witch , appropriately -- that reads "  Witch do you like for vice-president ? " "  We do this every year with current event figures , " said Weyermuller , adding that "  The political characters tend to scare the neighbors and the kids more then most traditional ghosts and goblins . " Weyermuller even added a figure of Joe the plumber to the lawn after the final presidential debate . "  He is now the star of the election , Halloween and this front yard , " he said . iReport.com : A political yard for Halloween Melissa Cruson 's family builds a giant spider web in their Colleyville , Texas , yard each year for Halloween . But this year , they decided to give it a political twist at her daughter 's suggestion . "  While buying the supplies that we needed for the web , my daughter , who is in the sixth grade , mentioned that ` this year we should put Obama and Hillary in the web ! ' We thought it was a great idea and went with it , " she said . So this year , in addition to the traditional giant spiders , the Cruson family 's web features a smiling John McCain sitting in front of the web , where Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are trapped . "  The comical part of this -LSB- is that -RSB- my husband and I are just about as nonpolitical as you can get , " Cruson said . "  Yet it appears that we have made a pretty loud political statement this year with this display and the attention it has received . But we do know that this is a very critical election for our country . " Cruson said her family continuously receives visitors who want to pose for photos with the political web . Staffers at the local Republican headquarters even heard about the display and "  went crazy over it . " iReport.com : Caught in a political web Perhaps the most elaborate political Halloween display we 've seen on iReport.com can only be seen from the air . Baggenstos Farms in Sherwood , Oregon , created a corn maze with the theme "  Election 2008 . " The maze features likenesses of McCain and Obama along with the candidates ' names and the word "  vote . " Greg Hughes , who is studying to become a pilot , was on a training flight near Portland , Oregon , when he spotted the display . He grabbed his video camera to capture the maze as his instructor flew the plane . "  Now that 's a yard sign ! " said one of the commenters on Hughes ' iReport . iReport.com : A political crop circle ? Other iReporters are displaying their candidate of choice on Halloween in simpler ways . Political pumpkins displaying the candidates ' names , likenesses , and slogans are becoming popular with Democrats and Republicans in the days before the election . Matt Fett of Ames , Iowa -- who clearly has some experience in pumpkin carving -- created a portrait of Palin for his jack-o ' - lantern this year . He says he likes to carve "  something that 's relevant " each year , and as a Republican , carved Mitt Romney last year . iReport.com : A Sarah Palin pumpkin Oliver Smith of Tulsa , Oklahoma , carved an equally professional-looking pumpkin portrait of Obama . "  Basically , I just found a picture of him that I liked , tweaked it to find the parts to cut , carbon copied it to the pumpkin , then chiseled away parts of the skin , " he said . "  The whole process took about 4 1/2 hours . " Unfortunately , he says , squirrels chewed his jack-o ' - lantern to bits just hours after he completed it . But Smith , who supports Obama in the election , says he 's not giving up on a political Halloween . "  I plan on making another closer to Halloween , " he said . "  But I 'm not giving the squirrels any more food until then . " iReport.com : ` Pumpkins for change '	Many Americans using Halloween to express their political views Pumpkin portraits of presidential and vice-presidential candidates abound Elaborate displays include a political web and a giant corn maze to get out the vote iReport.com : Are you displaying your political affiliation this Halloween ?
CNN  -- A paramedic who responded to a horrific , deadly fertilizer plant explosion in West , Texas -- and who later spoke at a memorial for its victims -- pleaded guilty Thursday after accusations he possessed materials to make a pipe bomb . Bryce Reed pleaded guilty to conspiracy to possess a destructive device and attempted obstruction of justice , according to his lawyer Jonathan Sibley . In August , McLennan County Criminal District Attorney Abel Reyna said he had n't seen "  credible evidence " linking Reed 's possession of a prohibited weapon to the April 17 blast at a West Fertilizer Company facility . A fire led to the ammonium nitrate explosion , which killed 15 people -- most of them firefighters and paramedics -- and devastated West , a small town about 20 miles north of Waco and 75 miles south of Dallas . Dozens of homes , two schools and a nursing home suffered significant damage in the blast , which was so big that seismographs registered it as a small earthquake . Reed was among the emergency workers who responded to the site . He was vocal afterward as well , speaking to reporters and at a memorial service at Baylor University for the blast 's victims . "  There 's no way I would have ever dreamed that this would have happened , " Reed told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " "  I mean , it 's profound and it 's dire , and it hurts like hell . " Yet Reed himself became a target of authorities after components of a pipe bomb were found at a residence , according to a criminal complaint affidavit . The officers determined that Reed had given the materials -- including galvanized metal pipe , a fuse , coils of metal ribbon and several bags of chemical powders -- to that home 's resident . In a statement , Reed 's lawyers stressed that neither the charge nor the plea agreement "  have anything to do with the tragic explosion . " He chose to plead guilty , they said , "  to accept full responsibility for what he believes is his role in the allegations against him " and avoid a drawn-out trial . "  Finally , ... Mr. Reed believes that continuing to draw out this process will be a distraction to the most important issue , the losses suffered by the heroes , friends and loved ones in the West community , " his lawyers said .	Lawyer : Bryce Reed pleads guilty to conspiracy to possess a destructive device An affidavit says he gave someone components for a pipe bomb Reed was among the first responders at a West , Texas , plant explosion that left 15 dead He insists the charges are n't related to the blast ; authorities have n't connected them
CNN  -- The airline operating an Airbus A310-300 jet that crashed in the Indian Ocean on Tuesday with 153 people aboard was being monitored by EU authorities , according to France 's transport minister . An Airbus 310 like the one pictured crashed while on the way to the capital of Comoros . Dominique Bussereau told French television that inspectors in his country had also noted several faults on the doomed Yemenia Airways plane , Agence France-Presse reported . "  The company was not on the blacklist  of airlines banned from European airspace  but was being subjected to closer inspection by us and was due to soon be heard by the security committee of the European Union , " Bussereau said . The Airbus A310 was inspected in France in 2007 by the French civil aviation authority and "  a certain number of faults had been noted . " "  The plane had not since then reappeared in our country , " he added . However , Chris Yates , an aviation analyst for Jane 's Information Group , said he suspected weather and/or airport failings were a greater factor in the crash than a technical fault . Recent plane crashes " "  It 's more than likely to be a weather-related incident . Having said that , you can not rule out a maintenance issue , " Yates told CNN . Yemenia Air had used the jet since 1999 , on about 17,300 flights , Airbus officials said . The company said it would assist in investigating the crash . "  We are extremely saddened and our thoughts are with the families , friends and loved ones affected by this accident , " Airbus spokeswoman Maggie Bergsma told CNN . "  We are giving our maximum support and assistance to the authorities and the airline . " "  This includes a team of Airbus experts that will go on site and our crisis center has been open since early this morning , where our specialists work in direct contact with the airline and the authorities , " Bergsma added . "  The task now is to gather as much information as possible , including retrieval of the black boxes , to help us understand what happened . This will need time and patience . " It is the second crash involving an Airbus jet in a month . On June 1 , an Air France Airbus A330 crashed off Brazil while en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France . All 228 aboard are presumed dead . The cause remains under investigation . In the wake of the Air France crash on June 1 , United States accident investigators have been probing two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s . One flight was between the United States and Brazil in May and the other between Hong Kong and Japan in June . The planes landed safely and there were no injuries or damage , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report .	EU concerned about airline operating jet that crashed in Indian Ocean Jet was carrying more than 150 people to island of Comoros from Yemen French officials noted faults with Airbus A310 when they inspected it in 2007
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Had this custody drama played out in the United States , Christopher Savoie might be considered a hero -- snatching his two little children back from an ex-wife who defied the law and ran off with them . A Tennessee court awarded Christopher Savoie custody of his son , Isaac , and daughter , Rebecca . But this story unfolds 7,000 miles away in the Japanese city of Fukuoka , where the U.S. legal system holds no sway . And here , Savoie sits in jail , charged with the abduction of minors . And his Japanese ex-wife -- a fugitive in the United States for taking his children from Tennessee -- is considered the victim . "  Japan is an important partner and friend of the U.S. , but on this issue , our points of view differ , " the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo said Tuesday . "  Our two nations approach divorce and child-rearing differently . Parental child abduction is not considered a crime in Japan . " The story begins in the Nashville suburb of Franklin , Tennessee , with the January divorce of Savoie from his first wife , Noriko , a Japanese native . The ex-wife had agreed to live in Franklin to be close to the children , taking them to Japan for summer vacations . Savoie in March requested a restraining order to prevent his ex-wife from taking the children to Japan , saying she had threatened to do so , according to court documents obtained by CNN affiliate WTVF and posted on the station 's Web site . A temporary order was issued , but then lifted following a hearing . "  If Mother fails to return to Tennessee -LSB- after summer vacation -RSB- with the children following her visitation period , she could lose her alimony , child support and education fund , which is added assurance to Father that she is going to return with the children , " Circuit Court Judge James G. Martin III noted in his order on the matter . After that ruling , Christopher Savoie tried to have Martin recuse himself , as he was a mediator in the case prior to becoming a judge , said Marlene Eskind Moses , Noriko Savoie 's attorney . But that request was denied , as Savoie earlier said he had no concerns about Martin hearing the matter . Following the summer trip , Noriko Savoie did return to the United States , and Christopher Savoie then took the children on a vacation , returning them to his ex-wife , his attorney , Paul Bruno , told CNN . Watch latest report on Savoie 's situation " But days later , on the first day of classes for 8-year-old Isaac and 6-year-old Rebecca , the school called Savoie to say his children had n't arrived , Bruno said . Police checked Noriko Savoie 's home and did not find the children . Concerned , Savoie called his ex-wife 's father in Japan , who told him not to worry . "  I said , ` What do you mean -- do n't worry ? They were n't at school . ' ` Oh , do n't worry , they are here , ' " Savoie recounted the conversation to CNN affiliate WTVF earlier this month . "  I said , ` They are what , they are what , they are in Japan ? ' " The very thing that Savoie had predicted in court papers had happened -- his wife had taken their children to Japan and showed no signs of returning , Bruno said . After Noriko Savoie took the children to Japan , Savoie filed for and received full custody of the children , Bruno said . And Franklin police issued an arrest warrant for his ex-wife , the television station reported . But there was a major hitch : Japan is not a party to the 1980 Hague Convention on international child abduction . The international agreement standardizes laws , but only among participating countries . So while Japanese civil law stresses that courts resolve custody issues based on the best interest of the children without regard to either parent 's nationality , foreign parents have had little success in regaining custody . Japanese family law follows a tradition of sole custody divorces . When a couple splits , one parent typically makes a complete and lifelong break from the children . In court documents filed in May , Noriko Savoie denied that she was failing to abide by the terms of the couple 's court-approved parenting plan or ignoring court-appointed parent coordinators . She added she was "  concerned about the stability of Father , his extreme antagonism towards Mother and the effect of this on the children . " Noriko Savoie could not be reached by CNN for comment . Bruno said he helped Christopher Savoie pursue legal remedies to recover the children , working with police , the FBI and the State Department . "  We tried to do what we could to get the kids back , " Bruno said . "  There was not a whole lot we can do . " "  Our court system failed him , " said Diane Marshall , a court-appointed parent coordinator who helped Savoie make decisions about the children . "  It 's just a mess . " But Moses , Noriko Savoie 's attorney , told CNN that the children 's father had other legal options . The International Association for Parent-Child Reunion , formed in Japan this year , claims to know of more than 100 cases of children abducted by non-custodial Japanese parents . And the U.S. State Department says it is not aware of a single case in which a child taken from the United States to Japan has been ordered returned by Japanese courts -- even when the left-behind parent has a U.S. custody decree . Facing such statistics and the possibility of never seeing his kids again , Savoie took matters into his own hands . He flew to Fukuoka . And as his ex-wife walked the two children to school Monday morning , Savoie drove alongside them . He grabbed the kids , forced them into his car , and drove off , said police in Fukuoka . Watch CNN panel discuss Savoie 's legal options " He headed for the U.S. consulate in that city to try to obtain passports for Isaac and Rebecca . But Japanese police , alerted by Savoie 's ex-wife , were waiting . Consulate spokeswoman Tracy Taylor said she heard a scuffle outside the doors of the consulate . She ran up and saw a little girl and a man , whom police were trying to talk to . Eventually , police took Savoie away , charging him with the abduction of minors -- a charge that carries a jail sentence of up to five years . Bruno said if the situation were reversed and a Japanese parent had abducted a Japanese child and fled to America , U.S. courts would "  correct that problem , because it 's a crime . " He said he has "  concerns about Japan ... providing a place for people to abduct children and go to . The parent left behind does not have recourse . " He added , "  the president and his administration should do something to correct this . " The consulate met with Savoie on Monday and Tuesday , Taylor said . It has provided him with a list of local lawyers and said it will continue to assist . Meanwhile , the international diplomacy continues . During the first official talks between the United States and Japan 's new government , the issue of parental abductions was raised . But it is anybody 's guess what happens next to Savoie , who sits in a jail cell . CNN 's Kyung Lah in Tokyo , Japan , and Aaron Cooper , Saeed Ahmed and Carolina Sanchez in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Ex-wife 's attorney says dad had other legal options besides grabbing kids American dad tries to snatch children from ex-wife who took them to Japan She is a fugitive in Tennessee , but has broken no law in Japan Father , who has legal custody in U.S. , charged in Japan with abduction
CNN  -- With the last day of the Tour de France usually uneventful as it relates to changes in the overall lead , Saturday marked the last realistic opportunity someone could catch Vincenzo Nibali . But given his big advantage , that was always unlikely . And after Saturday 's penultimate stage , only a catastrophe can stop Nibali from becoming just the second Italian champion of cycling 's most coveted race in more than 45 years -- Marco Pantani was the last Italian winner in 1998 , preceding Lance Armstrong 's now tainted reign . As Germany 's Tony Martin claimed the 54-kilometer time trial from Bergerac to Perigueux , Nibali finished fourth . Crucially , though , he carries a nearly eight-minute lead into the final day , a 137.5-kilometer stretch from Evry to the Champs-Elysees in Paris . "  I have n't realized yet how big it is to win the Tour de France , " Nibali of team Astana was quoted as saying by the Tour 's official website . "  I 'll keep that for tomorrow . "  It 's difficult to ride the Tour but the beauty of it is to cycle on the Champs-ElysÃ © es . That 's the biggest memory I 've kept from my first participation -- the lap of honor , the enormous number of people , Paris ' monuments . "  I 'll try to savor my victory as much as I can . Every moment will count . " There has n't been a home champion since Bernard Hinault in 1985 and that drought looks set to continue but the good news for the French is that two riders -- Jean-Christophe Peraud and Thibaut Pinot -- should finish on the podium for the first time since 1984 . Peraud overtook Pinot for second . Peraud said the early exits of last year 's winner Chris Froome and former winner Alberto Contador due to wrist and shin injuries , respectively , allowed him to contemplate a runner-up placing . "  The withdrawals of Froome and Contador opened a range of possibilities and I started dreaming about this second place , " he said . "  I 'm happy to have achieved that goal . "  I have a feeling of mission accomplished and a lot of joy today . " Martin , a multiple world time trial champion from Germany , won his second stage of this year 's race in 1:06.21 , more than a minute-and-a-half quicker than Dutchman Tom Dumoulin .	Vincenzo Nibali of Italy closes in on a first Tour de France cycling title Nibali carries a nearly eight-minute lead into Sunday 's final stage Two Frenchmen are set to finish on the podium in Paris , pleasing home fans Tony Martin of Germany wins the 20th stage , a time trial , by more than a minute
New York  CNN  -- New Yorkers are not especially known for their patience . Stand on a subway escalator 's left side -- otherwise known as the passing lane -- and it might evoke a sharp reprimand from fellow riders . But in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy , millions across the New York metropolitan region who depend on the nation 's busiest transit system are still waiting for their subway system to be fully restored . "  There is no precedent for this , " said Clifton Hood , author of "  722 Miles : The Building of the Subways and How They Transformed New York . " Dubbed New York 's "  life-blood , " an estimated 5.5 million people ride the city 's subway system each day in the country 's most densely populated region . Most New York City residents do n't have cars to fall back on . Less than half own cars , according to the New York City Economic Development Corporation , which cites the latest census data on car ownership . That 's a stark contrast with the rest of the nation , where 92 % of all households own at least one car . Opinion : New York infrastructure FAIL So when Gotham launched into emergency mode this week ahead of Sandy , shutting down all of its 468 stations for the second time ever , the effect was crippling on commuters and the places they work . At a corner Midtown market , where the Manhattan bustle continued in spite of Sandy , Edward Greenwald , 49 , struggled to fill scheduling gaps left by stranded employees despite his own commute from storm-battered New Jersey . "  I 've got employees coming in from all across the Tri-State area , " he said . "  It 's been really hard for them to get in , almost impossible . I 've been coming in at 6 a.m. everyday and leaving at 10 p.m. just to help out . " Dating back to 1904 , New York 's century-old subway system is so extensive that if it were laid out in a single line , the tracks would extend from Manhattan to Detroit . Defending it and the city 's power grid from storms that whip along New York 's low-lying neighborhoods could be a concern that gains momentum beyond the week 's recovery effort . "  We going to have to find some long-term , or longer-term solutions to this , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters this week . Could giant plugs prevent subway floods ? And yet there were some indications that this kind of crisis was coming . Just 14 months ago , Hurricane Irene prompted New York 's first-ever total subway closure . "  Rising sea level and climate change are likely to cause dangerous flooding in the coming decades , " according to a 2004 report produced by the Marine Sciences Research Center for New York 's Department of Environmental Protection . That report said much of the region is less than three meters above sea level -- which is slowly rising -- and therefore at risk from a so-called "  100-year flood , " a term often used to describe its relative probability . New York "  has a 100-year flood every two years now , " Gov. Andrew Cuomo quipped this week to President Barack Obama , who briefly cut off campaign stops to tour the region and assess the billions of dollars in damages along New York and New Jersey 's coastal plains . "  Our climate is changing , " the mayor wrote in an editorial this week . "  And while the increase in extreme weather we have experienced in New York City and around the world may or may not be the result of it , the risk that it might be -- given this week 's devastation -- should compel all elected leaders to take immediate action . " Broader questions about climate change , infrastructure and how cities like New York will respond to storms like Sandy will likely continue to loom large . "  New York might have to take the Netherlands model , where they have all their power systems elevated , " said Kenneth Button , a professor of public policy at George Mason University . Opinion : New York has what it takes to rebound "  This is really not just a New York problem , it 's a problem that exists in many places . " The Dutch flood protection model employs large-scale flood gates , as well as a series of low-lying drainage canals and pumping stations . In Japan , engineers have devised a $ 3 billion system called a "  Water Discharge Tunnel " that essentially works as a floodwater diversion facility to protect Tokyo 's 13 million residents during rain and typhoon season . Still , making New York 's subways watertight would be an "  engineering feat equal to the scale and creativity of the original construction  of the system itself  , " said Lucius Riccio , New York City 's former Transportation Commissioner and lecturer at Columbia University . "  Our engineers are up to it , if given the resources and the free hand . " In the days ahead , New York faces at least two big challenges , according to Ben Orlove , senior climate scientist at Columbia University . First , the city must cope with its immediate problems -- power outages , stranded residents , suspended subway lines , flooding and fire damage . Then it needs to deal with long-term infrastructure . "  We need to be innovative , " said Orlove . "  And we should consider things like putting up flood gates at the mouth of the Hudson  River  and other vulnerable points that could help hold back the tide . " An army of municipal workers and private contractors is addressing the more immediate concerns , working around the clock in New York to pump out sea water and wipe down salt-caked machinery like underground transformers , circuit switches and generators . As workers scrambled to restore equipment , thousands of otherwise stranded commuters defiantly walked to work this week , often abandoning taxi cabs in the city 's traffic-clogged streets . "  I left my house at 6:45 a.m. and I 'm still walking , " said Elizabeth Gorman , a 40-year-old Queens resident who crossed the Queensboro Bridge at around 10 a.m. "  I do n't know what  else  to do . I have to get to work . " New York 's buses , trains and subways are all slowly coming back online . But for many residents across the region where full transit service has yet to be restored , the slog to work continues . In the end , NYC marathon did n't feel right	An estimated 5.5 million people ride New York 's subway system each day New York shut down all 468 subway stations for the second time ever for Superstorm Sandy If it were laid out in a single line , the tracks would extend from Manhattan to Detroit , Michigan Scientists cite rising sea levels and climate change as contributors to dangerous flooding
CNN  -- The world will feign outrage over the "  revelations " cited in the newly released Senate Intelligence Committee 's torture report . Around dinner tables and coffee shops in the Middle East , North Africa and Southwest Asia , people are probably chuckling over the hype surrounding U.S. interrogation techniques such as sleep deprivation , loud music , and yes , waterboarding . And what do their own governments use ? Most likely beatings , mutilations and executions . The report findings may result in protests , but the most damaging consequence may be that it would set back our intelligence services in fighting terrorism . Those captured on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan were surprised when the treatment they received by their U.S. captors was nothing like what they were told by their leaders . They were told they would be brutally tortured and killed regardless of whether they shared information . But they quickly learned that was n't the case . The mistakes at Abu Ghraib in 2003 by unsupervised night-shift wannabe interrogators mirroring what they thought professionals were doing were wrong , and led to the end of the careers of those involved . The good thing that came out of Abu Ghraib was that despite what Americans thought of the U.S. military , those in Iraq knew the U.S. military would bend over backwards to demonstrate fair treatment . Over time , those who were released told their leaders and U.S captors they would rather be detained by the U.S. than by their own governments . Our humane treatment of prisoners resulted in insurgent and terrorist manuals instructing fighters to wait out American detention and that eventually they would be released much like ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , who was released in 2004 from Camp Bucca , Iraq . Detainees deemed of high value were sent to Guantanamo . After reforms following the abuses at Abu Ghraib they could play chess and backgammon while drinking tea and watching TV via satellite . At the height of the sectarian fighting in Baghdad in 2006 , Sunni insurgents and al Qaeda took the fight to Shia militias . Al Qaeda leaders were able to mobilize fighters assuring frightened Sunnis that U.S. forces would protect their neighborhoods from Shia militias . What ? Yes , even al Qaeda leaders knew the United States -- while an adversary -- was not the monster they said it was and would do all it could to protect Sunni areas from Shia militias , and unknowingly freeing up terrorists to go on the offensive . Feigning outrage is being used as a tactic to shift U.S. public support away from intelligence agencies and law enforcement in order to constrain them in the fight against terrorism . Would the easily offended American public condemn those who did everything they could to protect them post 9/11 ? Sending terrorists back to their own intelligence and security agencies for interrogation or rendition works mainly because they speak the language and know how to use culture and the Quran to deconstruct arguments . They may know the tribe and family relations and use that information to exert pressure to denounce terrorism . And yes , they have more leeway to use interrogation techniques . The fear of the known and unknown in rendition can lead to a detainee providing actionable intelligence before employing any tactic and often negates the use of interrogation tactics . The report states that enhanced interrogation tactics did not provide actionable intelligence -- I have to disagree . While some intelligence can be obtained without using these techniques , "  ticking time bomb " intel can not be obtained without them . The Obama administration is retaining the right to use enhanced interrogation techniques in "  ticking time-bomb " scenarios . The simple threat of sending a terrorist back to his country of origin was often enough to get him to give up information just to stay in U.S. custody where he knew he would be treated humanely . He may even have been able to tell someone to "  wake up and pay attention " like Khalid Sheikh Mohammed did during a lecture to U.S. intelligence agencies on terrorism . We are making it too easy for terrorists and their supporters to exploit our media and public over this report , which claims that no actionable intelligence came from these enhanced interrogation techniques . For example , did Senate intelligence staffers interview Khalid Sheikh Mohammed ? The U.S. intelligence community were able to gleam valuable and previously unknown information on al Qaeda operations and its key leaders from him . The one advantage interrogators have is the "  fear of the unknown . " This is often enough to get actionable intelligence from a detainee within the first 24 hours . The new report takes that away -- there is no fear of the "  known . " In other words , the U.S. will not do anything to you , you 'll be fine and there 's no need to give out any information ... and if your food is cold , call Sen. Dianne Feinstein .	Michael Pregent : The world will feign outrage over "  revelations " in the new torture report Pregent : The most damaging result may be that the report 's findings would set us back He says U.S. intelligence agencies fighting terrorism need our support Pregent : Terrorists may cooperate less with interrogators if agencies are constrained
CNN  -- What 's the first foreign policy issue the next U.S. president should tackle after the election ? More than 1,000 aspiring foreign secretaries in 114 countries and territories around the world weighed in on CNN International 's latest Facebook survey to give us their answer . Vote now on Facebook : What should be top U.S. foreign policy task ? The verdict : 45 % of voters said America 's post-Arab Spring policies should be the top foreign policy priority for either Barack Obama or Mitt Romney . This mirrors the week 's biggest story -- violent protests in Egypt and Libya that resulted in the storming of U.S. diplomatic buildings following the publication on YouTube of an amateur film portraying the Prophet Mohammed in a negative light . More : Facebook CNN Election Insights tool The attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi on Tuesday led to the death of U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens , and by Friday the protests had spread to at least eight other countries . Our Facebook survey also reflects lingering worries about the European debt crisis : 21 % of respondents said America 's top task should be to address the crisis that threatens to undermine the euro . Nearly one in five  18.5 %  believe sorting out relations with China should be the next president 's first order of business . But just one in 10 people see Iranian and North Korean nuclear proliferation as the top priority . More : Latest updates at CNN 's Election Center And last but not least , just one in 20 people  4.7 %  chose fighting al Qaeda as the number one foreign policy for the U.S. president -- despite the fact al Qaeda militants and associates are now fighting for influence from Mali to Pakistan . Last week 's Facebook survey  insert link  was dominated by men  75 %  , and this week even more so : four out of five  80 %  who cast votes in our foreign policy survey were male . The British cast more than a quarter  27 %  of this week 's votes , followed by the U.S.  17 %  , Egypt and the Philippines . More : Follow @CNNi and @CNNPolitics to stay in the know And , much like last week , the vast majority  62 %  of voters were aged 18 to 34 . Thanks to everyone who took part . Did you vote in this week 's Facebook survey ? If not , what would you like to vote on next week ? Leave us top tips in the comments below .	45 % on Facebook poll say post-Arab Spring policies should be top task One in five believe euro debt crisis should be America 's top priority 18.5 % think next commander-in-chief must focus first on China relations UK , U.S. and Egypt are top three participating countries in Facebook survey
CANTON , Georgia  CNN  -- Meet Kaden , bomb-sniffing dog in training . Jeff Schettler coaches handlers on how to work with detection dogs , including Kaden , far right , in the field . His name , a Gaelic word meaning "  little battle , " is fitting for the energetic 12-pound puppy with a perky tail that curls like a cinnamon bun . At 4 months old , Kaden is a playful , black - and white-coated basenji being schooled at Georgia K9 National Training Center . Once fully trained , he will assist federal and local police officers as well as private corporations in nosing out deadly explosives at schools , airports and public events . His detective skills can potentially save thousands of lives in an era where law enforcement agencies are aggressively fighting against drugs and terrorist attacks . "  Think about a scenario like the 1996 Olympic bombings , " says Kaden 's trainer Jeff Schettler , a cheery man who has coached hundreds of dogs to sniff out bombs , drugs , missing people and corpses since the mid-1990s . Demand for these detection canines -- including bomb dogs such as Kaden -- has surged as homeland security and drug crackdowns become a bigger priority for government and law enforcement . The North American Police Work Dog Association says 35,000 dogs are trained to do detective work in the U.S. . The association estimates up to 10,000 dogs have been added since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . Watch three detection puppies in action " Official records of training puppies to work as detection dogs date back to the early 1900s in the U.S. . In more recent years , police departments realized a dog 's nose was a valuable asset . Dogs possess impressive olfactory abilities -- some breeds more than others . For each drop of odor detected by a dog , the human nose would require 1,000 to 10,000 drops of odor , veterinarians say . Can your pooch be a detection dog ? " Other animals may have smelling skills that rival a dog 's , such as pigs nosing for truffles in France or honey bees that can sniff out TNT particles , but veterinarians say dogs are the most controllable and sociable for their human handlers . Police dogs remain the most affordable and reliable solution to solving crimes that require scent detection , police officers say . Trained dogs can track down cocaine camouflaged inside car seats . They can find children who have mysteriously vanished overnight . Detection dogs can even weed out pest-infested apples and oranges accidentally left in suitcases at airports . "  They are a growing aspect of law enforcement , " says Jim Watson , secretary at the North American Police Work Dog Association and a handler for decades . Earlier this month , investigators were baffled during the international manhunt for George Zinkhan , a former University of Georgia professor accused of fatally shooting his wife and two other people . Two weeks into the search , two cadaver dogs , a German shepherd named Circe and an Australian shepherd named Madison , arrived . Within 10 hours , the dogs picked up the scent of Zinkhan 's remains in a shallow pit hidden in a thick forest . Once the dogs neared the suspect 's body , they gave their handlers personalized signals . Circe barked excitedly . Madison lay down . Trainer Jeff Schettler explains Kaden is an unlikely candidate for police work . Basenjis , a breed that originated in central Africa , are usually used as hunting or show dogs . There are only two other trained police dog basenjis recorded by the North American Police Work Dog Association . Most trainers in the police dog world dislike experimenting with new dogs , preferring to stick to breeds with a proven track record . Most law enforcement agencies rely on Belgian Malinoises and German shepherds for detection work because of their protective yet friendly personalities , but labs , bloodhounds and beagles also can be used . "  We 're not trying to fix anything , " Schettler says . "  We 're trying to enhance it . " Schettler points out some of Kaden 's advantages : The dog 's weight will peak at about 25 pounds , enabling him seamlessly to sift between cramped luggage and lockers . Kaden is barkless because basenjis have an oddly shaped larynx , ideal for quiet searches . On a recent rainy Saturday morning at the Georgia K9 National Training Center , little Kaden undergoes testing . Passing the exam depends on his whiffing talents . Upon the instructor 's command , Kaden 's pencil-thin legs playfully trot along the damp grass to an oversize wall scattered with dozens of holes . His instructor has hidden black gunpowder wrapped in pantyhose in one of the holes . If Kaden 's nose sniffs out the gunpowder , he will immediately sit . Kaden begins on the left side , quickly taking a zigzag pattern from one hole to another . His pace is methodical , a sniff for each hole . Soon he slows , pauses , inhales again and then sinks his tiny hindquarters to the ground . "  What a good boy , " coo several of Kaden 's trainers , stroking his sleek fur and rewarding him with one of his favorite treats , torn bits of venison jerky . As Kaden nibbles on his treat , Schettler admits there are drawbacks to training basenjis . Basenjis do n't have a furry coat to endure cold weather like a German shepherd . Basenjis are also a highly independent , stubborn breed with personalities similar to cats , making them difficult to train . Kaden 's personality , however , is contrary to most basenjis . He was culled from a litter in Atlanta at 7 days old because of his unusual sociability with humans . "  At eight weeks , he was in the airport going up to people and running around like he owned the place , " Schettler says . Training detection dogs such as Kaden often begins during puppyhood so imprinting scent differentiation becomes innate , handlers say . Puppies are selected based on breed purity , confidence , sociability and temperament . In any training program , there are doggie dropouts . In those instances , the puppies become pets . On the job , dogs can suffer from on-site injuries , such as mild sprains and bruises . Some dogs have even been killed when a bomb explodes or buildings collapse . As police dogs age , health problems such as arthritis can send them into early retirement . A work dog 's career typically spans about seven years , instructors say . Different breeds specialize in certain detection jobs , says Joseph Morelli , a canine handler for the Connecticut State Police . Morelli says he relies on Labrador retrievers for arson cases . German shepherds at his school are saved for patrolling or drug cases . "  People are really starting to see how useful these dogs can be , " says Morelli , who has started to train dogs from neighboring states in recent years . "  We 're really seeing our program take off . "	Police dogs can nose out explosives , drugs , bodies and missing people Kaden , at 4 months old , is training to become of the the few basenjis bomb dogs Training usually begins in puppyhood so handlers can imprint skills About 35,000 police dogs work in the U.S. , group says
CNN  A winter storm ramping up in the Great Plains put the metropolitan Chicago area 's more than 9 million people under a blizzard warning Sunday , and another 65 million people are under a winter storm warning across 18 states . The storm has the Northeast in its sights next . Chicago could get as much as 15 inches of snow from the storm system , CNN meteorologist Michael Guy said . "  The streets will stay plowed and passable so people will be safe and secure , " Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel promised at a news conference Sunday . More than 350 pieces of equipment , including plows and salt spreaders , fanned out across the city , officials said . Up to a foot of snow was forecast in parts of Iowa , Illinois , Michigan and Wisconsin . Multiple winter storm warnings are in place from eastern Nebraska and South Dakota to the Plains . The storm will move east and affect major metropolitan areas such as New York City and Boston on Monday , Guy said . "  New York City could see a wintry mix of precipitation just in time for the morning commute with a possibility of sleet and ice , " and Boston will "  get another round of wintery weather with new snow accumulations from 10 to 12 inches , " he said . More than 2,000 U.S. flights were canceled Sunday , many of them in and out of Chicago , according to Flightaware.com , an online flight tracking service . "  Rain will be the problem across the southern portions of this storm system , with a possibility of scattered storms from east Texas to Mississippi Sunday as the storm moves east. , " Guy said . CNN 's Kimberly Hutcherson , Joe Sutton , and meteorologist Derek Van Dam contributed to this report	A winter storm is bringing snow , sleet and freezing rain to Plains states A foot of snow is forecast for some states and local accumulation could go higher The storm is expected to impact Northeastern Seaboard states hit by blizzard last week
Mashable  -- If there 's one more thing a true Apple fan should have on his or her desk besides an iMac and an iPhone dock , then it 's this wonderfully crafted Steve Jobs action figure . Jobs ' trademark black turtleneck , blue jeans , and  removable  rimless glasses are all there , of course , but the tiny details like the faithfully replicated New Balance 991 sneakers Steve wears make this one a real winner . Action figure Steve even has a tiny iPhone in his left hand  he 's holding it wrong , we think  , but perhaps the most amusing parts of this cute toy are the speech bubble cards that you can stick to Steve 's head and write your favorite Stevejobsian catch phrase on it . The price is $ 79.90 , but we wo n't comment on whether that 's too much for Apple 's boss , immortalized in plastic . Just let your heart decide . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Figure has Jobs ' trademark black turtleneck , blue jeans , and rimless glasses Action figure Steve even has a tiny iPhone in his left hand Price is $ 79.90 , but we wo n't comment on whether that 's too much for Apple 's boss
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- Soldiers , insurgents and bandits routinely target civilians in Somalia for rape , robbery and murder , according to an Amnesty International report released Tuesday . Somalis run through the streets of the capital , Mogadishu , on Monday to protest food prices . The report said civilians are caught in the middle as Ethiopian soldiers and troops of Somalia 's Transitional Federal Government battle remnants of the Islamic Courts Union , which the Ethiopian forces ousted in 2006 . Amnesty International , which included in its report interviews with dozens of refugees who recently fled the East African country , called for international help and pressure to end the violence . "  It was like living in constant fear , fear of RPGs -LSB- rocket-propelled grenades -RSB- that can reach you , " said Aasha , a young female refugee quoted in the report . "  If you go out on the street someone could rape you . But someone could also come in your door and slaughter you . " Read full report --  PDF Aasha said she fled the lawless capital of Mogadishu after her brother was killed when Ethiopian soldiers retaliated for a militia attack . Amnesty International said it found "  established patterns of violations of human rights and international humanitarian law including rape and unlawful killings of civilians in neighborhoods of Mogadishu by all parties to the conflict in Somalia , most notably TFG and Ethiopian forces . " The report cited an estimate that 6,000 Somali civilians were killed in 2007 and that 600,000 have become refugees because of the violence . "  Among the most common violations reported were an increased incidence of gang rape , and scores of reports of a type of killing locally referred to as ` slaughtering , ' or ` killing like goats , ' " the report said . One December slaying was described "  where a young child 's throat was slit by Ethiopian soldiers in front of the child 's mother . " "  I saw girls get raped in my neighborhood and on the streets , " said Butaaco , 30 , a refugee from Mogadishu . "  I saw people get slaughtered . I saw people killed in their houses , their bodies rotting for days . " Watch what violence is doing to Somali children and families " Amnesty International said that in many cases when Somali government and Ethiopian forces could n't find militia collaborators , then "  they beat , arrested or killed someone other than the person they were looking for . " "  In many other cases , TFG and Ethiopian forces would sweep entire streets , moving door to door , beating or shooting those they found in areas from which armed groups were believed to have launched attacks , or areas presumed to be armed group strongholds , " the report said . Civilians are "  frequently caught in indiscriminate fire " from Ethiopian snipers on top of buildings , it said . Qamaan , 44 , said a woman he knew was shot to death by Ethiopian soldiers while she sold gas at a market . "  She called her family on her cell phone ... as she lay in the street , but no one could come close enough to rescue her because of snipers , " Qamaan said . Amnesty International documented an increase in attacks by Ethiopian soldiers against civilians in November and December . These followed an incident in which bodies of Ethiopian soldiers were dragged through the streets of Mogadishu . Guled , 32 , a refugee from Mogadishu , described seeing neighbors with their throats slit and bodies left in the street . "  Some had their testicles cut off , " Guled said . He said a newlywed woman who lived next door to him was raped by more than 20 Ethiopians . "  Our main problem is communication , " Guled said . "  The men do not speak our language ; they start screaming and we ca n't tell them we do n't understand . " Hibo , 52 , a mother of 11 , said Ethiopian soldiers killed her husband and two sons after they searched the older man , found some money and took it . She said she saw the killings from a window . "  One of my sons cried out , ` Do n't take this , we do n't have anything else at home for my mother and the other children . ' One of the soldiers beat my son , and my husband responded by trying to protect him . The soldier beat my husband , and my other son grabbed onto him . The soldier took out his gun and shot him . " Amnesty International said that armed groups , including remnants of the Islamic Courts Union , act "  as bandits , perpetrating raids , robberies and other abuses against civilians , including rape and other forms of sexual violence . " Refugees said the militias are not usually visible , but they launch hit-and-run attacks on the Somali government and Ethiopian forces . Those forces respond with artillery fire , frequently destroying entire neighborhoods . The crisis is compounded by threats and attacks on human rights workers and journalists who try to stop the violence , the report said . "  I could n't tell who to beware of and careful of -- the Ethiopians , the TFG or local national resistance groups , " said Bilan , a journalist with Radio Simba . Even those who flee Mogadishu for temporary refugee camps in Kenya or Somaliland -- a self-declared independent region to the north -- are targeted by bandits and soldiers , the report said . "  On the road from Mogadishu , there are robbers who come and take your money or just fire directly at the buses , " one female refugee said . "  Sometimes there are roadblocks where they stop and ask you for money . If you do n't stop , they will kill you . " Haboon , 56 , said Ethiopian soldiers abused people with whom she was fleeing the country . "  If the girls were pretty , they would try their best to take them from you , " Haboon said . "  I was trying my best to cover the girls so they would n't see them . " The report said refugees arrive at temporary settlements with nothing but the clothes they wear , robbed of all money and possessions . Amnesty International said the recognized government of Somalia "  bears the primary responsibility for protecting the human rights of the Somali people . "  However , the Ethiopian military , which is taking a leading role in backing the TFG , also bears responsibility , " it said . "  Attacks on civilians by all parties must stop immediately , " the report said . "  Also , the international community must bear its own responsibility for not putting consistent pressure on the TFG or the Ethiopian government to stop their armed forces from committing egregious human rights violations . " Zembkun Tekle , a spokesman for Ethiopia 's minister of information , said , "  We are not confident on the report that Amnesty is giving . "  They should be careful and need to see the facts on the ground , " Tekle said . "  They should make every effort to include -LSB- the -RSB- other side of the story . " He said , "  Our forces are not known for robbery and other problems that are facing the Somali people . "  They are known for their discipline and -LSB- known -RSB- for their good relations to the public . " Amnesty International called for the United Nations to beef up its Political Office for Somalia . It also urged the African Union 's mission in Somalia be given a mandate "  to protect civilians and include a strong human rights component with the capacity to investigate human rights violations . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Amnesty International finds "  established patterns of violations of human rights " Civilians are "  frequently caught in indiscriminate fire " from Ethiopian snipers Report cites estimate that 6,000 Somali civilians were killed in 2007 Ethiopian official : "  We are not confident on the report "
CNN  -- Once upon a time , Ronald Reagan said , "  Thou shalt not speak ill of any fellow Republican . " Today , it 's not only socially acceptable to attack your conservative peers , but it has actually become part of campaign strategy . Identify someone who represents a minority view within the GOP , tear him or her to shreds and hope that it establishes you as a voice of the mainstream . It 's all very survival of the fittest , very Ayn Rand . But is Gov. Rick Perry of Texas really fitter than Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky ? Certainly not intellectually . On Friday , Perry wrote an op-ed for The Washington Post attacking the "  isolationism " of Paul and the libertarian right . He argued it overlooks the specific threat posed by ISIS in Iraq , a group that is "  well-trained , technologically sophisticated and adept at recruitment , with thousands of people with European passports fighting on its side , as well as some Americans . " More generally , Perry stated that an isolationist stance is naive about national security and quoted St. Ronald Reagan to prove it . He concluded that not only is Paul no Reagan but , even worse , his approach to foreign policy is reminiscent of President Barack Obama 's . Of course , all of this is nonsense . Perry vs. Paul : Round two As Paul wrote for Politico on Monday in reply , he is not an isolationist . He is an anti-interventionist of a nuanced variety , one who has floated the possibility of using airstrikes against ISIS . The comparison with Obama is inappropriate because Paul is not in favor of constantly setting red lines that he later forgets exist when it becomes potentially painful to enforce them . Also , Paul 's foreign policy is practically defined by opposition to Obama 's big government , security-state operation , so drawing similarities between the two is bizarre . Finally , it is very strange that Perry cites Reagan as an exemplar of interventionism without giving any example of him intervening . At best , there was Grenada in 1983 -- a brief invasion of a Caribbean island where the opposition was a handful of local Marxists  "  A lovely little war , " one correspondent called it  . At worst , there was the Iran-Contra , arms-for-hostages scandal  illegal in most people 's opinion  . Or Lebanon , where a deadly terrorist attack on a Marine Corps barracks eventually led to the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country . On the whole , Reagan was in favor of political confrontation with superpowers or wars by proxy but rarely had the stomach for putting U.S. boots on the ground . His instinctive caution was far closer to Paul 's than Perry 's "  Remember the Alamo ! " nationalism . But Perry 's attack on Paul is obviously tactical . He has noticed that a lot of hawkish Republicans are furious with Paul , so he has decided to leverage himself some media attention and political support by going on the offensive . The strategy is as transparent as the lenses in his new glasses -- presumably a PR guy 's bright idea that they might erode memories of him forgetting his lines in the 2012 Republican primaries and convince people that he 's smarter than they first thought . Alas , although he now looks like Clark Kent , we 've yet to see any evidence that he 'll turn into Superman . The debate between these two men is distracting because one senses that neither will be their party 's nominee in 2016 . Perry because , whatever his accomplishments as a governor , he comes across on the national stage as shallow . Paul because he is too philosophical and can be too easily labeled a maverick libertarian . This is a pity because there 's actually plenty of evidence that Paul 's libertarianism is far more complex than his father 's , as demonstrated by his emergence as a cheerleader for Israel . Nevertheless , he faces months to come of responding to attacks like these . All of which suggests that the Republicans are in danger of forgetting who their real enemy is : the Democratic Party . Fascinating though these intellectual back-and-forths are , they contribute to the impression that the Republicans are cracking up as they obsessively strive for an official conservative ideological purity that they will never actually discover -- because it does n't exist . Conservatism is traditionally about a spirit or an approach to governing , not a list of commandments that must be defined every four years in an internal party spat that has all the ferocity and counting of angels on a pinhead of a religious war . Rick Perry may believe he is helping himself with this assault on Rand Paul , but is he helping the GOP ? Someone should remind him of Reagan 's advice on how to treat fellow Republicans .	Timothy Stanley : Rick Perry , Rand Paul spar in op-eds , break Reagan 's no-attack rule He says Perry off-base in attack on Paul as isolationist with a foreign policy like Obama 's Stanley : Perry touts Reagan 's approach , but Reagan tended to avoid confrontation Stanley : Paul , Perry not likely GOP 's 2016 candidate ; dust-up only makes GOP look fractured
CNN  -- Mobile devices often get accused of alienating people from the world around them . But for U.S. teens , cell phones  especially text messaging  are a key way to stay connected with friends and other people in their lives , according to new research from the Pew Internet & American Life Project . Pew found that 63 % of all teens say they exchange text messages every day with people in their lives , including their parents . Also , nearly half of all teens send and receive text messages with friends daily . In contrast , 28 % teens say they never text their friends -- but then , 23 % of teens do n't have a cell phone at all . For teens , cell phones appear to correlate with social privilege . Nearly 90 % of older teens  aged 14-17  have a cell phone , while just under 60 % of 12 - to 13-year-olds have a cell phone . White teens are most likely to have a cell phone  81 %  , vs. 72 % of black teens and 63 % of Hispanic teens . More than 90 % of teens from households earning $ 75,000 or more annually have a cell phone , compared with 62 % of teens from households earning less than $ 30,000 per year . Also , teens who live in the suburbs or whose parents graduated from college are most likely to have a cell phone . Only about one in four U.S. teens currently uses a smartphone , says Pew , in contrast to about 46 % of U.S. adults . Interestingly , Pew found that smartphone-using teens are slightly less likely than teens with simpler feature phones to have recently used a computer to access the Internet . However , teens with smartphones also are "  substantially more likely than other teens to have used a tablet computer to go online in the last 30 days . " Teen girls  78 %  slightly outnumber teen boys  78 %  for cell phone ownership . And older teen girls tend to send and receive the most texts : a median of 100 per day . That said , teen boys now send 60 % more texts daily than they did in 2009 . Just over one-third of all parents of cell phone-using teens report using parental controls to help them manage their kids ' cell phone use . These controls can include limits on which websites they can access , which apps they can download and limits on the amount or hours of texting . If their teens have simpler feature phones  rather than smartphones  , parents are more likely to enable these controls . What are n't teens doing with their cell phones ? E-mail and instant messaging , which lag in popularity behind texting . "  Increasingly , teens do not have the capability or the interest in exchanging instant messages or exchanging e-mail , " Pew notes . "  Nearly two in five teens say they never or can not exchange instant messaging , and another 39 % of teens say they never exchange e-mail . "	Pew study : 63 % of teens say they exchange text messages every day Study finds that 39 % of teens say they never exchange e-mail More than 90 % of teens from households earning $ 75,000 or more have a cell phone
CNN  -- The letter is signed "  cordially " but students who received the instruction to stop handing out condoms on campus say they were taken aback by demands they feel could go as far as threatening their rights . Various dorm rooms at Boston College in Chestnut Hill , Massachusetts , have a "  Safe Site " symbol on their door . That signifies that inside are male and female condoms , personal lubricant and safer sex information , according to BC Students for Sexual Health . "  If you are in need of condoms , you may knock  on  one of these doors and just ask ! " the group 's website says . Lizzie Jekanowski , chair of BCSSH , told CNN that the college has always been aware of the group 's activities . "  We 've had a positive and open relationship with the administration up to this point , " she said . But earlier this month , college administrators sent letters to students whose dorm room doors have the logo saying that distributing condoms on campus "  is not in concert with the mission of Boston College as a Catholic and Jesuit university . " "  Should we receive any reports that you are , in fact , distributing condoms on campus , the matter would be referred to the student conduct office for disciplinary action by the University , " concluded the letter sent by dean of students Paul J. Chebator and director of residence life George Arey . "  Private universities have the right to set their own policies and to discipline students who violate their policies . The distribution of condoms is incongruent with the university 's values and traditions , " Jack Dunn , spokesman for Boston College , told CNN on Wednesday . "  The university has commitments to uphold in regards to Catholic social teaching . Students are aware of that when they enroll here . This is a group of students who are trying to challenge those commitments in a very public manner , " he said . The BCSSH group is not recognized by the university and gets its funding elsewhere . It claims to be the only resource on the Boston College campus that provides free sexual health programming , information and physical resources for students -- mostly from dorm rooms . Every three to four weeks , the organization also hands out condoms on public sidewalks , which is what the university so vehemently opposes . Dunn said the college administration reached out repeatedly but unsuccessfully about the matter but Jekanowski said the "  abrupt e-mail " was the first warning . "  It 's disappointing that they sent a very threatening letter to individuals that are stepping up and providing resources to students that Boston College is not , " Jekanowski said . The group 's next stop was to check in with the local branch of the American Civil Liberties Union , which said Boston College could be violating the rights of students by threatening disciplinary action against them . "  While Boston College is religiously affiliated it 's not a church , " Sarah Wunsch , an attorney at ACLU of Massachusetts told CNN . "  The religious freedom is that they can speak out ; they can express their values and views and can try to persuade people of them , but not to the extent of punishing those who have a different view of contraception , " she said . For now , Jekanowski is hoping to be able to sort things out with the college . But if a legal resolution was sought , one expert says Boston College has a strong case . "  I think it 's one thing if it 's off-campus . But on campus grounds , I suspect that the university is on firm legal footing there . It does have the right to set its own policies , " Sunny Hostin , CNN legal contributor said . "  You ca n't force a private institution to allow that , " she said . Boston College is a private university , founded in 1863 , that is "  committed to maintaining , and strengthening the Jesuit , Catholic mission of the University , " according to the school 's website . A total of 14,600 students are enrolled .	Student group providing contraception says it offers a service Boston College does not But the college says they 're challenging its Catholic and Jesuit traditions The ACLU is now involved , and believes students ' rights could be being violated
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban and the government of North West Frontier Province in Pakistan have agreed to a permanent cease-fire in the nation 's volatile Swat Valley , an official said . Girls study this week in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . Education for girls is an issue in peace talks there . Syed Mohammad Javed , commissioner for the Malakand region , which includes Swat Valley , told reporters in Mingora that the two parties had agreed to make permanent a 10-day cease-fire declared earlier this week . Javed said the agreement meant boys schools will reopen on Monday and camps will be set up for Swat residents who have fled the fighting or whose homes had been destroyed . The agreement comes as part of ongoing talks between Sufi Mohammad , a pro-Taliban cleric , and his son-in-law Maulana Fazlullah , the Taliban commander in Swat . Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan confirmed the cease-fire . However , Fazlullah spoke on the radio Saturday , saying although the commissioner announced a permanent cease-fire , the Taliban will meet again after the 10-day truce expires and decide whether it will be extended . Earlier this week , Pakistani government officials announced they had agreed with the Taliban to allow strict Islamic law , or Sharia , to be implemented in the entire Malakand Division . Watch what sharia law requires " It marked a major concession by the Pakistani government in its attempt to hold off Taliban militants who have terrorized the region with beheadings , kidnappings , and the destruction of girls ' schools . The fighting has displaced nearly half of Swat 's population , according to government sources . Fazlullah said Saturday the implementation of sharia law was very important for peace . Like Javed , he said schools for boys will be opened soon . He said he was not against education of girls , but against the syllabus of their education . The issue of education for girls was still under discussion , Javed said . Nearly 8,000 people died as a result of militant-related violence in Pakistan in 2008 , according to the Pakistan Institute of Peace Studies . On Saturday , a NATO oil tanker truck was the target of a roadside bombing on its way to Afghanistan . One one person was killed , a local official said . Two other people were wounded in the attack Saturday morning in the Landi Kotal area of Khyber Agency , one of seven semi-autonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border , said the official , with the Khyber Agency political agent 's office .	Government , militants agree to make 10-day cease-fire permanent Establishment of strict Islamic law is key to agreement School for boys to reopen soon ; education of girls still up in the air On radio , Taliban spokesman suggests cease-fire not a done deal
CNN  -- Ghana , the four time champion of the African Cup of Nations , took a giant step towards qualifying for the quarterfinals following a 1-0 win over Mali in South Africa Thursday . Mubarak Wakaso 's 38th minute penalty was enough to separate the two teams in a game which the Black Stars dominated . But the contest could have turned out in a very diferent fashion had Ghana goalkeeper Fatau Dauda been sent off for deliberately handling the ball outside of his penalty area . Mourinho mentors Cape Verde 's ` Special One ' The incident occurred with just eight minutes played in Port Elizabeth when Dauda clearly used his hands to field the ball and deny Mali a clear effort on goal . The referee remarkably only produced a yellow card , a decision which was later criticized by Mali coach Patrice Carteron . He told reporters : "  The referee did not help us because he ought to have sent off the Ghana goalkeeper rather than just booking him for handling the ball outside his area . "  Ghana was better , especially in the first half , but we still have a game to qualify for the next round and so we will forget this match and focus on our next game . " After the early let-off , Ghana began to assert itself and came close to taking the lead when Emmanuel Agyeman Badu crashed a header against the post . Africa Cup of Nations 2013 : The teams But Ghana did n't have to wait long for the breakthrough as Wakaso stroked home from the spot following Adam Tamboura 's foul on Agyeman Badu . Mali tried to force an equalizer after the break and Seydou Keita came close to connecting with Mahamane Traore 's pass , but Ghana held out for the points . "  We were much more tactically disciplined in this game than against DR Congo , but I know we can do a lot better than we did today , " Ghana coach Kwesi Appiah told reporters . Captain Asamoah Gyan added : "  It was a difficult game . We needed to win and now we have four points , but we need more to qualify to the next stage and so we will not underrate Niger . " The result leaves Ghana at the top of Group B on four points from its two games , one point clear of Mali going into the final round of games . In the day 's other game , Niger held on for its first ever point at the Africa Cup of Nations after holding Democratic Republic of Congo to a goalless draw . "  With such great players from Niger , you can only be proud of them , " Niger coach Gernot Rohr told reporters . "  I 'm very happy we have made some kind of history by collecting our first Cup of Nations point . We have made some progress in this competition after losing all three matches in Gabon last year . " Niger 's Modibo Sidibe wasted his side 's best chance on 10 minutes when he ran clear on goal only to fire his effort against the base of the post . Fuad Ibrahim eyes Africa Cup of Nations chance Dieumerci Mbokani went close for the Leopards , having his fierce effort well saved by Niger goalkeeper Daouda Kassaly . West Bromwich Albion midfielder Youssouf Mulumbu then fired wide as Democratic Republic of Congo continued to pile on the pressure . Niger 's Kassaly continued to keep his side in the contest with a couple of outstanding saves , while at the other end , Moussa Maazou went close with a header . Ghana , which last won the competition in 1982 , will face Niger in its final group game on Monday with Mali taking on Democratic Republic of Congo .	Ghana defeats Mali 1-0 in Port Elizabeth to top Group B Mubarak Wakaso scores winner from the penalty spot for the Black Stars Niger hold Democratic Republic of Congo to goalless draw Ghana leads table from Mali with one group game remaining
The government mental hospital where John Hinckley Jr. has spent most of the last 30 years since he shot and tried to kill President Ronald Reagan is asking a federal court to allow Hinckley 's eventual release to live with or near his aging mother in Williamsburg , Virginia . The prosecution , in its own filing with the court on Friday , described Hinckley as "  a man capable of great violence " and said his mental condition has not improved to the point of eliminating concerns "  that this violence may be repeated . " U.S. District Judge Paul Friedman has scheduled up to a week of court hearings on the issue to start November 28 , the Monday after Thanksgiving . Hinckley is now 56 . He was committed to St. Elizabeths Hospital in 1982 after a jury found him innocent by reason of insanity in the shooting of President Reagan and three others , including the president 's severely wounded press secretary , James Brady . The hospital 's lawyers and doctors filed their motion under seal , withheld from the public , when they asked at the end of this past July that Hinckley eventually be placed on "  convalescent leave . " But government lawyers quoted the hospital 's proposal , making it part of the court 's public record , in their response Friday in opposing his release . The day that changed presidential security forever According to the government , the hospital has asked first for a series of extended visits to Williamsburg and then , "  it be given the sole discretion to place Hinckley on convalescent leave in his mother 's hometown . " His widowed mother , Jo Ann Hinckley , is now 85 . She lives in a gated resort development not far from the James River in Williamsburg . Hinckley has been allowed several visits with her for up to a week and a half at a time over the last couple of years . But he has been required to carry a GPS tracking device when away from the house and the Secret Service has kept watch on his movements . That surveillance would be loosened under the hospital 's proposal . Gallery : The attack on Ronald Reagan Under the hospital 's current proposal , Hinckley would be permitted eight longer visits to Williamsburg , the first two for 17 days each , the rest for 24 days each . After that , the prosecution filing said , the hospital wants to release Hinckley on leave "  without any further review " by the court . Hinckley was a college dropout , drifting around the country , living off his family 's money , when he waited for President Reagan to walk out of a Washington hotel where he had been speaking on March 30 , 1981 . Hinckley emptied his six-shot .22 revolver at the president . He wounded Brady , a policeman and a Secret Service agent before his last shot ricocheted off the president 's armor-plated limousine and struck Reagan beneath his left armpit as he was being shoved into the car by other agents . The bullet penetrated within an inch of the president 's heart . One lung flooded with blood . Reagan lost half his body 's blood supply . Doctors said that had the Secret Service not rushed the president to a nearby hospital as quickly as they did , he might well have died . Brady suffered a serious brain injury and never was able to return to his White House duties . In his hotel room that day , Hinckley left behind a letter addressed to child actress Jodie Foster , with whom he was infatuated . It began : "  There is a definite possibility that I may be killed in my attempt to get Reagan . " Hinckley wrote he was doing this to try to win her love . Foster would later say she did n't even know who Hinckley was . A federal judge committed Hinckley to St. Elizabeths Hospital after a jury found him not guilty by reason of insanity in the spring of 1982 . Doctors have told the court in previous hearings that Hinckley 's mental problems are in remission . Government lawyers disputed that in their latest filing , saying : "  There is recent evidence of deception toward his treating physicians as well as narcissism , both of which are significant risk factors for future violence . "	Hospital requests longer visits to Virginia , then convalescent leave Government argues he is still "  capable of great violence " Man was committed in 1982 after shooting Reagan , 3 others Judge to hold hearings in late November
CNN  -- It takes a disaster to remind us how much we depend on our local and state governments . In the middle of a presidential campaign , Hurricane Sandy has put Barack Obama and Mitt Romney on the sidelines , reminding us how much we count on mayors and governors to protect us , to rescue us and to keep our streets , buses , subways , airports and commuter rails running . After a season of debates about the deficit , taxes and health care , Americans have discovered that they can not survive without government : to provide clean water , reliable transportation systems , and emergency services when floods , fires and power outages force them to abandon their homes . Hurricane Sandy even demonstrated that sometimes politicians should do more than what we want , especially when they are trying to save us from ourselves . When New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ordered everyone out of Atlantic City , most residents ignored his request . And when New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , three days before Hurricane Sandy landed , activated the city 's storm plan and issued an evacuation order for the city 's high-risk Zone A floodplain , many observers thought he was over-preparing , like a grandmother urging you to wear galoshes in the rain . Opinion : Do n't let superstorm sway your vote Next time , evacuation orders will not be dismissed as examples of the "  nanny state . " Hurricane Sandy did not just erode beachfronts ; it also eroded partisan political differences . How else can one explain Gov. Christie 's warm and gracious comments about Obama after the president did far more than what was required when he suggested that the New Jersey Republican personally call him if he needed any help with federal agencies . Disasters never go away . They become part of our culture , providing stories of danger and heroism that we share with our children and their children . Disasters take neighbors and make them friends . New Yorkers , widely considered to be tough and selfish , are suddenly eager to share cellphones , drink beer with strangers at their local bars , and to cook meals at home -- since without subways there is no way to go out for dinner and get home easily . There is one simple lesson we can learn from Hurricane Sandy : We can not ignore the essential infrastructure that moves people , information and goods . How you can help These systems are under the control of mayors and governors -- not presidents , senators or members of Congress . More than two-thirds of the funds spent on transportation come from states and localities , not from the federal government . And with today 's current emphasis on cutting the federal deficit , states will need to do more since the federal government is clearly in retreat , at home and overseas . It is not sufficient to have a smartphone or an iPad if we do not have resilient , robust networks that can function when we need them most , like in a disaster . It is not sufficient to have a home , if there is no power to run appliances and water to drink and cook with . And , what good is a job if you can not get to work -- whether by car , train , bus or plane ? New York has a subway system that is more than a century old . Our nation 's airports control our airspace with obsolete technologies , needlessly adding to delays and pollution . And our commuter railroads rely on railroad bridges that are well beyond their shelf life . Disaster relief : Obama , Romney differ on federal role Hurricane Sandy is not over . The damage is still being assessed . The recovery is going to be slower than we anticipate . And the losses are beyond measurement . Homes destroyed , beaches reconfigured , boardwalks that can not be replaced , and memories that can not be renewed . But we can recognize the vital need to invest in the future : to take steps now to minimize similar disasters . We can not eliminate the power of ocean currents and wind and storms , but we can do more to invest in stronger , safer transportation systems that can diminish the disruptions caused by the next hurricane . Sandy certainly wo n't be the last of the destructive storms we encounter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mitchell L. Moss .	Mitchell Moss : Disaster reminds us how much we rely on our local governments Moss : Hurricane Sandy has put President Obama and Mitt Romney on the sidelines He says the storm also teaches us that we ca n't ignore essential infrastructures Moss : We have to invest in the future by taking steps now to minimize similar disasters
A Connecticut judge has ordered the release of 911 calls from the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting , according to court documents obtained by CNN . Connecticut Superior Court Judge Eliot Prescott 's ruling upholds a decision by the Connecticut Freedom of Information Commission to release the calls related to the December 2012 shooting . In doing so , the judge denied an application from State Attorney Stephen Sedensky to stay the commission 's decision . In his ruling , Prescott grants "  the plaintiff and Newtown respondents a short period of time to attempt to obtain appellate relief from this decision . " If no higher court grants the appeal , the 911 audio recordings will be released on December 4 at 2 p.m. ET . The massacre at Sandy Hook left 26 people dead , including 20 children , making it the second-deadliest shooting in U.S. history . The gunman , Adam Lanza , shot himself at the end of his 11-minute rampage . The killings in Newtown , about 60 miles outside New York , happened less than five months after a similar bloodbath at a movie theater in Aurora , Colorado , outside Denver . Those mass slayings triggered a nationwide debate over gun violence , school safety and mental health , a debate that produced some new restrictions on firearms in several states . A backlash against those laws by gun-rights advocates followed , and there was only limited action on a federal level after a Republican filibuster blocked expanded background checks for gun buyers . Sandy Hook killer took motive to his grave	If no higher court grants an appeal , the recordings will be released on December 4 The 2012 shooting left 26 people dead , including 20 children It 's the second-deadliest shooting in U.S. history
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Seventh graders at Ron Clark Academy became an overnight sensation during the presidential election when their YouTube performance of "  You Can Vote However You Like " catapulted them to online stardom . "  The higher the expectations , the higher the results , " says Ron Clark , seen here with his students . Now , their creative and scholastic talents have proved the students to be more than just "  one hit wonders . " Academy students showcased their poetry and writings for CNN 's documentary "  Black in America 2 , " hosted by Soledad O'Brien . Cultivating student creativity is just one of the goals of academy founder Ron Clark , an enigmatic educator known for his unconventional teaching methods . Under his strict tutelage , students at Ron Clark -- who are predominantly African-American -- are expected to excel in all subjects and maintain a high standard of respect for their peers and teachers . "  I 'm teaching an eighth-grade curriculum to fifth-graders , " says Clark . "  Some people say my expectations of the kids , academically , is too high , but the higher the expectations , the higher the results . " But with high academic expectations come an equally high quotient for fun . It 's become one of Clark 's trademarks : singing and dancing to popular rap and R&B songs during class to get the kids engaged . "  My first day at Ron Clark Academy , I thought all the teachers were psychopaths , " says seventh-grader Jai Springs . "  I thought Ron Clark was going crazy . He was up in front of the kids on desks , he was dancing . ... I never saw a teacher get up on a desk and dance . But now I 'm used to it , so I get up on the desk and dance too , " says Jai . Clark , formerly a schoolteacher from South Carolina , founded the academy with money he earned from his book titled The Essential 55 , which detail Clark 's 55 golden rules for success -- in and out of the classroom . Clark was invited to be a guest on the Oprah Winfrey show after winning Disney Teacher of the Year Award in 2001 . Oprah believed so much in the well-mannered Southern school teacher from South Carolina that she encouraged him to write the book . Later she promoted The Essential 55 on her show , prompting it 's ascension to New York Times bestseller list . Together with co-founder Kim Bearden , Clark transformed a decaying factory in a rough part of Atlanta , Georgia , into a state-of-the-art educational model for middle schools across the country . Soon after the school opened its doors in 2008 , a Christmas package from Winfrey arrived for Clark in the form of a $ 365,000 grant , or "  a thousand dollars for each day of the year , " as Oprah referred to it in the letter . Then came the elections , with a tight presidential race between Sens. Barack Obama of Illinois and John McCain of Arizona . Inspired by rapper T.I. 's hit song "  Whatever You Like , " Clark 's seventh grade class penned their own lyrics and dance moves . The students ' performance carried a message : Cast your ballot because you support a candidate 's policies rather than just his skin color . When they perform the song , half the seventh grade class touts the virtues of GOP 's McCain while the other half root for Democrat Obama : "  Obama on the left . McCain on the right . We can talk politics all night . And you can vote however you like . " The students "  can talk politics with the best of them , " says Clark . Video clips of the kids performing have garnered over 15 million hits on YouTube . "  We got lots of media attention . But when the media arrived to the school they realized the song is not the story , it 's the kids , " says Clark . One of Clark 's credos is teaching a "  global curriculum " with a heavy emphasis on current events . Himself an avid world traveler , Clark believes it 's essential for his students to travel to other countries to develop an understanding and appreciation of the world in which they live . Through Delta 's corporate sponsorship of the school , administrators have been able to send all 100 of their fifth to eighth grade students abroad before they graduate . "  I 'm not nearly as shy as I used to be , " says seventh-grader Chi Chi Kasarachi after her first year at the academy . "  My knowledge of the world has improved , I know more about what 's going on in other countries and I 'm more curious about things . ... I 'm just hungry for knowledge , " says Chi Chi . In fact , the students at Ron Clark Academy are better versed in current events and politics than many adults . "  I never thought I 'd be interested in watching the news , " says seventh-grader Osei Avril . "  Now I find it interesting because I have learned the stories behind the news , " he says . Osei -- who pronounces Iranian President Ahmadinajad 's name perfectly -- says he 's interested in learning about world issues such as the Iranian elections , the Taliban in Pakistan , and the Palestinian - Israeli conflict . "  At the beginning , " says Clark , "  the kids will say something like ` I 've been to East Point -LSB- a suburb of South Atlanta -RSB- . After a few years they 've been to Kenya , Japan , or South Africa , or England . ... They 've become very comfortable with understanding the country and understanding themselves . " But it 's not just the travel or even the singing and dancing to rap music that make the school so special , say the students . It 's the academy teachers ' creative ways of instilling education , solid values , and a passion for learning . "  They want you to pass the people at the top , " says Jai . "  To be at the top nonstop , be at your fullest , to be creative , to think out of the box . " But school is n't all fun and games , she says . Clark is a strict disciplinarian that expects -- and enforces -- model behavior from all of the students . "  I love Mr. Clark with all my heart , he 's like a father to me , " says Chi Chi . "  He might fuss a lot , but I know he 's doing it for our own good . "	Ron Clark Academy students ' '08 YouTube rap performance got millions of hits Clark teaches "  global curriculum " with heavy emphasis on current events "  I 'm teaching an eigthth-grade curriculum to fifth graders , " says Clark Student : "  My knowledge of the world has improved . ... I 'm hungry for knowledge "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's father filed a wrongful death lawsuit in federal court against Dr. Conrad Murray on Friday , the anniversary of the pop star 's death , Joe Jackson 's lawyer said . The suit alleges that Murray gave paramedics and doctors false information about the "  polypharmacy " of drugs Michael Jackson had been given and hindered efforts to revive him in an ambulance and at UCLA Medical Center , according to a copy obtained by CNN . The suit said that "  other parties responsible for Michael Jackson 's death " would be added but that the plaintiff "  has not yet gathered sufficient information regarding their potential liability or responsibility . " A complaint filed by Joe Jackson with the California medical board this month also named AEG , the company that was producing his son 's comeback concerts . Murray was hired to serve as Jackson 's personal doctor two months before the London debut of the concerts were set . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Michael Jackson 's death was caused by an overdose of propofol , a powerful anesthesia that Murray has acknowledged the pop star used to help him sleep . Joe Jackson attorney Brian Oxman obtained a court order this year giving him medical records from UCLA Medical Center , where Michael Jackson died on June 25 , 2009 . The suit also alleges that Murray delayed calling for paramedics for over an hour , after he found Jackson not breathing minutes after he injected him with propofol to help him fall asleep . The suit contends that Murray used the time to hide evidence of drugs he had been giving Jackson . When the ambulance carrying Michael Jackson from his home arrived at the emergency room at 1:13 p.m. , he was identified as "  Soule Shaun , " the suit said . He had "  no pulse , blood pressure , spontaneous respiration or heartbeat , " it said . Murray , who had taken over control of resuscitation efforts from paramedics , said nothing to emergency room doctors about the propofol or "  other drugs " he had given Michael Jackson earlier in the day , it said . It quoted a report written the next day by one of those doctors , who wrote that Murray told them "  the patient had been working long hours but had not been ill . " "  The only reported medications reported for the patient were valium and Flomax , " Dr. Richelle Cooper wrote . "  There is no history of drug use by the patient as reported by Dr. Murray . " A police report said Murray told investigators two days later that "  he was afraid Michael Jackson was addicted to propofol . " "  He had a history of addiction , and the defendant was trying to wean him off the drugs , yet he told Dr. Cooper two days earlier that Michael Jackson had no drug use history , " the suit said . The toxicology results included in the autopsy report said the propofol level found in Michael Jackson 's body was equal to what would be used to sedate a patient for major surgery . Murray , who has been charged with involuntary manslaughter in Michael Jackson 's death , did not give him that much of the anesthesia , his defense lawyer said recently . "  There is no way that Dr. Murray pumped Michael Jackson full of propofol sufficient for major surgery , " attorney Ed Chernoff said . "  No way . I would stake anything that I own on this fact . " The lawsuit contends that Jackson showed "  neurological , pulmonary , and amnesia signs " in his final weeks as he rehearsed in Los Angeles for the London shows . It said Jackson borrowed jackets from others and used a heater at rehearsals "  to control the shivering . " "  In May and June , 2009 , Michael Jackson was confused , easily frightened , unable to remember , obsessive , and disoriented , " the suit said . "  He has impaired memory , a loss of appetite , and absence of energy . He was cold and shivering during the summer rehearsals for his show , and as shown in photographs and motion pictures of him , he uncharacteristically wore heavy clothing during the rehearsals , while other dancers wore scant clothing and were perspiring from the heat . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Wrongful death suit filed in federal court Friday Suit alleges Dr. Conrad Murray gave emergency room false information "  Other parties " to be added to suit later , document says Jackson was admitted to hospital as "  Soule Shaun "
CNN  -- Chelsea stunned titleholders Barcelona with a 1-0 victory in the first leg of their European Champions League semifinal on Wednesday Ivory Coast international Didier Drogba scored the only goal of the game late in first-half injury time at a rain-swept Stamford Bridge in west London thanks to a rare mistake by Barcelona 's Lionel Messi . After watching Spanish league leaders Real Madrid lose to Bayern Munich the night before , Barcelona had hoped to avoid any slip-ups as they attempted to defend their title . And the game appeared to be going their way as they dominated possession with Messi creating chances whenever he got on the ball . But the visitors were profligate in front of goal with Cesc Fabregas particularly guilty , the Spain international missing a hat-trick of clear-cut chances . As halftime approached Chelsea grew in confidence having weathered the initial storm and took a shock lead with the very last kick of the opening period . Messi 's rare lapse in concentration allowed Brazilian midfielder Ramires to career down the left wing . With few options in front of him Ramires fired a low ball across the penalty box which eluded Barcelona 's defense before somehow finding Drogba lurking at the back post . Barcelona goalkeeper Victor Valdes could do little but palm the striker 's first-time shot into the back of the net . Despite Barcelona experiencing the rare feeling of being behind at halftime , it was Chelsea that grew more comfortable as the game progressed , snuffing out the Catalan club 's attacks with increasing confidence . Yet deep in injury time Barcelona could have leveled the tie and score a crucial away goal , but substitute Pedro hit the post with his low curling shot and Sergio Busquets blazed the rebound over the bar . Chelsea -- controversially knocked out of the competition by a late Barcelona goal in 2009 on the same ground -- held on for a famous victory . "  It was a great result . When you play Barcelona you have to do a lot of defending , just try and limit their threat and be clinical with your chances , " Chelsea 's interim coach Roberto Di Matteo told British network ITV . And clinical they were . Drogba 's goal turned out to be Chelsea 's only shot on target in a game where Barcelona enjoyed the majority of possession : Chelsea completed 194 passes while Barcelona managed 782 , almost four times as many . Yet the one statistic that counts is the score and for those that played in the last Chelsea-Barcelona Champions League semifinal in 2009 -- where Chelsea had five clear penalty claims turned down before an injury-time Andres Iniesta goal clinched their place in the final -- the victory was sweet revenge . "  I think we 've learned , we 've improved from three years ago . Now we 're going to go there , have a go and try to qualify  for the final  , " said Drogba . Now attention turns to the second leg at Barcelona 's Nou Camp . "  It 's going to be tough there , " admitted Drogba . "  They will have opportunities . We respect them . But we 're not in awe of them . "	Chelsea beat Barcelona 1-0 in the Champions League semifinal first leg Didier Drogba scores the game 's only goal in counter-attack on halftime Dream of a Real Madrid-Barca final in Munich is fading after both clubs ' defeats Real beaten 2-1 by Bayern Munich in Germany on Tuesday
CNN  -- Kaitlyn Hunt 's supporters say she is being prosecuted because she was in a sexual relationship with someone of the same sex . Authorities say it is n't a gay rights issue at all , but rather a simple case of an adult inappropriately involved with a minor . As public outrage mounts , fueled by Internet activism , 18-year-old Hunt has until Friday to decide whether she 'll accept a plea deal or go to trial for her relationship with a 14-year-old schoolmate . Hunt is charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery in the relationship that the young woman and her parents say was consensual . The students attended Sebastian River High School in Sebastian , Florida , While some of the 150,000 people signing an online petition asking prosecutors to drop the case have suggested that it 's being handled differently because it involves a same-sex relationship , Indian River County Sheriff Deryl Loar said that has nothing to do with it . "  If this was an 18-year-old male and that was a 14-year-old girl , it would have been prosecuted the same way , " he said . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin concurs , saying whether the people involved are same-sex or opposite-sex , the legal issues are the same . "  A kid , a child under the age of 16 , can not consent to having sexual relations with an 18-year-old , an adult under the eyes of the law , " she said . "  And that really is all this case comes down to when you look at it legally . " The Indian River State Attorney 's Office has offered a plea deal that would reduce the charges to third-degree child abuse . As part of the package , she would get a year of probation and two years of monitoring , meaning she would have to wear an ankle bracelet . It would be up to a judge to decide if she would be labeled a felon as she moves forward in life . Her lawyer , Julia Graves , is asking that "  common sense " prevail and that the charges be reduced to a misdemeanor . "  This is a life sentence for behavior that is all too common , whether male , female , gay , straight , " Graves said at a Wednesday news conference . "  High school relationships may be fleeting , but felony convictions are forever . " Charles Sullivan , an attorney for the 14-year-old , told CNN affiliate WPTV that the plea deal is fair . "  It takes into account the seriousness of the offense . It takes into account that it 's a violation of Florida law , " he said . "  The plea offer allows her to enter a plea that she will not go to jail and she will not be labeled as a sex offender , so there 's no argument that her life is being ruined by this plea offer . " A sometimes tearful Hunt said the whole thing frightens her . "  I 'm scared of losing my life , the rest of my life , and not being able to go to college or be around kids , be around my sisters and my family , " she said , acknowledging the whirlwind that has surrounded her since the family went public with the story . "  Definitely overwhelming to say the least . ... Just kind of hopeful , hopeful for the best . " Prosecutors have said they will not bend on the plea deal .	Supporters of Kaitlyn Hunt , 18 , say she 's being prosecuted for having a same-sex relationship But Florida law says a 14-year-old ca n't consent to a sexual relationship with an adult Indian River County sheriff says charges have nothing to do with it being a same-sex relationship Prosecutors are offering a plea deal that includes monitoring
CNN  -- Los Angeles Galaxy 's David Beckham suffered a groin injury on a miserable night for Bruce Arena 's team , as they were beaten 3-0 by FC Dallas in Major League Soccer 's  MLS  Western Conference final on Sunday . Beckham , who only recently returned from an Achilles injury sustained while on loan at Italian giants AC Milan , continued to play despite the strain he picked up early in the match at the Galaxy 's Home Depot Center stadium . A first half goal from Colombian David Ferreira was added to in the second period by strikes from 23-year-old George John and Honduran Marvin Chavez to give Dallas the win , a result which ended Galaxy 's hopes of winning a third MLS cup . "  It 's just disappointing we 've gone out the way we 've gone out , " Beckham told the league 's official website . " -LSB- In the -RSB- first two minutes , I pulled my abductor . It wore off a little , but obviously had nothing to do with our loss . " Former U.S. national team coach Arena admitted he was aware of the injury and had considered substituting the 35-year-old , but he decided against it and went on to praise the attitude of his star player . "  We saw in the very beginning of the game probably 15 minutes in , he had a problem . He hung in there , " said Arena . "  If we have all of our players with his kind of character and commitment , we would continue to do well . " Team-captain Landon Donovan revealed the former Real Madrid midfielder has been playing through the pain barrier for sometime . "  He has n't been at full strength since he 's been back . When you come back that quickly at that age from an Achilles injury , there are going to be residual effects . "  My hat 's off to him . He played through a lot of pain those last few weeks , more than you guys know , but he 's a competitor and he wants to keep going . " Beckham 's earlier ankle injury destroyed his dreams of playing for England in the 2010 World Cup , but he has played the full 90 minutes in four of Los Angeles ' last five games since his return to the team . Dallas will now compete in the final championship game -- the decider for the MLS title -- against Colorado Rapids , who beat San Jose Earthquakes 1-0 in the Eastern Conference final thanks to a goal from Kosuke Kimura . The last game of the MLS season will take place on November 21 at Toronto 's BMO Field .	David Beckham picked up a groin strain in the MLS Western Conference final on Sunday Los Angeles Galaxy lost the match 3-0 to FC Dallas at the Home Depot Center stadium FC Dallas will play Colorado Rapids in the MLS Championship game on November 21
CNN  -- Loose airline seats . Flights that are delayed or canceled . The shifting blame game of who 's responsible for American Airlines ' ever-growing problems . At the end of the day , travelers want to get from Point A to Point B safely and on time . They do n't want to worry that their seats might come loose or that management and labor ca n't seem to get along . American Airlines and any other company that ca n't fulfill its core mission on a regular basis , whether it 's safe and efficient airline travel or safe peanut butter or cynanide-free Tylenol , may not be long for this world . Clumsy fliers spilling Diet Coke and coffee on plane floors and seats , causing "  gunked-up " seat-locking mechanisms , hardly seem to constitute a root cause . American Airlines says spilled soda , coffee helped cause sticky moments "  These are solvable problems , "  says Harvard Business School professor Rosabeth Moss Kanter , who wrote about the mid-1990s turnaround of Continental Airlines in "  Confidence : How Winning Streaks and Losing Streaks Begin and End . " 11 witty and sage airline ` gunk ' retorts "  You have to take the right operational and strategic moves . You have to rebuild confidence . But it 's by acting very quickly , not by a nice note to customers . " Troubled companies can be turned around , says Kanter , if executives take specific steps to address their problems and move forward . Add your own suggestions for how American Airlines can keep or earn your business in the comments below . Admit what 's broken and fix it There 's no doubt that American is having problems with its seats . However , Kanter says that 's probably just the most obvious problem . "  The company needs to admit the facts publicly , put them on the table fully and take responsibility at the very highest levels of the company , " she says . And it 's probably not just the seats . "  This is a quality failure of a massive kind and has to signal other quality problems , " she says . "  The situation is always worse than you think . There are a lot of other things that have deteriorated that you do n't know about . You have to be digging deeper because I bet there have to be other things going on . " Who still wants to fly American ? Turn to employees for solutions Any solutions must include pilots , flight attendants and mechanics , says Kanter . It 's often the front-line employees who really understand what 's wrong and can brainstorm the solutions to these problems . It may be too hard to get current management to turn to employees for solutions , when employees are rightly or wrong being blamed for so many of the problems . "  These antagonisms have been building for many years , " says Kanter . "  In a turnaround , it 's management that has to change because they 'll never regain the trust of employees . " Spend money on the core business With limited money to spend , "  the airline must shift investment away from things that are not directly related to passenger and  front-line  employee experience , " says Kanter . "  If that means some corporate staff need to have smaller departments , so be it . They should immediately shift company resources to people delivering the product and those experiencing it . " You need happy front line employees to deliver a good product to your customers , she says . And in the case of an airline , that product needs to be safe . "  Every day people are deciding whether or not to board that plane and every day they can make different choices . The American board and top management need to take this incredibly seriously . " Many of you fly American Airlines frequently . What would you tell American or any airline to do to keep your business ? What basic requirements do you have ? What extras would you like , and would you pay for them ? If you prefer another domestic or foreign airline , please share specific experiences .	American 's problems can be fixed if management wants to make changes The airline must convince passengers that its seats are safe and its planes will arrive on time Employees are the likely source of most solutions to the airline 's problems
CNN  -- More than 1,000 protesters clashed with security forces in Kuwait on Friday , demanding greater rights for longtime residents who are not citizens of the country . The crowd -- initially 300 people before quickly growing -- was attacked with water cannons . A Kuwaiti government spokesman later claimed that the security forces were trying to protect themselves after the protesters started hurling rocks . The "  security forces on the ground talked to the protestors in a nice and civilized way , " said Col. Adil Al-Hashash , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . Members of the crowd were told "  that they should go to the legal channels for their demands rather than protesting . " Al-Hashash said the demonstration was eventually dispersed and that several protesters were arrested and questioned by the security forces . The protest took place in Al Jahra province north of Kuwait City , Al-Hashash noted . Kuwait has been wrestling with the question of rights for non-citizen residents for decades . The country is believed to have roughly 100,000 residents who are not citizens . Journalist Saad Al-Enzi contributed to this report	Roughly 1,000 protesters call for greater rights for non-citizen residents of Kuwait Security forces attack the protesters with water cannons Several protesters are detained and questioned
CNN  -- Comedian Adam Carolla settled a lawsuit Tuesday filed by a former friend of 30 years who claimed he had been cheated out of his share of Carolla 's popular podcast . Donny Misraje , a television editor and producer , had sought $ 4.5 million in damages from Carolla , his friend since their high school days in suburban Los Angeles . Misraje claimed to be the creative force behind Carolla 's podcast and contended he was promised 30 % of the company . Carolla completed his testimony in Los Angeles Superior Court on Monday ; Misraje testified last week and the case was winding to a close . Terms of the settlement were confidential . "  It was a good deal for my side and a smart deal for his side , " said Misraje 's lawyer , Greg Doll . The deal was reached after the judge issued a ruling that limited Misraje 's claim for damages from 2009 to 2012 , the year Carolla fired him . Misraje had sought a share of the podcast profits until 2017 . Carolla 's lawyer , Mark Geragos , said the ruling caused the plaintiffs to blink . "  After Adam 's compelling testimony yesterday and Judge  Michael  Johnson 's ruling today gutting their expert 's damage theory , apparently they finally woke up to the fact that their case was disintegrating before their very eyes , " said Geragos , who also is a legal analyst for CNN . Doll said several jurors told him they were leaning toward Misraje . The only question they had , he added , was how high the damage award should be . The case told the story of the unraveling of a decades-long friendship between "  Ace " Carolla and "  The Weez " Misraje that began during the 1980s at North Hollywood High School . Carolla was a frequent visitor at the Misrajes ' home , often helping himself to food in the family refrigerator . When their other friends went away to college , the two rented an apartment and worked odd jobs . They rehabbed a 1964 Cadillac limousine , which they drove to clubs and parties , "  Entourage " - style . The saga of ` Ace ' and ` The Weez ' Carolla , now 50 , eventually found his niche at a Los Angeles FM radio station , KROQ , and Misraje worked at several network and syndicated television productions , including "  The Tonight Show With Jay Leno . " He now works as a producer at "  The Queen Latifah Show . " Misraje claimed he came up with the idea for Carolla to launch his podcast in 2009 when he lost his L.A. morning radio show on CBS station KLSX . He claimed he was promised a cut of the business in a "  handshake deal " but never got it in writing . He told the jury that , based on his friend 's word , he walked away from his $ 231,000-a-year job , took out a second mortgage on his home and encouraged his wife and cousin to join the business even though they might not see an immediate payday . The reason : Carolla was still bound to his CBS contract , which included a noncompete clause that kept them from soliciting revenue for the podcast during its first year . Once the podcast started making money , Misraje contended , Carolla pushed him and the others out of the business . Carolla , Geragos says , always maintained Misraje was n't the only person who encouraged him to start a podcast . Carolla called Misraje a "  partner " to humor him and honor their longstanding friendship , the lawyer said . Carolla 's popular podcast became the record holder , surpassing British comedian Ricky Gervais with nearly 60 million unique downloads between March 2009 and March 2011 , according to Guinness World Records .	A settlement is reached during Adam Carolla podcast trial The terms of settlement agreement are confidential High school friend Donny Misraje had sought $ 4.5 million in damages Misraje claimed Carolla promised him a partnership
CNN  -- Authorities believe two Arizona prison escapees and their alleged accomplice may be in the Yellowstone National Park area of Montana and Wyoming , based on recent information , the U.S. Marshals Service said Sunday . John Charles McCluskey , 45 , and Tracy Province , 42 , are described as armed and dangerous . They have been at large since fleeing an Arizona prison on July 30 . A third escaped inmate , Daniel Renwick , 35 , was arrested the day after the escape in Rifle , Colorado , where he got in a shootout with police . David Gonzales , the U.S. marshal for Arizona , told CNN that the remaining fugitives are now suspected in the killings of a couple whose bodies were found Wednesday in New Mexico . "  There was evidence that ties them , our suspects , who escaped from prison , directly to their murders , " Gonzales told CNN . Gonzales said the fugitives have frequented truck stops and campgrounds . He said McCluskey and Province have "  white supremacist leanings " and could be looking for "  people who are sympathetic to their cause . " Yellowstone sits at the northwest corner of Wyoming and extends a short distance into Montana and Idaho , both states where white supremacist groups have attempted to take root . Thomas Henman , a spokesman for the Marshals Service , said Arizona prison officials have said the convicts belong to the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang , but there was no concrete information to tie them to white supremacist groups outside prison . A team of marshals from Arizona has been working in the Yellowstone area since Sunday morning , along with marshals from Montana and Wyoming and officers from the National Parks Service . He would n't divulge the source of the information that has led authorities to Yellowstone , but said it is believed to be very credible . A $ 40,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the escapees ' arrest , he said . McCluskey was serving 15 years for attempted second-degree murder and other charges , while Province was serving a life sentence for murder and armed robbery . A female accomplice helped Province , McCluskey and Renwick escape by throwing cutting tools over a prison fence , according to Charles Ryan , director of Arizona 's Department of Corrections . Authorities have identified the suspected accomplice as 43-year-old Casslyn Mae Welch , McCluskey 's cousin and fiancee , CNN affiliate KTVK reported . "  Information developed within the past two days indicated the escapees may be hiding in the Yellowstone Park area within Montana and Wyoming , " U.S. Marshals said in a statement Sunday . "  It is believed Tracy Province has separated from John McCluskey and Casslyn Welch . " The New Mexico Department of Public Safety said Saturday police have forensic evidence linking Province and McCluskey to a couple found slain in New Mexico last week . Two burned bodies were found in a camper Wednesday in Santa Rosa , New Mexico , according to Peter Olson , spokesman for the department . New Mexico police have yet to positively identify the burned bodies , but believe they are Linda and Gary Haas of Oklahoma , whose truck was found 120 miles away in Albuquerque , New Mexico , according to Olson . He would not elaborate on the nature of the forensic evidence . Earlier Saturday , authorities arrested McCluskey 's mother and charged her with aiding the escape . Claudia Washburn , 68 , was arrested in Jakes Corner , Arizona , and faces charges of conspiracy to facilitate escape and hindering prosecution , Deputy U.S. Marshal Thomas Henman told CNN . Washburn , who is Welch 's aunt , allegedly provided "  financial and other aid " to McCluskey , Province and Welch . A search warrant was executed , and Washburn was being held on $ 250,000 bond at the Gila County Jail in Globe , Arizona , the U.S. Marshals said . In an interview with CNN Arizona affiliate KTVK , Washburn 's husband said that he 'd shoot his stepson McCluskey if he saw him again . "  I told the U.S Marshals I have n't got that long to live , " Jack Washburn said . "  I 'd  serve my time . " After the break , the inmates and the accomplice abducted two truck drivers at gunpoint on Interstate 40 outside of Kingman , Arizona , and hijacked their 18-wheeler , according to the Mohave County sheriff 's department in Kingman . The truck drivers and the rig were released five hours later in Flagstaff , about 135 miles to the east . The fugitives were later believed to be driving a 2002 silver Volkswagen Jetta purchased last Saturday in Phoenix . They were later spotted on a security camera in a bank inside a grocery store in Goodyear , Arizona , according to Barrett Marson , spokesman for the Arizona Department of Corrections . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	U.S. Marshals : The two inmates are believed to have split up The escapees may be in Montana or Wyoming Police : Evidence links the inmates to burned bodies found in New Mexico
CNN  -- A car packed with explosives blew up outside a popular restaurant in Somalia 's capital Sunday evening , killing at least 10 people , police said . Fifteen others were wounded in the blast in the heart of Mogadishu , senior Somali police Officer Farhah Aden said . He said the death toll could rise , since many of the victims were seriously injured . The car was parked at the gate of the Oromo restaurant before it was detonated , Aden said . The hotel is popular with Somalian government officials and is just a few kilometers from the country 's parliament compound . An eyewitness said he saw a ball of smoke rising into the sky after the explosion . "  I was inside the restaurant at the time of the blast , " Ibrahim Mohamed said . "  I heard a loud sound of an explosion from the gate of the building and went outside , where I saw dead bodies lying on chairs they were sitting down in , using the Internet . " The Al-Shabaab terror group has claimed responsibility for the attack , according to the spokesman for the group , Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab . Last month , the group 's leader was killed in an American airstrike . Intelligence reports at the time indicated the group was planning new attacks after the death of Ahmed Godane .	At least 10 people have been killed in a car bombing in Mogadishu , police say The explosion happened outside a popular restaurant in Somalia 's capital 15 others are wounded ; the Al-Shabaab terror group claims responsibility
New York  CNN  -- Police have identified the eighth and final victim of a gas explosion in New York 's East Harlem last week . Mayumi Nakamura , 34 , lived in apartment No. 4 at 1646 Park Ave. , according to police , the northernmost of the two buildings leveled by explosion and fire March 12 . Her body was recovered from the rubble Thursday night , police said , but identification took longer because her family had to travel from Japan to confirm her identity . The other seven victims have been identified as Carmen Tanco , 67 ; Alexis "  Jordy " Salas , 22 ; Griselde Camacho , 44 ; Rosaura Hernandez , 21 ; Andreas Panagopoulos , 43 ; George Ameado , 44 ; and Rosaura Barrios , 44 . Julie Bolcer , spokeswoman for the city 's Office of the Chief Medical Examiner , said the victims died of smoke inhalation or physical trauma . Meanwhile , a lawsuit has been filed in state Supreme Court in the name of Michelle Nelson , 46 , who said she was injured in the blast . The complaint alleges that electric provider Con Edison was aware of potentially unsafe conditions of gas mains on the property and neglected to act . "  This is the first of what will be many more , " attorney Michael Lamonsoff said . "  You have Con Ed on notice for years that their gas lines are extremely old ... especially in this area . " The lawsuit also names Kaoru Murmatsu , owner and superintendent of the building . "  We 're working with the City , the Salvation Army and the Red Cross to assist the affected families with their expenses in the wake of the tragedy . We will review the filing at an appropriate time , " said Bob McGee , a spokesman for Con Edison . Eric Weiss , a spokesman for the National Transportation Safety Board , which has jurisdiction over pipeline accidents , said the agency plans to release an investigative update Tuesday . Firefighters discover church 's Bible in the ashes of Harlem explosion New York explosion exposes nation 's aging and dangerous gas mains CNN 's Julia Lull & Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	Mayumi Nakamura was pulled from the rubble Thursday night Officials say victims died of smoke inhalation or physical trauma Woman injured in explosion sues building owner , electric provider Con Edison "  We will review the filing at an appropriate time , " utility says
CNN  -- The new district attorney of Boulder County , Colorado , said he plans to take a fresh look at the investigation into the 1996 slaying of JonBenet Ramsey . The DA 's office assumed responsibility for the investigation in 2002 . But District Attorney Stan Garnett told CNN that he wants to decide during his first 30 days in office whether the case should be returned to Boulder police . "  I 'm trying to determine whether it 's efficient to have the ongoing investigation handled by my office or somebody else , " said Garnett , who was sworn in as district attorney January 13 . The DA 's office is relatively small , he said , with 27 lawyers and six investigators handling between 2,000 and 2,500 felony cases a year . Although the Ramsey case has not generated news since last year , tips and information regularly come in to authorities . Whoever is handling the investigation is charged with checking them out and deciding whether they are worth pursuing , Garnett said . He said reports that he is considering reopening the case are inaccurate . "  It 's not closed . It has n't been solved , and it 's been open the whole time . " The case is one of the nation 's most famous unsolved murders . On December 26 , 1996 , John Ramsey discovered the body of his 6-year-old daughter , JonBenet , in the basement of the family 's Boulder home . The girl had been strangled and beaten . A ransom note was found on the stairs of the home , demanding $ 118,000 . Early in the case , Boulder police said JonBenet 's parents , John and Patsy Ramsey , were under "  an umbrella of suspicion " in her death . But they were never formally named as suspects , and a grand jury refused to indict them . Patsy Ramsey died in 2006 after a lengthy battle with ovarian cancer . In July , Garnett 's predecessor , Mary Lacy , issued a public apology for the suspicion surrounding the Ramsey family after a DNA test performed using new technology showed that DNA found on JonBenet 's underwear and under her fingernails belonged to an unidentified man . The test results , Lacy said , were "  powerful evidence " that allows investigators to think the Ramsey family were victims , not suspects . That same third-party DNA exonerated John Mark Karr , a one-time teacher , after he was arrested in Thailand and brought to Colorado . Authorities said Karr told a University of Colorado professor in e-mails that he was involved in JonBenet 's death . He told reporters after his arrest that he was with the child when she died , although he called her death an accident and said he loved her . Lacy was widely criticized , including by then-Gov . Bill Owens , for the handling of Karr 's arrest . Boulder police also have long faced criticism over their handling of the investigation . But , Garnett said Friday , "  I 've been very impressed by the Boulder P.D. . They are a fine department now and have handled a number of cases very well . ... They 've done a very nice job . " The department has 24 investigators , four times as many as the DA 's staff , he said . Garnett was elected DA in November to replace Lacy , who could not run again because of term limits . Before he was elected , he served as a trial lawyer for 22 years , according to the DA 's Web site .	Stan Garnett says he 'll take fresh look at JonBenet Ramsey case Garnett says he hopes to decide who should follow up on tips Case was taken from Boulder police in 2002 Last year , prosecutors exonerated JonBenet 's mother , father and brother
EW.com  -- For the sixth straight year , Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood will cohost the CMA Awards , airing tonight at 8 p.m. ET on ABC .  See our predictions for who we think will win , and who we 'd vote for . There 's a long list of performances , which include Taylor Swift collaborating with Alison Krauss and Vince Gill , Dave Grohl joining the Zac Brown Band , and George Strait and Alan Jackson paying tribute to the late , great George Jones . Back in August , when Paisley began talking to exec producer Robert Deaton about this year 's show , one of their first conversations was about how the broadcast would honor Jones . "  It ought to be the best you can have with those two doing it , " Paisley told EW last month . "  They 're the heirs to the torch . If anybody 's close to the stratosphere that George Jones was cruising in , it 's them . That 's who it needs to be . " EW : CMA Awards - Who will win  and who should Fans will also tune in to see what Paisley and Underwood come up with for their opening monologue . When we spoke to Paisley , he expected them to have fun with the genre 's current identity crisis , epitomized by Brown referring to Entertainer of the Year nominee and fellow performer Luke Bryan 's bro-country chart-topper "  That 's My Kind of Night " as "  the worst song I 've ever heard . " "  You 've got people in our industry all fired up on each side of that issue , and then you 've got me â $ " I 'm just happy about it , " Paisley says , laughing . "  It 's like I 'm this sadist when we 're writing this show . I 'm like , ` Oh , that looks painful ... That 's great ! " EW : How country music went crazy - A comprehensive timeline of the genre 's identity crisis Everything is a potential punchline : "  Dolly Parton 's in a fender bender . The first thing I heard was , ` She 's fine though . ' Cool . Great , because I love Dolly ... . Well , I guess that 's fair game , " he said , laughing again . "  It 's such a weird thing : On one hand , I 'm glad the government 's not shut down , but yet I 'm not . It 's horrible that the Obamacare website is such a disaster , but it 's also not that horrible because there 's a great song about that somewhere . We have all these things that we could talk about ... and all I can say is , ` Go , Miley ! Keep it up . ' " EW : CMA nominations 2013 - The snubs and surprises With Underwood rehearsing for NBC 's Dec. 5 The Sound of Music Live ! , the two worked on material by texting each other whenever they came across something that might make for good fodder . "  Every time I get a text from Carrie , I picture her dressed as Maria . ` In regards to twerking , ' and she 's dressed as a Von Trapp writing that , " Paisley said . "  I was like , ` I 'll get out in lederhosen -LSB- at the CMAs -RSB- , I do n't care . ' But I do n't know how ABC will feel about that . We 'll see . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Country Music Awards air Wednesday night There is a long list of performances Co-hosts Paisley and Underwood have been texting material for show
Lisbon , Portugal  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI made one of his strongest statements to date on the sex abuse scandal sweeping the Roman Catholic Church , saying Tuesday the reality he has seen is "  terrifying . " And he distanced himself from criticism of the media by senior Vatican officials , saying the most important attacks on the church do n't come from the outside , they come from the sins of the members of the church , CNN senior Vatican analyst John Allen said . Benedict was speaking on his plane en route to Portugal , where he is making a four-day visit . He has said very little in public about the scandal , which has swept Western Europe this year , leading bishops to quit or offer to quit in Ireland , Germany and Belgium . Hundreds of people have come forward this year saying they were abused by priests or other Catholic authority figures there and in Austria , Netherlands and the United States . He said three weeks ago he was "  greatly moved " by meeting victims of abuse in Valletta , Malta . He said he gave the victims "  assurances of the church 's action " after the April 18 meeting . It is not clear if he plans to meet victims of abuse in Portugal , which has not been as badly shaken by the scandal as many other European countries .	Pope Benedict XVI says reality of church child abuse scandal is "  terrifying " Pontiff says most serious attacks on the church come from within Benedic was speaking en route to Portugal
CNN  -- As historically high flood waters receded in Tennessee on Wednesday , dramatic stories of tragedy and survival emerged , including that of a woman who saw her husband and daughter swept away . Sherry Qualls watched in horror as chest-deep water washed away her husband and daughter as he tried to save the girl from a rushing creek roaring through their backyard in Linden , Tennessee , on Sunday , according to CNN Nashville affiliate WSMV . "  From his neck up , he was staring at me , " Qualls said of her husband Bobby . "  He did n't say anything , just staring at me . She was screaming for her daddy to help her , and then by the time the rescue squad got her , I did n't see them any more . " Their bodies were found the next day , washed almost a mile away , the affiliate reported . "  He was a hero , " Qualls said Wednesday of her husband , who earlier had rescued the couple 's son from floodwaters . "  He sacrificed himself for his kids , that 's what I think . " Surveying the property where her home once stood , Qualls said it 's hard to believe her husband and daughter are gone . "  Every time I drive in the driveway , I see my daughter standing at the door smiling , and him , too , and I expect them to call me and ask where I 'm at , " she said . Linden is located between Nashville and Memphis in western Tennessee . CNN iReporter Nathan Clark went to his father 's house in Dickson , Tennessee -- west of Nashville -- on Saturday to help him salvage possessions as waters from a flooded creek rose on his dad 's property . Clark says they got out just in time . "  The water was at the top of his truck 's hood . " Clark said . "  If we had stayed any longer , we would n't have gotten out of there . " With waters receding on Wednesday , Nashville Mayor Karl Dean announced that most city government offices would reopen Thursday and that city bus service would be restored . Nashville students will have another day off Thursday , though teachers and other staff will return to work . "  The news is largely good , " Dean said at a Wednesday evening press conference . "  We 're making progress and we 'll continue to make progress in the days ahead . " The weekend deluge in the Mid-South has swelled many rivers to historic levels , turned roads to lakes and caused at least 28 deaths . The rains were especially cruel to Tennessee , killing 19 and immersing landmarks like the Grand Ole Opry . Two Nashville residents are still missing , Dean 's office said Wednesday night . President Obama has declared six Tennessee counties major disaster areas , which makes federal funding available to affected residents . Many area waterways remained well past flood level on Wednesday . The Cumberland River , which cuts through Nashville , stood at just over 48 feet on Wednesday evening -- about 13 feet above flood stage -- said Jim Moser , a forecaster with the National Weather Service . On Wednesday afternoon , more more than 100 Nashville firefighters and police officers were going door-to-door on foot in flood-ravaged neighborhoods , checking on residents and providing assistance . Search and rescue teams visited more than 700 homes Wednesday and will visit more Thursday , Dean 's office said . One Nashville neighborhood , Metro Center , remained closed to residents and workers Wednesday because of standing water . The city allowed some business owners and managers to survey their businesses for a few hours in the afternoon but limited access to people in trucks and SUVS and made clear that they entered the area at their own risk . With one of Nashville 's main water treatment plants still closed from flooding , the city asked residents Wednesday to use water only when absolutely necessary , telling them to put off washing dishes and to limit toilet flushing . "  Citizens are using water at a greater rate than we can treat it and pump it out to the community , " said Sonia Harvat , a spokesman for Nashville 's water department , in an e-mail message . City officials said Wednesday that the city would be forced to rely on bottled water unless more people started conserving . Still , flood waters should recede significantly in the next couple of days , the National Weather Service 's Moser said . "  We 're not expecting a significant amount of rain through Monday , " he said . "  It might amount to a quarter or half inch but not enough to affect things . " After an aerial tour of central Tennessee Wednesday , Gov. Phil Bredesen warned residents to beware of con artists looking to capitalize on the flood response . "  There are always people who come in and do these scams of charging people -- and they seem to prey on elderly people an awful lot -- just charging people an awful lot to do something , " Bredesen said . "  They say  ` I 'm going to fix your house , you have to do it or the state 's going to tear it down , and it 's like $ 20,000 . Write me a check or give me cash . ' "	Nineteen deaths reported across state ; at least 28 killed in Southeast City government offices in Nashville to reopen Thursday , city bus service to be restored 100 Nashville firefighters , police officers go door-to-door checking on residents Cumberland River still about 13 feet above flood stage
CNN  -- A Texas group run by a self-described anarchist has posted what appears to be the first video of the live firing of a handgun created with a 3-D printer . The 53-second video shows a single shot being fired from The Liberator , a plastic handgun that , with the exception of its metal firing pin , was assembled from parts made with a 3-D printer , according to Defense Distributed . The gun appears unscathed after the test firing , although the brief clip does not reveal anything about its range or accuracy . The nonprofit group , founded by 25-year-old law student Cody Wilson , has posted instructions for the gun online so other people can duplicate it . The gun was created with a Stratasys Dimension SST printer , which can be purchased online for as little as $ 8,000 . Wilson fired the gun Saturday and the video was posted to YouTube on Sunday . The group 's self-described "  Wiki Weapon Project " is about a year old . Until now , the group had only reported being able to make plastic , interchangeable parts for firearms , but not entire weapons . The Liberator is comprised of 16 interchangeable pieces , with a nail for a firing pin . According to the group , the barrel can be changed out to fire different kinds of ammo . Not surprisingly , reports of the test-firing have reignited calls to ban 3-D-printed guns , which critics fear could easily fall into the wrong hands and create safety concerns because they 'd be invisible to metal detectors . New York Sen. Charles Schumer is one of several politicians pushing for stricter legislation that would ban firearms created with 3-D printers . "  Passing this law would not only prevent people from making these parts , it would raise awareness on the issue , " Schumer said Sunday during a news conference . "  We 're facing a situation where anyone -- a felon , a terrorist -- can open a gun factory in their garage . " Schumer is joined by U.S. congressman Steve Israel of New York , who has introduced legislation to renew a ban on plastic guns that is set to expire later this year . "  I do n't want to make it easier for criminals and terrorists to bring plastic guns through metal detectors and onto airplanes , " he told CNN 's Jake Tapper on Monday . It 's an argument unlikely to sway Wilson , who has made no secret of his disdain for the U.S. government in particular and all governments in general .  Defense Distributed makes and sells components with names like "  The Cuomo " and "  The Pelosi , " to tweak politicians who support gun control  . "  For me , it 's important as a symbolic political statement , " he told CNN Monday . "  And that statement is something like , ` No , the future we imagine is one of personalized manufacture and access to objects . It does n't matter what the decision is on the Hill ... in this future , people will be able to make guns for themselves . ' "  That was already true , but now it 's been demonstrated in yet another technology . " Despite that worldview , Defense Distributed applied for , and in March received , a federal firearm license which makes it a legal gun manufacturer . Wilson acknowledged in a recent interview with Forbes that his creation could be used by criminals , but suggested that demonstrating the freedom to create them is more important than trying to stop that from happening . "  I recognize that this tool might be used to harm people . That 's what it is : It 's a gun , " he said . "  But I do n't think that 's a reason to not put it out there . I think that liberty in the end is a better interest . " Defense Distributed is based near Austin , Texas . Wilson has emerged as the face of the group , although many of its members , including the owners of the 3-D printer the group uses , have chosen to remain anonymous . The group 's future plans include expanding the range of ammunition a 3-D printed gun can fire and making the guns printable with less expensive printers , such as the $ 2,800 Replicator 2 by Makerbot .	Group showcases test firing of a gun made with a 3-D printer Self-styled anarchist created "  The Liberator , " from plastic , with a nail for a firing pin Blueprints for the gun have been posted online so others can duplicate it Demo comes as lawmakers are calling for bans on printed handguns
Buenos Aires  CNN  -- Dressed in black , evoking her trademark style , Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner addressed cheering crowds after preliminary vote counts on Sunday showed her heading toward re-election . "  I have come to places in my life I have never thought I 'd arrive . The honor of not just being the first woman elected president but re-elected president ... my partner served as president ... what else could I want ? " said Fernandez , amid fireworks , car horns and celebratory music . Continuously weaving her role as the nation 's leader with being the widow of former president Nestor Carlos Kirchner , who died in 2010 , Kirchner said she carries her husband 's ideals as she returns to office . Fernandez , 58 , has said her second presidential term will be dedicated to her late husband 's memory . "  Today is a rare day for me , because there are too many feelings , " said Kirchner in her trademark dramatic tone . "  If I tell you I am happy , I lie , if I tell you I am sad , I lie ... I am not speaking as his widow but as his partner in militancy for the rest of my life , " she said . Thousands crammed into Buenos Aires ' Plaza de Mayo waving flags and shouting "  Viva Cristina , Viva Peronismo ! ' to welcome back their charismatic leader , the second woman to serve as president of Argentina . Entire families and groups of activists cheered as results trickled in showing the incumbent president with a considerable advantage over her opponents . Activist groups , unions , farmers , laborers and groups of indigenous Argentines waved their flags in a passionate display of support for their candidate . While official results will be announced on Monday , preliminary results showed the incumbent with 52.7 % of the vote . Some analysts in Argentina said this is a historic victory for Argentina , propelling Fernandez as one of the nation 's most popular leaders in recent history . The same analysts also show concern for what has become known as the new "  Cristinismo " , a populist pro-Fernandez fever which , according to La Nacion writer Luis Majul , leaves very little room for checks and balances . "  Tomorrow , or when the struggle for succession begins , and we become informed of the true cost-of-living indices , poverty and unemployment , some ` soldiers of Cristina ' will recognize that their idolatry was exaggerated by the model , " Majul wrote Fernandez , a center-left member of the Peronist party , handily won the primary . Fernandez garnered more than half the country 's votes , making her the undisputed front-runner going into Sunday 's election . Among her closest competitors in the presidential election were Hermes Binner , Ricardo Alfonsin and Eduardo Duhalde.Alfonsin is a member of the opposition Radical Party and the son of the late Raul Alfonsin , who became Argentina 's president in 1983 following seven years of military dictatorship . Duhalde is a long-time Peronist party leader who ruled Argentina from 2002 to 2003 in the wake of the country 's $ 95 billion debt default , which ushered in historically high levels of crime , unemployment and poverty . He was succeeded in May 2003 by Nestor Kirchner , a relatively unknown governor from Patagonia who championed human rights causes and implemented unorthodox financial policies that many credit with helping to bring the Argentine economy back from the brink . In 2007 , Kirchner stepped aside so his wife , Fernandez , could run . She was elected with 45 % of the vote , becoming Argentina 's first elected female president . Under Fernandez 's leadership , Argentina 's economy has enjoyed sustained growth of about 8 % annually . The president points to this expansion and a low debt load as examples of how Argentina is well-positioned to weather the uncertainty in the current global markets . In an August speech , the president said strong economic growth and human rights advances are key to her past and future mandates . "  Strength Argentina ! Forward Argentina ! We will continue growing , with social inclusion , with justice , memory and truth , " she said . However , her critics contend the economy is only booming because of high commodity prices and have repeatedly accused her government of tampering with economic statistics . Argentina 's official annual inflation rate is around 9 % , but most analysts and consumers suspect it is really three times that number . Kirchner died suddenly from a heart attack in October 2010 , and Fernandez has benefited politically from an outpouring of sympathy . Over the past year , she has worn only black in public , and repeatedly refers to "  him " in fiery -- and sometimes teary -- campaign speeches . Fernandez , who voted in the city of Rio Gallegos , said this vote evoked memories of her late husband , Argentina 's official TELAM news agency reported . "  I happen to be the wife of a very special man , who had great impact on Argentine politics and is already a part of history " , she said . Voting is obligatory in Argentina and some 28 million people were eligible to vote in Sunday 's election . CNN 's Brian Byrnes , Claudia Dominguez and Helena de Moura contributed to this report .	NEW : Preliminary results give the incumbent a comfortable lead Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner went into Sunday 's vote as the undisputed front-runner Fernandez supporters crowd the Plaza de Mayo Fernandez , 58 , has said her second term will be dedicated to her late husband 's memory .
CNN  -- Creative new takes on dim sum are a common trend in Hong Kong restaurants these days , particularly at the higher end , with chefs incorporating traditionally Western ingredients such as truffles , foie gras or Maine lobster . At the same time , many classic dim sum dishes have fallen out of fashion , making them harder to find in the city . Chef Lee Kam , 76 , worked at Hong Kong 's Tsui Hang Village restaurant for 30 years before retiring . He recently rejoined to launch a special "  retro dim sum " menu to bring back a few of the classics , but only in March and April . Lee says there are a couple reasons these dishes have gone out of style . "  First of all , a lot of the classic dim sum like the pork 's liver siu mai and quail egg siu mai are very high in cholesterol , " he says . "  It 's unhealthy in modern day 's standard . Therefore , fewer and fewer restaurants put them on the menu . " "  Secondly , they are labor-intensive and time-consuming . " Siu mai with quail egg The quail egg is the star of this rich bite . A boiled quail 's egg is placed inside the pork-centric filling , with the dumpling exterior enclosing the contents completely before the whole thing is steamed . The flavor of the bouncy filling is heightened  and complemented  by the quail egg , with the intense yolk the predominant taste . As chef Lee points out , part of the reason this dim sum dish is no longer as popular is due to the fact it packs a high cholesterol punch . But it 's what experts refer to as the good cholesterol  HDL  . Quail eggs have been used in Chinese medicine for years as a healing food , and the latest Western research says they 're good for you too -- in moderation . More : Breathtaking pictures of Hong Kong airport 's glory days From the chef 's point of view they 're tricky to peel , so their preparation may not be cost effective for some restaurants . That said , it 's one of the easier traditional dim sum on this list to find . Restaurants offering siu mai with quail egg include Lin Heung Tea House  famous for its classic dim sum  , Sun Hing and , in March and April only , Tsui Hang Village .  See below for restaurant contact details . Siu mai with liver Pig liver is the hero of this dish . A sizable piece of flash-fried liver is draped over the mostly pork-filled dumpling . The combination of the mild yet rich liver and the filling  sometimes bearing hints of dried mandarin or tangerine  creates a complex , velvety smooth morsel that 's surprisingly light to eat . No doubt it 'd be a hit with foie gras fans . "  It takes a day or two to process the liver so it no longer carries the musky taste , " says chef Lee . Fu Sing , Tim Ho Wan , Luk Yu and Lin Heung are go-to places for this dim sum . Many of these restaurants also serve siu mai with quail egg . Chinese sausage bun Popular in the 1960s , the Chinese sausage bun is a seasonal creation sold mainly in the winter . Not to be confused with the bread-and-frankfurter bun sold in local bakeries , this bun , made from the same dough as char siu bao  barbecued pork bun  has a Chinese sausage  laap cheung  center . Any good version should feature a pillowy bun that complements and contrasts with the firm sausage . Steaming releases the sausage 's oils , flavorings and marinades , resulting in a memorable mouthful . Health risks associated with the consumption of preserved meats , combined with the high fat content , are key reasons this bun is now a rarity on Hong Kong streets . Venues still serving it include Above & Beyond , Lin Heung , Sun Tung Lok and Forum Restaurant . Giant chicken bun As the name implies , this dish consists of a large bun , which is steamed . What 's not obvious from the name is the filling -- a smorgasbord of savory goodies that varies depending on the maker . Typical ingredients include chicken , barbecued pork , shrimp , duck , black mushroom and quail eggs that are often marinated in Chinese rose wine . It was once a favorite of Hong Kong 's labor force as it 's a satisfying and varied mini-meal . That 's also why it 's not such a hit now -- modern diners prefer to sample a bigger variety of lighter dim sum when eating . Plus , it 's time consuming to make and requires a deft hand to get the balance of ingredients right and create a harmonious symphony of flavors . This one can be found in restaurants that have some history behind them , including Lin Heung and Luk Yu , as well as Tsui Hang Village  in March and April  . Black sesame film rice roll This jet black dessert is called "  fay lum "  film  as it resembles a roll of camera film . Rice flour and black sesame are the key ingredients -- they 're made into a paste , spread onto a tray , steamed , cooled and then rolled . It has a smooth , silky texture with a bit of bite that 's all about the sesame . It 's a tricky item to make that takes time , which is one reason it 's not as common as it once was , making way for ubiquitous mango puddings or egg tarts . "  You have to first fry the sesame , then hand grind it to create a paste , " says chef Lee . "  Then steam it until it forms a thin layer of film . If we 're making them , we want them to be tasty . But in order to make them delicious , it takes a lot of effort . " Fay lum can still be found at Above & Beyond and Tsui Hang Village  in March and April as part of its retro dim sum menu  . Beef wrapped in caul fat Popular in the 1930s and 1940s , this juicy , bouncy morsel consists of the beef siu mai filling  sometimes beef balls  encased in a fine layer of caul fat , which melts through the beef when it 's steamed . Chefs have different ways to prepare the beef , but it often consists of finely chopped meat , water chestnuts , coriander and dried mandarin peel . Above & Beyond and Maxim 's Palace serve this classic , which has diminished in popularity for two reasons -- it takes skill to make and is considered too fatty by many diners . Rarer still A few other beloved and missed dim sum dishes include steamed duck feet dim sum . Tsui Hang Village is serving steamed duck feet and yam rolled with bean curd skin in March and April as part of its special menu . Meanwhile , Lin Heung serves its duck feet with taro and fish maw wrapped in fried bean curd skin , while Fu Tung ofers a dish of braised duck feet with mushroom . There 's also the amusingly named "  bone wrapped in paper " and "  chicken wrapped in paper , " an aromatic style of dim sum in which seasoned and marinated spare ribs or chicken are placed in a cellophane "  envelope " along with ingredients such as dried mushroom , coriander , chestnut and Chinese sausage , before being deep fried . It 's difficult to find the bone version ; however the chicken version can sometimes be found at Above & Beyond . Another bite of nostalgia no longer widely found is gun tong gaau  large , steamed soup dumplings  still served at London Restaurant , Luk Yu and Forum Restaurant . View the above gallery for photos of some of these classics , plus a couple more dim sum dishes that are also increasingly rare . Restaurants Above & Beyond , 28/F , Hotel ICON , 17 Science Museum Road , Tsim Sha Tsui ; +852 3400 1318 Maxim 's Palace , 2/F , Low Block , City Hall , Central ; +852 2521 1303 Forum Restaurant , 1/F , Sino Plaza , Jaffe Road , Causeway Bay ; +852 2869 8282 Fu Sing , 1/F , Sunshine Plaza , 353 Lockhart Road , Wan Chai , +2893 0881 Branches in Causeway Bay and Sheung Wan Fung Shing Restaurant , 1/F , European Asian Bank Building , 749 Nathan Road , Prince Edward , +852 2381 5261 ; branch in North Point , Fu Tung 3/F , Wharney Guang Dong Hotel , 57-73 Lockhart Road , Wan Chai ; +852 2862 1020 Lin Heung Tea House , 160-164 Wellington St. , Central ; +852 2544 4556 London Restaurant , Good Hope Buliding , 612 Nathan Road , Mong Kok ; +852 2771 8018 / 2771 6111 Luk Yu Tea House , G/F -3 / F , 24 Stanley St. ; +852 2523 5464 Sun Hing Restaurant , Shop C , G/F , 8 Smithfield Road , Kennedy Town ; +852 2816 0616 Sun Tung Lok , Shop D , 4/F , Miramar Shopping Centre , 132 Nathan Road , Tsim Sha Tsui , +852 2152 1417 Tsui Hang Village , 22/F , Lee Theatre Plaza , 99 Percival St. , Causeway Bay , Hong Kong ; +852 2409 4822 Tim Ho Wan , Central branch , shop 12A , Hong Kong Station  Podium Level 1 , IFC Mall  , Central ; +852 2332 307	As innovative chefs create modern takes on dim sum , some of the classics are getting harder to find A few Hong Kong restaurants continue to offer hard-to-find tastes like siu mai with quail egg Health concerns have caused some dishes to fall from favor , such as the Chinese sausage bun
CNN  -- This is not your typical Super Bowl Sunday . There are things that are down . The temperature , for one . Ticket prices , in some cases , are another . A few things are up . The cost of the ads many people will be tuning in for -- a record $ 4.5 million . The security presence , even by Super Bowl standards , will be big . So how about some good news ? Weather forecasters say that by game time -- note to party hosts , 6:30 p.m. ET -- a clipper system will have moved through New Jersey , leaving just a few inches of new snow behind in East Rutherford . Temperatures will be in the mid-30s at kickoff . That 's not as nice as past Super Bowl sites like Miami  high of 79 on Sunday  , Tampa  81  or next year 's host city , Glendale , Arizona  73  , but compared with what might have happened this crazy winter , it must be the NFL 's best imagined scenario . Not that they have n't planned for other possibilities . "  We feel like we 're prepared for every alternative , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told ESPN 's "  Mike & Mike in the Morning " on Monday . That included moving the time of the game if league officials felt like the safety of the fans was in jeopardy . "  We 're working with all the officials here . We 're pretty comfortable we 'll be playing at 6:30 on Sunday night . " Goodell has said he will sit out in the stands , just as the late Pete Rozelle did at Super Bowl VI when it was 39 degrees for the kickoff in New Orleans at Tulane Stadium . Madden 25 predicts exciting overtime finish Security by land , sea and air Huge sporting events like the Olympics and Super Bowl always draw large security forces as did prior events at MetLife Stadium , site of Sunday 's game . Lt. Col Ed Cetnar of the New Jersey State Police told CNN this is a different ballgame . There will be more than 700 troopers in and around the stadium complex , he said . But they wo n't be the only people guarding the game . "  There 's eyes all over the place , whether it 's state , local , federal or county assets there , " he told CNN 's Alexandra Field . That also includes 3,000 private security guards on site . And extra security for mass transit options because there will only be 12,000 parking spots at the game for 80,000 fans and 5,000 media members . Live updates from Media Day "  There is a template within the NFL and there are certain things that we follow with the NFL . But we have to use our own template because every city is different , " he told CNN . "  Obviously it 's different than other Super Bowls because of our proximity to New York City . " The proximity of the stadium to waterways and railways will mean extra Coast Guard boats on game day and more planes from federal agencies in the sky equipped with infrared and night-vision systems . Homeland Security officials said federal agencies , including the Federal Bureau of Investigation , will deploy hundreds of employees to assist New Jersey and New York police secure what 's been officially designated "  an event of national significance . " And there is one noticeable difference for fans , a change instituted for this NFL season . In light of the bombings at the Boston Marathon , if fans want to bring a bag bigger than 4 Â 1/2 by 6 Â 1/2 inches , it must be clear plastic .  Even the garbage being taken out has to go in clear bags  . An affordable Super Bowl ? Well , not quite for many fans . But prices of game day tickets on the secondary market have been sliding since the Denver Broncos and Seattle Seahawks each won their conference championship games . On the NFL 's official ticket exchange site , more than 3,300 tickets were available , starting at a little more than $ 1,600 . There were almost 4,800 tickets on StubHub , a popular online ticket reseller . As Bleacher Report points out , with the game in the New York metropolitan area and featuring a top-rated offense versus a top-rated defense , it seemed like prices would have been astronomical . But that has n't been the case in the past week . SeatGeek , which aggregates listings from ticket resellers , said the Super Bowl might be the least expensive since 2002 , according to the Seattle Post-Intelligencer . Seat Geek said the prices for all seats has dropped 40 % since the two conference championship games about nine days ago . The big drop in prices for the game have been in the end zone and upper deck seats , the paper reported . SeatGeek spokesman Will Flaherty told the Denver Post : "  Strong supply and uncertainty about the weather forecast has helped to keep prospective buyers on the sideline for now , driving prices downward at a record rate . " So now that the weather will be practically balmy for this time of year , back accounts might be emptied after all . Super Bowl XLVIII ticket prices continue to drop as game day approaches Or just watch on TV Watching the game on television means seeing all of the famed Super Bowl commercials . That way you 'll get to see all 32 minutes and 30 seconds with the other partygoers without having to watch online the next day . Of course you can get a glimpse of some of the ads before the game and not have to slip off to the bathroom during actual game action . For some companies the game is an opportunity to take $ 4.5 million to say "  hi " to new potential buyers . "  The Super Bowl for us is a risk . We do a lot of marketing , but it 's the first time we 'll hit a really mass consumer audience , " Squarespace CEO Anthony Casalena told the New York Times . Squarespace is among the companies that have posted a commercial on YouTube already . The company 's blog said it will also release an extended version of the spot and some of the material that was cut after the game . There will also be one ad from a small company that wins a 30-second commercial paid for by financial software company Intuit . The contest was open to any U.S.-based business with 50 or fewer full-time employees . The commercial will air during the third quarter . This year 's Super Bowl will have 43 advertisers , according to CNNMoney . CNN 's Chris Welch and Evan Perez contributed to this story .	Forecasters say Super Bowl XLVIII weather should be good New Jersey State Police bringing in hundreds to be part of large security presence Ticket prices on secondary market are n't as high as some thought they might get Super Bowl ads to feature a newcomer and a contest prize winner
CNN  -- Producer 's note : CNN Ideas has covered everything from mapping the human brain to 4-D printing . We 've even looked at cool robots because , well , they 're cool robots . But when we stumbled on Durex 's Fundawear -- a long-distance , app-controlled underwear stimulator -- we simply had to investigate . The developers in Australia kindly sat down with us on Skype to explain their "  future of foreplay . " Would you use this in your relationship ?	` Fundawear ' contain vibrating sensors that can be controlled wirelessly The underwear comes with a smartphone app for remote-controlled , um , fun
London  CNN  -- For visitors and newcomers , the mention of London conjures up images of the queen , gray skies , Big Ben and Parliament . But the opening of the Games of the 30th Olympiad will confront millions around the world with unfamiliar scenes of London 's East End , the vibrant and distinctly proletarian heart of the capital . East London has long housed the capital 's working , criminal and creative classes . And Stratford , where the Olympic Park now stands , has been regarded by many as little more than a post-industrial wasteland , a relic of the city 's bygone manufacturing era . When I moved to London from Arizona in 2006 , I thought the East End might look like the gilded west London settings I 'd seen during my first trip to the capital in 2001 . But Mile End , where I settled , one train stop from Stratford , was no one 's destination of choice . Nor was Stratford -- unless , that is , you needed to buy flimsy housewares from the Poundland discount store in the grim outlet mall flanking the train station . Read more : Olympic park sets gold standard for sustainability This may sound obvious , but one of the first things I realized when I moved to London is how old everything is when compared to Phoenix , where I was born and raised . For those who have n't been , Phoenix is a sprawling expanse of scalding hot desert and cactus-lined asphalt in southwest Arizona . Almost nothing has been around for more than a hundred years . London , on the other hand , has been lived in for thousands of years . An East End bell foundry made the Liberty Bell , that famous icon of American independence , in the 1750s , before the U.S. even became a country . Read more : Is the Olympics worth more than Google ? The areas surrounding Queen Mary University in Mile End were miles from the well-kempt tourist attractions of central London . While many west London neighborhoods have aged gracefully , large eastern swathes of the capital merely look dilapidated and rundown . Fortunately , what the area lacked in towering monuments to British glory , it made up for in gruesome historical footnotes . Forget Big Ben , the London Eye and St. Paul 's Cathedral . East London 's top tourist attraction is the Jack the Ripper tour -- a guide around the dark streets and alleys in Whitechapel where an unidentified madman stalked , murdered and disemboweled prostitutes in 1888 . Not quite the same as a double-decker bus tour past Parliament . Read more : London 's World Heritage Sites For someone who spent years piloting a car down Phoenix 's broad , unclogged desert boulevards , taking a bus through the traffic-choked East End was a more adventurous prospect -- and I developed a theory early on that the number 25 , cutting a path east from the West End , London 's default nightlife center , had to be London 's worst route . I once saw a drunk man get his face split open during a fistfight aboard the 25 , a long , single-decker accordion-style monstrosity , the back section of which regularly turned into a smoking section for gangs and drunks and the only bus that ever made me truly miss my car . The only thing more surprising than the fight was that no one moved a muscle , or seemed to think it was unusual . Rather than call the police , the driver simply opened the doors to let the man off , leaking blood across the floor as he limped away . Read more : UK faces security questions ahead of Olympics The 25 also passes the Blind Beggar pub in Whitechapel . It was outside this historic old boozer that William Booth delivered his sermon that established the Salvation Army -- and inside it that notorious Cockney gangster Ronnie Kray shot George Cornell through the forehead in 1966 in front of shocked drinkers . East London has always been rough around the edges , but that 's what makes it interesting . Waves of immigrants have settled amongst the white working-class locals in the East End for generations -- Bangladeshi communities in Mile End and Whitechapel ; Afro-Caribbean communities in Hackney ; and Turkish , Kurdish and Orthodox Jewish communities in Dalston -- and the area 's extreme diversity means that virtually anything you want is only a bus stop away . On a single morning at Roman Road market in Bow , you 'll pass designer clothes , donuts the size of your head , pirate DVDs , and the stall whose chief product appears to be thermal socks  my personal favorite  , before nipping into east London institution G. Kelly for the area 's signature dish : handmade beef pies , served with mashed potatoes drenched in parsley sauce . Read more : Orbit Tower unveiled at Olympic Park If you run out of money , you can walk across the street to an ATM that offers Cockney rhyming slang as an alternative to English . Depending on how flush you are , you can enter your huckleberry finn  PIN  and withdraw anything from a speckled hen  Â # 10  to a nifty  Â # 50  . Ten minutes down the road , along the south end of Brick Lane , fabric shops sit alongside dozens of Bengali curry houses ; at the north end , you can rummage through vintage clothing shops before tucking into a salt beef bagel at the world-famous Beigel Bake , a 24-hour reminder of Jewish migration to the area more than a century ago . A steady stream of educated , creative types have gentrified Shoreditch and Dalston in a generation , and the dozens of cafes , bars and nightclubs that sprouted up have turned the rundown road connecting the two neighborhoods into London 's most fashionable destination for a night out . The smartening-up of these working-class neighborhoods -- with their cheap rent , relatively large spaces and newly opened train lines -- was inevitable in a way , but it has only added to , not dimmed , the cacophony of eclectic voices ringing through the streets . Video : Olympic spending to boost London economy Gentrification is going on in unimaginable parts of east London today . In Hackney -- voted Britain 's worst place to live by Channel 4 in 2006 -- a recently refurbished theatre and new boutique cinema flourish alongside the Vietnamese restaurants dotting Mare Street , just hundreds of feet from an area previously known as Murder Mile for a string of gangland killings which took place around 2000 . But opening a series of glossy gastropubs and flower markets does n't change the fact that three of the five official Olympic boroughs  Hackney , Newham and Tower Hamlets  are among Britain 's poorest districts -- a fact which became painfully clear during last summer 's riots . The shooting in August 2011 of a young black man by police in north London set off days of the worst rioting across the capital in 30 years . The epicenter of the chaos in Hackney was on Mare Street , where rioters set cars alight , battled police and took everything from shops they could carry . Read more : Four billion reasons to watch the Olympics Today , the riots stand as a reminder that the deep-seated poverty in many parts of east London ca n't be wiped out by a three-week international sporting event any more than it can be eradicated by a handful of college kids moving into the neighborhood . Last summer 's riots showed the worst London is capable of . But what happened the day after , when hundreds of volunteers turned up with brooms to help clean up east London 's broken neighborhoods , showed an extraordinary sense of community that might have surprised some people in the capital . No one 's sure yet what the Olympics will mean for the East End . Roughly Â # 9.3 billion  $ 14.5 billion  of the public 's money has been spent on the Games , three-quarters of which has reportedly been invested in long-term regeneration . But while the Olympic stadium is visible from much of east London , how many people there will actually see tangible benefits from the Games ? Regardless of its future legacy , the Olympics are here now , and east London has much to be proud of . As for whether the Games can mark a turning point in the fortunes of some of Britain 's poorest areas , the verdict on that wo n't be returned until long after the athletes have gone and the world 's eyes have again turned away . Read more : London prepares for an Olympics to remember	East London has long been home to the capital 's working , creative and criminal classes The East End is one of Britain 's most ethnically diverse -- and poor -- areas Many doubt the Olympics will bring long-term benefits to east London
CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force has now identified at least 31 women as victims in a growing sex scandal , a four-star general said Thursday , and there might be more . The Air Force is broadening its investigation to "  actively seek any others that may have been affected by this , " Gen. Edward Rice , the commander of Air Force Training , said . "  We are taking a comprehensive look not only at the cases that we know , but trying to do the best we can to assess whether or not there are other cases out there , " Rice told reporters at the Pentagon . Rice said the Air Force had taken "  the unprecedented step " of shutting down all recruit training for one day to give a written survey to all basic military trainees at Lackland Air Force base . The Texas base has become the focal point of the growing scandal . Air Force base reports more sexual misconduct charges One trainer has pleaded guilty to having an improper relationship with a trainee , as part of a plea agreement . Staff Sgt. Peter Vega-Maldonado has been sentenced to 90 days in prison , 30 days hard labor and a demotion in rank and pay . In his plea deal , he also provided testimony against two other trainers who have been charged . He also said he had inappropriate relationships with 10 trainees . The scandal came to light in June 2011 , when a young female trainee came forward and accused her male instructor of assaulting her . Staff Sgt. Luis Walker now faces a general court-martial on 28 charges , including rape , adultery and aggravated sexual assault . He is scheduled to appear in court July 16 . In November 2011 , Rice says several military training instructors , both men and women , overheard a group of male instructors "  talking about incidents that were unacceptable " and reported what they heard to superior officers . This week , the Air Force brought charges against two more instructors . Master Sgt. Jamey Crawford is accused of giving alcohol to a female trainee and having sex with her . Tech . Sgt. Christopher Smith is accused of seeking to conduct an intimate relationship with a trainee , making sexual advances toward a trainee and carrying on a personal social relationship with a second trainee . "  The basic training environment in particular is a target-rich environment for sexual predators , " says Anu Bhagwati , a former Marine Corps officer who says the problem goes beyond one branch of service . Bhagwati says there 's no such thing as male instructors having consensual sex with young , female recruits . "  You can not do anything without requesting permission from your drill instructor . You can not use the bathroom , you can not move from left to right , you are literally in many cases a robot waiting for permission to take a step . And if you have that relationship which is based on fear and intimidation ... if that 's the person you 're asking help from , it becomes a very bizarre scenario . " Betrayal of trust ? Allegations of rape at West Point , Annapolis Bhagwati was a communications officer and martial arts instructor in the Marine Corps , and she said she witnessed several incidents of sexual harassment of junior female Marines . "  You are subject to every single order that comes out of that instructor 's mouth . If you 're not going to tell him , who are you supposed to tell ? And how are you supposed to get out of that unit to seek help ? " Rice agrees . "  Personal relationships of any kind between trainees and instructors is strictly prohibited by our regulations and our instructions . " Rice said he does not believe the investigation of 12 instructors at Lackland necessarily means a systemic problem exists across the entire Air Force training command . "  Nine of those 12 were in one unit . We have a total of nine squadrons , and nine of them came from one squadron . So in my assessment to this point , it is not an issue of an endemic problem throughout basic military training . It is more localized . " The Air Force has relieved the officer who commanded the 331st Training Sqaudron during the time these incidents took place . He no longer runs the squadron , but "  remains in the Air Force , in ` administrative hold ' at Lackland Air Base , pending his next assignment , " Rice said . The Air Force said 11 % of its military training instructors are women . In response to a question from CNN , Rice said , "  I will look at whether we need to hire more female MTIs , and whether we need to have only female MTIs over female trainees . " The Pentagon estimates 19,000 sexual assaults occur each year . But only 14 % of these crimes are actually reported . And less than 8 % go to a court-martial . Defense officials say every base is supposed to have a confidential sexual assault response coordinator . Defense Secretary Leon Panetta recently announced special victims units would deploy trained professionals to various bases around the world . These independent personnel would be trained in interviewing victims and collecting evidence of sexual assaults . Female service members sue U.S. military for alleged rape , sexual assault	Gen. Edward Rice says Air Force broadening investigation to "  actively seek any others " One male instructor has pleaded guilty ; 11 more either facing charges or under investigation Air Force shuts down all recruit training for one day at Lackland Air Force base to give survey Former Marine : Basic training is "  a target-rich environment for sexual predators "
Financial Times  -- The global manufacturing sector is in the worst shape since the summer of 2009 as slowing economic growth and the deepening eurozone crisis take their toll on the world 's factories . Purchasing managers ' index surveys released on Monday indicated global manufacturing activity weakened slightly last month to the lowest level since June 2009 , when the world economy was emerging from recession . However , the fortunes of manufacturers diverged depending on their location : conditions deteriorated in Asia and the eurozone but picked up slightly in the US and UK . The JP Morgan PMI of global manufacturing fell slightly from 50.2 in August to 49.9 in September . Chris Williamson , chief economist at Markit , which compiles the PMI surveys , said : "  Generally , the conditions in global manufacturing are getting worse , with the eurozone seeing the steepest deterioration -LSB- and -RSB- increasing signs of weakness in Asia " . The surveys come as politicians and central bankers race to resolve the eurozone sovereign debt crisis amid fears that uncertainty about the region 's fate is hampering the global economic recovery . Manufacturing activity in the US rose slightly faster than economists expected , according to the Institute for Supply Management survey , lifting hopes that the world 's biggest economy can avoid slipping back into recession . Carmakers in the US reported strong sales for September , as consumers replaced old vehicles , credit conditions eased and the supply of Japanese vehicles recovered . Activity also rose slightly in the UK , confounding economists ' expectations that the sector would shrink . In both the US and the UK , rising production coincided with a drop in backlogs of work , which economists said suggested the pace of expansion might not be sustainable . In the eurozone , the manufacturing sector shrank for the second month in a row , with new orders falling at their fastest pace since June 2009 . Economists at Barclays Capital said this was "  consistent with a deepening industrial recession " . German manufacturers were the strongest in the region while those in Greece , Spain and Ireland suffered most . PMI surveys in Asia showed a fourth successive monthly fall in activity in Taiwan , while manufacturing in India slowed to its weakest level for two and a half years . Conditions also worsened in Japan . Official PMI figures for China , published at the weekend by the National Bureau of Statistics , showed a slight improvement in activity . Manufacturers continued to hire more people in the US , Germany , Japan and several other countries , while there were job losses in China , the UK and India , among others . © The Financial Times Limited 2011	The global manufacturing sector is in the worst shape since summer 2009 This is due to slowing economic growth and the deepening eurozone crisis Conditions deteriorated in Asia and the eurozone but picked up slightly in the US and UK
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- You do n't expect to hear an electric saw in church , but Kevin Cross uses the tool along with a frying pan , blender and toaster oven to help free people from debt . Kevin Cross holds the boards steady as a woman uses a reciprocating saw to cut up her credit cards . This money missionary helps people destroy those little plastic shovels , otherwise known as credit cards , that so many people have used to dig their way to financial ruin . "  It 's such an easy message . It really is , " says Cross , an ex-con who credits religion for his conversion from thief to money coach . "  That 's why it does n't take a rocket scientist , it does n't take a CPA to do it . A first-year bookkeeper can figure out that you ca n't spend more than you make , " he said . Earlier this month , Cross spoke to about 150 people at the Miami Vineyard Community Church where Kevin Fischer is the pastor . "  You 've got to plan your spending ; you 've got to give back a part to God . You 've got to save for the future , and you 've got to learn to be content , " said Fischer . Fischer says the pressure of money and debt is enormous on people , especially more recently . "  We should change the marriage vows from 'till death do us part ' to ` debt do us part ' because that 's what 's going on , and it 's so true , " he said . Cross is breathless . As he speaks to the crowd , he 's a non-stop , does n't - come-up-for-air , high-octane money missionary . He uses Christian principles , prayer , common sense , and a few good one-liners to get his message across . "  I had a 401k , it went to a 201k , went to 101k , now it 's just K , " he said as the crowd laughs . "  I 'm thinking I got a thousand bucks left , and I can retire for about a week . " Cross presides over a day-long sermon on how people can make their lives better by taking control of their spending . He says he tries to demonstrate the long-term effects of irresponsible borrowing . Simple stuff , he says , will make people more content and give them the cushion necessary to give back . His new book is "  Building Your Financial Fortress in 52 Days . " "  I want to get people to have more margin , so instead of investing in stuff , and stuff that does n't last , they can invest in people 's lives , " he said . The tools he uses to hammer home his message go beyond his overhead TV screens , charts and calculators . Cross invites his guests , who pay $ 25 a head to hear his message , to come up to the front of the room for what he calls the beginning of "  freedom . " On a table , sit a frying pan , a toaster oven , a blender and a wooden sawhorse and an electric saw . About six people cut up their credit cards and bake them in the toaster oven as if they were TV dinners . Others sliced and diced their Visa , MasterCard and Amex , before mixing the pieces with Spam in the blender . At one point , Cross called for some cooking oil as one lady stood over her credit card-saute with a spatula . Holding a plate full of the little pieces of credit card , Cross said , "  This looks like a melted credit card , but this really represents freedom in these people 's lives , because it 's the first step . " Cellie Mayol says she used to have 10 or 11 credit cards . She put on protective goggles , taped her cards to a two-by-four and shredded them with a reciprocating saw . "  It just felt like the right thing to do to get me started on the right path , " she said . "  The Sawzall -LSB- reciprocating saw -RSB- was exhilarating . I love that feeling . " Kevin Cross was n't always this way . About 20 years ago , as a teen , he embezzled about $ 300,000 from the sheriff 's office in Broward County , Florida . Yes , the sheriff 's office . Cross was a bookkeeper and skimmed money from an account filled by payments from court judgments . He invested the stolen funds and profited about $ 50,000 before he was caught . He was charged with fraud and theft , and spent minimal time in jail . He paid half the money back . But , he says , that was another life ago . Cross says it took him four years to crawl out of his own hole ; He was $ 100,000 in debt . "  I could spend a thousand dollars a day , " Cross told the crowd . "  Although , I 'd have to spend about two days recovering from that -- you know what I mean , " he said . "  I completely sabotaged my life , all in one year . I did more damage in one year than most people do in their whole life . " One night , as a 20 year old , he says , he was parking cars at Miami 's Hyatt Regency hotel . He was wearing black ladies garden shoes , because he could n't afford the black sneakers that were part of his uniform . A Jaguar pulled up , and inside was one of Miami 's most recognizable newsmen , anchorman Dwight Lauderdale . He took the car , turned on the radio , and heard a Christian financial expert say , "  There is hope for the hopeless . All you have to do is give your heart and soul to the Lord . " "  And then , I thought , oh Lord , if you 're there . I need you . " "  I was n't going to find satisfaction in money . The only place I was going to find it was outside of that , and I found it , in turning my heart over to God . " He became a CPA and spends one full day each week doing free financial counseling for needy people . He says he no longer gets high on money . He only helps people understand that they can manage their money in a way that can help themselves , their families and others . Juan and Beth Diaz were at the seminar . They said they ran up their credit cards and that their home , south of Miami , went into foreclosure last year . "  America has been a very greedy , give-me-now country for so long , and I think it 's a wake-up call for everybody that we can live differently , " said Beth Diaz . Juan Diaz , her husband , says doing away with credit cards has helped them . The couple plans to be debt free in about 18 months . "  They 're telling you : ` Use me , you need me ' -- and they own you . We 've gotten to the point where we just do n't need credit cards , " he explained . "  Everything we do , we plan , and if we do n't have the money , we just do n't buy it , " he said .	Kevin Cross teaches churchgoers about the evil of credit cards Cross was convicted of fraud and theft as a teenager He turned to religion after hearing a radio message in a car while a valet Saws and frying pans among the tools he uses to "  free " clients
London , England  CNN  -- British citizens who travel to Israel should be aware that their passport details could be captured for "  improper uses , " Britain 's Foreign Office warned Tuesday . It follows Britain 's expulsion of an Israeli diplomat and its accusation that the Israeli government was responsible for forging British passports used in an international murder plot . Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Tuesday that there are "  compelling reasons " to believe Israel was behind it . Twelve suspects in the January murder of Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , who was found dead in his Dubai hotel room , used British passports , the Dubai police have said . Miliband said the passports had been copied from "  genuine British passports " in a "  highly sophisticated operation , " indicating that a state intelligence service was responsible . The Foreign Office changed its official travel advice Tuesday for British citizens going to Israel , to warn them about the risk of their passport details being compromised . A British investigation "  found circumstantial evidence of Israeli involvement in the fraudulent use of British passports , " the advice says . "  This has raised the possibility that your passport details could be captured for improper uses while your passport is out of your control . The risk applies in particular to passports without biometric security features . "  We recommend that you only hand your passport over to third parties , including Israeli officials , when absolutely necessary . " Britain 's Serious Organised Crime Agency concluded that the 12 British people whose passports were cloned were "  wholly innocent victims of identity theft , " the foreign secretary said . Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement . Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said the British government would be giving its report on the passports to the Australian Federal Police , who are investigating how some of their country 's passports came to be used by the Dubai suspects . In an interview Tuesday with the Australian Broadcasting Company , Smith said Australia was not taking any action yet . "  We have an investigation underfoot , and we will await the results of that investigation by the Australian Federal Police , " Smith said . He added : "  We 're treating this matter very seriously . Israel understands that , and when I receive the report  from the federal police  , we 'll make judgments which will be in Australia 's national interest . " Dubai police had previously said three Australian passports were used in the murder plot , but Smith said there were four . He said there is nothing to indicate that the holders of the passports were anything but "  innocent victims " in the crime . Al-Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead January 20 in his Dubai hotel room . Police believe he was killed the night before , allegedly by the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad . A source close to the investigation said Wednesday that the total number of suspects had increased to 28 , from 27 , after Australia confirmed the use of a fourth passport . Six suspects used Irish passports , four used French documents , one had German papers and four had Australian papers . There is also one Palestinian suspect , police have said . Interpol expands search for suspects Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim , Dubai police chief , has said not all the suspects had fraudulent passports . "  We know some of the names are real , " he said . Interpol , the international police agency , has issued "  red notices " to help search for the suspects . The notices are not international arrest warrants , but are a way of alerting police forces around the world that the suspects are wanted by United Arab Emirates authorities .	UK warns citizens who travel to Israel passports could be copied for "  improper uses " Miliband : Passports used by Hamas leader 's killers were copied by Israel Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , founding member of Hamas ' military wing , found dead Jan. 20 in Dubai Dubai Police believe he was killed by secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad
CNN  -- President Obama is not shy about showing off his jump shot on the basketball court , but on Tuesday night , it was his baseball skills that were put to the test . President Obama throws out the first pitch at the 2009 All-Star Game onTuesday in St Louis , Missouri . Obama , clad in a Chicago White Sox jacket and blue jeans , threw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in St. Louis , Missouri . His low pitch barely reached home plate and the mitt of St. Louis Cardinals star Albert Pujols . Obama became the fifth president to throw out the first pitch at an All-Star Game , but the first in 33 years . He is following in the footsteps of Franklin D. Roosevelt , John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , and Gerald Ford . Asked about plans to practice before the game , Obama said Tuesday , "  I want to loosen up my arm a little bit . " "  The last time I threw a pitch was at the American League championship series , and I just wanted to keep it high , " the president said of his opening pitch at the 2005 Chicago White Sox-Anaheim Angels game . Aiming high is a good strategy , says St. Louis Cardinals scout Matt Blood , but it takes more than on-point aim to make the perfect pitch . "  Throw it with some force , do n't lob it in there . Try to get a good downhill plane . Try to keep it in the strike zone , " said Blood , who will be at the game Tuesday . HLN sports anchor Larry Smith , who has thrown out a few first pitches , says Obama has to be careful to "  not try to overpower it . " "  There 's no speed gun on this . Just make it a nice solid throw to the catcher , " Smith said . "  The one thing he does n't want to do is bounce it home . Mr. Obama is pretty athletic , so I think he 'll ace this . " Overpowering it should n't be an issue for the president , who joked Tuesday that he 'd be surprised if his 2005 pitch exceeded 30 miles per hour . The president also needs to make sure he uses his whole arm , Blood said . "  You 'll see a lot of people throw kind of out front . Their elbow will start out front and they 'll never get their arm back behind their body , and wo n't get a full arm swing . It will be real short , and not very rhythmic , " he said . Former Major League Baseball pitcher Jim Bouton said Obama 's at the top of his game , and he can "  afford to take a few chances . " "  He should toss it a little further to the left . The righties are down by 15 runs in the ninth , they 've got no team leadership . They 're fighting with each other in the opposing dugout , " he joked . All kidding aside , Obama should "  just go with his instincts , like any good athlete , " Bouton said . "  You do n't want to throw the ball into the ground or behind you , that 's for sure . " Obama also does n't want to do what Cincinnati Mayor Mark Mallory did in his opening pitch for the Reds 2007 season . He missed home plate by 30 feet . Video of the Democratic mayor 's embarrassing throw has been viewed nearly 2 million times on YouTube . But the opening pitch is n't always a light-hearted moment . President Bush described his opening pitch at Yankees stadium during the 2001 World Series as "  the most nervous moment " of his presidency so far . The game came less than two months after the September 11 terrorists attacks . Bush wore an FDNY jacket to pay tribute to the New York City Fire Department . He stepped onto the pitchers mound , and before a cheering crowd of nearly 60,000 , he threw a strike . The crowded erupted in chants of "  U-S-A , U-S-A . " Before the game Tuesday night , Obama and all of the living former presidents will appear in a community service video . After the video is shown , Obama will take the field at Busch Stadium and greet the six St. Louis Cardinal Hall of Fame players . He then will throw his pitch to Cardinals ' all-star first baseman Albert Pujols . Major League Baseball said the president will wear a specially made glove for his appearance , with a script Obama 44 and an American flag on it . The glove will then be sent to the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown , New York . If Obama has butterflies about his pitch , Blood says the president should use the nervous energy to his advantage . "  For Obama , I 'm sure he 's dealt with much more pressure than throwing out the first pitch at a baseball game , but I would -- instead of seeing it as pressure -- I would think of it as an exciting opportunity and turn the nervousness into positive adrenaline , " he said . CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report .	President Obama throws opening pitch at All-Stars game Tuesday Cincinnati Mayor Mark Mallory got lots of attention for his embarrassing throw Obama should "  turn the nervousness into positive adrenaline , " scout advises
CNN  -- Los Angeles is a funny place . And not just in an ironic sense . Also literally . More funny business happens every day in the world 's entertainment capital than anywhere else . Home of blooming talents , top headliners and celebs showing up unannounced on small stages for a quick set , L.A. is where the country 's top comic talent gravitates to make you -- and , more importantly , that guy from Fox -- laugh . And not just at those staple industry hubs and comedy franchises you probably know about . L.A. 's comedy circuit radiates well beyond Melrose and the Sunset Strip . From the South Bay to the Westside to North Hollywood to a vaunted stage in Pasadena where a young Robin Williams and some ex-weatherman named David Letterman once showed promise , these comedy venues consistently deliver hilarious goods . West Hollywood Hollywood Improv , The Laugh Factory , The Comedy Store Open since : 1970s Top draws : From Richard Pryor , George Carlin and Rodney Dangerfield to the latest Comedy Central luminaries , decades of the most hallowed names in comedy have called at least one of these three hubs home . Claim to fame : L.A. 's comedy trifecta Why combine three of the country 's biggest comedy club names  which have spawned multiple locations  in one short writeup ? Because their flagships are within a four-minute drive of each other , and even if you missed all 400-plus episodes of "  An Evening at the Improv , " or all 80 straight hours of the longest standup comedy show in history  a benefit held at the Laugh Factory in 2010 featuring about 150 comics  or the last 25 years of the "  Ding-Dong Show "  Monday nights at The Comedy Store  , you probably do n't need us to tell you about these places if you 're a standup fan . Comedy history continues to be made at these three landmarks , which have drink minimums and an industry-ish vibe . Collectively , they 've presided over L.A. 's seminal standup era in the '70s and all of its subsequent renaissances , while jump-starting countless comedy careers in the process . Hollywood Improv , 8162 Melrose Ave. , Hollywood ; +1 323 651 2583 The Laugh Factory , 8001 Sunset Blvd. , Los Angeles ; +1 323 656 1336 The Comedy Store , 8433 Sunset Blvd. , Los Angeles ; +1 323 650 6268 Pasadena The Ice House Comedy Club Open since : 1960  1978 as a comedy-only club Top draws : A virtual who 's who of comics over the last half century and counting -- from Robin Williams , George Carlin and David Letterman to Chelsea Handler , Adam Corolla and Whitney Cummings . Claim to fame : Tony neighborhoods . Jet propulsion labs . Rose parades and big college football games . People come to Pasadena for a variety of reasons . Comedy would n't be one of them if not for The Ice House , a former 1960s folk music hotspot that 's dedicated itself solely to standup since the late '70s . "  The Ice House is the oldest club to continuously showcase standup comedians in the United States -- and probably the world , " says Bob Fisher , club owner for the last 36 years . As myriad photos and memorabilia hanging on the wall outside the showroom confirm  including a 1979 contract for "  Gary Shandoling " -LSB- sic -RSB- to perform an entire week here for $ 150  , this place has hosted , headlined and helped launch the careers of countless performers over the years , and continues to do so . Bonus : That cackling , middle-aged Altadena couple beside you sharing mozzarella sticks and a bathtub-sized cocktail have no idea what either CAA or UTA stands for . Like you , they 're just here for a good time . The Ice House , 38 N. Mentor Ave , Pasadena ; +1 626 577 1894 Hermosa Beach The Comedy & Magic Club Open since : 1978 Top draws : Jay Leno , Daniel Tosh , Kathleen Madigan , Bill Burr . Occasional Chris Rock , Ray Romano , Arsenio Hall and Jerry Seinfeld drop-ins . Claim to fame : Home of weekly Leno shows and Seinfeld 's "  puffy shirt . " A fixture in the South Bay , The Comedy & Magic Club may be best known as the place where Jay Leno continues to perfect his network-free standup game on Sunday evenings , with tickets going on sale a few months in advance . But this Hermosa Beach institution is much more than that . The low-key room has been a magnet for so many comic vets over the years that its famous green room graffiti  signatures and one liners from many big names  now extends down the back hallway . The club has been a who 's who of top and emerging comic talent for nearly four decades . Weekend shows can host up to 10 performers , featuring a range of names you know or soon will , plus the odd illusionist working a set of A-game magic between gags . Smart audiences here  "  Are there any engineers in the crowd ? "  lean more toward the neighboring aerospace industry than Hollywood . Bonus : The venue 's built-in showroom museum is like the Louvre for comedy memorabilia -- from Buster Keaton 's hat and Charlie Chaplin 's duds to George Carlin 's bell-bottoms , Roseanne 's waitress uniform , Eddie Murphy 's "  Nutty Professor " garb , Jerry Seinfeld 's puffy shirt and Robin Williams ' "  Popeye " and "  Bicentennial Man " gear . The Comedy & Magic Club , 1018 Hermosa Ave. , Hermosa Beach ; +1 310 372 1193 Santa Monica M.i 's Westside Comedy Theater Open since : 2009 Top draws : Mission IMPROVable , Zach Galifianakis , Demetri Martin , Natasha Leggero . Recent drop-ins include Dave Chappelle , Judd Apatow and David Alan Grier Claim to fame : "  We own comedy west of the 405 . " Hiding next to a parking garage in a back alley  but a friendly one in beach-y Santa Monica  , the neighborhood 's top comedy venue has been swiftly outgrowing its underground vibe with frequent top tier guests , industry-sponsored shows and  the ultimate de-radicalizer  a recent "  Top Place To Scout New Talent " nod from Variety.com . Fortunately this growth spurt is tempered by a soulful rotation of standup , improv , sketch , confessionals and open mics  they do it all here  in a small room with no drink minimums  and more than 30 beers  where the owners still perform on Thursday nights at 10 p.m. for free in The Grind . Home to the hit improv comedy group Mission IMPROVable , the theater hosts its signature show on Friday and Saturday nights . Additional comedy cred : Epic Rap Battles of History was born as a live show right on this small stage . M.i 's Westside Comedy Theater , 1323 Third Street Promenade , Santa Monica ; +1 310 451 0850 North Hollywood Ha Ha Cafe Comedy Club Open since : 1988 Top draws : Kevin Hart , Chris Tucker , Gabriel Iglesias , Joe Rogan , Damon Wayans  Sr. and Jr.  . Claim to fame : "  The only comedy club in L.A. that offers a daily open mic and five-10 minutes of stage time ! " When Ha Ha is in your name , you ca n't take yourself too too seriously -- which is almost never a bad thing in the weighty , overly spotlit world of L.A. comedy . The best big little comedy club in NoHo , just up the road from that other Hollywood , this unpretentious spot is equally on and off the grid . Weekends feature All Star Comedy Shows that can reel in a killer set by Fluffy Guy . Monday evenings host "  Next Comic Standing , " featuring some nervous , sweaty guy you definitely do n't know . Open mics are available daily for anyone brave enough to shell out $ 5 or $ 10 for a soft drink coupon and five or 10 minutes of stage time . On any day , ducking past the front curtain and comedy lessons postings here will inevitably lead to some laughs , groans and the very real possibility that some famous name dropping by to test out new material on a safe , comfortable stage will bump the next 10 slots of newbies who 've been waiting all week for this moment . Ha Ha Cafe Comedy Club , 5010 Lankershim Blvd. , North Hollywood ; +1 818 508 4995	There 's more top-level comedy in the world 's entertainment capital than anywhere else Famous comedians often drop into small clubs in L.A. to test new material The Hollywood Improv , The Laugh Factory and The Comedy Store make up L.A. 's comedy trifecta But small communities such as Pasadena and Hermosa Beach also host world-class comedy
CNN  -- In his youth , Ronald Lindsey planned to enter the priesthood , so fervent was his devotion to God . But these days , Lindsay is devoted to protecting a person 's right to ridicule , criticize -- even lambaste God . Super Bowl Sunday Praying for a Hail Mary was painted by Dana Ellyn . You might say he is a blasphemer 's savior . The devout Catholic turned non-believer leads a movement that is all about protecting people 's rights to speak irreverently about religion . Criticizing God is an act punishable by death in several nations . In America , blasphemy laws remain on the books in six states , though they are largely arcane and not enforced . But everywhere , it seems to Lindsay , scoffing at God is not socially acceptable . People are willing to tolerate the harshest statements about the president of the United States , he said . But talk about Jesus or Mohammed -- that 's a whole different ball game . "  We think religious beliefs should be subject to examination and criticism just as political beliefs are , " said Lindsay , 56 , who heads the Center for Inquiry in Amherst , New York , an organization that claims about 100,000 followers worldwide . "  But we have a taboo on religion . " Outraged by nations that want to execute blasphemers and propelled by a deep belief in the freedom of expression , Lindsay is forging ahead with his "  nothing is sacred " movement . Wednesday marks the first organized observance of Blasphemy Day , a series of events , exhibits and lectures unfolding in a host of mostly North American cities that are part of a larger Campaign for Free Expression . The day coincides with the fifth anniversary of a Danish newspaper 's publication of controversial cartoons about Mohammed . The depictions of the prophet wearing a bomb as a turban with a lit fuse sparked protests by Muslims worldwide and prompted media outlets to censor themselves . But to Lindsay , a society is not truly free unless people can freely air their views on any subject -- including God . The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , when asked about the day on Wednesday , declined to comment . Blasphemy Day even includes a contest that invites participants to come up with slogans that might be judged blasphemous by society . And , yes , the winner gets a T-shirt heralding the prized slogan . Lindsay offered this sample : "  There 's nothing wrong with God that a dose of reality wo n't cure . " Some of the entries are so crude they ca n't be published by CNN . But since the Center for Inquiry is all about freedom of expression , it ca n't reject any of them . Lindsay has made it clear that expletive-ridden , crass slogans are not the type of entry that is destined to win , but he makes no apologies for statements that might offend a devout person 's sensitivities . Neither does artist Dana Ellyn , 38 , of Washington D.C. , who is showing her provocative paintings of God and religion in a special Blasphemy Day show Wednesday evening . Ellyn grew up as a non-believer but later studied religion on her own to understand it . After all , she said , it 's such an important part of society . She found the concept of faith fascinating . It was an unknown to her . She painted a scene from Noah 's Ark with a black child sitting under the table . How did the races evolve , her art asks those who believed in the Biblical tale ? She portrayed Jesus painting his crucifixion nails after she noticed a church group using space next to a nail salon in a shopping mall stung by recession . She said she realizes her work makes people uncomfortable , though her intent is not to disrespect . "  Even to say , ' I do n't believe in God ' is enough to knock someone out of their chair and then to see it in a picture ... I 've had a lot of hate come my way . " And even though she does n't believe in hell , she feels a bit uneasy hearing that she is going straight to it . "  I am in no way trying to be a poster child for atheism , " Ellyn said . "  But I do n't want to be punished for not believing in God . " Ellyn said she never means to harm anyone , so she finds it frightening that someone could be punished -- or lose their life -- over remarks or actions considered blasphemous . An Afghan student journalist was sentenced to death for distributing a paper that allegedly blasphemed Islam . A British schoolteacher spent time in a Sudanese jail after she allowed her students to name teddy bears after Mohammed . These are cases that worry Lindsay and the members of his organization . He is most distressed by the U.N. General Assembly considering next month a binding resolution on the defamation of religion . All this did not come easy to Lindsay , the son of Catholic parents who bared his soul in a confession booth each week . Later , he studied religion and philosophy in at Georgetown University . The more he read , the more he questioned beliefs that had been ingrained from childhood . Slowly , the would-be-priest turned into an atheist lawyer -- and a 21st-century defender of time-worn sacrilege .	Wednesday marks first organized observance of Blasphemy Day Leader is devoted to protecting a person 's right to ridicule , criticize , lambaste God Painter aghast someone could be punished , killed over blasphemous remarks
CNN  -- British jets sent to join the fight against ISIS have conducted reconnaissance missions but have not yet targeted any militant positions , the country 's Ministry of Defence said Saturday . The intelligence gathered by the aircraft will help determine targets for future missions , according to the ministry . They 're ready to strike when necessary , the ministry said . The Royal Air Force Tornadoes were sent from the Akrotiri air base in Cyprus to Iraq , according to the defense ministry . Photographs released by the ministry appeared to show two aircraft . A tanker aircraft supported the British fighters , the Ministry of Defence said , adding that U.K. transport aircraft continued to deliver supplies to Kurdish forces fighting ISIS . Parliament authorized airstrikes by British forces on Friday against ISIS in Iraq , but not Syria . How much will it cost Britain to bomb ISIS ? ` Not the stuff of fantasy ' The 524-43 vote to join the air campaign came after Prime Minister David Cameron told Parliament that the country had a "  duty to take part " in international efforts to combat the extremist group . The terror group is an organization of "  staggering " brutality , he said , which has already killed one British hostage and threatens the lives of two more . "  This is not a threat on the far side of the world ; left unchecked , we will face a terrorist caliphate on the shores of the Mediterranean and bordering a NATO member , with a declared and proven determination to attack our country and our people , " he said . The anatomy of ISIS : How it is run , from oil to beheadings "  This is not the stuff of fantasy ; it is happening in front of us ; and we need to face up to it . " The government insists such action is legal because Iraq 's government has requested international help to tackle the Sunni extremist group , which has overrun vast swathes of Iraq and Syria and massacred religious minorities and Shia Muslims . Anti-ISIS coalition grows , but that does n't mean victory is near Wariness over new Iraq action The parliamentary authorization , which was backed by the three main Westminster parties , rules out the use of UK troops in any possible ground combat operations in Iraq . Many lawmakers who spoke in the debate before the vote voiced wariness over new military action in Iraq given the way the 2003 war turned out . UK forces already have been taking part in surveillance and reconnaissance missions over Iraq , as well as aiding Kurdish forces with equipment . Everything you need to know about the rise of the ` Islamic State ' The United States and a handful of Arab nations began bombing raids in Syria this week against ISIS targets . U.S. aircraft had already been carrying out airstrikes against ISIS -- the group also known as ISIL , which calls itself the Islamic State -- in Iraq since last month . French fighter jets have also carried out bombing raids in Iraq , while Belgium and Denmark have also said they will provide planes . Opinion : Airstrikes will not beat ISIS CNN 's Susannah Palk contributed to this report .	NEW : British jets conduct recon flights over Iraq , the UK Ministry of Defence says Ministry : The jets are ready to strike when necessary The mission comes a day after Parliament approved military action in Iraq RAF Tornadoes were deployed from an airbase in Cyprus to fly over Iraq
CNN  -- Many Americans might feel reassured when Tom Frieden , the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Protection , says the battle against Ebola in the United States is being waged effectively . His bedside manner is impeccable and his calm confident demeanor inspiring . Yet many might also wonder how the Ebola virus entered the United States and appeared in Dallas under his watch in the first place . So where is the reassuring guy with the beard and the fancy naval uniform festooned with medals , who warned us for so long about the dangers of smoking ? The colorful and trustworthy former surgeon general of the United States , Dr. C. Everett Koop ? At a time when many Americans are afraid of the possible spread of a deadly virus , we do not have a full-fledged surgeon general -- often called the "  Nation 's Doctor " -- and have not had one since Regina Benjamin resigned in 2013 . We do n't notice government officials are missing until a crisis emerges . Now , when Americans perceive what 's happening with Ebola as a national health crisis , the seat of the "  Doctor in Charge " remains empty . Yes , we have an acting surgeon general , Rear Adm. Boris Lushniak , but the President has expressed no interest in appointing him to the permanent spot , and without the support of the President , the post does n't have much power . Although Sen. John McCain is urging the appointment of an "  Ebola czar , " it should be the surgeon general in full battle attire , the "  Nation 's Doctor , " who is stepping up . Who 's to blame for this vacancy at a time when Ebola is causing two-thirds of Americans to fear a widespread epidemic ? Complete coverage on Ebola The Republicans blame the President for nominating Dr. Vivek Murthy , a 36-year-old physician and entrepreneur . Republicans say he 's too young , and his prime qualification for the nation 's most prestigious medical post appears to be that he was once co-chairman of "  Doctors for Obama . " Democrats counter that Republican opposition has nothing to do with the highly trained doctor 's tender age , but is based on his support of the Affordable Care Act and his opinion that gun violence is a public health issue . Putting the gun issue aside , 36 does seem a little young to take on such an important post . Many medical doctors are just finishing advanced training in their mid-30s . Searching for a prestigious hospital affiliation and joining a good medical practice are their primary concerns , not the formation of national health policy . While Murthy has impressive academic credentials , surely a little more seasoning is required to be a surgeon general . Undoubtedly the President 's advisers could easily locate an experienced , articulate and relatively nonpolitical doctor who would be proud to assume the post . We do n't pick our doctors for their politics , we pick them for their experience and their competence . The surgeon general should be selected in the same spirit -- and one would hope that the President and Congress would have figured this out . At some point , the surgeon general must stand at the podium and inspire the confidence of the American people . The post has been around for a long time , dating back in slightly different forms to the presidency of Ulysses Grant , who managed to appoint a competent physician while putting the country back together in the aftermath of the Civil War . Surely our political leaders can muster the will to put a seasoned surgeon general at the helm as soon as possible . Nothing is more reassuring to a sick and troubled patient than the calm and steady voice of a physician offering sound advice and proper medical treatment .	Paul Callan : CDC head is playing ` Nation 's Doctor ' in reassuring Americans about Ebola Callan : Ebola is scaring Americans , and we need a surgeon general to take charge But the GOP thinks President 's nominee is too political and , at 36 , too young Callan : We need Congress and President to appoint a permanent surgeon general
CNN  -- A Syrian soldier was killed in the restive city of Baniyas on Thursday , Syria 's official news agency said . But an activist says he is hearing that the soldier was shot by a secret police sniper in an effort to frame demonstrators in the city . "  An armed group of snipers opened fire today on a number of elements in the army while they were patrolling in the city of Baniyas , " the Syrian Arab News Agency said . The slain soldier was identified as Fadi Issa Mustafa . Another identified as Tayseer Omran , was wounded by a "  criminal group , " the news agency said . Activist Rami Nakhle said a doctor in Baniyas claimed that police shot the soldier . The incident comes as the army has been sent in to replace the secret police and establish order , a move welcomed by many Baniyas residents . Residents are claiming that the secret police have been firing on the government 's own security apparatus to paint the demonstrators as violent , Nakhle said . The developments reported by eyewitnesses and state media reports in Syria can not be independently confirmed . Protests against the Syrian regime have swept through the country and scores of people have died in clashes . Demonstrations have erupted lately in Baniyas , a city of about 40,000 on the Mediterranean coast . Opposition activists say security forces have fired on and beaten peaceful protesters , but the government claims that armed groups are firing at security forces and citizens . CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report	NEW : Activist says doctor in Baniyas claimed secret police shot an army soldier NEW : Residents claim police are trying to portray protesters as violent Syria says the soldier was killed by "  an armed group of snipers " Protests against the regime have swept through Syria in the past month
Manila  CNN  Forty-three elite police commandos were killed by Muslim insurgents in the southern Philippines Sunday , when they were ambushed while pursuing "  high value " terrorist bomb makers . The commandos , members of the elite Special Action Force  SAF  unit of the Philippine National Police , were killed in a firefight that raged for 12 hours in Mamasapano town , Maguindanao Province , said police deputy director general Leonardo Espina . Eleven police commandos had also been wounded in the firefight , he told a press conference in Cotabato City Monday . Members of both the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  , with whom the government has signed a peace agreement , and the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters  BIFF  , with whom it has not , were involved in the firefight , officials and rebel groups said . Grisly footage purporting to be of the aftermath of the battle was circulated online , showing uniformed bodies strewn in a rice field . "  This is the single largest loss of life in recent memory , " Secretary of the Department of Interior and Local Government Mar Roxas told the press conference , calling for a moment of silence from assembled reporters . "  These SAF operatives are fallen heroes . They were just doing their job ... That is why we salute them . " Roxas said that 392 SAF commandos been engaged to hunt Malaysian bomb-maker and Jemaah Islamiyah leader Zulkifli bin Hir , known as Marwan , and Filipino bomb maker Abdul Basit Usman . The FBI says that Marwan , who is suspected of having conducted bomb making training for Abu Sayyaf and has a $ 5 million State Department bounty for information leading to his arrest , is believed to have been hiding in the country 's south since 2003 . The U.S. government is also offering a reward of up to $ 1 million for information leading to Usman 's arrest . Roxas said the commandos were retreating from the assault on their targets when they came under fire from members of the BIFF . In maneuvering away from the BIFF assault , they strayed into territory controlled by the MILF several kilometers away , and a "  misencounter " ensued . The government had not been seeking to sabotage the peace agreement with the MILF by carrying out the operation without their knowledge , he said . "  We are hopeful and confident that this will not derail the peace talks , " he said . "  This was not directed against MILF , but this is directed against a very , very specific high-profile terrorist bomber who was in the area . " Espina said that it was "  most highly likely " that Marwan has been killed in the SAF assault , and DNA testing was being carried out to confirm this . But initial reports suggested that Usman had fled . A board of inquiry would conduct an investigation into the operation , including looking into the apparent lack of coordination with MILF forces in the area , said Espina . Mohagher Iqbal , chief negotiator for the MILF , said in an interview with Philippine radio station DZRH that a lack of coordination between the MILF ceasefire committee and the government was to blame for the outbreak of violence . It was a standard operating procedure that one side should notify the other before they began an operation , he said , describing the incident as self defense . While the area where the fighting occurred was mostly under MILF control , he said , BIFF , which was also involved in the firefight , was a mobile group , moving throughout the region . "  Chances are they were just there when it happened , " he said . He said his group was doing everything it could to ease tensions over the fighting , and that the incident would not have an effect on the ongoing peace process . The Philippines signed an agreement with the MILF , the largest rebel group in the south , in March last year . The deal offered greater autonomy , economic and political power in return for the rebels surrendering their weapons and ending a decades-long insurgency . But hardline rebel groups opposed to the peace process , such as the BIFF , remain active . Lieutenant Colonel Harold Cabunoc , public affairs office chief for the Armed Forces of the Philippines , appealed to the hardline BIFF group Monday to return any personnel under their control . "  We are also calling on our brothers in the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters that if indeed they are still holding some of the PNP  Philippine National Police  personnel , they must respect their rights and they must be returned to their mother units and ultimately to their family members , " he told reporters . Miriam Coronel-Ferrer , chair of the government panel responsible for overseeing the peace process with Muslim insurgents , said in a statement Monday that the violence highlighted the "  challenges that confound the peace process . " But the outbreak only strengthened the resolve of the peace panel to implement the "  Bangsamoro Basic Law " -- the bill , currently being heard by politicians , that seeks to implement the peace deal between the government and the MILF . Hearings of the bill were suspended Monday following the violence . "  With better cooperation , we will be able to prevent these kinds of incidents , " she said .	43 police commandos are killed in a firefight with Muslim rebels in southern Philippines Police were hunting bomb makers allegedly connected to Islamist terror groups Police believe their main target was killed , but the other may have fled
CNN  -- Call it keeping up with the next generation of Kardashians . OK , technically , Kendall Jenner is not a Kardashian . But the 18-year-old is a half-sibling of the Kardashian sisters and can be frequently seen on the E! reality series "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians . " She also seems to be taking after her older sisters in stirring up buzz via her fashion sense . On Sunday , Jenner and her 16-year-old sister , Kylie , who were hosting the 2014 MuchMusic Video Awards , appeared on the red carpet before the Canadian awards show . Though much has been written about their hosting  not all good  , even more has been said about Kendall 's red carpet dress , a Fausto Puglisi number that featured splits up to the thigh . Jenner 's pelvic bones were plainly visible and gave the impression that she was not wearing any underwear . Probably only her stylist knows for sure . Jenner was proud of the fuss . The aspiring model tweeted a pic of the dress , saying , "  Why do one slit when you can do TWO !? " Why indeed ? Jenner got the attention she clearly was going for , including a BuzzFeed feature that proclaimed that Angelina Jolie 's one-legged slitted gown was so 2012 . "  2014 , " said the site , "  is all about the pelvis . " What do you think about Jenner 's dress ? Haute or not ?	18-year-old Jenner wore a dress with double slits Her pelvic bones were visible She tweeted , "  Why do one split when you can do TWO !? "
CNN  -- Lewis Hamilton will start the first ever Russian Grand Prix in pole position after coming out on top in Saturday 's tense qualifying session . The Mercedes driver has been on dazzling form in recent weeks , winning consecutive races in Italy , Singapore and Japan to climb atop the overall driver 's standings , and his hot streak continued in the Black Sea resort town of Sochi . Hamilton clocked a fastest lap of one minute , 38.338 seconds but was made to sweat by the Williams of Valtteri Bottas who looked set to trump that time only to skid off at the very end of the third qualifying run . The slip ensured the Finn finished third fastest behind Hamilton 's teammate and title rival Nico Rosberg . McLaren 's Jenson Button will begin the race from fourth position ahead of the Toro Rosso of home favourite Daniil Kvyat who edged out Kevin Magnusson of McLaren and Daniel Ricciardo of Red Bull . "  Pole is a great place to start , " Hamilton told the waiting press after coming off the track . "  It was n't the easiest of sessions . Rosberg and Bottas were looking quite strong and hooking up a good lap was n't the same as practice . It will be tough tomorrow in the race . It is a long way down to turn one . We 'll see how that works out . " Elsewhere on the track , Fernando Alonso clocked the eighth fastest time just ahead of Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen . Four-time world Champion Sebastian Vettel , meanwhile , will start in eleventh position after failing to make the final qualifying run . "  I was n't comfortable in the car today . It was very difficult , " Vettel said . "  The car felt nervous , so I could n't take the speed into the corners , I lost the rear many times around the lap and therefore was n't quick enough . " The day 's qualifying took place under calm , sunny conditions that were in stark contrast to the heavy rain a week earlier in Japan that led to Marussia driver Jules Bianchi suffering a severe head injury . The 25-year-old Frenchman remains in hospital in Yokkaichi and a number of drivers spoke earlier this week about the difficulty of competing again so soon after such a traumatic incident . Hamilton said he was praying for the Frenchman while all 21 drivers have put the words "  Tous avec Jules # 17 " on their helmets this weekend to show their support . Bianchi 's Marussia teammate , Max Chilton , took to the track Saturday but finished the day in 21st position and will start last on the grid Sunday . He later described the emotions he and his team felt and the difficulties of trying to focus on racing under the circumstances . "  It 's been  a tough weekend and one that has n't got any easier as we 've progressed towards the race , " Chilton said . "  I 'm grateful for having the whole Team around me as I think that it is helping all of us to focus . "  Performance-wise , we did n't get the qualifying position we wanted today , but there are some reasons for that . "  We 'll keep pushing hard this evening , and do our best to get ahead of the Caterhams tomorrow , but the fact is , it 's not the same without my teammate . "	Hamilton claims pole position in Russian Grand Prix Title rival and teammate Nico Rosberg will begin in second position Mercedes pair pushed all the way by the Williams of Valtteri Bottas Drivers still trying to come to terms with the accident of Jules Bianchi in Japan last week
Watch the full interview with Denise Richards tonight . "  Piers Morgan Tonight " airs weeknights on CNN/US at 9 p.m. ET and on CNN International at 0200 GMT  Live simulcast  , 1200 GMT and 2000 GMT / HKT 2000 CNN -- "  If Charlie -LSB- Sheen -RSB- is to sort his life out , " Piers Morgan asked Denise Richards . "  Can you ever imagine a scenario where you might one day get back together ? " "  I 'm way too old for him now , " joked Richards , who turned 40 this year . "  I 'm way past his age range . " The actress and mother of three is a guest on Thursday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Richards is also a first-time author . Her new book , "  The Real Girl Next Door , " was released this week . Richards told Morgan that she and Sheen have been split up for six years . The couple 's divorce was finalized in 2006 . "  When we fell in love , " Richards said , "  he had been sober for three years . He was getting his life back together . He had just gotten a job on ` Spin City . ' And I really admired his strength and courage for overcoming addiction , and being so humble about it . "  And that 's what attracted me to him . So the Charlie that some of you have seen over the last six months is not the person that I met and married . " Richards went on to say that Sheen was "  amazing " when they first met . "  He was so humbled and sweet , and charming and funny . And had such a great heart , and very honest . And we just had a very deep connection . " Morgan asked Richards about her take on "  the recent circus of Charlie 's life . " "  From the beginning of it I was very worried , " she said . "  And it made me sad to see him that way . And so I was concerned . I was concerned for our children . " Richards said that , in dealing with Sheen , the couple 's two daughters -- Sam , 7 , and Lola , 6 -- remain her priority . "  We 'll always have a bond with our daughters , " she said . "  And I wish nothing but the best for him . " When Morgan asked Richards what her wish for her ex-husband was , the actress said she wants him to be healthy and there for his kids and himself . "  He 's a survivor , " said Richards . "  If anyone can pick themselves up , make a huge comeback , it 's Charlie . " Morgan asked , what is the weirdest rumor she 'd ever heard about herself ? "  Well , this is n't that hurtful , but it 's weird -- that I used to be a hooker . I used to be a Heidi Fleiss girl . I heard that rumor , " Richards answered . "  If anyone would know , it would be Charlie , " said Richards , referring to Sheen 's well-documented testimony in Fleiss ' 1995 trial that he had spent over $ 50,000 on 27 hookers . Richards , who is single , said of dating : "  The qualities that I look for now are different than prior to getting married and having kids . "  I find myself very attracted to men who have children . And I think one of the sexiest qualities in a man is seeing a man great with kids . " Richards called motherhood her greatest achievement . "  I love being a mother more than anything . And I get so much fulfillment and joy with my children . " Richards opened up about her recent adoption of a baby girl , whom she named Eloise Joni Richards . "  She 's amazing , " Richards said . She told Morgan that Sam and Lola "  are so in love with her . They are very protective of her . " As for whether she 'll marry again , Richards said she intends to "  be a good role model for my kids , and be a strong woman , even if it 's on my own . " Richards said that she also plans to continue acting , and that her dream gig has always been "  a role in a movie with Quentin Tarantino directing . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Richards : The Charlie that you 've seen over the last six months is not the man I married Richards : "  If anyone can pick themselves up , make a huge comeback , it 's Charlie " Denise Richards ' priority is her daughters : Sam , 7 , Lola , 6 , and her adopted newborn , Eloise Richards ' dream acting gig is a Quentin Tarantino directed film
CareerBuilder.com  -- The ever-popular HBO series "  Sex and the City " is rarely thought of as a workplace show , but if we take a closer look , we can see it is riddled with workplace clichés . Carrie Bradshaw , our main gal , somehow makes an extravagant living from one weekly newspaper column she often writes in her underwear while smoking what seems to be a smokeless cigarette inside her New York City apartment . Miranda Hobbes , a "  busy " corporate lawyer never seems too busy for lunches , parties , shopping or long walks around the city with best pal Carrie . Charlotte York is a museum curator who rarely curates anything but her obsession with finding Mr. Right and having Mr. Right , Jr. . Finally , but certainly not least in any sense of the word , Samantha Jones is a successful public relations practitioner despite a reputation the size of New York City itself . How ironic . Recently , over on the humor website , Cracked.com , one writer was fed up with the annoying clichés about women that keep popping up in movies . Tired of seeing gorgeous actresses playing the supposedly unattractive sister and an unrealistic emphasis on the glories of shopping , Christina H. penned "  6 obnoxious assumptions Hollywood makes about women . " The list is not only funny but also accurate if you stop and think about how many movies these annoying tropes occur in . It also got us thinking that Hollywood 's not just inaccurately portraying women in movies or on TV -- it 's off the mark about what it 's like for the average worker in today 's economy . As a result , we bring you 6 ways Hollywood lies to us about the workplace ... 1 . All the beautiful people Ever notice all the long-legged , luscious haired , model-types walking around your office ? What about all of the strapping , buff and impeccably dressed men ? We did n't think so . Hollywood can often make it seem like unattractive , overweight or simple-humored people do n't work . Skills ? Who needs 'em , right ? As long as you look good and utter funny , clever remarks all day , you 're bound to grow business and make bushels of money . Sure statistics exist regarding attractive people getting hired over , promoted instead of or paid more than unattractive ones , but these people also have skills , education or the ability to move business in some significant way . A pretty face might help , but if that 's all you got , it 's not going to cut it in the real world . Hollywood examples : The In Crowd , Confessions of a Shopaholic , Grey 's Anatomy 2 . Executives work ? Nah ... The Sarah Jessica Parker movie "  I Do n't Know How She Does It " in which she plays the role of an international fund manager , wife and mother , portrays an unrealistic schedule for such an executive-level job . Christina Gombar , author of fiction , memoir and literary criticism says , "  No way , no way , no way , would an international fund manager get into work at 9 a.m. . She would be working around the clock with her terminal from home . She would n't have time to shoot snarky emails to her female work mates . My pals who are traders ca n't talk to me on the phone and can only send the shortest texts . " Beverly Solomon , a marketer , creative director and author based in Austin , Texas believes Hollywood portrays executives and entrepreneurs as "  rich , uncaring crooks who made their fortunes by stepping on the regular people . " Solomon , having worked for Diane Von Furstenberg and Ralph Lauren , looks down on this cliché , noting "  both were great entrepreneurs who built their businesses with vision and tenacity , and are good people . " Hollywood examples : You 've Got Mail , Be Kind Rewind , Wall Street 3 . Your outfit ? Anything goes ! A suit ? Slacks ? Minimal cleavage ? That 's crazy talk . According to Hollywood , club wear is quite suitable for the workplace , and even welcome . How else do you plan to get that big promotion or spark up that all-appropriate office romance ? Christina McCale , marketing academic , career coach and co-editor of "  Start Your Internet Business : 36 Things You Need to Know " says , "  While Millennials are changing a lot of things about the way we dress in the workplace , the reality is there is still a level of professionalism expected , and usually , that is n't reflected in ` Britney-esque ' outfits . " McCale cautions you should always remember who your boss is . "  They 're not likely to appreciate you wearing club wear to the office meeting . And even more likely -- they wo n't take you seriously . " Hollywood examples : My Boss 's Daughter , View from the Top , Legally Blonde 4 . Work is so easy "  The common -LSB- so-called ` webpreneurial ' -RSB- storyline on TV shows or movies goes like this : person gets idea ; they set up a website ; next day money is rolling in , " says McCale . Citing another unrealistic example , she adds , "  Crime scene investigators strategically hold up flashlights , miraculously evidence appears . The reality is CSIs across the country are n't exactly running around in Louis Vuitton shoes . CSI work is hard , and many crime labs are not nearly as well equipped as the ones you see on TV . " On TV and in movies , people make more witty remarks than they complete important projects . They hang out all day , barely ever sitting at a computer or on a phone call . Pranks are a regular part of the work day , and talking to the boss in the same way you talk to your poker buddies is acceptable . In today 's economy , it 's hard to imagine anyone 's workday is that carefree . Hollywood examples : The Office , 30 Rock , Clerks , Will & Grace 5 . Money is no object Would n't it be nice to live in a movie or TV sitcoms where you can be an out of work-actor , waitress or writer and still live in a lavish New York City apartment , buy $ 500 Louis Vuittons , sip on warm delights in a coffee shop all day , and barely ever go to work ? TV shows like "  Friends " and "  Sex and the City , " and characters like Rachel Green , Joey Tribbiani and Carrie Bradshaw give us the false hope that we can actually work little and live a lot . In a post-recession economy , many workers are deciding how often they can afford to buy coffee each week , but you do n't see that on TV . Hollywood examples : The 40 Year Old Virgin , Cheers , The Real Housewives -LSB- of any city -RSB- , Modern Family 6 . Your boss is a horrible person and/or an idiot You 've probably had a boss that was n't the brightest bulb or even the nicest person you 've ever met , but he or she was n't necessarily worthless . In fact , unless you 've had an unfortunate run of luck , your bosses probably ranged from OK people to great leaders . Your average Hollywood bosses , however , either exist to make your life miserable with outrageous demands and endless piles of work , or they 're incompetent fools who can barely tie their own shoes much less manage a team . "  While there are always going to be bosses who are -- "  clueless " -- -LSB- it 's -RSB- not a good idea to point that out to them , " says McCale . "  Worse , do n't make how you -- "  feel they are clueless " -- obvious in front of others . " Hollywood examples : The Devil Wears Prada , Horrible Bosses , Nine to Five Why it matters "  The shame is , many teens and 20-somethings base career choices on what they see on TV , and TV just is n't a great career counselor because shows are n't meant to do that , " says McCale . "  TV and movies are entertainment . They are geared for a shorter attention span , and to use elements of truth to propel a storyline forward . " While work can be fun , and some companies might have a more informal working environment than others , you might not want to model your workplace behavior after what you see on TV and in movies . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Hollywood often misrepresents careers and the workplace in movies Work is portrayed as easy or non-existent , and any outfit is appropriate This can have a negative effect on younger generations deciding on careers
CNN  -- Two of the most experienced sides in the World Cup face off against each other Tuesday , including the host Brazil , the only country never to have missed a World Cup . Brazil 's match against Mexico will be the South American giant 's 99th match since the tournament began in 1930 . But Mexico 's players are no slouches . This is the 15th time the country has made it to the World Cup , putting it fourth behind Brazil  20 times  , Italy and Germany  18 each  , and Argentina  16  . The game against Brazil will be its 51st Cup match . Belgium begins its 2014 campaign Tuesday , hoping to improve on its previous 11 appearances , when it has averaged only 1.28 goals per game . The team will be optimistic facing Algeria , which has appeared in three previous World Cups and never made it beyond the group stage .  Belgium did defeat Germany and Chile in the group stage in 1982 , but was eliminated in the away-goals tiebreaker . Algeria has n't won a World Cup match since defeating Chile in 1982 and has n't scored in its last five matches . Russia and South Korea are the final two teams to make their 2014 debuts , playing the last match of the day Tuesday . Russia is on a winning streak , not having lost in the last 10 matches it has played , counting both qualifying matches and friendlies . But South Korea has won the first game it played in each of the last three World Cups . Tuesday 's matches follow what should have been an exciting clash of the titans Germany and Portugal . But it turned out to be a lopsided match dominated by one giant : Germany 's Thomas Muller . Not only did he score the first hat trick of the 2014 tournament , but he has now scored eight goals in his World Cup career , putting him level with legends like Diego Maradona . But while it took the Argentine legend 21 matches to score eight goals , it 's taken Muller only seven . Only 20 players in World Cup history have scored more than eight goals . American Clint Dempsey helped Team USA beat Ghana for the first time and scored the fifth-fastest goal in World Cup history in the process . Dempsey found the net only 29 seconds into the match , but Hakan Sukur of Turkey seems to be in no danger of being dethroned as the fastest scorer in tournament history . He scored only 11 seconds into a match against South Korea in 2002 , helping Turkey to a third-place tournament finish over the co-hosts . And while Iranians might have been disappointed with a 0-0 draw against Nigeria on Monday , the game did set a record for Iran -- it 's the first time in World Cup history that its players have kept their opponents from scoring . It was their 10th World Cup match . They 've won one , tied three and lost six . Nigeria has reason to be less pleased with Monday 's result . It has now gone nine World Cup matches without a win . World Cup schedule of matches CNN 's Nick Hunt contributed to this report .	Brazil is set to play its 99th match in World Cup history Tuesday This is Mexico 's 15th World Cup , putting the country fourth in total appearances Germany 's Thomas Muller brings his World Cup goal tally to eight , level with Maradona Iran 's 0-0 draw against Nigeria marks the first time Iran has n't given up a goal
CNN  -- In the twinkle of an eye , Israel Folau has accomplished what most athletes would be happy to achieve in an entire career -- and in his case he has done it in three sports . Since bursting onto the scene in 2007 , the Australian has made his considerable presence felt in not one but three oval-ball codes , weighing in with match-winning performances in Rugby League , Aussie Rules football and , most recently , Rugby Union . Still only 25 , Folau is now reaching his athletic peak and keen for the second half of his career to be just as successful as the first in which he has become a try scorer par excellence . "  Everything 's going to plan , the way I would have liked it , " Folau told CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  There 's hopefully a long way to go in my career . " Affectionately known as "  Izzy , " Folau was born in the Sydney suburb of Minto to parents of Tongan descent . One of six siblings , Folau recalls being encouraged to participate in sports from an early age . "  They were a very , very big part of my career growing up . I think probably all of my determination and eagerness to want to play professional sport came from my family . " Folau began his professional Rugby League career at the age of 17 , scoring a record 36 tries for Melbourne Storm in his rookie season . His raw talent earned him a call-up to the national squad becoming the youngest-ever player to represent the Kangeroos -- though his record of 18 years and 194 days was recently eclipsed by Sione Mata'utia . The following year , he rubber-stamped his status as an emerging star with a further 37 tries in 39 games , this time for the Brisbane Broncos . It was incredible start by any measure , but Folau took it all in his stride . "  I probably realized when I was maybe 13 years of age that I could make a living out of playing professional sport and from that time on it was really a goal for me do that as soon as I can . " Intimidating presence Weighing in at just over 100 kg  220 lbs  and standing 1.95 m  6 ' 5 "  tall , Folau is , like his childhood idol , former New Zealand winger Jonah Lomu , an intimidating physical presence on the pitch . A hefty frame allied to explosive turns of speed make Folau a real handful for opposition defenses . He is also incredibly agile for a big man , capable of salmon-like leaps to catch the high ball . "  I get excited when the ball goes up in the air . I try to always get up there ... I get a buzz out of it . I am always trying to work at it . " Having excelled at both club and international levels -- he scored six tries in eight appearances for the Kangeroos -- Folau inevitably attracted the attention of Rugby Union scouts . But rather than making what has become a routine switch between the 13 and 15-man codes , Folau opted to take a detour , signing for Australian Football League  AFL  side , the Greater Western Sydney Giants in 2011 . "  There are different reasons why I wanted to try AFL -- some of them family reasons and others were more personal ones , " he explains of a route taken by only a handful of Australian Rugby League players in the past . "  I wanted to challenge myself , you know , take myself out of my comfort zone . " His two seasons in AFL did n't hit the heights reached in Rugby League but , as he has admitted in previous interviews , it was extremely rewarding financially . It was n't just his bank balance that profited though , his all-round game did too , he says . "  My time in AFL improved my kicking and , you know , I dropped a lot of weight when I was playing AFL , so I got to be a lot fitter . It has helped me a lot , " he said . Union star A comparatively quiet period in AFL exploded back into life when Folau signed for the Rugby Union side New South Wales Waratahs for the 2013 season . Cementing his place at fullback , Folau impressed with 20 tries in his debut season and he was drafted into the international squad to face the British and Irish Lions touring side . Folau 's impact was immediate as he ran in two tries -- the second a sensational solo effort that lit up the Brisbane 's Suncorp stadium -- earning him the Man of the Match award . Folau would end the year scoring a total of 10 international tries , equaling the Australian record for a season set by Lote Tuqiri in 2004 . To date , he has scored 17 times in 29 appearances . Show-stopping cameos on the pitch have inevitably increased his profile off it , but Folau has remained focused , says former Australia coach , Ewen McKenzie . "  Sometimes success can get in the way and people get confused , sidetracked and distracted , but he 's just a very consistent operator , " McKenzie told The New York Times in August . "  He 's difficult to contain . If you can get him in a one-on-one situation , he 's going to get you a pretty good outcome . "  He 's a pretty big guy , he 's got good skills , and he 's pretty measured off the field . He 's a very quiet , humble guy who is always smiling and laughing . " After being voted Wallabies Rookie of the Year in 2013 , Folau was honored again this year , winning the John Eales Medal -- an annual award given to the best Australian player of the year . Folau 's talents seem to ensure that he will be singled out for some time to come , but it 's being part of a team that he enjoys the most . "  It 's the best thing about it . You know , you get to enjoy the ups and downs together as a team , so you ride the emotions together . For me , I really enjoy the camaraderie and the things that you form within the team . " With a World Cup in England to look forward to next year , Folau and his teammates will be aiming to win the William Webb Ellis trophy for a third time . Given the Wallabies recent run of form -- a disappointing five-match tour of Europe in November yielded just two victories -- that looks unlikely , but whatever happens Folau wo n't be taking his foot off the gas as he looks to continue repaying the sporting debt owed to his family . "  Coming to Australia from overseas to try and give us an opportunity to make something out of living in Australia was a huge thing for me so I wanted to probably give back a bit , " he says . "  In a way I wanted to work hard and play at a professional level to help them out . It 's always been a key part of my success and always will be to the day of my retirement . " Read more : Cancer , amputation no barrier for champion thrower Read more : Amazing martial art with scissor kicks and swords	Australian rugby star has played Rugby League , Aussie Rules and Rugby Union Folau burst onto League scene as a 17-year-old and enjoying record-breaking career Now 25 , Folau moved to Aussie Rules football in 2011 ; Played Union since 2013 Folau 's game a mixture of speed , power and agility
Newark , Delaware  CNN  -- A feisty Christine O'Donnell attacked her Democratic opponent but also stumbled in Wednesday 's debate with Chris Coons in their election battle for Delaware 's U.S. Senate seat held for nearly four decades by Vice President Joe Biden . The highly anticipated showdown between two candidates considered surprise contenders featured O'Donnell displaying her conservative credentials that gained Tea Party backing while Coons , put on the defensive at times , generally backed Democratic policies favored by President Barack Obama . O'Donnell 's primary victory over a veteran mainstream Republican candidate last month shook up the GOP establishment , with party strategist Karl Rove even questioning her qualifications . Now trailing badly according to the latest polls , she appeared nervous at the start but quickly went on the attack , accusing Coons of raising taxes and offering a "  rubber stamp " to Obama administration policies if elected . "  My opponent wants to go to Washington and rubber-stamp the spending bills " that she said are hurting the nation and Delaware . Later , O'Donnell said , a vote for Coons would cost the average Delawarean $ 10,000 "  instantly " in tax hikes and energy reform costs . At other times , her attacks were less precise and drew scorn from Coons , such as when she said the influence of a Marxist college professor on Coons ' political beliefs should "  send chills up the spine of every Delaware voter . " "  If it were accurate , if it were true , I 'd agree , " Coons responded . "  It 's not accurate and it 's not true . " He emphasized his experience as New Castle County executive but also attacked O'Donnell , calling some of her positions extreme and accusing her of lying about his record in campaign messaging . "  Most of them are untrue , " Coons said of claims about him on her campaign website . "  Some of them are just flat-out lies , some of them are mischaracterizations , some of them are just factually untrue . " Both candidates framed the election as a clear choice for voters , and their stance on issues showed that . CNN iReport : Tell us how you think the candidates did Coons said he supports abortion rights and embryonic stem cell research while opposing the ban on openly gay and lesbian soldiers from military service , and he backed most Obama administration policies , with a few refinements . For example , he said Bush-era tax cuts should be extended to the vast majority of the county but questioned Obama 's plan to limit the extension to those families making up to $ 250,000 a year . He also said the health care reform law needed some adjustments . O'Donnell backed Republican positions such as calling for tax cuts and spending cuts to balance the budget , and she repeatedly said tough social issues such as abortion rights and teaching creation theory in public schools should be state or local issues instead of federal decisions . When pressed on a comment from more than decade ago when she questioned evolution theory , she responded : "  What I believe is irrelevant . What I will support in Washington , D.C. , is the ability of the local school system to decide what is taught in their classrooms . " In one testy exchange , O'Donnell referred to Obama administration policies creating what she called "  a culture of dependency " by expanding the number of people getting food stamps . Coons immediately tried to portray her as insensitive saying : "  To simply denounce people as being dependent because they 're applying for and receiving food stamps in the worst recession in modern times is frankly slandering people who are in incredibly difficult times . " O'Donnell interrupted , saying , "  That 's not fair . That 's not fair of you to say that because that 's not at all what I 'm doing , " and then counter-attacking by declaring : "  I 'm not the person who would cut the tax benefits of disabled and low-income citizens as you did as county executive . " The most serious problem for either candidate came when O'Donnell was asked to cite any specific recent Supreme Court rulings that she opposed . "  Oh gosh , give me a specific one , " she said , and when told the question required her come up with cases , O'Donnell responded , "  I 'm sorry , " and promised to put the information up later on her website . Coons quickly referred to the Citizens United ruling in January in which the court lifted some limits on corporate contributions to campaign spending . The debate produced a few humorous moments , such as when Coons said O'Donnell 's well-publicized statements from a decade earlier that she dabbled in witchcraft and questioned evolution theory were distractions instead of a substantive campaign issue . "  You 're just jealous that you were n't on ` Saturday Night Live ' , " O'Donnell said , referring to the comedy show 's satirical skit about her . "  I 'm dying to see who 's going to play me , " Coons responded with a smile . O'Donnell scored a major upset last month when she defeated Rep. Mike Castle to win Delaware 's GOP Senate nomination . She had support from the Tea Party Express , a major endorsement from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , as well as the strong anti-establishment and anti-incumbent feelings among voters this year in topping Castle , a moderate Republican who served nine terms in the House and eight years as governor before that . However , her victory made a race considered relatively safe for Republicans based on the expected nomination of the popular Castle into one in which the little-known Coons suddenly became the favorite , due to O'Donnell 's inexperience and questions about her past . Since O'Donnell 's primary victory , she has had to deal with controversial and colorful comments she made about a decade ago when she was a spokeswoman for conservative causes . Her first campaign commercial began with O'Donnell declaring , "  I am not a witch " in response to her statement years ago on the program "  Politically Incorrect " that she "  dabbled in witchcraft . " She acknowledged in an interview with CNN that the resurfaced clips have forced her to reinvent herself in the final weeks of the campaign . "  I have n't been embarrassed . And I 'm not saying that I 'm proud , " O'Donnell told CNN 's Jim Acosta last week . "  I 've matured in my faith . I 've matured in my policies . Today you have a forty-something woman running for office , not a 20-year-old . So that 's a big difference . " The debate at the University of Delaware in Newark was co-moderated by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and by longtime Delaware news anchor Nancy Karibjanian of Delaware First Media . Results of a CNN/Time/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Wednesday showed Coons with a 19-point lead over O'Donnell . However , O'Donnell enjoys a lead in campaign cash , which is one reason both President Barack Obama and Biden are coming to Delaware on Friday to help Coons raise money . O'Donnell , 41 , ran unsuccessfully for Senate twice before , in 2006 and 2008 . Since winning the primary , she 's had to deal with controversies involving unpaid income taxes and allegations of misusing campaign donations , as well as attacks from Democrats and some Republicans , including Rove , on her qualifications . Coons , the 47-year-old executive of New Castle County , the state 's most populous county , faced no serious opposition in the Democratic primary . While he is running his first statewide campaign , Coons is neither a political novice nor a party outsider . In 1988 , Coons served as a policy researcher for the failed Senate campaign of then-Lt . Gov. S.B. Woo . He went on to earn a degree from Yale Law School , as well as a master 's in ethics from Yale Divinity School . The winner in November will fill out the remaining four years of Biden 's final term in the Senate . Biden stepped down from his seat after his election in November 2008 as vice president . Former Biden aide Ted Kaufman was named as an interim replacement , and did not seek a full term . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Paul Steinhauser , Jim Acosta , and Bonnie Kapp contributed to this report .	NEW : O'Donnell backs more state powers on social issues NEW : Coons criticizes O'Donnell for comment on food stamp recipients Candidates spar on issues on CNN debate O'Donnell expresses conservative views ; Coons takes mostly liberal stances
CNN  -- The boyfriend convicted of strangling and drowning a famed swimsuit designer in a bathtub at a chic New York hotel was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison , the maximum sentence for second-degree murder , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said Monday . A jury convicted 27-year-old Nicholas Brooks , son of "  You Light Up My Life " composer Joseph Brooks , in New York Supreme Court in July for the murder of his girlfriend , Sylvie Cachay . "  We have come a long way in our recognition and understanding of domestic violence , but there is much more we have to do to better protect individuals like Ms. Cachay , " District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance Jr. said in a statement Monday . Cachay 's bruised body was found submerged in water in an overflowing bathtub at the Soho House New York club and hotel on December 9 , 2010 , police said . A guest staying on a lower floor reported to hotel management that water was leaking through the ceiling , according to court documents . A hotel employee investigating the source of the leak entered Cachay 's room and discovered her body , the documents say . Brooks ' attorney , Jeffrey Hoffman , said Monday he and his client plan to appeal . "  We expect to have a successful appeal and be back in court as a result of that , " Hoffman told CNN . Authorities said they relied on interviews with hotel employees and surveillance videos from the location to charge Brooks . Cachay 's body had bruising on the neck and bite marks when she was discovered , police said . An autopsy indicated the designer suffered injuries consistent with neck compression , court records show . Cachay had internal hemorrhaging , injuries to her scalp and cuts to her lips and mouth , the documents say . "  Sylvie Cachay was one of those rare individuals who truly sparkled when she spoke , " publicist Kate Godici said about Cachay in July when Brooks was convicted . "  She will be deeply and painfully missed , yet celebrated , honored and never forgotten . " After heading the swimwear team at Victoria 's Secret , Cachay debuted her own luxury line of swimwear in 2006 to rave reviews . The collection became a celebrity favorite . Brooks ' father , Joseph Brooks , 73 , committed suicide in May 2011 , New York police said . The Oscar-winning songwriter was facing 11 rape and sexual assault charges , New York Police Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne told CNN . Nicholas Brooks will be up for parole in 25 years .	In July , a jury convicted Nicholas Brooks for the second-degree murder of Sylvie Cachay Brooks has been sentenced to 25 years to life in prison Cachay 's bruised body was found in an overflowing hotel bathtub in 2010 Brooks will be eligible for parole in 25 years
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council will take up a draft resolution that would establish an interim peacekeeping force for the disputed border region of Abyei , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice told reporters Thursday . The draft resolution calls for the deployment of 4,200 Ethiopian National Defense Force peacekeepers to the region . "  We are looking forward to discussions with council members in order to swiftly adopt a resolution authorizing this new interim security force for Abyei so that the agreement that both parties have reached , which is obviously urgent and fragile , can be implemented immediately and effectively , " Rice told reporters after the Security Council met in closed session . The purpose of the interim security agreement is to allow for the withdrawal of forces from Abyei , she said . "  At this stage that means the forces of the government of Sudan , which are now occupying Abyei , and that that area would become demilitarized and administered in a joint fashion and that would persist pending resolution of the critical underlying issues . " Time for action over Sudan ? The Sudanese government and the Sudan People 's Liberation Movement signed an agreement Monday that allows U.N. peacekeepers in Abyei . The two sides agreed in principle on the need for a third party to monitor the ill-defined border between north and south before the scheduled July 9 independence for the south . Thursday 's announcement came a day after U.S. President Barack Obama applauded the signing of the agreement , the latest effort to quell the violence in Sudan that has forced tens of thousands of people from their homes . "  I commend the parties for taking this step forward toward peace , and I urge them now to build on that progress and agree to an immediate cease-fire in Southern Kordofan , " the White House said in a statement . Southern Kordofan is the oil-rich northern border state where fighting has also erupted between government troops and forces loyal to the south . Rice said she was concerned about the humanitarian situation in Southern Kordofan . "  We are deeply concerned about attacks on and threats to and intimidation of U.N. personnel , obstructions to freedom of movement and access for humanitarian goods , allegations and indeed verified reports of aerial bombardment and other attacks against civilian personnel , " she said . "  With a cease-fire in Southern Kordofan , alongside the agreement to deploy peacekeepers to Abyei , we can get the peace process back on track , " she said . "  But without these actions , the road map for better relations with the government of Sudan can not be carried forward , which will only deepen Sudan 's isolation in the international community . " The people from the Nuba Mountains in Southern Kordofan are northerners but they aligned with the south 's rebel movement during Sudan 's decades-long civil war . They are viewed as a threat by Khartoum because Southern Kordofan will remain part of the north after independence . "  The treatment of civilians in South Kordofan , including the reported human rights abuses and targeting of people along ethnic lines , is reprehensible , " said Valerie Amos , the United Nations undersecretary general for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator . Between Abyei and Southern Kordofan , about 160,000 people have been displaced from their homes , the United Nations has said . Southern Sudan voted for independence in a January referendum that was largely peaceful . But with its separation pending , tensions have heightened to what they were like during the civil war days and there has been little cause for celebration over the birth of a nation . The U.S. State Department issued a warning Wednesday , urging U.S. citizens to avoid travel to the border areas -- including Abyei and Southern Kordofan -- as well as to the Darfur region of Sudan .	Draft resolution would establish an interim peacekeeping force for Abyei It calls for deployment of 4,200 peacekeepers to the region Agreement 's purpose is to allow for troop withdrawal from Abyei , ambassador says
