CNN  -- The Swedish security police have launched an investigation into "  unlawful intelligence activities " conducted by the U.S. Embassy in Stockholm , according to a statement released Saturday . The investigation was opened one day after the U.S. Embassy there told authorities its employees had been conducting surveillance activities , similar to what was recently discovered in Norway , according to the security police statement . The work was primarily aimed at protecting the American embassy , the security police said . The scale of surveillance is not known , but according to the statement , operations have been ongoing since 2000 . They were conducted without the knowledge of the Foreign Affairs office , the Justice Department , the security or the local police in Sweden , the statement said . "  I think it 's regrettable they have conducted these activities without informing Swedish authorities , " Sweden 's Justice Minister Beatrice Ask told reporters Saturday , as reported by CNN affiliate TV4 . "  I think it is very serious if these activities have been carried out in breach of Swedish law , " she added . The U.S. Embassy in Stockholm released a statement Saturday that recognized the existence of a program to detect suspicious activities around U.S. facilities , and pointed to past terrorist attacks as evidence for why such a program is necessary . "  It is not a secret program , nor is it an intelligence program , " the embassy said . "  The United States fully respects Swedish law , and welcomes Justice Minister Ask 's remarks at her press conference . The U.S. stands ready to answer any questions the Government of Sweden might ask us on this program . " Anders Thornberg , head of the security measures department at the security police , said it is too soon to say whether the work was a breach of Swedish law or not . "  We have contacted the head prosecutor and are now working on gathering more information to see if the activities have been a breach of Swedish law , and if so , whether we need to open a formal criminal investigation , " Thornberg said . Also Saturday , officials from the Swedish foreign ministry met with the U.S. Ambassador to Sweden to discuss the operations , Teo Zetterman , a spokesman for the foreign ministry told CNN . "  I do n't want to go into any details of what was discussed , but it was regarding their surveillance activities , " he said . "  Sweden has good ties with the United States and it is still too early to say whether this will affect our relationship , " he added . "  We will continue to talk with the Americans about this . " Earlier in the week , authorities in Norway launched an investigation into whether the United States engaged in illegal surveillance in the Nordic country . The investigation there followed a report by Norway 's TV2 , which claimed the U.S. Embassy in Oslo has been conducting an "  illegal systematic surveillance of Norwegian citizens . " The channel reported the embassy hired former police officers and defense staff to take pictures and register people who behave in a suspicious way in order to stop attacks on American targets in Norway . Without specifically mentioning TV2 , the U.S. Embassy in Stockholm said it was disappointed by the story 's impact . "  We regret that inflammatory and inaccurate press reporting which began in Norway about this program has caused unease and concern among some of our friends , " the embassy said in its statement . Earlier in the week , U.S. State Department spokesman Philip J. Crowley had said Norwegian authorities were fully informed of the program . A similar kind of surveillance has been reported by media organizations in Denmark and Germany . Danish TV2 has said the same kind of group operating in Oslo has also been working for a number of years at the American Embassy in Copenhagen . Frankfurter Rundschau , a German newspaper , reported American and German security experts have monitored activities around the American Embassy in Berlin .	Security police say it 's too early to say whether the activities broke Swedish law They say the surveillance was aimed at protecting the American Embassy in Stockholm The U.S. ambassador reportedly meets with officials from the Swedish foreign ministry
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The little girl paused , then answered my questions : "  I 'm 7 . " "  Second grade . " Her hair was in braided pigtails . She wore a fancy dress . The girl had taken a seat in the folding chair next to mine after guards led another small group into the brightly lit room . We were in the post-security visitation area of the Stewart Detention Center , a privately run federal immigration facility in south Georgia . Behind us was a plain wall . In front were five sparse booths , open to the room , offering little privacy . Each booth had a chair and a large black telephone . Thick glass separated the booths from men who milled about on the other side . The men wore different colored jumpsuits : some blue , some orange , some red . Like the older woman , an aunt perhaps , who accompanied her into the room , the little girl to my right was visibly nervous . This was her first trip to the detention center . I told the girl about my own second-grader in an effort to get her mind off our surroundings . I 'm quite certain I failed . After several minutes , a man in his late 20s sat down on the other side of the glass . He picked up a phone . The little girl walked up , studied another phone for a moment , and carefully raised it to the side of her head . Her greeting was straightforward : "  Hi , Daddy . " I could n't hear what her father said in reply . I could see his wistful smile , though , and tears rolling down his cheeks . * * * Every day , our immigration laws are breaking apart families of many citizens living in the United States . It 's good news that , as a bipartisan group of U.S. senators seeks consensus on a plan for comprehensive immigration reform , one focus is on so-called "  family reunification " preferences in our law . The senators are debating whether , and to what extent , our immigration policies should give priority to admitting family members of immigrant citizens -- their spouses , children and siblings -- still living abroad . But while family reunification is an important consideration , that issue avoids the larger point dramatized at the Stewart Detention Center about the harmful impact of U.S. immigration policy on families already here . More than 1.5 million unauthorized immigrants have been removed from the United States since President Obama took office in 2009 , according to the federal government 's statistics . Approximately 410,000 were removed last year alone . These numbers present an important question : Who are the immigrants we are deporting ? Yes , some are dangerous criminals who need to be arrested , prosecuted and removed through deportation . Living in the United States without legal status does not , however , amount to criminality . The Supreme Court noted this last year when it wrote , "  As a general rule , it is not a crime for a removable alien to remain present in the United States . " Overstaying a visa , for example , is a civil violation and not a criminal one . The offenses that can trigger incarceration at detention centers like the one I visited recently include traffic violations such as driving without a valid license . This may seem like a matter of semantics to some , but incarcerating nonviolent immigrants carries real costs to the country and to the immigrants ' family members who are , in many cases , U.S. citizens . Many present-day immigrants live among us in what researchers call "  mixed status " households . Approximately 9 million people live in these modern American families that include both citizens and unauthorized immigrants . The result is that U.S.-citizen family members are frequently left behind when immigrants are deported . Contrary to popular belief , marriage to a U.S. citizen does not automatically confer legal status on unauthorized immigrants . While marriage can provide a pathway to legal residency , that path is often long and can be overrun with bureaucratic pit stops . In many instances , our laws require immigrant spouses to return to their home countries and remain there for as long as 10 years before reunification is permitted . These extended bars to re-entry apply , for example , to Mexican nationals who arrived in this country after 2001 without authorization even if they are married to a U.S. citizen . In that way , our current immigration laws give some U.S. citizens a distressing choice : Either extended separation from their immediate families or extended separation from this country . An emerging bipartisan consensus acknowledges that our immigration laws are broken and need to be reformed , in a comprehensive way , at the federal level . As Washington tackles this issue , we should acknowledge that reform can benefit more than the immigrants living among us . It can benefit American children who attend school with our kids , American men who share pews at our churches , and American women sitting beside us in office cubicles , by keeping their families together . Done right , immigration reform can strengthen our economy , uphold our values and preserve the family units of many U.S. citizens . * * * Before entering the Stewart Detention Center , all visitors must fill out paperwork disclosing their immigration status . I did n't see the form of the little girl I met in the visitation room , of course , or ask the question as we chatted briefly . Given her family 's willingness to bring her inside the barbed wire gates of the facility , however , it 's safe to assume that she is a native-born citizen . She 's as American as my grandfather , who grew up on Missouri farmland in the early 1900s , and who spoke nothing but German at home until the start of World War I . As American as my four children . The little girl was among many U.S. citizens who visit family member inmates at the detention center . On the day of my visit , at the other end of the room , a woman in her 40s sat in the corner booth . She saved up gas money and drove more than 300 miles for this chance to have a one-hour visit with her husband . Born and raised in western North Carolina , she lives on land that was owned by her father , and her father 's father before him . She met her husband in a thrift store in her hometown . They fell in love . In the visitation room , the woman held a phone and spoke to her husband in Spanglish with a country twang . What she wanted most that day was the chance to touch his hand , just for a moment , through the glass . That was a chance she did n't get . Without changes to our federal immigration laws , more husbands and fathers , and wives and mothers , of American citizens will be deported . More American children will be raised outside the presence of a parent 's love and financial support . And more Americans -- like the woman I saw pressing the palm of her hand against cold glass in a detention center booth -- may not have the chance to touch their spouses again . At least not in our country . At least not anytime soon . The current immigration system does not make our nation , or our families , stronger . We can do better . We can reform our immigration laws in a way that brings hardworking people out of the shadows and keeps families together . That is , or at least should be , the American way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Marquardt .	Chris Marquardt visited a privately run immigration detention center in Georgia He says it was clear that families with U.S. citizens were broken due to detention process People who commit civil violations are treated as criminals , he says Marquardt : Immigration reform needs to include provisions to protect families
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Eight cadets and staff members were killed in Pakistan during an an eight-hour standoff Monday with gunmen who stormed a police training center in Lahore , said Gen. Athar Abbas , a military spokesman . Police fire into the air after retaking the police training center in Lahore attacked by militants . The militants had been holed up on the top floor of a three-story building , said Rehman Malik , the head of the country 's Interior Ministry . Security forces gained control of the first two floors and eventually made their way to the top , finally taking control of it and arresting the gunmen Monday afternoon . Television pictures showed security forces firing into the air from the roof of the building after the firefight . "  The operation is over . Four terrorists were killed and three arrested , " Interior Ministry Secretary Kamal Shah told Reuters . Malik and Abbas confirmed the figures . Abbas added some of the dead militants blew themselves up . The gang of seven gunmen stormed the academy in the Manawan area of the eastern Pakistani city , said Malik . Abbas had previously said 30 people were killed . He cited the error on wrong information by his sources at the scene . Watch more about the attack " At a news conference Monday night , Malik named the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , Baitullah Mehsud , and his followers as the prime suspect in organizing the attack . Mehsud is also accused of plotting the assassination of former PM Benazir Bhutto . At least 78 people were wounded in the attack , authorities said . Lahore is the same city where gunmen opened fire March 10 on a bus carrying members of the Sri Lankan national cricket team on their way to a stadium for a match . The well-coordinated attack wounded at least eight members of the team and killed a driver and six Pakistani police officers . In Monday 's incident , the attackers hurled grenades , then stormed the compound and opened fire while officers were taking part in their morning drill . About 800 officers train at the facility , but authorities could not say exactly how many were inside at the time . The attackers , some in police uniforms , took dozens of officers hostage , said Asim Rizwan , spokesman for governor of Punjab -- the province where Lahore is located . Paramilitary forces and the army descended on the scene . Every few minutes , the gunmen detonated explosives or fired on reporters and police personnel outside , sending them scurrying for cover . Angry onlookers pumped their fists in the air and cheered as police led away a suspect they had captured . He had on him a grenade and a knife , officials told CNN . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Eight cadets are killed during attack in Lahore , top military official says Leader of Pakistan 's Taliban named as prime suspect Four militants dead , three captured , authorities say Lahore was site of attack on Sri Lankan cricket team earlier in March
CNN  Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution , according to a spokesperson for the Attorney General 's office . "  Seventy-two hours notification means three days , at least , to go to the execution . It may be longer . In other words , there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification , " Tony Spontana told CNN by phone Sunday . Though Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time , Spontana said French national Serge Atlaoui had filed a challenge to the State Administrative Court on Thursday so his sentence has been delayed . Meanwhile , Edre Olalia , a lawyer acting for Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso , told CNN Sunday that Veloso had telephoned her sister on Saturday at about 5:30 p.m. local time and said her execution will take place on Tuesday , April 28 . Officials at the Philippines Embassy in Jakarta confirmed the same information . According to her lawyers , Veloso unknowingly carried drugs into Indonesia , and that she was set up by members of a drug syndicate . On Friday , Indonesian officials advised relevant consular officials to travel to Indonesia 's "  execution island " -- Nusa Kambangan -- where the ten are being held -- a sign that the sentences may be carried out soon . They will face a firing squad . OPINION : Why executions wo n't win Indonesia 's drug war The ten on death row , which also include two Australian citizens Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran -- members of the so-called "  Bali Nine " smuggling ring -- as well as prisoners from Ghana , Brazil , Nigeria and Indonesia , had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014 . A statement Sunday from Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the Australian government had been notified that the execution of Chan and Sukumaran would be carried out "  imminently . " "  I spoke to Mr. Sukumaran 's mother Raji yesterday and assured her the government would continue to seek clemency from Indonesian President Widodo for both men . "  They have been rehabilitated in a most remarkable way over the past ten years and are genuinely remorseful for their serious crimes . "  Nothing can be gained and much will be lost if these two young Australians are executed . "  I again respectfully call on the President of Indonesia to reconsider his refusal to grant clemency . It is not too late for a change of heart . " The two Australians , convicted for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot , tried to challenge the President 's decision earlier this month but lost an appeal for the State Administrative Court to hear their case . Their lawyers have since filed another review at the Constitutional Court . The Attorney General 's office has said they would respect all ongoing court proceedings but insisted the inmates have exhausted all their legal options . Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths . On Saturday , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on Indonesia 's government to reverse their decision . "  The Secretary-General appeals to the government of Indonesia to refrain from carrying out the execution , as announced , of 10 prisoners on death row for alleged drug-related crimes , " a spokesman for Ban said , according to various reports . Meanwhile , Human Rights Watch says President Widodo "  has an important opportunity to signal Indonesia 's rejection of the death penalty by sparing the lives of the 10 people facing looming execution . " "  Widodo can demonstrate true leadership by ending capital punishment as unacceptable state brutality , " said Phelim Kine , deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch , in a statement Saturday . "  President Widodo should recognize that the death penalty is not a crime deterrent but an unjustifiable and barbaric punishment . Widodo should promote Indonesia as a rights-respecting democracy by joining the countries that have abolished capital punishment . "	Australian and Philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours They include Philippines maid Mary Jane Velos and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair
CNN  -- Franklin D. Roosevelt had his Hundred Days . Papa Francesco has had a little less than a month . Yet , like FDR , he has used bold gestures to alert the world that things in the Catholic Church would not be returning to business as usual . For Catholics , images conveyed in a genuine way can be symbols of deeper realities . We are a sacramental church . God speaks to us through his word , but that word is often accompanied by ritual , gesture and symbol . Pope Francis really believes in simplicity . So far , he has waved off any vestige of opulence  gold pectoral crosses and ermine lined mantles  , walks rather than rides in a chauffeured limo , and for now at least refuses to live in the Apostolic Palace  a complex oxymoron , what apostle ever lived in a palace ?  . He chooses to live in a less pretentious guest house . He invokes the patron saint of evangelical poverty , St. Francis , but this also comes from his Jesuit formation . The vow of poverty and the commitment to the poor is taken seriously among the Sons of Loyolaâ $ " at least the ones I know . Forming young people to be "  men and women for others " is not an idle slogan for a lamppost banner . Jesuits really do it and do it well . Pope Francis washes youths ' feet at detention center This may seem to the cynical a mere show or public relations , and a few of those cynics are in the church . But something tells me this is the real thing . This is how he lived in Buenos Aires . He could have had a palace and all the accoutrements of fine living , and yet he chose something elseâ $ " something simple , and closer to the people he wished to serve . On Thursday , he washed the feet of young juvenile offenders at a detention center in Rome . Among them were two women ; one of them was a Muslim . Let Catholics around the world take note . I can only marvel at this generous and loving gesture . But in Catholic life , rituals are usually accompanied by words . Sometimes the words are difficult to understand or are prayed in flat and boring tones as though the celebrant does n't believe them . But when word and ritual come together in the best way , it can strike fire in human hearts . Pope Francis has uttered some marvelous words to accompany his actions . To his frail predecessor , "  We are brothers . " To the gardeners and janitors of the Vatican , "  If we have a closed heart , we have a heart of stone . " To priests , an exhortation to "  pray over the realities of the everyday lives " of their parishioners , and "  their troubles , their joys , their burdens and their hopes . " To the young people at the prison , "  Help one another . This is what Jesus teaches us . This is what I do and I do it with my heart . " Why did the pope wash prisoners ' feet ? Simple , direct words from the heart of a pastorâ $ " words people can and will remember because they are accompanied by actions . Eventually , the novelty of all this will fade , but the tasks ahead for the Catholic Church will not . Repairing its shattered credibility , especially with the young , will be awaiting Pope Francis each morning with his coffee . Who will advise him ? What kinds of men will he choose as bishops ? How strong will he be in the face of certain opposition within and outside the church ? We will see . "  Francis , rebuild my church , " said the Lord to the Poverello of Assisi . Pope Francis I 'm sure also hears this same , "  small , still , voice . " But perhaps we are in for even more surprises . The new pontiff has yet to complete the ritual of taking possession of his four basilicas in Rome . These highly ritualized events are accompanied by droves of cardinals and other clerics and offer the pope an occasion to say a few words to mark the occasion . Opinion : Pope Francis ' humble superiority It was during one such ceremony in January 1959 , at St. Paul Outside the Walls , that Pope John XXIII shocked the world by calling for an ecumenical council . Could Pope Francis do the same ? If he did , another Roosevelt -- Teddy -- might say , "  Bully ! " So would I . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Avella .	Steven Avella : Pope Francis has used bold gestures to signal changes to come Avella : Francis believes in simplicity and has embodied it in his actions and words When words and rituals come together well , it can strike fire in human hearts , he says Avella : Francis faces many challenges ahead , like repairing the church 's credibility
CNN  -- Tear gas and pepper spray hung in the air as police in riot gear descended on Keene , New Hampshire , on Saturday night , trying to disperse a rowdy crowd that brought chaos to the city 's 24th annual Pumpkin Festival , CNN affiliates reported . "  State and local public safety officials are on the scene and have been working closely together to defuse the situation , " Gov. Maggie Hassan said a statement . "  We will continue to monitor the situation and provide any assistance necessary to Keene . " Bonfires burned into the early hours of Sunday morning on city streets that were littered with broken beer and liquor bottles , video from CNN affiliate WMUR showed . "  I am saddened and disheartened at the events surrounding this year 's Keene Pumpkin Festival , " said Keene State College President Anne Huot . "  Despite the concerted efforts of organizers , city officials , police , and Keene State College , there continued to be disruptive behavior at parties in multiple locations around the city , injuries , and property damage . " Huot said Keene State students bore some of the responsibility for the unruly behavior , but also suggested that some outside the community had billed the event "  as a destination for destructive and raucous behavior . " Authorities were n't able to provide exact figures , but CNN affiliates reported dozens of arrests and the Southwest New Hampshire Mutual Aid Dispatch Center reported multiple ambulances being sent to the scene . "  I got hit with a Jack Daniel 's bottle , like across the face , " Keene State student Roger Creekmore told WMUR . Steven French , 18 , who was visiting from Haverhill , Massachusetts , described the chaotic scene to the local paper , The Keene Sentinel , as "  wicked . " "  It 's just like a rush . You 're revolting from the cops , " he told the paper Saturday night . "  It 's a blast to do things that you 're not supposed to do . " Other young people shouted expletives at police , started fires in the road , pulled down a street sign and apparently tried to flip over a Subaru , the Sentinel said . Because of arrests  140 last year , the Sentinel reported  and injuries at past festivals , the community has held forums in recent years -- inviting police and emergency room doctors as well as residents -- to explore ways to mitigate the violence , vandalism and littering that come with the celebration . The pumpkin festival is a source of pride for the community of 23,000 people about 80 miles northwest of Boston . Last year , the event set a world record with 30,581 lit jack-o ' - lanterns , according to the festival 's website . "  It 's ridiculous . It 's not Pumpkin Fest , " Jacob Gowans , another Keene State student , told WMUR . "  We 're supposed to have a fun weekend . This is stupid . " CNN 's Joe Sutton and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report	Bonfires burn in the streets of Keene , New Hampshire Some in the crowd throw beer and liquor bottles This is the city 's 24th annual Pumpkin Festival Keene is located about 80 miles northwest of Boston
CNN  -- Frank Lampard missed a late penalty as Chelsea 's English Premier League lead was cut to two points following a 2-1 defeat at Manchester City on Saturday evening . Big-spending City ended a record run of seven successive draws to hand the Londoners a third league defeat this season and allow rivals Manchester United to gain ground . United romped to a 4-0 victory at lowly West Ham , but suffered more defensive problems as England internationals Gary Neville and Wes Brown joined an already lengthy injury list . It capped a miserable week for Chelsea , who were knocked out of the League Cup by Blackburn in a penalty shootout on Wednesday . Carlo Ancelotti 's team made the perfect start when City striker Emmanuel Adebayor inadvertently put the ball in his own net in the eighth minute after goalkeeper Shay Given 's save from a Nicolas Anelka shot hit him in the back and rebounded in . Adebayor made up for that misfortune eight minutes before halftime when he fired home at the second attempt when the ball fell to him after Shaun Wright-Phillips ' shot hit teammate Micah Richards , leaving Chelsea to appeal in vain for handball . Argentina forward Carlos Tevez put the home side ahead in the 56th minute when he curled in a free-kick after being fouled by Ricardo Carvalho . City lost England defenders Richards and Bridge to injury -- the latter stretchered off after a studs-first lunge by Juliano Bennetti -- before substitute fullback Nedum Onuoha gave Chelsea the chance to level in the 82nd minute when he brought down Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba . However , Given turned away England midfielder Lampard 's poor spot-kick , and the visitors were unable to rally again as captain John Terry went off with a knee injury . The England center-back is likely to miss Wednesday 's Champions League tie with Apoel Nicosia , but should be fit to face Everon next weekend . Manchester United , on the other hand , had no such worries as they continued the form that saw them brush aside Tottenham in the quarterfinals of the League Cup on Tuesday . Veteran midfielder Paul Scholes , who has been reportedly pondering his future , lashed home his 99th Premier League goal on the stroke of halftime and then his potential young successor Darren Gibson followed up his midweek double with a similarly impressive strike in the 61st minute . Brazilian midfielder Anderson crossed for Antonio Valencia to score the third from close range 10 minutes later , and the Ecuador winger set up England striker Wayne Rooney just 60 seconds after that . United boss Alex Ferguson had been forced to pair England midfielder Michael Carrick with left-back Patrice Evra in the center of defense after Neville and Brown went off injured . Rio Ferdinand and Jonny Evans are ruled out , but Ferguson hopes Serbian center-back Nemanja Vidic will recover from illness for Wednesday 's Champions League trip to Wolfsburg , with United needing a point to finish top of Group B . The defeat left Gianfranco Zola 's struggling West Ham side just a point above the relegation zone . Injury-hit Arsenal moved into third place above London rivals Tottenham , who travel to Everton on Sunday . Arsene Wenger 's team bounced back from successive 3-0 defeats by Chelsea and Manchester City , the latter in the League Cup quarterfinals in midweek , to win 2-0 at home to mid-table Stoke . Spain midfielder Cesc Fabregas missed a penalty on his 250th appearance for the Gunners after Andriy Arshavin was tripped , but the Russia forward -- playing on his own up front in the absence of Theo Walcott , Robin van Persie , Nicklas Bendtner and Eduardo -- scored the opener from a tight angle in the 26th minute . Arshavin had a shot deflected onto the crossbar before substitute midfielder Aaron Ramsey sealed victory with 11 minutes left , cutting into the box and sliding a shot past goalkeeper Thomas Sorensen . Fifth-placed Aston Villa moved level with Tottenham on 26 points after winning 3-0 at home to Hull , who lost influential midfielder Jimmy Bullard to yet another knee injury . England midfielder James Milner set up Republic of Ireland defender Richard Dunne for Villa 's 13th-minute opener , then lobbed an exquisite goal from 20 yards after goalkeeper Matt Duke was caught stranded outside his area . Substitute striker John Carew added a third from the penalty spot two minutes from time after Duke was booked for bringing down Ashley Young as Villa followed up the midweek win over Portsmouth that put Martin O'Neill 's side in the semifinals of the League Cup . Last year 's runners-up Liverpool continue to struggle after being held 0-0 away to 12th-placed Blackburn and were leapfrogged in the table by Manchester City . Birmingham City moved up to eighth place after winning 3-2 at Wigan Athletic , with Alex McLeish 's side coming from a goal down to score three in 11 second-half minutes as Sebastian Larsson scored with two free-kicks and Colombia striker Christian Benitez netted the other . Wigan , who led through a superb strike from Charles N'Zogbia , pulled one back at the end through Jordi Gomez but the defeat left Robert Martinez 's frustratingly inconsistent side in 14th place -- four points above the drop zone . Avram Grant celebrated his first victory as manager of bottom club Portsmouth with a 2-0 victory at home to Burnley , as striker Aruna Dindane made up for a first-half penalty miss by adding the second goal following defender Hermann Hreidarsson 's 65th-minute opener . Wolverhampton remained in the relegation zone despite ending a three-game losing streak by triumphing 2-1 against visiting Bolton , who dropped to second from bottom .	Frank Lampard misses a late penalty as Chelsea lose 2-1 at Manchester City City move up to sixth place after ending a record run of seven successive draws Manchester United cut Chelsea 's league lead to two points , winning 4-0 at West Ham United suffer more defensive problems as Gary Neville and Wes Brown go off with injuries
CNN  -- A former Army lieutenant who was discharged from service last week for being openly gay said Sunday that he will continue to fight for a quick repeal of the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . "  I know that there are a lot of people who are suffering , and my oath , my commitment to them , does n't end , " former Lt. Dan Choi told CNN 's Don Lemon . Choi was arrested in March for handcuffing himself to a White House fence in protest of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , which bars people who are openly gay or lesbian from serving in the military . He admitted his sexual orientation publicly for the first time last year on MSNBC 's "  The Rachel Maddow Show , " prompting the Army to initiate proceedings to discharge him . Choi said that while his honorable discharge hurts , he knows there is a "  greater purpose for every single one of us , even if we 're stripped of all our wealth or our resources . " "  One thing about honor , one thing about dignity -- it 's not dependent on what 's written on a document , " he said . "  That comes from standing up and being truthful to who you are . " He also vowed to "  continue to speak up for those people who can not . " "  I 'm going to continue to pressure those who purport to be our friends -- whether they 're congressmen , senators or the president himself . If they make a promise , I will hold them to it . " President Barack Obama is pushing for a repeal of the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . A bill that would overturn the measure after a Pentagon review is completed in December is currently before Congress . More than 12,500 gays have been booted from the military since "  do n't ask , do n't tell " went into effect . Choi , a 2003 West Point graduate who is fluent in Arabic , was an infantry platoon leader , serving with his unit in Iraq in 2006 and 2007 .	Army Lt. Dan Choi was honorably discharged last week for being openly gay He says he will continue to fight for those who can not speak up President Obama is pushing for a repeal of the controversial policy
CNN  -- The world produces enough food to meet the needs of its population , yet nearly one in six people suffers from chronic hunger according to the United Nations ' Committee on World Food Security . There are ways to change this statistic . Here are five creative ways to make an impact on hunger in your community and around the globe . Create The Empty Bowls Project , the brainchild of artists John Hartom and Lisa Blackburn , uses ceramic arts to fight hunger . At each event potters and other artisans donate handcrafted bowls . Guests select one of the bowls and are served a meal of soup and bread . They take home their bowl as a reminder of how many go empty around the world . Money raised is donated to organizations fighting hunger locally , like soup kitchens and food banks , or globally , like Oxfam and Feed the Children . Empty Bowls started as a classroom project , but the movement has spread across the United States and to at least 14 other countries . Events vary between locations because they are independently organized , but all share the Empty Bowls name and mission . To find an Empty Bowls event near your or learn how to host your own , visit the website . Dine What if fighting world hunger were as easy as eating lunch ? That 's the goal of the One World Everybody Eats Foundation  OWEE  . The foundation began with a single cafe in Salt Lake City where the menu has no prices . Customers who can afford it are asked to pay a little extra for their meals to help those who ca n't . Those in need can volunteer and earn a meal or enjoy the "  community dish " free of charge . Dishes are prepared fresh daily and use many local , organic ingredients . "  I think we have to rethink how we feed people in their time of need , " says OWEE founder Denise Cerreta . "  What sets this apart from other restaurants is that truly anyone can walk through the door and afford to eat here , and it 's good , organic , wholesome food . " Through the foundation , Cerreta now mentors a network of these cafes around the country . For more information about the foundation and a list of current locations visit the website . Tweet The #AfricaNeedsYou project is harnessing the power of the Twitterverse to help famine victims in East Africa , asking dozens of celebrities who get paid to tweet about products to donate their endorsement money to UNICEF . All twitter users can log on to send a prewritten tweet to one of these celebrities encouraging them to get involved . "  Usually , it 's the celebrities who have influence over the crowd ; we 're trying to shift the balance of power and give the crowd influence over the celebrities , " says co-founder Paul Calway in a statement announcing the project . To learn more about UNICEF 's work in East Africa or to make a personal donation go online . Build You do n't have to work for a nonprofit or NGO to fight hunger with your professional skills . Canstruction is proof . Canstruction hosts design competitions for architects , engineers , contractors and students where teams construct fantastic sculptures out of canned foods . At the end of the competitions , the cans are donated to local food banks . The organization says it raised more than 2 million pounds of food last year at 103 competitions around the world . If you 're not a designer or architect , do n't worry . You can still participate by attending one of the competitions and voting for your favorite design . Cost of admission varies but is often a can of food . For more information and a list of upcoming Canstruction competitions , go to the organization 's website . Learn Test your knowledge and feed the world by playing Freerice , a free online trivia game benefiting the World Food Programme  WFP  . Players pick subjects ranging from literature to chemistry , and for every correct answer ten grains of rice are donated through WFP to end hunger . Sponsor ads on the site fund rice donations . WFP estimates it takes 9,700 grains of rice to feed one person one meal . Players donated over 13 billion grains last year , totaling over 1.3 million meals . Since June , all rice earned through the game supports WFP 's school meal programs in Cambodia . Rice is purchased in country , supporting the Cambodian economy . The game is available in English , Spanish , Italian and French . A Chinese version is coming soon .	Nearly one in six people suffers from chronic hunger , according to the U.N. Fighting hunger can be as easy as dining out , playing a game , or sending a tweet Artists and architects use their skills to fight hunger and raise awareness
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Argentinians planning to travel to the northern part of the country , Brazil and Paraguay were lining up for vaccinations Tuesday , because of a yellow fever breakout that has killed at least 21 people in the region . An Argentinian man receives a vaccination in Buenos Aires , Argentina . Public health officials recommend that anyone planning to travel to an affected area get the vaccine -- which is effective for a decade -- 10 days before arriving . Concern in Argentina began last month , when health authorities reported finding 17 dead monkeys in Pinalito Park , in the San Pedro Department of Misiones Province . Tests showed they had died of yellow fever . But the Ministry of Health 's Dr. Hugo Fernandez pointed out that the last documented case of yellow fever among people in Argentina was in 1841 . "  What we have had until now is death in monkeys from the transmission of the virus , " he said . "  That put us on alert , and we have put in place all the necessary controls since January of this year . " Watch residents line up for the vaccines " The Ministry of Health recommended that residents and travelers to the "  high-alert " area in northern Argentina , near the borders of Brazil , Bolivia and Paraguay , also receive the vaccine . On Monday , Paraguay 's Ministry of Health and Social Welfare confirmed 16 cases , eight of them fatal , in two areas in the center of the country -- San Pedro Department and Central Department . Brazil had tallied 13 deaths , the country 's Ministry of Health said . As of Saturday , more than half of the 2 million vaccine doses obtained by Paraguay from the World Health Organization had been administered , the government said . A team from the WHO 's Pan American Health Organization has been working in the country since February 15 . Some Paraguayans have endured long waits for vaccines in sweltering heat . "  Citizens pay taxes for our health and education , but there are no vaccines here , " Cynthia Shaerer , told CNN last week . "  We do n't need speeches here . We need vaccines . " People contract yellow fever from the bite of an infected mosquito . The disease causes fever , muscle pain , headaches , shivering , nausea and vomiting , the World Health Organization says . Most people improve after three or four days , but some enter a second "  toxic " phase that causes fever , jaundice and blood in the vomit , the health organization says . About half of the people who enter the second phase of yellow fever die within 10 days . There is no treatment , so medical authorities recommend vaccinations . Yellow fever typically is found in tropical regions of Africa and Latin America . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Carolina Cayazzo and Sanie Lopez Garelli contributed to this story	Disease outbreak has occurred in northern Argentina , Brazil and Paraguay The outbreak has killed at least 21 people Health officials recommend that people planning to go to affected areas get vaccine Concern began in Argentina last month after 17 monkeys died of yellow fever
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Singer Bobby Brown faces his second drunken driving charge this year after a Los Angeles police officer pulled him over in the Studio City community early Wednesday , police said . The officer smelled "  a strong scent of alcohol " when he approached Brown during the Ventura Boulevard traffic stop , prompting a field sobriety test , a police spokesman said . After the test , Brown was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of alcohol and booked into a jail , the police spokesman said . He was released on bond about seven hours later , he said . Brown 's representative did not immediately respond to a CNN call for comment . Photos : Celebrity mug shots Brown checked into a "  confidential rehabilitation center " in August for treatment "  relating to alcohol use , " his spokesman said at the time . Brown , 43 , agreed to enter a 90-day alcohol treatment program when he pleaded no contest in Los Angeles County to driving with a blood alcohol content of .08 % or higher in April . He also was sentenced to 36 months of probation , according to his attorney , Tiffany Feder . Brown married Alicia Etheridge , his manager , in a ceremony in Hawaii in June . The couple got engaged in 2010 at a New Edition concert after dating for close to three years . They have a 3-year-old son , Cassius . He admitted himself to the rehab proram three weeks after concluding his honeymoon in Mexico and during a break from the New Edition tour , his spokesman said . Brown was previously married to the late Whitney Houston , who he divorced in 2007 . In addition to Cassius , Brown has one daughter , Bobbi Kristina , from his relationship with Houston , as well as three other children . Brown has been touring this year with his group New Edition . The R&B artist released "  Masterpiece , " his first solo album in 14 years , in June . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Officer reports smelling "  a strong scent of alcohol , " police say Brown checked into rehab treatment "  relating to alcohol use " in August He pleaded no contest after a drunken driving arrest in April
CNN  -- Apple released Mountain Lion to developers last week , a new operating system that will make your desktop computer work more like your phone than ever before . The trend is clear : The desktop operating system will merge with the mobile OS in the coming years . The question is : Why ? Let 's start with the trend itself . First off , Apple is integrating cloud services much more deeply in Mountain Lion than any previous operating system . That means your music , photos , calendars , contacts , emails and more can now stay in sync across your phone , tablet and Mac . Apple has also unified your messages across your devices : The Message app  formerly iMessages  will replace iChat on the Mac . That 's not all : Mountain Lion also gets a notification center that works just like the notifications you receive on your phone . Games Center is coming to the Mac as well , allowing you to play games against your friends who own iPhones and iPads . Apps like Reminders , Notes and Contacts are also all getting desktop versions -- and of course these sync with your mobile devices so your data is always up to date . Most notable of all : Apple is now pushing software updates through the Mac App Store , hinting that the App Store may become the only way to get software on your Mac in the future . So what are the advantages of your desktop computer merging with your phone 's functionality ? And are there any downsides ? Simplicity The main reason Apple wants to make Macs work like the iPhone and iPad is simple . Or rather , simplicity . Despite decades of innovation and the invention of the graphical user interface , computers remain too confusing and complex for the majority of people . While more powerful software with complex functionality will continue to exist for highly technical users , most consumers want a device that 's easy to use and intuitive . The rise of the iPad and iPhone prove that there 's huge demand for such simplicity , and that desktops too will need to become more streamlined . The downside of simplicity ? Simple systems are often less "  open " and provide less freedom to try new things : Tasks are either easy to complete  because the developers thought of that use case  or not possible at all . Security Mobile operating systems could potentially be more secure than their desktop counterparts . In particular , if Apple makes the App Store the only way to download apps to your Mac , it would become more difficult for users to install malware  since Apple manually approves every app in the store  . What 's more , mobile features like tracking the location of your devices or wiping them remotely will make consumer desktops more secure . There are downsides to app stores , however . Not only would devices become less open -- the makers of operating systems become gatekeepers -- but you could argue that Apple and its rivals simply want to force the use of app stores so that they make more money for themselves . Syncing Perhaps the most obvious benefit of making desktops work more like phones is unity between all your devices . With a similar  or single  operating system on all your gadgets , syncing apps , contacts and calendars between them all becomes effortless . There 's a downside for users , however : Competing operating systems tend not to work well together , and using one operating system across all devices means uses are "  locked in " more than ever before . So there you have it : Your desktop computer is becoming more and more like your phone -- and in fact the line between the two will one day disappear . If you think it 's just Apple 's devices that are headed toward a simpler operating system , however , you 'd be mistaken -- Apple is merely in the news because Mountain Lion became available to developers last week . In fact , Microsoft 's Windows 8 takes its cues from Windows Phone , meaning that the two major desktop operating systems will mimic your mobile devices very soon .	Desktop operating systems will merge with mobile OS in the coming years Music , photos , calendars and emails now sync across your phone , tablet and Mac But simple systems are often less "  open " and provide less freedom to try new things
CNN  -- Icelandic Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir of the center-left Social Democratic Alliance has claimed victory in general elections triggered by the collapse of the Nordic nation 's economy . Sigurdardottir celebrates victory on Saturday night . Sigurdardottir 's party , which has headed an interim government since February 1 , was on course to win around 30 percent of the vote or 20 parliamentary seats , according to state broadcaster RUV . The Left-Green Movement , the Social Democratic Alliance 's coalition ally , was expected to win 14 seats , giving the coalition a controlling 34-seat block in the 63-member Icelandic parliament , the Althing . "  I believe this will be our big victory , " Sigurdardottir told supporters , according to Reuters.com . "  I am touched , proud and humble at this moment when we are experiencing this great , historic victory of the social democratic movement . " Sigurdardottir 's electoral success marks a change of direction for Iceland , a nation 300,000 people , which has traditionally leaned to the right on political matters . Sigurdardottir , the world 's first openly gay leader and Iceland 's first female premier , has pledged to take the Atlantic island into the European Union and to join the euro common currency as a viable way to rescue Iceland 's suffering economy . But that ambition could bring Sigurdardottir into conflict with the Left-Green Movement which favors a currency union with Norway as an alternative to EU membership . Iceland has been in political turmoil since October , when its currency , stock market and leading banks crashed amid the global financial crisis . The country 's Nordic neighbors sent billions of dollars to prop up the economy , as did the International Monetary Fund in its first intervention to support a Western European democracy in decades . But weekly demonstrations -- some verging on riots -- finally forced Prime Minister Geir Haarde and his Independence Party-led center-right coalition to resign en masse on January 26 . The Independence Party was projected to win 16 seats in Saturday 's vote , according to RUV .	Center-left secures re-election in Icelandic vote triggered by financial crisis Johanna Sigurdardottir , world 's first openly gay premier , set to continue as PM Iceland in turmoil since currency , stock market , leading banks crashed last year
EW.com  -- Martin Lawrence could be coming back to prime-time TV next fall . CBS has given one of the "  Bad Boys " actor-comedian 's projects a pilot order . The untitled project stars Lawrence as a widowed father of two teenagers who , after losing his job in construction , decides to go to the police academy and become a cop at the age of 46 . You could see why CBS would be drawn to the concept . This is a network built on cop dramas . Why not get a cop comedy going too ? Mike Lisbe and Nate Reger  "  Just Shoot Me , " "  $ * # ! My Dad Says "  will write and executive produce , with Michael Green and Sam Maydew from the Collective as EPs . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The untitled project stars Martin Lawrence as a widowed father of two teenagers He eventually decides to go to the police academy and become a cop at the age of 46 Mike Lisbe and Nate Reger will write and executive produce
Editor 's note : This article was originally published on August 29 , 2013 . HLNtv.com  -- For most people it starts with a telltale , bulls-eye rash and flu-like symptoms . It then develops into neurological problems , such as numbness in the limbs or facial paralysis , leaving the patient in excruciating pain . About 300,000 Americans each year are infected with Lyme disease , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . That number , the CDC reported last week , is about 10 times higher than they had previously estimated . But what if you never get the rash ? What if you blow off your symptoms as a bad case of the flu ? I spent the first 30 years of my life in New England , where talk about Lyme disease was prevalent . When I was little my mother would have us slather on the DEET before we went outside made sure we had long pants and socks on , especially when we 'd play in the woods . She 'd check us for ticks and remove any she found with a match and tweezers . Problem solved -- no rash , good to go . Buzz off , bugs ! How to stay safe during insect season Then in 2006 I moved to Atlanta , and Lyme disease faded from my mind . Common in the Northeast , Lyme disease is found less often in the South . The year I arrived , eight cases were reported in Georgia , compared to 1,788 in my home state of Connecticut . I am now one of the cases for 2013 . At least once a week , my muscles start to twitch uncontrollably ; they tighten so much my fingers turn into fists . I can feel my fingernails digging through my skin . My heart races out of control and my blood pressure skyrockets . My doctor holds me down , consoling me , telling me to breathe because he has no idea what 's going on . My face is numb , and it feels like I have the flu . I have trouble breathing . The pain is so bad I start to cry . A few years ago I noticed a pain radiating down my leg , starting from the small of my back . I had had artificial disc surgery in my spine a couple years prior and thought this new pain was due to scar tissue from the surgery . Then I went to work one day and lost all feeling in my legs . My arms were tingling and it felt like I had pins and needles everywhere in my body . I went to the ER , and that night , I became a medical mystery . I had a full body MRI  the first of many  and by the end of the night I had seen at least five neurologists . They chalked it up to my previously damaged spine , gave me some painkillers and sent me on my way . This sequence of events would continue for another two years . Each time the diagnosis would change , but the end result would stay the same . I saw a neurologist , a neurosurgeon , an orthopedic surgeon , a urologist , a neuro-urologist , a kidney specialist , three different pain doctors and a pain psychologist . My diagnoses varied from heart disease to polycystic kidney disease to Lupus . I had many different neurologic disorders -- fibromyalgia , psychosomatic disorder and my personal favorite , neurosyphilis -- according to these doctors . I had multiple brain MRIs that revealed lesions in my brain ; these were due to my high blood pressure , the doctors told me . I continued to get little headaches that would come , last for a minute and disappear . My legs would lose feeling and everyday it seemed like I was getting weaker . I would get Bell 's palsy -- a syndrome where part of my face would be paralyzed and slump to one side . My body would twitch uncontrollably , and then tighten up to the point where I thought my bones would break . I was told my pain was all in my head , that it was n't real . Why you should be afraid of Lyme disease I should have been thinking about Lyme disease . I know several friends and family members who have contracted the disease . But I had moved to South . I did n't think I had been bitten by a tick . I had no rash . Still , research about my symptoms online showed late stage Lyme disease made sense . During an appointment with my neurologist last month , after another trip to the emergency room , I asked : What about Lyme disease ? They tested my blood , and three days later the results came back positive . I was devastated . Had I only thought of it earlier , or had my doctors only thought of it earlier , the bacteria that manifests itself as the disease could have been eradicated . In the medical community , chronic Lyme disease is a controversial diagnosis . Lyme disease is usually treated with medication for no longer than 28 days . But for some , even when the bacteria that causes the disease is gone , the symptoms still remain . The CDC calls it post-treatment Lyme disease syndrome . "  Approximately 10 to 20 % of patients treated for Lyme disease with a recommended 2-4 week course of antibiotics will have lingering symptoms of fatigue , pain , or joint and muscle aches , " its website states . "  Most medical experts believe that the lingering symptoms are the result of residual damage to tissues and the immune system that occurred during the infection . " The CDC goes on to say that no studies have proven antibiotic treatment past three to four weeks leads to any improvement in the patient . Some doctors disagree . Since there is still so much we do n't know about the disease , the controversy ensues . In the next few months , I will see what relief my treatment will bring . My only hope is that by sharing my story , others wo n't suffer the same fate as me .	About 300,000 Americans each year are infected with Lyme disease Common in the Northeast , it 's found and diagnosed less often in the South CNN producer spent two years trying to find a diagnosis for his symptoms Approximately 10 to 20 % of patients treated for Lyme disease have lingering pain
CNN  -- America is heading toward an energy cliff in the next 20 years , and the impacts could be much worse than those of the recent recession . Simply put , we can not keep out of economic downturn without a readily available supply of clean and abundant energy -- from sources that are affordable , scalable to meet long-term demand and that do not compound the problem of global climate change . CNN Films ' documentary "  Pandora 's Promise " correctly suggests that nuclear power is the safest , most stable and most secure option for achieving that goal . The U.S. nuclear fleet is robust , but even with license extensions , plants soon will reach the end of their design life . And an aging fleet of coal-fired power plants has numerous challenges with environmental compliance . Combined , these two sources represent approximately 60 % of this nation 's electricity supply . The U.S. Department of Energy forecasts that somewhere between 35 to 60 gigawatts of coal-fired power plants , or one-fifth of the U.S. energy supply , will be shut down by 2018 because of today 's lower gas prices and rigorous enforcement of clean air standards . Electricity use at the same time is expected to grow by nearly 30 % through the year 2040 . Energy-efficient products have helped to reduce consumption , but they have been outpaced by new demand from other energy-consuming lifestyle choices . As "  Pandora 's " director Robert Stone rightly points out about the weakness of renewables , carbon sources of generation are needed to supply the intermittent electricity capacity when the sun is n't shining or when the wind is n't blowing . Nuclear power has been proven to be the safest form of energy since the first reactor went online in the U.S. more than 50 years ago . What 's more , the new plants being built today by Westinghouse feature advanced technology and design that take safety to new levels and are being built around the world . For more than 35 years , the nuclear industry has provided over 20 % of the electricity that powers the U.S. economy , creating jobs and fueling economic growth . Many thought the 1979 accident at Three Mile Island would mean the end of the nuclear industry . In fact , the industry , with the oversight of government regulators , learned a great deal from that event and over the next decade reinvented itself . In the years that followed , the U.S. nuclear fleet and its suppliers developed , embraced and set the highest standards of nuclear plant safety in the world . Improvements in technology , design , plant maintenance , and operations enabled the nuclear industry to do more than survive -- it actually grew . Existing nuclear plants improved safety and were uprated , adding the equivalent of many new reactors without actually building a new one . Today the U.S. nuclear industry consists of about 200,000 highly trained employees and is the world 's leading exporter of advanced nuclear technology . While the building of new nuclear power reactors in the U.S. was slowed , the world increased its nuclear fleet to more than 430 reactors . Even today more than 70 new reactors are in some phase of project development and construction globally . In 2010 , two forward-thinking utilities in the southeastern U.S. made an investment in the future to protect stable pricing and hedge against pending environmental regulations that penalize carbon emissions . They committed to building four new Westinghouse advanced-generation nuclear power plants -- the first in the U.S. in 30 years . The utilities understood that a balanced fuel portfolio creates stability , predictable costs , and hedges price and supply volatility in the natural gas market . For most of the last three decades , nuclear generating costs have been lower than those for natural gas or coal . Today we are realizing the benefits of low-priced natural gas , but history tells us that over time and increased use , price volatility will return . It is important to remember that large-scale energy infrastructure investments typically have a life span of 60 years or more . Investors trade off between higher construction costs and the long-term price and supply security of nuclear versus a lower construction cost and high exposure to long-term supply and price volatility . In my lifetime , I have been assured at least twice of a new 100-year supply of natural gas , only to have those hopes dashed as increasing demand repeatedly burst the natural gas bubble . In the U.S. , concern over high natural gas prices , global natural gas shortages and potential carbon taxes gave rise to the so-called "  nuclear renaissance " of just a few short years ago . But the financial crisis and economic downturn that followed reduced the number of planned new nuclear plants from 25 to just five that actually started construction . Related story : "  Nuclear renaissance " Others have extended planned starts due to economic conditions . In addition to the eight new units Westinghouse currently has under construction around the world , we have another 30 units that will begin construction within the next 10 years . Our new advanced nuclear power capacity will help fuel global industrialization without long-term environmental impacts . And these new plants are designed with features that can withstand the kind of natural disaster that happened in Japan . One thing is certain -- we need the power that these new nuclear plants can provide in order to meet the expected shortfall that will occur in the years ahead . The industry and government policymakers alike recognize that nuclear energy must be part of any national energy policy and is the most certain environmental solution to keep us from going off the energy cliff without taking away our clean air . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Roderick .	Coming "  energy cliff " could be worse than recession , says Westinghouse 's Danny Roderick U.S. estimates coal plants that produce 20 % of the nation 's energy supply will close by 2018 Meanwhile electricity use will grow by nearly 30 % by 2040 , author says Nuclear power is the best solution , without taking away our clean air , says Roderick
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Beastie Boys canceled all scheduled concerts and delayed their next album release while member Adam "  MCA " Yauch is treated for a cancerous tumor in a salivary gland , Yauch says in a video statement to fans . The Beastie Boys ' Adam Yauch will be treated for a cancerous tumor in a salivary gland . "  The good news is that they did scans of my whole body and it 's only localized in this one area and it 's not in a place that affects my voice , " Yauch says . "  So , that 's nice . That 's convenient . " The cancer is in his left parotid gland and "  also in a lymph node right in that area , " he says . He will probably have surgery next week and radiation treatments afterward , he says . With band mate Adam "  Ad-Rock " Horovitz sitting next to him , Yauch tells fans how he found out he had cancer . "  About two months ago , I started feeling this little lump in my throat , like you would feel if you have swollen glands or something like that , like you 'd feel if you have a cold , so I did n't really think it was anything , " he says . His doctor sent him to a specialist who diagnosed the cancer , he says . Yauch does not estimate how long the tour will be delayed , but he apologizes to "  anyone who 's made plans " to come to the shows . The illness will also delay the release of the band 's next album , "  Hot Sauce Committee Part 1 , " he says .	Beastie Boys member Adam "  MCA " Yauch has cancerous tumor Band postponing tour , delaying release of next album while he gets treated Yauch : Tumor "  only localized in this one area "
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A German man is facing federal charges in the United States on suspicion of trying to extort money from supermodel Cindy Crawford and her husband , using a photograph of the couple 's then-7-year-old daughter , court documents said . Edis Kayalar is charged with one count of extortion in a criminal complaint filed Thursday , according to Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Central District of California . The photo , apparently taken as a prank by their former nanny , shows the couple 's daughter bound to a chair , court documents said . Kayalar was deported to Germany from the United States in September after he had repeated contacts with Crawford and her husband , business mogul Rande Gerber . However , the complaint against him alleges , he continued to demand money from them . Federal prosecutors are in contact with German authorities on the matter , Mrozek told CNN , but as of Thursday night Kayalar was not in custody . If convicted , Kayalar faces a maximum penalty of two years in federal prison . Kayalar first contacted Crawford and Gerber in July , according to the criminal complaint . He told Crawford , who answered the phone , that he had a photograph of their daughter and wanted to help them out because he is a "  good person , " the documents said . Crawford then handed the telephone to her husband . Identifying himself as "  Brian , " Kayalar told Gerber he had a photograph of their daughter in "  revealing clothing , bound to a chair and gagged , " according to the complaint . He said he had stolen the photograph from the former nanny and that he wanted to return it because it "  bothered " him and he felt it "  just was n't right , " the complaint said . He told Gerber he wanted to give up the photograph so it would not end up in the tabloids , according to the documents . Kayalar told Gerber he had met the former nanny at a bar about three months before , when the woman still worked for the couple , and that he had been at her apartment and gotten Crawford 's number from the nanny 's cellular phone while the nanny was sleeping , the complaint said . The couple notified the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . In the affidavit , an FBI agent states that she reviewed the photograph , which depicts the girl , who has since turned 8 , bound and gagged in a chair and wearing shorts and a T-shirt . The girl told her parents -- who did not know it had been taken -- that the former nanny took it as part of a "  cops and robbers " game . Kayalar called again , arranging to meet Gerber at a bar in Venice , California , to return the photograph , the court documents said . He did not ask directly for money , but hinted that he was "  broke " and would like a monetary reward for the return , according to the complaint . Gerber brought a sheriff 's deputy to the meeting . During the meeting , Kayalar told Gerber he did not have the original image with him , saying he had left it with friends for "  security purposes , " but showed him a copy he had saved on his cellular phone , according to the complaint . He told Gerber stole the photograph from the nanny 's apartment along with a handwritten note saying , "  The baby sitter went crazy and tied everyone up and they need your help ! Please . " Gerber and the deputy then got Kayalar to call and arrange to meet the former nanny with them . When the former nanny -- who was not identified in court documents -- saw Gerber with Kayalar , she "  became extremely upset and began to cry , " the court documents said . She apologized to Gerber and told him the photograph had been taken as a prank , and that she initially had planned to put the photograph and the note on the front door of the couple 's home "  in order to pull a prank on Crawford " but had not done so . On the way back to the bar , Kayalar repeatedly asked Gerber for money , the complaint said , saying that "  he could get a lot of money from the tabloids for the photograph . " He said he would deliver the photograph to Gerber the following day . Gerber went to meet with Kayalar the next day in Malibu , later telling police he obtained a hard copy of the photograph from him and gave him $ 1,000 "  for his trouble , " according to the court documents . But two days later , Gerber called police again , saying Kayalar called and demanded more money , saying he still had a copy of the photograph . During the Venice meeting , Kayalar told the sheriff 's deputy he was a German citizen and that his true name was Edis Kayalar , the complaint said . U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement found he was in the United States illegally , and he was arrested and deported . In November , Kayalar began calling the couple from Germany , however , saying he had no choice but to demand more money since they had "  gotten him deported , " court documents said . He said he wanted $ 100,000 for not releasing or selling the photograph to the media . "  Kayalar stated that before , he had not committed any crime , but that now he was committing extortion , " the complaint said . He provided them with German bank account information . Gerber asked for proof that he still had the picture , and shortly afterward received an e-mail with a copy of it . Authorities traced the computer used to send the e-mail to Stuttgart , Germany , the complaint said . Since then , Kayalar has made another attempt to obtain money from the couple , according to court documents , and Gerber stalled , saying he needed more time to get the money .	Edis Kayalar , of Germany , charged in U.S. with extortion Man used photo of Crawford 's daughter in extortion attempt , authorities allege Court documents : Photo , showing girl bound to a chair , apparently taken by nanny for prank Man claimed he stole photo from nanny , court documents say
CNN  -- Apple devices , from Macs to iPhones , have always been able to boast of advanced safety from viruses , spam and the like . Now , apparently , not even your phone charger is safe . A team of researchers from Georgia Tech say they 've discovered , and can demonstrate , a way to to hack into an iPhone or iPad in less than a minute using a "  malicious charger . " The team plans to demonstrate its findings at the Black Hat computer security conference , which begins July 27 in Las Vegas . In a preview of its presentation , the team acknowledges Apple 's "  plethora of defense mechanisms in iOS . " Historically , Mac users have been able to boast of being largely malware free , in part because spammers , scammers and hackers preferred to target the larger number of Windows computers in the world . On its mobile iOS operating system , Apple has created a "  closed garden " environment in which everything from apps to accessories has to be approved by Apple , as opposed to Google 's more wide-open Android system . But by attacking in a nontraditional way , the team of Billy Lau , Yeongjin Jang and Chengyu Song say , those defenses can be bypassed . "  W  e investigated the extent to which security threats were considered when performing everyday activities such as charging a device , " they wrote . "  The results were alarming : despite the plethora of defense mechanisms in iOS , we successfully injected arbitrary software into current-generation Apple devices running the latest operating system  OS  software . "  All users are affected , as our approach requires neither a jailbroken device nor user interaction . " The team says they have built a malicious charger named Mactans , which they plan to demonstrate at Black Hat . Latrodectus mactans is the scientific name for the deadly black widow spider . The preview does n't say whether the charger is a modified version of Apple 's standard equipment or entirely new . "  While Mactans was built with limited amount of time and a small budget , we also briefly consider what more motivated , well-funded adversaries could accomplish , " they wrote . "  Finally , we recommend ways in which users can protect themselves and suggest security features Apple could implement to make the attacks we describe substantially more difficult to pull off . " Apple did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment .	Researchers say they can hack Apple mobile devices through the charger Georgia Tech team will present findings at Black Hat security conference Claim : Malicious charger "  Mactans " can hack iOS in less than a minute
CNN  -- An arrest warrant has been issued for a Florida man suspected in the shooting deaths of four people , including his sisters , in the coastal town of Jupiter , authorities said Saturday . Paul Michael Merhige , 35 , allegedly left the scene of the Thanksgiving Day shooting armed . He faces four counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder , the Palm Beach County State Attorney 's Office said in a statement . The U.S. Marshals have joined the search for Merhige , and a $ 10,000 reward was offered for information leading to his arrest . The shooting victims include Merhige 's 6-year-old cousin , Makayla Sitton ; his 33-year-old twin sisters , Carla Merhige and Lisa Knight ; and 76-year-old Raymond Joseph , police said . One of the victims -- Knight -- was pregnant , a police spokeswoman said Friday . Two others -- Patrick Knight and Clifford Gebara -- were wounded , police said . Interviews with family members suggest that Merhige "  had ongoing resentment " for some of his relatives , said Sally Collins-Ortiz , a spokeswoman for Jupiter police . The shooting occurred about 10 p.m. Thursday . Merhige is thought to have escaped in a blue 2007 Toyota Camry with Florida license plate number W42 7JT , police said .	Paul Michael Merhige faces four counts of first-degree murder , two counts of attempted murder Four shot dead , 2 hurt in Jupiter , Florida on Thanksgiving night Police : Merhige may have had "  resentment " for relatives
Washington  CNN  -- In his retirement announcement , Republican Sen. Saxby Cambliss cited "  the dearth of meaningful action from Congress " as one reason for not seeking re-election next year . "  The debt-ceiling debacle of 2011 and the recent fiscal-cliff vote showed Congress at its worst and , sadly , I do n't see the legislative gridlock and partisan posturing improving anytime soon , " the Capitol Hill veteran said in a statement . Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin can appreciate Chambliss ' sentiments . When was asked earlier this month about the functionality of Congress , he chalked up the body 's poor legislative record to a few problems . The most important one , he said , was the fact that members do n't know one another outside of work . "  In two years -LSB- since he came to Washington -RSB- , we have not had , in the Senate , a bipartisan caucus , where Democrats and Republicans talked about the problems of the day to try and find commonality , " he lamented . Manchin is not alone . "  It is very sad . And I know many times I would look up on TV and I would see somebody and then the name would come up and it would say ` member of Congress ' and I 'd go ' I do n't even know who that is , ' " said former Republican Rep. Connie Mack , who lost his re-election bid in November . It is a common refrain on the Hill -- the idea that if Congress were more social , more buddy-buddy outside the Capitol complex , that it would be more functional in doing the people 's work . The good old days The truth is not that simple , according to former leaders of the Senate and House . The nostalgia for the "  good ol' days , " when members would play tennis atop the Hart Office Building and drink whiskey after hours , may be tempting to admire , but it is far from the cure-all for Washington 's seemingly unbreakable gridlock , they say . "  Nostalgia is always great , " Dan Glickman , a former Democratic representative from Kansas and senior fellow at the Bipartisan Policy Center , said with a laugh . "  Sometimes I remember my life as congressman in the '80s positively and my wife says I am dreaming . ` You hated it , ' she will say , " he said . Glickman was in Congress from 1977 to 1995 then was President Bill Clinton 's agriculture secretary until 2001 . He said he watched Congress change in the late 1990s and 2000s and wondered about the tipping point . His synopsis : Congress is like other organizations , except it has 535 independent contractors rather than a business-like structure built around a chain of command . "  Congress is no different than any other organization , if people do n't get along , then you get dysfunction , " Glickman said . "  Basic principles of just human interaction are if you do n't like each other and you distrust each other , that is a recipe for an unproductive life . " If numbers are any judge , the 112th Congress was markedly unproductive . The 220 laws enacted were the least in four decades . One fifth dealt with naming or renaming post offices and federal buildings . By comparison , the 100th Congress enacted 713 laws . DC an electoral death trap Being more sociable "  is not the cure-all , " Glickman said . Other former members of Congress and high-level aides say the good old days may have been nicer , sociability wo n't lead to bipartisanship . "  I think it is broader and bigger than that , " said former Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott . "  I do n't want too much revisionist history . Everybody said that was the golden era -LSB- in the early 90s -RSB- . It was not always easy , though . We had some pretty tough disagreements . " Lott points to the welfare debate between Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich and impeachment proceedings against the president in the late 90s as examples . For men like Glickman and Lott , the problems of Congress are deeper than whether they dine , drink and hang out with each other . The fact that California is only a five-hour flight from Washington means that members can easily get into town on a Monday and head out by Thursday night , leaving no time to socialize . "  When I first came to Washington , members had six roundtrip air tickets paid for , " Lott said . "  Now it is unlimited , you can use whatever part of your budget on airfare . " "  Congress is becoming a commuter Congress , " said former Democratic Sen. Bryon Dorgan from North Dakota . Living in Washington also has become an electoral death trap . "  If members are going to be social with each other , it is going to have to be in Washington , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of The Rothenberg Political Report . "  Members are spending the least amount of time in Washington as possible because they do n't want the baggage of being seen as ` too Washington . ' " Funds are raised from the extremes , not in the middle , said Patrick Kennedy , a former House member from Rhode Island who did not seek re-election in 2010 . Until there are well-funded outside groups funding centrist candidates , he said , the polarization of the House and Senate will get worse . "  You -LSB- a member of Congress -RSB- follow the money and you follow the activists and of course those folks , whether you are a Democrat or a Republican , keep you out of the middle because the middle is the valley of death politically , " Kennedy said . Cards anyone ? Lott believes President Barack Obama is a big part of the problem . "  He does n't really invite Democrats over there very often , let alone Republicans , " he said . The truism that Obama is n't social enough with Congress was a common refrain during his first four years in office and that wo n't change , if history is any judge . When asked about it , the president generally laughs it off , references his kids and moves on . He did exactly that on January 15 when a reporter asked him whether he and the White House staff "  are too insular . " "  Obviously , I can always do a better job , " Obama said . "  And the nice thing is that now that my girls are getting older , they do n't want to spend that much time with me anyway , so I 'll be probably calling around , looking for somebody to play cards with me or something , because I 'm getting kind of lonely in this big house . " Some Democrats , like Jim Manley , a former spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , say the idea that more would get done if Obama were more of a schmoozer is wrong . "  Anyone who thinks that by virtue of the president inviting Senator -LSB- Mitch -RSB- McConnell down to the White House to watch a movie is going to help improve things needs to get their head examined , " Manley said . "  That is not the way it works . " But if you ask Capitol Hill watchers like Gonzales , the distance between Obama and Congress is an issue . Democrats want a fuller embrace from their leader in the White House , while Republicans feel they are n't getting the level of respect they deserve . For that to happen , says Gonzales , there has to be something in it for both sides . "  What is the incentive for them -LSB- the president and Republicans -RSB- to foster these relationships , " Gonzales said . "  Their time is valuable , just to be friends for the sake of being friends , I do n't know that they have time . It is good in theory , but until they see the fruits of that time investment . " For Lott , the fruits of investing in collegiality are obvious -- lifelong friendships . Lott said he still considers Democrat and former Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle a good friend , and that he has spent weekends away with former Sen. Judd Gregg of New Hampshire and Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee , both Republicans , and their wives . Lott 's most enduring relationship from Congress seems to be with Phil Gramm , a Democrat who switched parties in the House and then became a Republican senator from Florida . Lott and his wife , Patricia , are close with Gramm and his wife , Wendy Lee . Last year they traveled to South Africa and Botswana on a personal trip together and the foursome plans to go to Turkey in June . "  Friends are for life , " Lott said about Gramm . "  Especially if they are real friends . "	A common refrain is the notion that a more sociable Congress would be more effective The 112th Congress enacted the fewest laws in four decades Congress used to be more sociable , but there were issues then , too Some observers believe Obama 's lack of social engagement is a problem
CNN  -- Venus Williams was the first former champion to fall on Friday at the U.S. Open . The American lost an epic encounter with world No. 13 Sara Errani as the Italian came through 6-0 0-6 7-6 . Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova , also former winners at Flushing Meadows , hope to stay the course later on Friday . Williams , who has rediscovered some of her best form in the build up to the final grand slam of the season , looked down and out as she lost an error-strewn opening set . But there were cheers from the crowd on Arthur Ashe court when the 34-year-old home favorite won her first game of the match at the start of the second . It looked like a phoenix from the flames comeback was on from Williams as she overpowered Errani to level at one set all . The third set saw the pendulum of momentum swing between the two players . Williams was serving for the match at 5-3 up only for Errani to break back and eventually force a deciding tiebreak . The breaker was another see-sawing affair but it was the Italian who conjured some brilliant play to wrap up it 7-5 and book her place in the fourth round . Williams came into Friday 's single match on the back off a draining doubles match with her sister Serena . The 34-year-old , who is dealing with the effects of Sjogren 's Syndrome , will turn her attention to that side of the tournament now . Fairytale in New York There was a fairytale in New York for qualifier Mirjana Lucic-Baroni as she knocked out second seed Simona Halep 7-6 6-2 . The world No. 121 had once been one of the game 's rising stars , reaching the Wimbledon semifinals in 1999 . But her career went into freefall after personal revelations about an abusive childhood . Lucic-Baroni fled to the United States with her mother and siblings but her promising tennis career was all but over . "  After so many years , it 's incredible , " the 32-year-old told reporters . "  I live for this . Every painful moment has been worth it . "	Two-time champion Venus Williams defeated in third round of U.S. Open Italian world No. 13 Sara Errani wins epic encounter 6-0 0-6 7-6 Qualifier Mirjana Lucic-Baroni knocks out second seed Simona Halep The former Croatian teenage star describes her shock victory as "  incredible "
CNN  -- A police chief who allegedly used a false identity to buy as many as 192 houses in cities in China 's southern province of Guangdong has sparked outrage on social media amid a growing scandal over corrupt officials amassing fortunes on the inflated property market . Zhao Haibin , a senior police official in Lufeng in the southern province of Guangdong , had been accused by a local businessman of using a fake ID on company documents to acquire the properties , the Guangzhou Daily reported . "  A police official openly had two IDs and used the other one to do business and cheat others . Why  does  nobody probe the case ? " local businessman Huang Kunyi was quoted as saying on state-run China Daily . Zhao acknowledged possessing double IDs - known as hukou in Chinese - but denied having 192 houses , Xinhua reported . He was reported in Chinese media as saying that he was managing the properties on behalf of his younger brother . Authorities told Xinhua that Zhao -- who is also a local Communist Party official -- had had the fake ID revoked and that he had been dismissed from his post . The case has drawn a sharp response on China 's lively social media . "  I  finally realized that in China , properties are forever in the hands of a tiny number of people , " a user of China 's Twitter-like Sina Weibo was reported as saying . The case follows other high-profile instances of high-ranking officials using fake IDs and their positions to speculate on China 's overheated property market . On Monday , police arrested Gong Aiai -- a bank official from a rural bank in China -- who allegedly built a real estate empire worth at least $ 160 million using fake IDs and graft . Dubbed "  House Sister " in the Chinese media , Gong allegedly used three false national identity cards to buy 45 properties in three cities , 41 of which were in Beijing where China 's expanding property bubble is at its hottest . The high-profile cases have captured the public imagination in a country where national identity cards limit the number of apartments a person can own -- part of a policy to cool China 's rampant property market . The use of fake IDs also points to corruption among the police who issue the cards , and authorities have detained four police officers on suspicion of helping Gong obtain the cards , the Ministry of Public Security said . There are fears the abuse of hukou - which registers a person place of residence in China - and the ID system may hamper the government 's fight against corruption . "  It could also provide the chance for officials fleeing abroad to use a passport registered with a fake ID card . Officials , with their real identities , have to hold official passports that would leave behind records for police , " Fang Qiongming , a police officer from the city of Jieyang 's public security bureau , told the Global Times . The cases have also highlighted the precarious role of construction which has come to dominate China 's economy , accounting for roughly 25 % of all activity and 15 % of all jobs . The injection of stimulus money following the 2008 financial crisis has led to the rise of newly built ghost cities -- satellite cities built without thought for any sustainable market -- as stimulus money finds its way into construction . Analysts say that more worrying still has been the rapid expansion of China 's shadow banking system . Unorthodox loans , which often come in the form of trust loans and so-called wealth management products , have gone into fund real estate development and have been criticized for having short maturities that are difficult to roll over during times of financial stress .	Chinese police chief dismissed over probe into properties Allegations center on a portfolio of 192 houses in cities in Guangdong province The scandal follows similar cases of corruption involving fake IDs China 's overheated property market has become a focus for speculators
CNN  -- The tiny puppy with the white and brown fur does n't have a name yet , just a number : 917 . When he was found , the 8-week-old puppy weighed less than five pounds and had been left in the scorching sun , wearing a chain around his neck that weighed four times as much as he did . He is one of 371 dogs seized by federal and state authorities last month in Alabama , Mississippi , Georgia and Texas in what authorities say was the second largest dogfighting ring in the United States . Normally , dogfighters wait until the canines are at least half a year old before they chain them and expose them to extreme heat or cold as part of a brutal program to transform the dogs into fighters , according to American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals CEO Matt Bershadker . This puppy was one of several "  8 - and 10-week-old puppies on heavy , heavy long chains " found during last month 's raids , according to Bershadker . ASPCA investigators were present during the raids . "  What we saw on this property brought even our hardened investigators to their knees , so to speak , " he said . The dogs were placed in the temporary care of the ASPCA and the Humane Society of the United States . More than 250 of them -- including puppy No. 917 -- were brought to a converted air-conditioned warehouse , where the ASPCA is caring for them . The others are in the care of the Humane Society . This month , CNN was granted exclusive access to the ASPCA 's rehabilitation of the former fighting dogs . CNN is not disclosing the location of the rehabilitation center for security reasons . Not only are the dogs getting medical treatment for malnourishment and injuries sustained in fighting , Bershadker said the canines also are getting "  a personal behavior modification enrichment plan to maximize each dog 's opportunity to be placed in a home . " The goal is to turn these fighting dogs into animals that can be pets or work as rescue and rehabilitation animals . "  What we will do is go to each dog individually and assess their strengths and their weaknesses , " said Bershadker . Detroit grapples with stray dog epidemic Fighting scars If he had n't been rescued , 917 and the other puppies would have likely become typical dogs bred to fight . Some of those fights , prosecutors say , brought in as much as $ 200,000 . Getting the animal into top physical condition is often the priority for those who train fighting dogs , and that usually begins with a few months lifting a heavy chain . Next the dog is put in "  the keep , " an intensive training program before its first fight . When deemed ready , the dogs will be put into the "  fighting pit " -- either in a test fight or "  the show , " a fight in front of spectators . "  Those fights can last 30 minutes , an hour , two hours , even three hours , " Bershadker said "  That 's where the physical wounds are sustained . " Although 917 was too young to sustain injuries and scars from a fight , many of the other canines seized in last month 's raid show evidence of being in a fighting pit . At the ASPCA shelter , Dr. Sarah Kirk conducts an examination on one of the rescued dog . On the table is a dog so skinny that his ribs and vertebrae are visible through his fur . "  He clearly has n't been well cared for , " she said . "  His body condition score is probably 2 out of 9 . " The cuts , scars and large tumor on his paw suggest a very hard 10 years for this animal , which likely made more than one appearance in the fighting pit . Since arriving in the shelter , the dog has been dewormed and given medicine for fleas and to manage his pain . The prognosis is good : Kirk said she believes with the proper care this dog will have a good quality of life . Raiding the dogfighting ring Last month 's raid on the dogfighting ring started with a sliver of information . "  In 2010 we got a tip from a drug defendant that there were high-stakes dogfighting going on in Lee County , Alabama , " said Clark Morris , a federal prosecutor in Alabama . That led to an investigation in Alabama that turned up more evidence of dogfighting in nearby states . Authorities executed 13 warrants in Alabama , Mississippi , Georgia and Texas , which led to 12 arrests . Those arrested have since entered pleas of not guilty to a variety of federal charges , including conspiracy to promote and sponsor dogfights and conducting a gambling business . "  These defendants were gambling anywhere from between $ 1,500 to $ 200,000 on one dogfight , according to our investigation , " said Morris , who is prosecuting the case . If convicted the defendants face up to 15 years in prison . A trial is scheduled for February . The government plans to forfeit the rights to the dogs and Morris hopes that permanent custody will go to the organizations that are currently caring for them . "  As much as I would love to parade these horribly scared dogs through the courtroom at trial I do n't think any judge is going to let me , so I am not going to need the physical dogs , " Morris said . Feds : Busted dogfighters earn spot in ` lowest places in hell ' Healing mental wounds The once empty ASPCA shelter is now lined with rows upon rows of cages that contain a variety of dogs of all ages . A walk past the cages will prompt some dogs to incessantly bark , others to jump up and down . The most dramatic reaction is from a black pit bull mix that appears to panic at the sight of a person . His ears stand straight up and he cowers in the corner of his cage as his body trembles . "  Understand that these dogs have experienced nothing but life at the end of a chain , " Bershadker explained . "  Even a water bowl is new for them ... they are afraid of everything . " To emphasize his point , a sign that reads "  I 'm FEARFUL , please go slowly " hangs on one dog 's cage . Certified dog trainer Cinder Wilkinson-Kenner moves slowly as she works to gain the trust of an older dog that also has been labeled fearful . She is on her knees in a pen reserved for training and she has the dog on a leash . In a friendly yet calm and quiet voice , Wilkinson-Kenner repeats the phrase "  good girl , good girl " while throwing treats near the animal . After a few minutes she asks the dog , "  Ready to come close ? " and she holds out an open hand with a treat in it . The dog takes the treat and Wilkinson-Kenner gives the dog a break by throwing the next treat away from her to reduce the animal 's anxiety from being so close to a human . The ASPCA is doing all it can to rehabilitate these dogs so they can eventually be given to organizations that will either find them a home as a pet , train them as work dogs , or put them in alternative placements such as a sanctuary . Maybe one day , the dogs , like 917 , can have real names instead of numbers . "  A lot of people have this misperception of fighting dogs being big brutish pit bulls that are killers , " said Ehren Melius , the shelter 's senior manager , who spends all day with the dogs . "  In reality , some of these guys are traumatized from the experience they 've been through from lack of socialization , the torture . " While these dogs may have been saved from a life a torture , the ASPCA estimates there are more than 40,000 dogfighters in the United States who are putting hundreds of thousands of animals through the brutal training to become fighting dogs . "  This may be the second largest dogfighting bust in U.S. history , but it 's a drop in the bucket , " said Bershadker . "  This is going on all over the United States across socioeconomic lines , across racial lines , it is prevalent , it is pervasive , it is deep underground . " CNN 's Gary Tuchman and Dominic Swann contributed to this report .	Last month , authorities broke up the nation 's second largest dogfighting ring More than 370 dogs were transferred to animal welfare groups One of those groups , the ASPCA , is rehabilitating the dogs , both physically and mentally CNN got exclusive access to the ASPCA 's rehab center
CNN  -- Islamic tradition is not often lauded for its influence on couture , but a Turkish fashion label has won a prestigious international art prize awarded to artworks inspired by Islam 's heritage . Dice Kayek , established in 1992 by sisters Ece and Ayse Ege , triumphed over 270 entries from all over the world to claim the Jameel Prize , given biannually by the Victoria and Albert Museum in London . The sisters , who live and work between Istanbul and Paris , were the first fashion designers ever to be nominated for the art prize , which comes with a $ 40,000 award . They beat nine other finalists with their collection , named Istanbul Contrast , which was inspired by the Turkish city 's architectural tradition . "  Every dress is a symbol and interpretation of Istanbul 's diverse architecture . It 's a city of contrast , where east meets west and modernity and tradition coexist " explained Ece Ege . Dice Kayek 's garments tell a story of Istanbul 's rich history by weaving references to intricate Byzantine mosaics and opulent robes of Ottoman rulers , but their creations also have a modern , international edge . They are sold in 35 countries on five continents , and the label is a member of the prestigious Fédération Française de la Couture , alongside names like Chanel and Balenciaga . The brand 's winning collection was created in 2009 , and has already been shown in some of the world 's leading museums such as Le Musée des Arts Décoratifs in Paris , Amsterdam Museum and Istanbul Museum of Modern Arts . Martin Roth , Director of the V&A and chair of the distinguished panel of judges , which included Zaha Hadid and Thomas Heatherwick , lauded the designers ' ability to translate the spirit of Islamic tradition for the modern era : "  We were struck by the way that Dice Kayek 's work uses Islamic inspiration in a completely secular context , taking it into a new world , that of contemporary fashion . " Other shortlisted entries included jewelry , textiles , installations , and calligraphy , created by an eclectic group of artists from diverse backgrounds ranging from Saudi Arabia to France . An exhibition of work by the winner and nine short-listed artists and designers runs at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London until April 21 2014 . Read more : High art meets the high-street at neon-lit Miami Beach Read more : Beauty from the crypt : Mystery of Europe 's jeweled skeletons	Turkish fashion label DIce Kayek has been awarded the Jameel art prize It is the first time a fashion designer has been nominated The prize honors works of art inspired by Islamic tradition
Washington  CNN  -- Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell holds a slim four-point edge over his Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes in a new CNN/ORC International Poll of one of the most closely watched Senate races of 2014 . McConnell 's 4-point advantage , 50 % -46 % , falls within the survey 's 4-point sampling error , furthering emphasizing how close this Kentucky contest remains 62 days before Election Day . The outcome of this election may help decide control of the Senate , influence President Barack Obama 's final two years in office and determine the political fate of Kentucky 's longest-serving senator . Data from the poll offers both hope and challenges for each candidate over the next two months , as outside groups and the individual candidates continue to pour millions of dollars into this race to try to influence Kentuckians on whom to support in November . That sliver of persuadable voters might be as small as 19 % , which is the number of people who said they "  might change their mind . " In contrast , 77 % of those surveyed said they "  made up their mind " about whom they will back in November . What might be a troubling data point for Grimes is the number of Democrats -- 16 % -- who said they are supporting or leaning towards supporting McConnell . "  That 16 % may not sound like much , but it 's more than double the number of crossover votes that Grimes wins from Republicans , " CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said . "  It 's likely that there are some Democrats who think that their state is better off with a Kentuckian running the Senate rather than a Democrat who would rank at the very bottom in seniority . " And that is a main talking point for McConnell on the campaign trail , a senator who speaks about how he delivers for Kentuckians while maintaining conservative sensibilities . He also embraces his role as one of Obama 's biggest critics , which in many ways is low-hanging fruit in a commonwealth that overwhelmingly disapproves of how the commander-in-chief is handling his job . Obama has a 64 % disapproval rating in the poll among all respondents , while only 29 % approve of his stewardship of the country . The president 's high disapproval rating is fueled in part by his policy on coal -- a major employer in parts of Kentucky . In fact , McConnell has a whopping 20 % lead over Grimes in the east and a 28 % lead over her in the west , the two coal-producing regions in the commonwealth . It is no surprise that Grimes has not embraced Obama , and has even chastised him publicly for his position on coal . "  She has made it quite clear where she stands on coal , " said a Democratic strategist who spoke freely about the race on the condition of anonymity . "  And she has a starkly different approach to Kentucky 's coal industry than President Obama and some national Democrats . " What is troubling for McConnell is that despite being one of the most powerful Republicans in the nation , he is locked in a statistical tie with Grimes who holds a 10-point lead over McConnell in the Bluegrass region  anchored by the cities of Lexington and Frankfort  , a 27-point lead over McConnell in the Jefferson County area  anchored by the city of Louisville  , and an 8-point lead over McConnell in the suburbs of Louisville and Cincinnati . The poll indicates a controversy that erupted Friday that forced McConnell 's campaign manager to resign has not had a major impact on this race . Jesse Benton cut ties with the campaign as speculation swirled about his involvement in an unfolding corruption scandal related to then-Rep . Ron Paul 's 2012 bid for president . The bottom line for McConnell is that he is the No. 1 target of national Democrats . A Republican strategist acknowledged as much saying that Democratic leaders have framed this race to their donor base as an opportunity to defeat a major opponent to the Democratic agenda . National Democratic money will continue to flow into Kentucky . Digging deeper into the data , there are no real surprises in terms of which candidate is winning traditional political demographic groups : McConnell has a 13 % lead with men and is seen more favorably by voters who make $ 50,000 or more , while Grimes holds a seven-point lead with women and does better with voters making less than $ 50,000 . Democrats view the Kentucky Senate race twofold : an opportunity to defeat a Republican leader , a major symbolic victory that last occurred in 2004 when then-Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle , a South Dakota Democrat , was defeated by former Rep. John Thune ; and more important for Democrats , the Kentucky race is a key part of the political beachhead needed to protect their vulnerable Senate majority in November . For Republicans to take back control of the Senate floor and the committees that produce legislation and provide oversight of the Obama administration , the party needs a net gain of six seats -- a very doable task given the math and electoral map two months before Election Day , even though Democrats currently hold a 55-45 seat advantage in the chamber . To start , Democrats need to defend 21 seats in November , while the GOP only needs to protect 15 . Take a closer look at the 36 Senate seats on the ballot this year and the news is even more disturbing for Democrats . At least three seats currently held by Democrats -- Montana , South Dakota and West Virginia -- are expected to be won by Republicans on November 4 , according to the most recent CNN analysis of the 2014 midterm election . And of the six seats that CNN designated as "  Up for Grabs , " five are held by Democratic incumbents representing Alaska , Arkansas , Iowa , Louisiana and North Carolina . At this time , Kentucky is the only GOP-held seat that CNN has placed in the "  Up for Grabs " column . So , while there are many competitive Senate races in this election , Kentucky is viewed as the premier contest heading into November . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International , which interviewed 1,037 adult Americans , including 671 likely voters , by telephone between August 28 and September 1 . The sampling error for results for likely voters is + / -4 percentage points . After 30 years in Senate , McConnell runs as ` candidate of change '	Kentucky Senate race could determine balance of power in the Senate It could also decide whether Mitch McConnell will be Senate majority leader McConnell is running as an agent of change after 30 years in the Senate Opponent Alison Lundergan Grimes is a rising star in the Democratic Party
Washington  CNN  -- The father 's first comment , when he heard I was in his city to talk about a book I 'd written about kids , mental health issues and medication , came loudly and fast : "  When my daughter was 10 , my ex-wife and a psychiatrist called to try to get my permission to put her on Prozac . I refused , " he said proudly . "  I was n't going to let them drug my kid . " We spent quite a few hours together . By nighttime , as he drove me back from the last event , his mood was altered , his tone notably more somber . It had been a day of impassioned testimonials from parents of children with mental health issues , and even from one teenager , who called in to a radio show to describe how taking medication for his attention deficit hyperactivity disorder had helped him "  level the playing field " with other kids and made it possible for him to attend college . "  I do n't know if we did the right thing by her , " the dad said at last , thinking of his daughter as he looked out at the dark road ahead . His daughter 's life had never really come together . She had dropped out of college ; her future was unclear . She presented a happy face to her dad , but deep down , he felt , the truth of her life was n't so sunny . "  I do n't know how to read her , " he said . "  I really do n't know what to do . " We all know what the prevailing opinion is these days on children 's mental health in America : Kids with nothing truly wrong with them are being over-diagnosed and overmedicated by doctors , parents and schools , who are colluding to make them better behaved , more high-performing and more tractable to our society 's unnaturally high demands . This opinion used to be mine . It was the basic line of my argument at the beginning of my research , when the only information-gathering I 'd done on the topic consisted of reading and compiling the already-recycled reporting of others . But soon , the facts got in the way . Surveys and statistics showed that the story of over-diagnosis and overmedication was wrong ; 5 percent of children in America take psychotropic medication , while 5 to 20 percent are estimated to have mental health issues . The vast majority of those in need of help never get any care at all . The facts are incontrovertible : Kids ' mental health issues are real , they 're serious , and they often cause profound suffering . And they 're not new . Listening to parents gave me a very concrete answer to the question so many skeptics ask as to where all the kids with "  issues " were a generation ago . We existed , many of the parents of kids who now are getting diagnosed told me . And no one noticed that we were suffering . And , they said , they were n't going to let the same not-noticing , or the same labeling with words like "  lazy " or "  stupid " or "  bad , " happen to their kids today . Interviews with about 100 parents and doctors showed that rather than rushing to pathologize and medicate their kids , parents did all they could to avoid "  labeling " their children and put off using medication -- if they used it at all -- until they really were desperate . What these interviews showed above all is that for parents and children  and grown children  dealing with mental health issues , life is complicated , unsure and filled with unanswered questions that ca n't be addressed by gross generalizations about the "  medicated child " in our time . It 's very hard to get at any of that complexity -- and humanity -- when we typically talk about children 's mental health in the media . Journalism generally does n't lend itself to complicated messages ; we need eye-grabbing headlines and strong voices spouting easy-to-summarize arguments , opinions which , in the strangely evolving media world of today , have come to have far greater currency than fact . In another city , a mother told me that she 'd never attended college . She would have liked to have gone , she said , but she earned almost all Cs in high school , and no one had ever presented it to her as a possibility . "  I do n't think I was dumb , " she said , "  I just could n't keep my mind focused on my work . " At 48 , she wondered , was it too late to find out if she had the inattentive kind of ADHD ? She 'd become a model after high school instead . She 'd married a lawyer ; she lived in the kind of community where former high achievers made a second career of micromanaging their children 's lives . She wanted to be an involved mother , too , but when she spoke at school meetings , the high-power moms made her feel invisible . "  They talk right over me , " she said . "  It 's like I do n't exist . " Her husband was out of work . After so many decades , her own lack of a college degree still burned as a cause of embarrassment , worry and resentment . How could her parents , she mused aloud , not have encouraged her to try to at least try to get into college ? It is very easy to look at a woman like this and say , who cares ? She turned out OK -- more than OK , after all . But her voice was full of pain as she talked about the feelings of inferiority that still haunted her . Had n't she had the right to at least try to live up to her potential ? She was committed to making sure that her daughter would have every possible option . Behind the black-and-white shouting matches that now dominate discussions of children 's mental health in our country , there are stories like these . They are n't necessarily headline-making . But they 're powerful , and true . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Judith Warner .	Judith Warner says common view is modern parents over-medicate kids for mental health But her research showed that most parents avoid meds , are sensitive to kids ' suffering Kids ' mental health issues not new ; now better diagnosed , so seem newly prevalent , she says Warner : Real-life stories reflect parents ' struggling to do right by kids , not just "  normalize " them
Rolling Stone  -- The government of Malawi has accused Madonna of refusing consultation over her plans to build 10 new schools in the impoverished African nation . Malawi 's Ministry of Education spokeswoman Lindiwe Chide told Reuters that the government was "  fed up " with the pop icon , complaining that she did not inform authorities when she scrapped plans for a girls academy due to the alleged mismanagement of funds . "  Now she decides to announce that she plans to build 10 schools without getting authority from us again , " Chide said of the singer 's partnership with the non-profit organization buildOn . "  We now feel like this is all about propping up her global image and not in our interest . " Photos : Madonna Strikes Many Poses "  She has no mandate to decide where she wants to build a school because she does n't know our needs and where we want new schools , " Chide told Reuters . "  She first needed to consult us , get permission from us before doing anything . " Photos : A Look Inside the Kurt Cobain-Decorated Melvins Van "  This is simply not true , " Trevor Neilson , the head of the Global Philanthropy Group , fired back in a statement released by Madonna 's spokesperson . "  The government of Malawi has been fully updated on Madonna 's effort to provide funding for ten schools to be built in communities where there are no schools . " 100 Greatest Artists of All Time : Madonna According to Neilson , Madonna 's Raising Malawi organization had communicated with Malawi 's Minister of Education and that buildOn had discussed the project with local officials and "  cleared all plans for school construction with them . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Malawi 's Ministry of Education : The government is "  fed up " with Madonna She allegedly did not inform authorities when she scrapped plans for a girls academy "  This is simply not true , " Trevor Neilson , the head of the Global Philanthropy Group says
An apparent near miss between two aircraft that was captured on video at Barcelona Airport has prompted an investigation by Spanish aviation authorities . The video shows a Boeing 767 belonging to Russian airline UTair pulling up from its landing approach as an Aerolineas Argentinas Airbus A340 taxis across its path . No one was injured in the incident and the UTair plane was able to circle round and make a safe landing five minutes later . The video , shot on Saturday , had gained nearly two million YouTube hits by Monday . Spain 's airport authority , AENA , said the government 's Committee on Civil Aviation Incidents and Accidents would look into the incident . A Barcelona airport AENA spokeswoman told CNN that the UTair pilot had been cleared to land but exercised his authority to abort . She said the Aerolineas Argentinas flight also had permission to taxi across the runway . She did not comment on the timing of its maneuver . The spokeswoman said there had been no impact danger and the perspective of the video did not show that there was plenty of space between the two aircraft . It was "  not about a collision or a possible collision , " she said , adding that neither airline had submitted a complaint over the incident . CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien said that , according to plans of the airport , the two planes had been about half a mile apart at the time of the incident . "  That said , you see they had to perform a go-around and if you 've ever been in an airliner that has to performed a go-around , it gets your attention , " he said . O'Brien said air crews on the ground should check to see if the flightpath is clear before crossing a runway as part of standard protocols . "  What we can say here is the system did ultimately work -- the last resort that is , but there was a series of mistakes ... that led to this . " Aerolineas Argentinas in Madrid referred calls to its headquarters in Buenos Aires , where CNN 's efforts to reach anyone at the press office , through the switchboard and three direct lines , were unsuccessful after repeated attempts . In a statement , UTair said the pilot of its flight from Moscow to Barcelona had been following the instructions of Barcelona airport dispatchers . "  While lowering on a final approach track the commander found an obstacle on the runway  the aircraft of another airlines was crossing it  , " it said . "  The aircraft commander took prompt decision on the implementation of standard operating procedure -- go-around flight maneuver . "  The maneuver was carried out in the normal mode , the landing was successful , none of the passengers was injured . In this situation , the commander well judged and adequately assessed the situation , showing at the same time composure and professional excellence . "  According to international rules aircraft while performing approach has an absolute priority over all the aircraft located on the ground . " FAA : 2 jetliners get too close for comfort over Houston Near miss at Newark airport spurs runway rules change , FAA says Drone , jetliner nearly collided over Florida	Video shows Boeing 767 of Russian airline UTair pulling up from approach as aircraft crosses its path Barcelona aviation official says aircraft were not in danger but officials confirm investigation under way Aviation analyst Miles O'Brien says air crew on ground should have checked their way was clear
CNN  -- Barcelona battled into the quarterfinals of the Copa Del Rey on Wednesday night as veteran French defender Eric Abidal scored his first goal for the Spanish champions in a 1-1 draw at Athletic Bilbao . Pep Guardiola 's team set up a clash with either La Liga rivals Getafe or second division Real Betis after winning on away goals following the 0-0 draw at the Camp Nou last month . The 31-year-old Abidal , who was brought on as a second-half substitute , netted only the second goal of his career in the 75th minute to leave Bilbao needing two goals to go through . The left-back sidefooted home after Xavi marked his record-breaking 550th appearance for Barcelona with a trademark pass to the feet of the recalled Lionel Messi , who guided the ball into Abidal 's path . Xavi equals record as Pedro double puts Barcelona further ahead The Basques threatened to take the match into extra-time when Spain striker Fernando Llorente continued his fine scoring run with an 85th-minute equalizer , but Barcelona held on . "  When I get a chance like that , I shoot . Now I hope to score more this season , " Abidal told AFP . Defending champions Sevilla cruised into the last eight with an 8-3 aggregate victory over La Liga rivals Malaga , winning 3-0 in the away leg . Ivory Coast midfielder Ndri Romaric scored the opener with a deflected freekick six minutes after halftime , then substitute Diego Perotti made it 2-0 before Malaga defender Weligton was sent off for a second booking and Brazil striker Luis Fabiano netted late with another setpiece . What were the top sporting moments of 2010 ? Sevilla will next play either Villarreal or Valencia , who meet on Thursday following a 0-0 first-leg draw . Top-flight team Deportivo La Coruna needed extra-time before ending the hopes of second division Cordoba as Adrian scored a hat-trick in a 3-1 win . The Spain under-21 international 's treble ultimately gave the Galicians a 4-2 aggregate victory , but he needed to convert a penalty late in regulation time to stop his side crashing out after David Arteaga struck in the 86th minute . Cordoba collapsed after Miguel Angel Tena was sent off in extra-time as Deportivo set up a clash with either Mallorca or Almeria , who lead 4-3 . Real Madrid also play on Thursday , holding an 8-0 advantage over Levante , while last season 's runners-up Atletico Madrid take a 1-0 lead to Espanyol .	Barcelona reach Spanish Cup quarterfinals on away goals after 1-1 draw at Athletic Bilbao Substitute Eric Abidal scores the second goal of his career to put visitors ahead Holders Sevilla go through 8-3 on aggregate after beating Malaga 3-0 Deportivo La Coruna beat second division Cordoba 3-1 in extra-time
Danville , Kentucky  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden and Republican Paul Ryan , the man who wants his job , exchanged fire over taxes , Medicare , national security and some animated facial expressions in their only debate before Election Day . Here are five things we learned from Thursday night : 1 . Biden brought it We expected Ryan , not Biden , to bring a three-ring binder full of facts and figures to the debate . It 's not that the data-driven Ryan did n't show up with an arm full of his statistics ; it is just that Biden did so as well . And Biden 's aggressive offense from the very beginning drowned out Ryan until about 45 minutes into the debate . Biden 's 36 years in the Senate served him well Thursday night . Who says that delivering hundreds of floor speeches on Capitol Hill is n't useful ? The vice president also proved wrong the critics , who predicted he was going to make a gaffe . He did n't . In many ways , Biden stole a page from Mitt Romney 's debate playbook : put your head down , charge forward and do n't stop . Romney effectively employed this strategy last week , and Barack Obama was never able to recover . While Ryan put up a fight last night , he , too , was unable to regain his footing . The many expressions of Joe Biden An Obama-Biden campaign official said before the debate that the vice president 's goal was to try to compare and contrast the two competing campaigns ' vision for the future . Whether you agree or disagree with the specifics of the Obama-Biden or Romney-Ryan plans , Biden did a better job of selling his last night . It will be several days until we know if this debate has helped the Obama-Biden campaign stem the political bleeding . But Biden did what he needed to do . 5 Independent perspectives on the VP debate 2 . Too much Joe ? If Biden was on a mission to bring the fight to Ryan , then it appeared to be mission accomplished for the vice president . Moments into the debate , Biden went on the attack . "  On Iraq , the president said he would end the war . Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake , " said Biden . Minutes later the vice president pushed back against criticism by the Wisconsin congressman , saying "  not a single thing he said is accurate . " Feisty vice presidential debate sets up Obama-Romney rematch And he called other accusations by Ryan "  a bunch of stuff . " Biden went where President Barack Obama would n't last week in his debate with Romney , bringing up Romney 's "  47 % " controversy as well as the Republican nominee 's tax rate . And later , when Ryan discussed President John F. Kennedy 's tax policies , Biden fired back : "  Oh , now you 're Jack Kennedy ? " "  The vice president came and showed fight . He showed his boss what it is to engage and engage and engage and attack and attack and attack , " said CNN Chief National Correspondent John King . "  I think Joe Biden did do his boss a lot of help , " agreed Senior CNN Political Analyst David Gergen , who 's advised both Democratic and Republican presidents . But was Biden too aggressive ? "  I think Joe Biden is an authentic person . He speaks his mind . People know him . They expect that , " Obama senior adviser David Axelrod said . "  I think that authenticity is something that people appreciate . " The Romney campaign disagreed . Poll : Debate watchers split on who won "  The sighing , the eye-rolling , the grinning . I do n't know if the vice president knew that there was a camera on him the whole time , that there was a split screen , " senior Romney campaign adviser Russ Schriefer said . "  Even if we thought he was making good points , I think that they stepped on his good points . He was trying to cram everything in that he could that was n't in the last debate to try and get it all out at once . But I do n't think he made any kind of coherent argument as to why the Obama-Biden ticket should be re-elected . " Gergen agreed : "  On style I think that Paul Ryan won the debate . The Biden dismissive laughs , the interruptions , the sort of shouting , I think that Ryan was calmer and frankly more presidential . " What did debate watchers think ? Seven out of 10 debate watchers in a CNN/ORC International poll said that Biden was the aggressor . Opinion : Hyper Biden , wonky Ryan 3 . Does the debate even matter ? The short answer is no . People do n't vote for vice presidents at the ballot box . They vote for presidents . Past vice presidential debates , no matter how high the drama , have ultimately done little to move the needle in modern elections . Not surprisingly , Biden 's scenery-chewing performance was viewed differently by both campaigns . The Romney campaign said he looked erratic , rude and unhinged . The Obama campaign said he laid out the facts and made Ryan look , in the spin room words of former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland , "  like a lightweight . " But a common refrain from both campaigns after the debate was that it will probably have a minimal effect on the race one way or the other . 25 funniest tweets about the VP debate The biggest impact of the night , and the reason Democrats were ebullient after the debate , was the base-rallying impact of Biden 's aggressive and blustery stage presence . In the wake of Obama 's wilting flower routine in last week 's debate , the full Biden , exasperated and angry with Romney and Ryan , was just what Democrats needed . How happy was team Obama ? Campaign surrogates stayed in the spin room with puffed chests for much longer than they did in Denver , when they offered dubious messaging before escaping . The campaign immediately sent out a fundraising plea . President Obama put himself in front of cameras after landing at Andrews Air Force Base to praise Biden 's performance . And it was n't just the Obama camp . Democratic state parties , liberal interest groups and down-ballot campaigns rushed to send out fundraising e-mails to capitalize on a fired-up base . You did n't see much of the same on the Republican side . The debate launched a fresh news cycle that will put a temporary halt to the "  Chicago in disarray " storylines . Now the pressure is on President Obama to keep that narrative going next week in New York . First two debates could n't be more different 4 . Ryan rises to challenge It was arguably Ryan 's biggest task in the vice presidential debate . As the running mate to the Republican challenger , Ryan needed to convey that he 's fit to serve should something happen to the commander in chief , that he would be acceptable to Americans as president . Known as an expert on economic and budget issues , early in the debate Ryan showed his smarts on foreign policy . During a discussion on troop drawdowns in Afghanistan , he explained how the seasonal changes affect the fighting in Afghanistan . Opinion : Sports bar Biden vs. seminar Ryan "  The mountain passes fill in with snow . The Taliban and the terrorists and the Haqqani and the Quetta Shura come over from Pakistan to fight our men and women . When it fills in with snow , they ca n't do it . That 's what we call fighting seasons . In the warm months , fighting gets really high . In the winter , it goes down , " explained Ryan . "  And so when Adm. Mullen and Gen. Petraeus came to Congress and said , if you pull these people out before the fighting season ends , it puts people more at risk . That 's the problem . " "  I think Ryan proved himself unexpectedly competent on foreign policy , " said Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos , who worked for Romney 's 2008 presidential bid . "  I think Ryan met his test tonight . Ryan looked very reasonable . " As expected , the Obama campaign disagreed . "  I think Congressman Ryan was out of his depth and showed clearly the ticket is not ready for prime time on foreign policy , and I think that was a decisive difference between the two sides , " said Obama campaign manager Jim Messina . So what do debate watchers think ? Did Ryan pass the competency test ? Six out of 10 debate watchers in the CNN/ORC poll conducted said that Ryan is qualified to be president . Who won Thursday 's debate ? Martha Raddatz 5 . Malarkey moves numbers "  Malarkey " is one of Biden 's favorite Biden-isms . He 's been saying it for decades , but not usually with the kind of gusto he showed on Thursday before millions of prime time television viewers . Soon after the debate began , when Ryan criticized the Obama administration 's foreign policy , Biden fired back : "  With all due respect , that 's a bunch of malarkey . " What does malarkey mean ? People apparently rushed to their computers to find out . "  Malarkey , " it turns out , was the third-most-searched debate-related term of the night on Google . It was also trending on Twitter for a good chunk of time . For the record : it 's basically the Irish-American term for "  nonsense . " According to Google , the other top searches during the debate were "  Biden , " "  conflating , " "  Who is winning the debate " and "  How old is Paul Ryan . " Read a transcript of the debate or watch it online	Biden came armed with statistics and bluster VP also proved he had some punch in him , but was it too much ? Just what is malarkey ? America wanted to know Ryan meets challenge of looking like he 's ready for the job
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince Harry is to travel to the United States to be presented with a prestigious award honoring his work with war veterans and serving members of the armed forces . The Prince will visit Washington D.C. on May 7 to receive the Atlantic Council 's award for "  distinguished humanitarian leadership , " St James 's Palace announced Monday . A spokeswoman for the palace told CNN the trip -- Harry 's first to the U.S. since he took part in Apache helicopter training in the deserts of Arizona and California last year -- was likely to be a flying visit , lasting less than 24 hours . As well as attending the prizegiving dinner at the Atlantic Council , Prince Harry is also expected to meet British and American athletes who have taken part in the Warrior Games , a paralympic sports tournament for armed services personnel , in Colorado . And while it is not yet clear if he will attend other events while in the country , there is expected to be a huge level of interest in the Prince 's travel plans . When his brother Prince William visited the States last year with the Duchess of Cambridge , the newlywed couple was met with huge and enthusiastic crowds . Prince Harry is said to be "  honored " by news of the award , which he plans to accept on behalf of his brother and their foundation . St James 's Palace says he will use the event to pay tribute to the work of British and American charities which help to rehabilitate wounded servicemen and women , and to reintegrate veterans into civilian life . The Atlantic Council is a non-partisan U.S.-based think-tank which promotes transatlantic cooperation and international security . Other high-profile guests whose work will be recognized by the council on May 7 are U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon , violin virtuoso Anne-Sophie Mutter , and Unilever CEO Paul Polman . Have you ever met a member of the British royal family ? Share your photos , videos and memories through iReport ahead of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee .	Britain 's Prince Harry to travel to Washington D.C. in May He will be presented with humanitarian award by the Atlantic Council Award recognizes his work with veterans and serving members of the armed forces Prince last traveled to the U.S. for Apache helicopter training in Arizona , California
CNN  -- Florida 's Everglades National Park and rain forests in Madagascar have been added to a list of world heritage sites in danger . The World Heritage Committee of the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization  UNESCO  announced the decision at its 34th annual meeting in Brasilia , Brazil . Degradation of the Everglades has caused its addition to the list this year , with UNESCO reporting that water inflows have reduced up to 60 percent and high pollution levels are currently killing marine life . The Everglades is the largest subtropical wilderness in the United States , with more than 1.5 million acres of estuaries , prairies , and shady stretches of pine . This is the second time the Everglades has been included on the list , the first time was between 1993 and 1997 because of damages caused by Hurricane Andrew . The rain forests of Atsinanana in Madagascar make the list this year after illegal logging and hunting of endangered lemurs on the site . Due to the illegal exporting of logged timber , many rare species found in the rainforest are threatened , especially lemurs found only in Madagascar .	Degradation of the Everglades leads to its addition to the list This is the second time the Everglades has been added to the list Madagascar forests make list after illegal logging and hunting
CNN  -- Injustice has no borders , as we at Oxfam know well from years of experience working in more than 90 countries . We also know that poverty has no political party in our own country , the United States . Last week Oxfam released a new study that dispels many of the political myths surrounding the nation 's minimum wage debate . It shows not only that increasing the federal minimum wage from $ 7.25 to $ 10.10 per hour would give some 25 million workers across America a much-needed raise , but also that , on average , one in five workers in every single congressional district in America -- red or blue -- would benefit from such a raise . In fact , according to our data , a hike in the minimum wage would benefit more than 55,000 workers in the average congressional district . We found that the workers who would gain most are concentrated in districts that are remarkably diverse , from highly condensed urban areas to poor rural areas . At the top of the list is East Los Angeles  31.8 % of workers  , followed by the largely rural south coastal district in Texas ' 34th District  29.9 % of workers  . A district in the San Joaquin Valley of California is next , followed by more districts in Los Angeles and the San Joaquin Valley . Next on the list are districts in Dallas-Fort Worth  28.8 % of workers  , the Ozark Mountains of Arkansas  28.5 % of workers  , El Paso  27.9 % of workers  , the Bronx  27.6 % of workers  , and the boot heel of Missouri  27.3 % of workers  . Raising the minimum wage would equally help Americans who live in Republican and Democratic districts , rural and metropolitan . It would also pump money into the economy and save billions in taxpayer dollars by reducing the number of low-wage workers receiving federal assistance . It seems an obvious thing to do . From 1938 , when a federal minimum wage was established , to its most recent increase in 2007 -- passed by overwhelming majorities in Congress and signed into law by President George W. Bush -- most members of Congress recognized that as the cost of living goes up , so should the minimum wage . So why has the issue become bogged down in partisan politics that do little to serve our people or our future ? We are lucky enough to live in a wealthy democracy , but Oxfam is seeing the same growing problem of inequality in America that we see in developing countries : Relatively few people hold more and more power . In principle , the United States is the land where all people are created equal . But in reality , political power is stacked in favor of the wealthy . Because of this imbalance , millions of hard-working Americans ca n't stop falling behind , working at jobs that pay under $ 10 per hour and rarely offer benefits -- some not even a day of paid sick leave . Our study found that at least one-fourth of Americans work at jobs that pay so little that they can not sustain themselves and their families without turning to government programs or going into debt . The average age of a worker who would benefit from a minimum wage increase is 35 . Most  55 %  are women . Over a third are parents of dependent children . These are people like Tenesha Hueston , a single mother of four in Zebulon , North Carolina , who , according to a New York Times article in November , was making $ 7.75 an hour as a shift manager at a fast-food restaurant . Or Nick Mason , a father of two in Hixson , Tennessee , who made $ 9 an hour as an assistant manager at a pizza chain . They work these jobs year after year , while trying to care for their own children and parents , struggling to pay their bills . For them and people like them , the American Dream is a distant mirage . According to our analysis , raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 would lift more than 5 million Americans out of poverty and help 14 million children see a boost in their family income . Fourteen million women , including 6 million working mothers , would get a raise . Three million single parents would be better able to sustain their families . The sad irony of the standoff in Congress over raising the minimum wage is that petty partisanship gets in the way of a deal that would benefit large numbers of constituents in every congressional district , seemingly a boon to elected representatives of both parties . At least , that has been the logic that led to bipartisan support for increasing the minimum wage 22 times before now . Members of Congress from each party need to be willing to overcome the divide : to be open to the debate , to consider the needs of hard-working constituents and taxpayers , to consider the wide range of benefits -- and ultimately , to give a raise to the people who need it the most .	Oxfam study : Minimum wage hike would help people in every congressional district Raymond Offenheiser says it would benefit 55,000 + workers in average congressional district It would help economy , get people off assistance , he says -- so why the partisan stalling ? Writer : Congress hiked minimum wage 22 times before ; it must now as a boon to America
CNN  -- Liz Lee is not your typical MTV reality show star . As friend Jake Fogelnest puts it , "  While  the "  Jersey Shore " cast  is out fist-pumping , Liz is in her dorm room watching Netflix . " Lee 's show , "  My Life as Liz , " chronicled the self-described nerd 's senior year of high school in Texas during its first season last year . Its second season , centering around Lee 's time in college in New York , premiered February 8 at 11 p.m. ET , with an 89 % increase in viewership from the series premiere , according to MTV . "  The executives at MTV are really smart . The fact that a show like that is on now is amazing and great , " said Fogelnest , who hosted his own show on MTV as a teenager  from his bedroom , no less  , "  Squirt TV , " in the mid-1990s . "  My Life as Liz " is "  the one thing where someone 's not pregnant or drunk ; it 's what real people are like . " The show has quickly amassed a big following on Twitter -- not just the hundreds of thousands who follow Lee and her co-stars , but in Twitter feeds like " @thelizalliance . " More than 1.8 million people have viewed a clip of the most memorable moment from the show on Youtube , in which a nervous Lee stepped in front of a microphone at a talent show and blew everyone away with her singing . Like many MTV reality shows , it 's not without its share of controversy . Its detractors have criticized its level of "  reality . " For the record , Lee told CNN , "  The people , the places , they 're all real . All the people on the show , I actually know them , and we actually have relationships . " MTV also told the Los Angeles Times last year that neither the terms "  reality show " nor "  sitcom " fully captured the show . But "  My Life as Liz " is unique for another criticism that has been leveled against the show 's star : "  My nerd cred is attacked all the time . People think that that was fabricated by MTV . That 's the hardest rumor for me to deal with . " During its first season , one anonymous message board posting , especially , claimed that Lee fell in with her school 's geeky crowd as a way to remain "  cool " after losing favor with the popular students , and even alleged that she did n't know who Luke Skywalker was . "  When people  online  say , ` You 're not a real nerd , ' " said Lee , "  I 'm sitting in my room with shelves overflowing with stacks of comic books . " Benjamin Nugent , author of "  American Nerd , " noted , "  When you have people choosing to be nerds , questions of authenticity can come up . Before , you had no choice to be a nerd . Now that it 's an acceptable option , you can accuse someone of being that way just to be cool . When it was uncool , you never had to worry about authenticity . " As a reflection of the rest of pop culture , something it has captured for nearly 30 years , MTV has embraced geeks in a big way  the sitcom "  The Hard Times of RJ Berger " will start its second season soon , and there 's even a site called "  MTV Geek " now  . In fact , even though MTV means "  Jersey Shore , " "  Teen Mom " or "  The Real World " to most , it has had its moments over the years of standing up for nerds  "  Squirt TV " among them  . "  Liz " something of a sister show to "  The Paper . " The show evolved from what would have been a second season of that show , which had focused on journalism geek Amanda Lorber . It 's also a cousin to "  Made , " MTV 's long-running series where someone , usually someone who is socially awkward , gets coached into improving something in their life , whether it be working up the nerve to ask out their crush or becoming an athlete or a hip hop dancer . The network 's best known example of a nerd -- a fellow nerd girl , no less -- is "  Daria , " the animated spinoff of "  Beavis and Butt-Head , " which started in 1997 and lasted for five seasons . Lee herself sees Daria as an inspiration . "  Daria made it cool to be a smart chick , " said writer Jennifer Vineyard , who worked at MTV for eight years . "  Just the presence of people or characters like Daria help make it cool to be yourself . There 's a tendency for young girls to play dumb . Characters like Daria show you that you do n't have to . " MTV 's dabbling in nerd culture goes back even further , however . Adam Curry was a VJ for the network for seven years as it made its transition away from only playing music videos . Around the time he started in the late 1980s , Toby Radloff was a special correspondent for the network . Those who have seen the movie "  American Splendor , " or read the comic book it was based on , might remember Radloff having adopted the title "  genuine nerd . " "  He was completely real , " said Curry . "  It was just something completely weird and different , that in a way it made so much sense to use him . " Curry , who considers himself a geek -- he registered the MTV.com domain before most people knew what such a thing even meant , then went on to become an early adopter to podcasts -- sees "  My Life as Liz " as similar to other reality shows . "  The objective gives the viewer the illusion that they can be famous . ` Hey , it 's OK to be a nerd , you can be famous . You 're a pregnant teenager ? Hey , you can be famous . ' Nerd culture has exploded because nerds can be successful . " Then there 's the show that introduced "  Beavis and Butt-Head " to the world , "  Liquid Television , " an anthology of experimental animation that aired in the 1990s that appealed to animation buffs . "  MTV has always experimented with alternative forms of programming , " said Curry . "  I believe they were running ` Monty Python ' in  ` Liquid Television 's '  slot . Here 's something different and irreverent , and the rights were cheap . When Mike Judge  Beavis and Butt-Head ' creator  came on the scene , it was pure genius at the time . " MTV recently announced that "  Beavis and Butt-Head " are returning to the network in some form : Can "  Daria " be far behind ? Two other memorable shows that were launched off the success of "  Beavis and Butt-Head " in the 1990s were "  Aeon Flux " and "  The Maxx , " both series with tremendous appeal among hardcore comic book and animation fans . " ` The Maxx ' was one of the best comic book adaptations ever made . All of that kind of stuff has been a great part of MTV 's history , " said Rick Marshall , editor of MTV 's Splash Page , a blog devoted to comic books and comic book adaptations . Marshall has been in charge of the blog nearly from its inception almost 2 1/2 years ago . "  What 's been amazing has been the ability to give comic books and creators the same level of promotion and attention that you do the actors and directors , " he said . In just these last couple of years , Marshall has seen a change in the way comic books have been accepted . "  I can actually have conversations with significantly more people about ` Green Lantern ' and people will actually know what I 'm talking about , " he said . "  I love that I can go on the subway , and people are reading ` The Walking Dead . ' " Marshall said that the success of Splash Page shows that "  this audience is actually important , " and he sees MTV having recognized that as well with "  My Life as Liz . " "  MTV was  able to take fan culture and market a show specifically to it , " said Nugent . "  If you tap into the market of people at fan conventions , they 're really loyal to an entertainment product when you market it to them . " Nugent also pointed out , "  Because it 's now being put on MTV , teenagers are seeing it as more acceptable . I 'm surprised how many kids come up to me and introduce themselves as geeks . "	MTV 's "  My Life as Liz , " about a self-described nerd , has taken off on Twitter Unique to this MTV show is controversy on Liz Lee 's "  nerd cred " MTV 's popular series "  Daria , " which started in 1997 , is an inspiration for Lee MTV 's embrace of nerd culture reflects culture as a whole
CNN  -- Is it the end of an era for a side recognized as one of the best in football history ? Just four players made the squads for all three of Barcelona 's Champions League successes of 2006 , 2009 and 2011 -- and now the first is set to leave in the shape of club captain Carles Puyol . On Tuesday , the all-action defender -- who turns 36 next month -- announced that he will sever ties at the end of the current season . This leaves midfielders Xavi , Andres Iniesta and goalkeeper Victor Valdes -- the only one of the quartet to play every minute of all three finals -- as the last bastions of those era-defining teams . "  After two very serious operations , I 'm finding it very hard to get back to the level I need to be at to stay here , " he told a news conference at Barca 's training ground . "  Much more than I thought and much more than the surgeons told me . That 's why I have made this decision . " Puyol 's contract had been set to expire in 2016 but it will now terminate two years early because of the persistent knee trouble the veteran has experienced in recent years . Having spent seven months out of the game before returning last October , the defender has managed just five league games this season . Puyol , who captained Barca to victory in the 2006 and 2009 Champions League finals , has made 593 appearances for Barcelona , more than any outfield player save for Xavi 's 709 . Xavi , who skippered the side in the 2011 after Puyol was forced to start the game on the bench because of injury , celebrated his 34th birthday in January , although time would be appear to be on the sides of Valdes , 32 , and Iniesta , 29 . Iniesta , Xavi , Lionel Messi and Ronaldinho may have lit up Barcelona 's play with their sumptuous skills but it 's questionable whether they embodied the Barca side during their years of dominance quite like Puyol . Defying his poodle-style haircut , the defender 's displays were typified by his ` thou-shalt-not-pass ' spirit as he made up for his relatively short stature for a center back  standing 5ft 10 inches  with unbridled commitment . Having made his debut against Valladolid in October 1999 under coach Louis van Gaal , Puyol spent the first five seasons of his Barca career without winning any silverware . So what does it say about the versatile defender , who moved to the center after starting out on the right , that this all changed in the very season he was appointed club captain ? On May 14 2005 , Barcelona drew 1-1 at Levante to win La Liga for the first time since 1999 -- sparking an avalanche of trophies . Five more league titles would follow in addition to two Spanish Cups , two UEFA Super Cups , two FIFA Club World Cups and the Champions League titles . Success also followed at international level where Puyol became part of an historic Spain side that ended a 44-year wait for a major trophy when clinching the 2008 European Championship , before then lifting the World Cup for the first time in 2010 -- with Puyol 's header having knocked out a dangerous Germany in the semifinals . As he addressed the media on Tuesday , with another club legend -- Gerard Pique -- a notable attendee , Puyol explained that he will attempt to finish his Barcelona career with the attitude that has been his hallmark . "  There are three months of the season left and anyone that knows me will know that I wo n't give up and I 'll keep fighting to the end to try to improve and help the team to achieve its objectives this season , " he was quoted as saying by Barcelona 's own website . "  I do n't know what I 'll do after June 30 , but what I am sure of is that when the season ends I 'm going to need to get some rest . I have n't stopped for four years because of injuries . After that , we 'll see what happens . " Puyol joined Barcelona 's youth team in 1995 and has never played for any other club . His onfield successes aside , the Spaniard will also be remembered for his gracious gesture during the 2011 Champions League final at Wembley . Despite appearing as a late substitute in the 3-1 win over Manchester United , the club captain passed up the opportunity to lift the trophy and instead handed the honor to Eric Abidal , who had had surgery to remove a liver tumor just two months earlier . That may well be among the many questions thrown his way at the end of the season , when Puyol says he will be delighted to reflect on his two decades at one of football 's most distinguished clubs . "  I 'd like to give a press conference at the end of the season and say farewell to all the people that have accompanied me though these 19 years , " he said . "  Whoever wants to , whoever can -- presidents , directors , coaches , teammates , people from the club , reporters , friends , relatives -- that day I 'll answer whatever questions they want . "  Thank you very much and see you soon ! "	Club captain Puyol to leave Barcelona at end of the season 35-year-old joined Barca 's youth team in 1995 Defender does not indicate whether he will play elsewhere Blames chronic knee injuries for his early departure from club
CNN  -- The United Nations is urging countries to invest in green jobs working with "  sustainable forest management " to address the growing problem of unemployment worldwide . A deforested area appears in a rain forest in Brazil 's Para state in October . At least 10 million such jobs could be created , the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization will say in a report to be released this week . The report does not mention any countries but is aimed at "  mainly regions with substantial rural unemployment and degraded land areas , " said C.T.S. Nair , chief economist in the U.N. Forestry Department and one of the authors of the report . While all countries could benefit from investing in these green jobs , Nair said , Asia and Africa -- and to some extent Latin America -- could benefit the most . India , China and almost all countries in Africa stand to benefit , he added . The United Nations said it already is seeing indications that some countries -- such as the United States , India and South Korea -- are interested and taking action to invest in sustainable forest management by making it part of their economic stimulus plans . Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests by managing them and making sure their use does not interfere with natural benefits or the local environment . For example , in forests where wood is being removed , the United Nations is suggesting that people be hired to monitor and manage how much wood is taken out to ensure the forest does not become depleted and can grow back fully . Managers also would make sure the wood harvest would n't affect biodiversity and the water supply . The report will be discussed and analyzed next week at the U.N. Committee on Forestry meeting in Rome , Italy . The Food and Agriculture Organization has designated next week as World Forest Week .	U.N. says countries should invest in green jobs for "  sustainable forest management " Sustainable forestry aims to prevent depletion of forests Asia and Africa could benefit the most from such jobs , report co-author says Report will be discussed next week at meeting in Italy
CNN  -- A surprise inspection by the Centers for Disease Control has resulted in a failing grade for one of the plushest cruise ships afloat . According to a report by the CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program , the cruise ship Silver Shadow was cited repeatedly for using an "  organized effort " to remove 15 trolleys of food from the ship 's galley to individual crew cabins to "  avoid inspection . " The snap inspection of the Silver Shadow on June 17 in Skagway , Alaska , was conducted after an anonymous crew member sent still photographs to the CDC showing meat in crew cabin sinks and trays of food in the corridors in the hallways outside those cabins . It resulted in a failing grade of 82 for the Silver Shadow . Any grade less than 84 is considered "  less than satisfactory , " according to the VSP website . In its advertisements Silversea Cruises , the cruise line that owns the Silver Shadow , emphasizes luxury and what it calls a "  world class " culinary experience . The company said its ships have an average passenger load of a little more than 300 compared to some cruise lines with ships that carry anywhere from 2,000 to 5,000 passengers . The company said it charges passengers an average of $ 5,000 per week to sail . One crew member who was on board the Silver Shadow said that his superiors ordered him and other crew members to sleep with food inside their cabins . Adriano Colonna , who had a 40-day contract to serve as a pastry chef on the vessel , said a trolley full of salami and even unrefrigerated blue cheese was stored in crew cabins . Colonna said food was hidden night after night to avoid health inspections . Passengers lack public info on cruise ship crime A spokeswoman for the Fort Lauderdale-based Silversea Cruises , Ltd. e-mailed CNN prior to the public posting of the CDC score , stating that the firm was "  deeply disappointed " in the outcome of the inspection . In fact , Gina Finocchiaro said the final grade was an 84 , although it actually turned out to be 82 . The company said it had always scored in the highest range of grades in the past . Records published by the CDC showed that Silversea ships had been graded in the high 90s and even 100 on occasion . Finocchiaro said the Silver Shadow inspection last month in Alaska was an anomaly . Neither she nor anyone else at the company responded to questions from CNN asking whether any employees were disciplined . Jim Walker -- a Miami-based lawyer who specializes in filing lawsuits against cruise lines for injury and wrongful termination -- said that , in his experience , it 's common for cruise ships to hide food from government inspectors . "  There is typically a scramble that takes place , " he said . "  That 's what we learn from crew members . " Walker , who wrote about the Silver Star incident on his website cruiselaw.com , said he believes managers on board the ship "  were essentially caught playing a game . " "  The CDC was alerted by crew members who were concerned about the hygiene on the ship and they went in and verified their complaints , " he said . According to the CDC final report , its inspectors poured chlorine liquid over the discarded food on board the Silver Shadow to prevent any of it from being re-used . Other than a promise to correct actions that led to the problems , the owners of the ship were not fined , nor was the ship stopped from proceeding on its scheduled trip along Alaska 's Inland Passage to Juneau . That 's because the CDC has no authority to correct any of the issues . The CDC 's Vessel Sanitation Program employs inspectors from the U.S. Public Health Service and , even though it 's a considered a regulatory program , it only has the authority to ask the cruise line to correct its actions . "  VSP requires all ships to submit corrective action statements for deficiencies , " the program states on its website . "  VSP does not verify that the deficiencies have been corrected until after conducting the next vessel inspection or re-inspection . " In a cruise ship crisis , what should happen ? This year , six cruise ships , including the Silver Shadow , have received failing grades by the CDC , according to its database . That 's three times more than the number of cruise ships that failed inspections in 2012 . CDC spokeswoman Bernadette Burden noted that "  every case is different , " and each case goes through several reviews before scores are finally posted . The cruise industry has been in the spotlight after a series of disasters that have captured headlines . The Costa Concordia hit a reef off the coast of Italy in January 2012 , killing 32 people . Then there was February 's Carnival Triumph cruise , which experienced an engine fire in the control room that led to a loss of electrical power for five days . In May , Royal Caribbean 's Grandeur of the Seas caught fire , forcing the ship to cut short the trip . Nevertheless , a recent survey by J.D. Power and Associates found overall customer satisfaction with eight major cruise lines remains high . Disney Cruise Line , Royal Caribbean International and Holland America Line came in first , second and third , respectively , in customer satisfaction , while Carnival ranked last . Silversea Cruises was not included in the survey , which survey measured seven factors that affect a customer 's experience : service , state of the room , food , the efficiency of boarding and departing on the ship , entertainment , cost and excursions . 5 things we 've learned about cruising Got a story idea or tip for CNN 's investigations team ? Go to cnn.com/investigate or click here to submit . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Silver Shadow scored "  less than satisfactory " 82 during surprise inspection Pastry chef said trolleys of food were stored in crew cabins to avoid inspection CDC inspectors poured chlorine over discarded food to keep it from being re-used Ship owners were not fined ; CDC has no authority to correct any of the issues
CNN  Admit it , you 've been secretly itching for a new cause since last year 's Ice Bucket Challenge for ALS left your teeth chattering and raised $ 115 million . This one 's goofier and tastier , and wo n't leave you needing a change of clothes . It 's the #TwizzlerChallenge . So what 's this challenge all about ? Think of the spaghetti scene from "  Lady and the Tramp , " except substitute a Twizzler for the noodle . Chomp and chomp and chomp until your lips meet in the middle , then smooch . Simple enough . You 're supposed to do a video , of course , and challenge others to do the same for a good cause . The ball got rolling almost two weeks ago on Comedy Central 's "  Night of Too Many Stars , " a fundraiser for autism programs . A tweet from sportscaster Fred Katz challenged the "  Today " show 's Willie Geist and Uzo Aduba , who plays Suzanne "  Crazy Eyes " Warren on "  Orange Is the New Black , " to share a "  Lady and the Tramp " licorice . It took off from there . Next thing you knew , Geist was repeating the stunt with Meredith Vieira and the #TwizzlerChallenge was on . Geist and Vieira challenged Matt Lauer and Kathy Lee Gifford . They were good sports about it , but you may want to close your eyes here . This is n't for the faint of heart . The challenge is starting to invade social media . Just search the hashtag #TwizzlerChallenge . It sounds like a sweet deal for the folks at Twizzlers . Their candy is on the lips of America . And to their credit , a couple of Twizzlers executives took the challenge and donated $ 10,000 . The money goes to New York Collaborates for Autism . The group funds and creates schools , programs and services for people with autism nationwide . Since 2006 , "  Night of Too Many Stars " has raised over $ 22 million . If this challenge is even half as successful as the Ice Bucket Challenge , that number will triple . See you at the candy counter .	The #TwizzlerChallenge is inspired by "  Lady and the Tramp " Last year 's Ice Bucket Challenge raised $ 115 million
CNN  -- For once in Hollywood , aging is seen as a majestic , magical thing . With the new movie "  Boyhood , " writer/director Richard Linklater has created something wholly unusual : he took 12 years to film and finish the project , and its central conceit is watching a young boy , Mason , go from child to young man as his older sister and parents have their own maturation , too . Yet rather than tell the usual "  first " stories , Linklater zeroes in on those moments in-between the typical life milestones , creating something that resonates as emotionally and visually authentic . Critics have fallen in love with the new release , which earned a 100 % score on Rotten Tomatoes . "  Boyhood " will roll out slowly in select cities across the United States starting July 11 . Star Ethan Hawke , who plays the dad in "  Boyhood 's " story , says it 's truly unlike anything he 's ever done -- and unlike anything you 've ever seen . "  Everything is kind of in the spirit of something else , " Hawke told CNN , listing some of his biggest hits . " ` Dead Poets Society ' is like ` Goodbye Mr. Chips , ' ... ` Training Day ' is like ` The French Connection , ' ` Gattaca ' is like ` Alphaville . ' " But "  Boyhood " ? "  This is n't like anything , " Hawke said . The 43-year-old actor plays the father of Mason , who 's portrayed over the 12-year span by Ellar Coltrane . Patricia Arquette plays Mason 's mom , and Linklater 's daughter , Lorelei , plays Mason 's older sister . "  I was trying to tell a story about growing up , and I could n't really pick a moment ... all my ideas were spread over the years , " Linklater told CNN . "  I 'd kind of given up ,  and  that 's when this epiphany hit me : ` Oh , I could film a little bit  each year  , that could work . ' " That is a long commitment , both for the actors and the filmmaker , but on the other hand , it 's also a snapshot of the past 12 years of their lives , captured in the frames of a single film . For Arquette , that was one of the big draws . "  That 's part of what I was excited about with the whole premise , " she said . "  M  e and Ethan would be getting older , and in Hollywood there is such a pressure to not age and you 're supposed to look a certain way , and it 's a false pretense . I wanted to really ignore all of that . " Watching the movie back is a bit surreal , Hawke added . "  It 's a very strange thing -- the kids grow up and we age , " he said . "  We are watching them bloom as we are watching us wilt , you know ? It 's powerful . " To create that effect , Arquette , Hawke and the rest of the cast had to put full trust in Linklater , since there was n't a completed script . When Linklater pulled his cast together , there was no way of knowing what the future would hold for his characters . While most coming-of-age stories are set in a specific period and have a script that can detail that story from the outset of production , Linklater 's had to leave an "  openness " to it , Arquette said . "  Maybe in 12 years we 'd have a war and kids would be having to enlist and his friends would be dying , " she continued . "  We did n't know what was going to be happening -- he could be a football player , and go in that direction . " It sounds like an incredible gamble of money and time , especially without the certainty that Coltrane , who was just 6 when the film began production , would even be the right casting choice by the time they reached the story 's end . "  I realize 12 years later why it had n't been done before , " Linklater joked . "  It 's a wildly impractical , rather insane idea . " But that 's how "  Boyhood , " as fictional as it is , is also an eerie reflection of real life . "  You ca n't say exactly where you are going to be 12 years from now , you hope to be somewhere , if you 're not unlucky , " Linklater said . "  You just have to believe in the future , that we 'll be able to deal with the reality . " CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Richard Linklater 's "  Boyhood " was filmed over 12 years The actors embraced aging on camera The script had to have an "  openness " to allow for future changes In that way , "  Boyhood " is reflective of life
CNN  -- Oprah Winfrey did n't pussyfoot around . She got Lance Armstrong to confess in the first minute . It was a curiously unemotional moment , the prosecutor leading the witness through what seemed like well-rehearsed paces in a businesslike fashion . Armstrong said he was sorry for all the years of lying , but he sounded like he was reading a shopping list . He may have been wearing a lavender shirt that complemented Oprah 's violet dress , but the disgraced cycling champion was anything but colorful . On her cable channel Thursday night , Winfrey wisely began with a series of yes-or-no questions that brought a decade of deception to an end . Did Armstrong take banned substances ? Yes . EPO ? Yes . Blood transfusions ? Yes . In winning all seven Tour de France titles ? Yes . If you changed the channel then , you did n't miss much . Watch : Why the media fell for the Manti Te'o girlfriend hoax It was the most eagerly anticipated interview since Monica Lewinsky sat down with Barbara Walters  except there was no sex , lies and audiotape , just lies  . But the event had an anticlimactic feel . First came the leak  to the New York Times  that Armstrong was considering coming clean . Then came the leak  to USA Today  that he planned to confess to Oprah . Then came the leak  to the AP  that he had in fact told Oprah he 'd been a doper . So all that remained to be seen were what words Armstrong would use and what demeanor he would display . Watch : Joe Scarborough apologizes to Mika Brzezinski  finally He just did n't seem contrite . "  You brazenly and deliberately denied everything you 've just admitted to me , " Winfrey said . No dispute . "  You called other people liars . " True . Armstrong did n't so much engage in the interview as endure it . He admitted he could not have won those Tour de France titles without doping . He said he did n't think he 'd get caught . But he never quite explained the audacious , elaborate and endless lying . "  The story was so perfect for so long , " Armstrong said . That 's right , perfectly untrue . When Winfrey forced him to watch a videotaped deposition in which he lied about doping , Armstrong appeared halting and detached . He later said he was embarrassed but did n't appear so . She could not get the man to open up . Watch : Tina Fey 's Twitter Tirade : Will it come back to haunt her ? Armstrong said he did n't feel he was cheating at the time ; he was leveling the playing field . It was as though he was talking about someone else . Even when Armstrong acknowledged having been a bully , there was no flicker of soul-searching . Maybe he does n't have a soul to search . The sit-down , part two of which airs Friday night , was a test for both of them . Armstrong 's task was to generate enough public sympathy to allow him to salvage a once-glittering career that he single-handedly ruined . He utterly failed . Winfrey 's challenge was to reclaim a bit of the cultural spotlight that she once owned before abandoning her syndicated stardom for the cable netherworld . She clearly succeeded . You 've got to say this . Everyone wanted the Armstrong interview . He could have gone to "  60 Minutes " or the "  Today " show or "  Katie . " But Oprah landed him . She is still seen as having the requisite mix of toughness and empathy to be able to deal with stars who have misbehaved , though Armstrong 's misconduct is on a different level than your stereotypical celebrity in rehab . Watch : Is the press demanding that Obama party more ? David Zurawik , the Baltimore Sun television critic , argues that the landscape has changed . By the time Winfrey gave up her show , he says , "  the media had fragmented on one front , making it harder for TV to serve as pop culture 's big revival tent for the ritual of confession , forgiveness and rebirth . " Maybe he 's right . I do n't forgive Lance Armstrong , who lied to me in two interviews . And I suspect most of America wo n't , either . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Lance Armstrong admitted using performance enhancing drugs in interview Howard Kurtz says the cyclist failed key test of appealing for public 's sympathy He did n't seem contrite , did n't show any sign of soul-searching over cheating Kurtz : Oprah showed her ability to land a big interview and to reclaim stardom
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of the northeastern Nigerian town of Damasak this past weekend , according to local officials and a resident . The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation . A provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess the level of destruction in towns that had been in the deadly grip of Boko Haram . "  We found hundreds of dead bodies in shallow graves and on the streets of Damasak during our visit , " Damasak local government spokesman Babagana Mustapha told CNN on Monday . "  Those bodies in shallow graves have badly decomposed while those found on the streets were desiccated from -LSB- exposure to -RSB- dry winds , " Mustapha added . The victims included men , women and children murdered by Boko Haram when they seized the area in November , said Abubakar Kyari , a senator-elect for the region . "  The staggering number of dead bodies found in Damasak is a testimony of the large-scale atrocity Boko Haram committed when they were in control of the town " Kyari added . Mustapha said the bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves . Although Mustapha did not give a precise number of corpses recovered , Damasak residents who participated in the exhumations put the figure at more than 400 . " We collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves during our visit in Damasak , " said Idris Karimbe , one of the volunteers who took part in the burial . "  The number of bodies we recovered this time around far exceeded the ones found last month , " said another resident , Musa Bremah . Bremah was referring to the discovery of around 90 bodies in a shallow grave outside Damasak last month after its recapture . A regional military coalition involving troops from Nigeria , Niger , Chad and Cameroon has in recent months recaptured swathes of Nigerien territory seized by Boko Haram . The joint military operation is part of an ongoing collaborative effort at crushing the Islamist group that has widened its deadly attacks to Niger , Chad and Cameroon .	The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group Volunteer from burial : " We collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves "
Santiago , Chile  CNN  -- Chile 's Chaiten volcano has been placed under red alert due to an increase in seismic activity for three weeks , the Chilean government said . The volcano in southern Chile became active in May 2008 after being dormant for more than 9,000 years . Volcanic activity was on the decline in the past few months until picking back up January 21 , the Chilean Interior Ministry said in a news release Monday . The red alert , which indicates activity is above normal levels and an eruption could be imminent , was enacted in large part to protect tourists in the area , said Carmen Fernandez , director of Chile 's National Emergency Office . Underground seismic rumblings 1.2 to 5 miles  2 to 8 kilometers  deep in the area around the volcano and constant gas eruptions in the dome indicate "  a high grade of instability , " the National Emergency Office said . CNN Chile 's Katherine Miranda contributed to this report .	Red alert enacted to protect tourists near Chile 's Chaiten volcano , official says Volcano became active in May 2008 after being dormant for more than 9,000 years Red alert indicates activity above normal levels , eruption is imminent
CNN  -- Congress is attempting to eviscerate women 's health care . Like many women across America , I am outraged . Tomorrow , the Senate will vote on legislation proposed by Sen. Roy Blunt that would allow employers to deny coverage for health care services that are considered morally objectionable . On February 16 , Republicans in the House of Representatives held a hearing designed to undermine President Barack Obama 's decision to guarantee women free access to contraception health care regardless of their workplace . Fair enough . We all have the right to disagree and fight for our beliefs . But by definition , a hearing is an inquiry into many sides of an issue with testimony from various points of views . But mark this : The Republicans did not have a single woman to testify in support of the contraception mandate . That is not a hearing ; that is a sham . Mitt Romney , a front-runner in the Republican primaries , has expressed support for life at conception legislation that could outlaw common forms of contraception , which would adversely affect many women . Romney has also vowed to end family planning funding that America 's most financially disadvantaged women rely on for cancer screening , contraception and other basic reproductive health care needs . Voters , including Catholics , overwhelmingly support health care coverage for contraception . The truth is women use contraception not only as a way to prevent unintended pregnancies , but also to improve their health and the health of their families . Increased access to contraception is directly linked to declines in maternal and infant mortality . It can also protect women against debilitating symptoms of endometriosis and reduce the risk of ovarian cancer . But contraception is n't just a basic health care issue for women , it 's also an economic issue . Today , many women pay $ 15 to $ 50 a month for contraception , even with insurance . That 's as much as $ 600 a year , money that many American families are struggling to find . In a recent interview on MSNBC , Foster Friess , a prominent supporter of Republican presidential hopeful Rick Santorum , said , "  On this contraceptive thing , my gosh . ... You know , back in my days , they used Bayer aspirin for contraceptives . The gals put it between their knees and it was n't that costly . " Does this man have no wife , daughter or sister ? I pray that his comment , which might conceivably be pawned off as a joke if it were not so dangerous , does not represent the perspective of the people in government who have the power to determine women 's health choices . But judging by some of the proposed legislation floating around , Friess is hardly alone in his view . I respectfully ask members of Congress to not be blinded by the desires of a small but vocal anti-contraception community that could put the physical and financial health of millions of American women and families on the line . Thankfully , President Obama has stood firmly behind women 's health care issues by supporting coverage for contraception and reaffirming commitment to organizations like Planned Parenthood . Anyone seeking office would be wise to take heed that women are watching and we will not tolerate political rhetoric that threatens our health , safety and well-being . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Felicity Huffman .	Felicity Huffman : Congress is trying to eviscerate women 's health care Poll : Voters , including Catholics , support free access to contraception coverage Huffman : Contraception is n't just a basic health care issue ; it 's also an economic issue She says politicians should be mindful that women will not tolerate threats to their health
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- Could the leader of a democracy reverse his nation 's slide toward the ever more permissive use of firearms and mandate stringent new gun control laws in less than a fortnight ? Well , yes . One of America 's loyal allies did just that -- and with massive voter support . In a popular tourist spot at Port Arthur , Tasmania , in April 1996 , a lone gunman killed 20 innocents with his first 29 bullets , all in the space of 90 seconds . This "  pathetic social misfit , " to quote the judge in the case , was empowered to achieve his final toll of 35 people dead and 18 seriously wounded by firing semi-automatic rifles originally advertised by the gun trade as "  assault weapons . " Now we discover that a similar military-style rifle enabled the Connecticut killer to add his name to the global list of gun horrors . In his initial press briefing on the Connecticut mass shooting , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said "  today is not the day " to talk about gun control . In 1996 , Australians reacted with the opposite mass-majority voice , insisting : "  Now IS the time . " Polls : Your thoughts on gun control Australia 's newly-elected prime minister at the time was John Howard . The country 's most conservative leader in decades , openly proud of his pal status with George W. Bush , Prime Minister Howard led the then U.S. president to refer to his nation as America 's "  sheriff " in South East Asia . Just like President Obama , Howard was seen to weep and to offer the nation 's prayers in the wake of another gun massacre . But only 12 days after the shootings , in Howard 's first major act of leadership and by far the most popular in his first year as prime minister , his government announced nationwide gun law reform . Read more : Obama on assault weapons ban Attitudes to firearms and the regulations governing them had changed almost overnight . After a decade of gun massacres which saw 100 people shot dead and 38 wounded , Australians had overwhelmingly had enough of anyone with a grudge gaining easy , mostly legal access to weapons designed expressly to kill a lot of people in a very short time . New legislation agreed to by all states and territories specifically addressed mass shootings : Rapid-fire rifles and shotguns were banned , gun owner licensing was tightened and remaining firearms were registered to uniform national standards . In two nationwide , federally funded gun buybacks , plus large-scale voluntary surrenders and state gun amnesties both before and after Port Arthur , Australia collected and destroyed more than a million firearms , perhaps one-third of the national stock . No other nation had attempted anything on this scale . It was n't without cost to John Howard . Self-interest groups among his conservative base raised hell , and at one rural meeting in a country town , he became the first Australian prime minister to be photographed wearing a bullet-proof jacket . But with statements like : "  We do not want the American disease imported into Australia ... Guns have become a blight on American society , " Howard knew he was speaking for most Australians . Polling at the time measured public approval of his government 's new gun laws at 90 to 95 per cent . In the years after the Port Arthur massacre , the risk of dying by gunshot in Australia fell by more than 50 % -- and stayed there . In the 16 years since the announcement of legislation specifically designed to reduce gun massacres , Australia has seen no mass shootings . Gun deaths which attract smaller headlines are 80 times more common , yet the national rate of gun homicide remains 30 times lower than that of the United States . Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America To claim cause and effect would be to stretch all this too far . Mass shootings are such rare events as to defy prediction , gun death rates were already falling , and John Howard 's gun laws no more prevent every shooting than our traffic laws eliminate the road toll . The best we can say is that the results are encouraging , and suggest a way forward . Beliefs and fears aside , death and injury by gunshot could be as amenable to public health intervention as road toll , drunken driving , tobacco-related disease and the spread of HIV/AIDS . The obstructions to gun control are nothing new to public health . An industry and its self-interest groups focused on denial , the propagation of fear , and quasi-religious objections -- we 've seen it all before . Barack Obama , at the center of a maelstrom of clashing convictions few foreigners can comprehend , deserves our sympathy . But the future is there to see . With gun violence , as with HIV/AIDS , waste-of-time notions like evil , sin , blame and retribution could in time be sluiced away to allow proven public health procedures . Given the opportunity and the effort , gun injury prevention might save lives as effectively as restricting access to explosives , and mandating child-safe lids on poison bottles . Opinion : Put reason back in America 's gun debate The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philip Alpers .	In Australia , one massacre turned the tide in favor of gun control Just 12 days after the shootings nationwide gun law reform announced Alpers : Risk of dying by gunshot in Australia fell by more than 50 % -- and stayed there
What if Facebook spent $ 19 billion on something and most people never noticed ? The social media giant dropped that mind-boggling amount Wednesday on WhatsApp , paying 19 times more than it did for Instagram  or the gross national product of some small countries , if you prefer  for a texting app that most folks in the United States had never even heard of . So what will this mean for the average Facebook user , or fans of WhatsApp , which lets users send unlimited messages for no more than 99 cents a year ? In the hours after the deal became public , the prevailing opinion appeared to be , "  Not much . " "  WhatsApp will continue to operate independently within Facebook , " CEO Mark Zuckerberg wrote Wednesday . "  The product roadmap will remain unchanged and the team is going to stay in Mountain View , " the suburban California city where it 's based . Zuckerberg also said that Messenger , Facebook 's chat app , and WhatsApp will remain separate . So what 's the deal ? Well , first , Facebook has demonstrated a willingness to scoop up successful mobile apps  a space where it 's weak compared to rivals Google and Apple , with their own operating systems and stores  then largely leave them alone . Witness Instagram , which Facebook bought in 2012 for $ 1 billion . Active users were wary of the buyout , with some threatening to leave . Since then , the photo app 's number of active users has more than doubled , even with the carefully crafted introduction of ads , which some people feared would junk up Instagram 's user experience . WhatsApp has 450 million active users worldwide and is reportedly adding millions more each month on a path Zuckerberg and others believe will soon have it hitting the 1 billion mark . And that 's probably where Facebook is really looking . While it may be lightly regarded in the U.S. , where unlimited texting plans are the norm , WhatsApp has taken off in emerging markets like India , where traditional text-messaging can get expensive . WhatsApp is free to download and costs a mere 99 cents per year after the first year . "  T  here 's no other homegrown technology company that 's so widely loved overseas and so under appreciated at home , " wrote Jim Goetz of Sequoia Capital , the primary investor in WhatsApp . With growth beginning to plateau in the United States , Facebook obviously is looking to places like India to keep growing . Zuckerberg also believes WhatsApp will help with the company 's internet.org initiative -- an effort to provide Web access to the two-thirds of the world 's population that does n't yet have it . "  Our mission is to make the world more open and connected , " he wrote . "  We do this by building services that help people share any type of content with any group of people they want . WhatsApp will help us do this by continuing to develop a service that people around the world love to use every day . " Bringing in WhatsApp also creates a whole new brain trust for Facebook as it develops future mobile products . For a while , Facebook struggled with how to make money in the emerging mobile landscape . Investors have increasingly warmed to its stock as the company has shown more and more comfort in the mobile space , where an ever increasing number of users access its products . So , if all signs point to Facebook remaining Facebook and WhatsApp remaining WhatsApp , there 's not much for users to be concerned about , right ? Well . Have you ever been on the Internet ? The move was met with predictable skepticism , much like the 2012 Instagram buyout and , really , almost any time a beloved tech startup gets gobbled up by one of the industry 's big-money behemoths . "  Facebook is like an evil parent that keeps finding the new hiding place for your diary , " Twitter user Shannon Self wrote , referring to the site 's habit of buying out emerging communication tools . "  Facebook bought #Whatsapp ... Please be checking the security settings now ... too many scandals are about to break out . Damn ! " added Hemanth Kumar , a journalist from India 's Hyderabad Times . Joked Rob Forbes , a DJ with South African radio station 5FM : "  Waking up to the news that Mark Zuckerburg now owns all your nudes . Again . "	Facebook 's major purchase might not change much for users The company shelled out $ 19 billion for texting tool WhatsApp Mark Zuckerberg says WhatsApp will operate independently Move looks to help Facebook abroad , where WhatsApp is strong
CNN Student News  -- On November 11 , Americans pay tribute to everyone who has served in the U.S. military . But why was this particular date chosen , and how does this holiday differ from Memorial Day ? Origins of Veterans Day World War I , also known as "  The Great War , " was fought from 1914 to 1918 . During this conflict , Great Britain , France , Russia , Belgium , Italy , Japan , the United States and other countries , which formed the "  Allies , " defeated the so-called "  Central Powers , " which included Germany , Austria-Hungary , Turkey  then the Ottoman Empire  and Bulgaria . On the "  eleventh hour , of the eleventh day , of the eleventh month " of 1918 , German leaders signed an armistice , or a halt to hostilities , with the Allied powers . On that date , November 11 , celebrations were held in New York City , Paris , London and in other cities around the globe . The following year , President Woodrow Wilson declared November 11 as "  Armistice Day , " a day to observe the end of World War I. On June 4 , 1926 , the U.S. Congress passed a resolution asking President Calvin Coolidge to call upon officials to "  display the flag of the United States on all government buildings on November 11 and inviting the people of the United States to observe the day in schools and churches , or other suitable places , with appropriate ceremonies of friendly relations with all other peoples . " Twelve years later , on May 13 , 1938 , Congress passed an Act making the 11th of November Armistice Day , a federal holiday . Initially , Armistice Day was supposed to honor veterans of World War I . But after the call to arms and human sacrifices during World War II and the Korean conflict , veterans ' groups urged Congress to consider a day to celebrate U.S. veterans of all wars . On June 1 , 1954 , President Dwight Eisenhower signed a bill changing Armistice Day to Veterans Day . Difference between Veterans Day and Memorial Day Veterans Day in the United States is a day to honor all Americans who have served in the U.S. military , both during wartime and in peace . Memorial Day is a day for remembering and honoring Americans who have died serving the nation , especially those who died in battle or from wounds received during armed conflicts . On Veterans Day , Americans thank the living veterans for their service to the country and recognize all who have served the country . Veterans Day Proclamation The following is the text of President George W. Bush 's 2008 Veterans Day Proclamation : On Veterans Day , we pay tribute to the service and sacrifice of the men and women who in defense of our freedom have bravely worn the uniform of the United States . From the fields and forests of war-torn Europe to the jungles of Southeast Asia , from the deserts of Iraq to the mountains of Afghanistan , brave patriots have protected our Nation 's ideals , rescued millions from tyranny , and helped spread freedom around the globe . America 's veterans answered the call when asked to protect our Nation from some of the most brutal and ruthless tyrants , terrorists , and militaries the world has ever known . They stood tall in the face of grave danger and enabled our Nation to become the greatest force for freedom in human history . Members of the Army , Navy , Air Force , Marines , and Coast Guard have answered a high calling to serve and have helped secure America at every turn . Our country is forever indebted to our veterans for their quiet courage and exemplary service . We also remember and honor those who laid down their lives in freedom 's defense . These brave men and women made the ultimate sacrifice for our benefit . On Veterans Day , we remember these heroes for their valor , their loyalty , and their dedication . Their selfless sacrifices continue to inspire us today as we work to advance peace and extend freedom around the world . With respect for and in recognition of the contributions our service members have made to the cause of peace and freedom around the world , the Congress has provided  5 U.S.C. 6103  a   that November 11 of each year shall be set aside as a legal public holiday to honor America 's veterans . NOW , THEREFORE , I , GEORGE W. BUSH , President of the United States of America , do hereby proclaim November 11 , 2008 , as Veterans Day and urge all Americans to observe November 9 through November 15 , 2008 , as National Veterans Awareness Week . I encourage all Americans to recognize the bravery and sacrifice of our veterans through ceremonies and prayers . I call upon Federal , State , and local officials to display the flag of the United States and to support and participate in patriotic activities in their communities . I invite civic and fraternal organizations , places of worship , schools , businesses , unions , and the media to support this national observance with commemorative expressions and programs . IN WITNESS WHEREOF , I have hereunto set my hand this thirty-first day of October , in the year of our Lord two thousand eight , and of the Independence of the United States of America the two hundred and thirty-third . GEORGE W. BUSH Sources : U.S. Dept. of Veteran Affairs , Veterans Day , 2008 : A Proclamation by the President of the United States of America	Use this information to learn about the history of Veterans Day
CNN  -- Police are probing an apparent murder-suicide in Erie , Pennsylvania , saying they suspect a father shot dead his wife and two young children before turning the gun on himself . The two parents and children , ages 4 and 7 , were found dead in an Erie home around 11 a.m. Saturday , said Erie Police Lt. Tom Eberlein . A bullet also grazed the ear of a 2-year-old in the house , and the toddler was sent to an area hospital , said Eberlein . The child 's condition was not immediately known . The names of those killed have not been released ; the case remains under investigation . Several neighbors told CNN affiliate WICU that they heard gunshots around 9 a.m. and then again about an hour later . "  They were a happy family , never seen them argue or nothing , " Olivia Shultz , a neighbor , told WICU . Erie , in western Pennsylvania on the banks of Lake Erie , is about 100 miles from both Buffalo , New York , to the northeast , and Cleveland , Ohio , to the southwest .	NEW : A neighbor says the shooting victims appeared to be ' a happy family ' A father , mother and two of their children are found dead in a Pennsylvania home Erie police say that the father is a suspect in apparent murder-suicide A bullet grazed the ear of a 2-year-old in the house
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Lindsay Lohan was taken into custody at the end of Friday 's hearing in her necklace theft case after the judge sentenced her to 120 days in jail for violating her drunk driving probation . The actress was expected to post a $ 75,000 bond at the jail and be freed . The judge granted the bond after her lawyer filed a notice of appeal . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Stephanie Sautner also ordered Lohan to serve 480 hours of community service , including 360 hours at a downtown Los Angeles women 's center . Sautner suggested Lohan might behave better after seeing "  how truly needy women and women who have fallen on real hard times have to live . " She must complete another 120 hours of community service at the Los Angeles County morgue . The judge also ruled Friday that the necklace theft case against Lohan will go forward to trial , but the felony charge was reduced to a misdemeanor . "  I 'm going to give her an opportunity , " Sautner said . Sautner did not buy the defense argument that Lohan accidentally walked out of a Venice , California , jewelry store wearing a necklace that later appeared around her neck in photographs taken five days later . "  If in fact it was an accident , she could have called the store back , " Sautner said . Defense attorney Shawn Holley argued that Lohan was busy and scattered when she was at the store and absent-mindedly walked out with the necklace . "  It 's undisputed that Ms. Lohan walked out of the store with the necklace on , " Holley said . The prosecution must show she had "  specific intent to permanently deprive the store of that necklace . " "  I see the intent here and the level of brazenness to say ` Let me see what I can get away with here , ' " Sautner said . A police detective testified that Lohan 's assistant handed the necklace to a police officer after learning through a website posting that police had obtained a search warrant hours earlier to search for it in her home . Prosecutor Danette Meyers argued that "  it does n't take a rocket scientist " to realize Lohan returned the necklace to police because she knew her home was about to be searched . Lohan 's trial date was set for June 3 , but she must return to court for a hearing May 11 , the judge said . A misdemeanor could still result in up to a year in prison for Lohan . Before delivering the good news to Lohan about the reduction of the charge , the judge addressed her much-publicized misbehavior . "  She thumbs her nose at the court , " Sautner said , referring to an incident with another judge last year . "  She walks into court with ' F U ' on her fingernails . I do n't know what that means unless it has ' I am ' before it . " The jeweler who accused Lohan of stealing the gold and diamond necklace testified Friday that she had not gotten any money from selling the security camera video of the actress in her store . Kamofie and Company owner Sofia Kamen was the second witness called by the prosecution in the preliminary hearing . Holley used the the store 's licensing of the video , for a reported $ 40,000 , to question Kamen 's motives in accusing Lohan of theft . All of the money from the video licensing went to publicist Christopher Spencer , who Kamen said she fired last month because he was negotiating deals for the store that she was not interested in , she testified . Spencer subsequently disputed Kamen 's account . Kamen said that she realized the necklace was missing 10 minutes after the actress left the store last January . She was n't closely watching Lohan , even though there was another incident four days earlier in which the actress almost walked out wearing a diamond earring . "  We thought it was an accident , " Kamen said . "  We were n't thinking that she would take it . " The first prosecution witness was Tinelli Comsooksri , a store employee who was working the day of the earring incident . "  She was covering the earring that she still left on with her hair , " Comsooksri said . She stopped Lohan as she was walking out , Comsooksri said . As prosecutor Meyers held the infamous necklace , now known as "  People 's Exhibit 2 , " Kamen testified that it was priced at $ 2,500 although it cost the store only $ 850 . She explained that retail jewelers routinely triple the wholesale price . The value of the necklace was a crucial issue for Lohan for the felony grand theft charge to be reduced to a misdemeanor . Shoplifting offenses are charged as petty theft if the property taken is valued at less than $ 950 . Lohan has been in court nine times in the past year , mostly for hearings related to probation violations for her 2007 drunk driving case . She did a short stint in jail last year , but she also checked into substance abuse rehab twice under court order .	NEW : The judge sentences Lohan to 120 days in jail for a probation violation NEW : Lohan is expected to post bond Friday night while her lawyer appeals Lohan 's theft charge is reduced from a felony to a misdemeanor Lohan trial set for June 3
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II reflected Thursday on the economic and political crises sweeping the globe , acknowledging in her Christmas Day message their impact on holiday festivities . Queen Elizabeth II attends a Christmas Day service at Sandringham in Norfolk , England . "  Christmas is a time for celebration , but this year it is a more somber occasion for many . Some of those things which could once have been taken for granted suddenly seem less certain , and naturally give rise to feelings of insecurity , " she told Britons in a televised appearance from Buckingham Palace . "  People are touched by events which have their roots far across the world -- whether it is the global economy or violence in a distant land , the effects can be keenly felt at home . " In her nine-minute message , she encouraged Britons to look for happiness and courage through helping others , and singled out World War I veterans and current troops in Iraq and Afghanistan as examples of courage and sacrifice . Military veterans of the First World War recently commemorated the "  service and enormous sacrifice of their own generation , " the queen said . The families of soldiers now serving overseas carry an extra burden of worry while they are away , she added . "  In such times as these , we can all learn some lessons from the past . We might begin to see things in a new perspective , and certainly we begin to ask ourselves where it is that we can find lasting happiness . " Watch excerpts of the queen 's address " It appears , she noted , that people who seem most contented and fulfilled are "  the people who have lived the most outgoing and unselfish lives -- the kind of people who are generous with their talents or their time ... those who use their prosperity or good fortune for the benefit of others . " "  When life seems hard , the courageous do not lie down and accept defeat . Instead , they are all the more determined to struggle for a better future , " the queen said . "  I think we have a huge amount to learn from individuals such as these . " She expressed pride in her son , Prince Charles , who turned 60 last month and is one of the longest-serving heirs to the throne . He was baptized in the music room where the queen spoke , she said . Several clips -- including a few with the queen playing with Charles , as a toddler -- were shown throughout her comments . Charles has helped and supported young people through various charities , and his sons , princes William and Harry , are following his lead , the queen said . She closed her message with references to Jesus Christ , who she said lived an unselfish and sacrificial life , despite circumstances of great adversity . "  He makes it clear that genuine human happiness and satisfaction lie more in giving than receiving , more in serving than in being served . "  We can surely be grateful that 2,000 years after the birth of Jesus , so many of us are able to draw inspiration from his life and message . "	Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II was giving her Christmas Day speech Queen : Economic , political crises sweeping globe impacted on celebrations She encouraged Britons to look for happiness and courage through helping others Message was recorded from her Buckingham Palace residence
CNN  -- Are the days of Latinos in entertainment changing their given names to appeal to a broader audience long gone ? That 's what it looks like now that former "  Two and a Half Men " star Charlie Sheen has dropped his stage name for birth name Carlos Estevez for Robert Rodriguez 's Latino-centric new action film "  Machete Kills . " The film is second in a series after the 2010 film "  Machete " starring Danny Trejo , Jessica Alba and Michelle Rodriguez . In "  Machete Kills , " Trejo returns as ex-Federal agent Machete , recruited by the president of the United States , played by Charlie Sheen , asked to go on a mission to take down a madman revolutionary and eccentric billionaire arms dealer , played by Mel Gibson , who has come up with a plan to spread war across the world . This second installment will star Sofía Vergara , Demián Bichir , Antonio Banderas , Zoe Saldaña , Edward James Olmos , Vanessa Hudgens , Cuba Gooding Jr. , Alexa Vega , and Lady Gaga . Watch the trailer for ` Machete Kills ' According to Sheen 's representative , it was his idea to use his birth name for the film . However , there 's no confirmation on what spurred the decision or whether Sheen will stick to Estevez from now on . Some call the change ironic in light of comments last year by Sheen about his heritage . "  I do n't wake up feeling Latino . I 'm a white guy in America , I was born in New York and grew up in Malibu , " he said in a 2012 interview with Univision . "  People are either going to see Charlie Sheen 's move as pandering or as a smart career move considering the film 's audience . I see it as him integrating himself into Latino culture , " said Gabriel Reyes , president of Reyes Entertainment , a public relations and marketing agency . "  I 'm sure he meant what he said in his interview with Univision , but that does n't mean hce 's not Hispanic , so if he wants to acknowledge it now , I applaud that . " The film 's Twitter page has also re-tweeted articles about Sheen changing his name to Estevez for the movie . The movie 's Facebook page posted a promotional photo of Sheen as Carlos Estevez with a caption that reads , "  Call him Carlos . Charlie Sheen is going FULL Latino in Machete Kills . SHARE this to introduce Carlos Estevez to your friends . " On Facebook , Jessica Chrisman posted : "  I love that he is using his real name , " while Sasha Estella Videz disagreed , posting , "  So , he 's finally getting in touch with his Latin roots ... Sorry , ` Carlos ' you should 've stuck with your brother Emilio who did n't deny his roots to get more work . " Michelle Herrera Mulligan , editor-in-chief of Cosmopolitan for Latinas , said : "  Hispanics might feel that his move might be a bit opportunistic on his part because he had many chances to embrace his Latino identity in the past . Especially since Sheen 's brother , Emilio Estevez , has embraced his Hispanic identity from the very beginning . " The Sheen/Estevez family has been at odds over their identity over the years . In a 2003 "  Inside the Actors Studio " interview , Martin Sheen talked about why he dropped his birth name , Ramon Antonio Gerard Estevez , but how he was always proud of his Hispanic heritage . He said he felt a "  hesitation whenever he would give his name over the phone for a job or apartment " and by the time he would get there in person , "  it was always gone " so he made up the name Martin Sheen . "  It 's still Estevez officially . I never changed it . I never will . It 's on my driver 's license and passport and everything , " Martin Sheen said to James Lipton . "  In fact , one of my great regrets is that I did n't keep my name as it was given to me . " Sheen passed on "  Estevez " to his four children : Emilio , Ramón , Renée and Carlos  Charlie Sheen  . Sheen wrote a memoir with his son Emilio called "  Along the Way , " which covers the family 's roots in Spain and their relationship as father and son . "  I chose to stay with my family name because , first of all , Emilio Sheen looks stupid . Right ? And it 's just not who I am , man , " Emilio Estevez said in an interview with Latina magazine . "  The Latino community has always been very supportive of that choice and very proud of me that I chose to go with that -- and honor my Latino roots . " But he said he faced pressure from executives to change his name . He said his father 's best advice was to not make the same mistake he made , because he would regret it for the rest of his life . "  The gringos and the suits in Hollywood gave me some pressure to change it because it made their jobs more difficult to try and sell me , but I 'm so proud that I did n't . And , now of course it 's very fashionable to be Latino . I guess it was a good choice back then ! " Martin Sheen was n't the only actor in Hollywood to change his name . Once upon a time , Rita Hayworth was Rita Cansino . The "  Gilda " star not only changed her hair color -- from natural dark brown to dark red -- but also her name to help her land a broader range of roles . Perhaps Jo Raquel Tejada , known by Hollywood as Raquel Welch , would have never made the big screen had she kept her original name . Vanna White of "  Wheel of Fortune " adopted her stepfather 's name , Herbert Stackley White Jr. . If she 'd kept her father 's name , she would be Vanna Rosich after her Puerto Rican father , Miguel Angel Rosich . Let 's not forget family comedy classic "  Growing Pains , " starring TV mom Joanna Kerns , whose birth name was Joanna Crussie DeVarona . Anthony Quinn , born Antonio Rodolfo Quinn-Oaxaca , is a two-time Academy Award-winning Mexican-American actor and writer best known for his roles in "  Viva Zapata ! " in 1952 and "  Lust for Life " in 1956 . In the 1950s , upon getting a record deal , Richie Valens was asked to change his name , then Ricardo Valenzuela , by his manager because of fear that mainstream America would n't be receptive to the Mexican-American rock star . "  I can understand why Martin Sheen would have pressure to change his name because he went into Hollywood at a different time , " said Cosmo editor Herrera Mulligan . "  It would be easier to see why Martin Sheen had to change versus Charlie Sheen 's situation . It 's 2013 , Latinos have been hot about 10 times . " About 10 years ago , Herrera Mulligan worked at Latina magazine when "  everybody wanted to be Latino . " She recalls getting constant calls from PR agencies pitching their clients who were n't Latino but wanted to be in the magazine because they wanted to be affiliated with the audience . "  His name change attests to a greater trend . Hollywood is starting to see that Latinos in the U.S. are not just foreigners who do n't speak English , but a viable audience full of influencers that are a part of American culture , " she said . Latinos are the fastest growing and largest minority group in the country , 50 million strong , according to the Pew Hispanic Center . And , according to the U.S. Census Bureau , that number is only going to grow -- a projected 133 million by 2050 . Plus , Hispanics have $ 1.2 trillion in purchasing power , which is growing at a faster rate than every other minority 's buying power , according to Nielsen . To top it off , Latinos love going to the movies , in fact more than any other demographic group . In 2012 , the number of Hispanic moviegoers increased by 12 % , according to Nielsen National Research Group , and they accounted for 25 % of all movies seen even while they are 18 % of the moviegoing population . "  I ca n't help but wonder if Robert Rodriguez is trying to give Charlie a chance to re-embrace his identity . I just hope Charlie 's not just trying to use his culture to get all eyes on him since Latinos are such a hot commodity right now , " said Herrera Mulligan . "  Latinos take their heritage and their celebrities very seriously . " Reyes thinks America has embraced a culture where it is easy to be outraged and offended . Charlie Sheen 's name change should focus on one thing , he said : American culture is changing and becoming more Latinized . "  There are bigger things to worry about like undocumented families being torn apart , poverty among Latino families , etc. . Now that 's something to be offended about , " said Reyes , "  It seems like Robert is using this film to turn convention on its head . It 's kitschy , funny and innovative . We should go with it . "	Charlie Sheen has dropped his stage name to birth name , Carlos Estevez , for upcoming flick "  People are going to see Charlie Sheen 's move as pandering or as a smart career move " Are the days of Latinos changing their names to appeal to a broader audience over ? "  If you say ' I am Latino , ' celebs have to think about what kind of message that sends back "
London , England  CNN  -- Finnish cellphone giant Nokia on Tuesday unveiled its latest range of smartphones as it bids to recover lost ground to rivals Apple and Blackberry . The launch follows a series of major changes at board level , with the recent resignations of chief executive Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo and smartphone operations chief Anssi Vanjoki . Last week it was announced that Stephen Elop , who previously headed up Microsoft 's Business Division , would take over from Kallasvuo on September 20 , while Vanjoki , who is credited for revamping the company 's smartphone business , would remain in his post until a replacement is found . According to media reports , he was thought to be one of the leading internal candidates for the CEO role . Analysts : Symbian and Android will dominate by 2014 Nokia chairman to step down in 2012 "  The time is right to accelerate the company 's renewal ; to bring in new executive leadership with different skills and strengths in order to drive company success , " Jorma Ollila , Chairman of the Nokia Board of Directors , said in a statement . That renewal process continued at Tuesday 's Nokia World showcase in London , when three new smartphones -- the E7 , C7 and the C6 -- were introduced . Like the flagship N8 model , unveiled earlier this year , the sleek new devices are powered by a new Symbian 3 operating system which offers hundreds of new features such as the ability to play high definition video through your phone to your wide screen TV at home . Symbian is already the most widely used operating system for mobiles in the world , but Nokia admits competitors such as Apple and Google have started to catch up . "  Today our fight back to smartphone leadership shifts into high gear , " Niklas Savander , Nokia 's markets chief , told delegates in London . "  Despite new competition , Symbian remains the most widely used smartphone platform in the world . Our new family of smartphones introduced today feature the all-new Symbian OS , rewritten to be faster , easier to use , more efficient and more developer friendly . " However technology journalist Kevin Tofel , who attended Nokia World , told CNN that he feels Nokia may stem the loss of market share with their latest offerings but this is "  basically a band-aid . " He added : "  What Nokia is actually saying is MeeGo , their next big announcement and operating system , is really going to shake up the competitors . "  But I 'm not hearing anyone from any country raving about the new products at the moment . " With its 12 megapixel camera complete with Carl Zeiss optics , a confident Nokia described the N8 as "  the ultimate entertainment smartphone and world 's best cameraphone . " What about the rest of the family ? -- Described as the "  ultimate business smartphone , " the E7 boasts direct , real-time and secure access to corporate email inboxes and other personal applications via its four-inch display with slide-out keyboard . -- The C7 "  social-networking smartphone " provides live updates from social networks such as Facebook and Twitter on its 3.5-inch touch-screen display . -- The C6 offers a more compact experience which combines elements taken from its bigger cousins , such as a front-facing camera and ClearBlack technology for improved outdoor visibility . All four models will be available in time for the key Christmas period and will have access to the revamped Ovi Store , Nokia 's version of Apple 's App store where users can download applications , games and videos . Nokia also announced a number of improvements in developer tools making it simpler , easier and more lucrative for people to build and distribute apps . Last week Apple announced it would be removing its unpopular restrictions on what programming tools developers can use to create iOS apps . According to analysts , this means programmers will be able to use tools from Apple 's rivals -- most notably Adobe -- to build software for Apple 's iPhones , iPads and iPods . "  We have listened to our developers and taken much of their feedback to heart , " Apple told CNNMoney.com . "  This should give developers the flexibility they want , while preserving the security we need . "	Nokia N8 , E7 , C7 and the C6 all use new Symbian 3 operating system Finnish cellphone company bidding to recover lost ground to rivals such as Apple Nokia also announces improvements in developer tools to make building apps easier
August Reiger was supposed to reunite with his family at the top of a scenic mountain trail in Ecuador . But when his father , mother and younger brother arrived Sunday at the meeting point overlooking the town of Baños , the 18-year-old was nowhere to be found . Authorities in the South American country have been searching for the Oklahoma high school valedictorian for days . Family members say it appears he vanished without a trace after they split up during a hike in the mountainous area 100 miles south of the capital , Quito . "  Nothing makes sense to me . ... Everyone 's baffled , because it 's not a dangerous place , " his father , Chris Reiger , told CNN . "  There 's no rebels or something like that that who kidnap people . I ca n't come up with a scenario that could make sense . " Teams of firefighters , police , army troops and village volunteers have combed the area , Chris Reiger said , rappelling over steep mountain slopes and using search dogs in their hunt . "  They 're still searching in the mountain , but not with that kind of force . They 're confident he 's not up there stuck somewhere , " Chris Reiger said . "  I could see . I was up there . I knew what they were doing , and I do n't know , they did n't find him . " Lira de la Paz Villalva , governor of Ecuador 's Tungurahua province , said local authorities do n't have any leads about what could have caused the teen 's disappearance . A new search operation is planned for Friday . August , an avid Spanish speaker with a deep interest in indigenous cultures , had been looking forward to the Ecuador trip . The family had been scheduled to leave for a three-day tour in remote jungle areas on Monday . But instead , they 've been traveling to local villages with police , posting pictures of their son and asking for help finding him . It 's out of the question that August would have wandered off or could be trying not to be found , the teen 's father says . "  I feel that he 's particularly mature for his age . He 's not the kind of kid that does crazy stuff , " Chris Reiger said . August had just graduated from the Classen School of Advanced Studies in Oklahoma City , said Shannon Schmoyer , Reiger 's father 's cousin . The 18-year-old had asked his parents for a trip to a Spanish-speaking country as a graduation present , she said . According to CNN affiliate KOKH , about 150 volunteers have joined the search , with helicopters assisting the effort . Local authorities have been cooperative but do n't have many leads , Schmoyer said . In Washington , the U.S. State Department said its embassy in Quito was in touch with the Reiger family and "  is monitoring the situation closely . " "  Protecting the well-being of U.S. citizens is one of the department 's highest priorities , and we take all such reports seriously , " it said . The family arrived in Ecuador on June 11 , Schmoyer said . She described the missing teen as "  caring , sensitive , family-oriented , soft-spoken , compassionate , social , inquisitive and wicked smart . " August plays piano and guitar , was a state science fair winner and had a full scholarship to the University of Oklahoma , she said . In Oklahoma City , word of his disappearance has has shaken those who know the teen . "  I 'm not sure what to do . I feel very helpless , " neighbor Tim Smith said . "  Everyone here who knows him , it 's all over Facebook . We 're all e-mailing each other , trying to keep each other apprised . I 'm knocking on whatever doors I can think of to knock on . " Smith , who used to drive August to school in a car pool , said he 's been reaching out to local lawmakers to draw attention to the case . "  We really need people to let the governor 's office and congressmen know , " he said . "  We need somebody to really step up and try to push this through , so that it gets some more exposure . " August 's father said he hopes publicity about the case will help authorities locate his son . "  He 's not gone yet in my mind , " he said . "  They 're going to find him . "	In Ecuador , a province governor says investigators have no leads August Reiger was last seen Sunday while on a family hike in the mountains The family trip was a graduation present for the teen , who is fluent in Spanish Father : "  Everyone 's baffled , because it 's not a dangerous place "
CNN  -- The United States and Russia were absent Wednesday as representatives from countries from around the world gathered to sign a treaty banning the use of cluster bombs . French troops examine cluster bombs collected after the Lebanon conflict of 2006 . Some 111 countries were due to adopt the Convention on Cluster Munitions at an all-day signing ceremony in Oslo , Norway . But four of the biggest cluster bomb makers -- Russia , China , Israel and the United States , which claims the devices are a vital part of its defense strategy , stayed away . Cluster Munition Coalition activists behind the agreement expressed disappointment at the absence of the big four , but insisted it would n't undermine the treaty as it passes into international law . "  Obviously it 's very disappointing that those countries are n't here , but at the same time , the strong message that this treaty sends will make it very clear to those countries that these are unacceptable weapons and inappropriate in future conflicts , " CMC Co-Chair Richard Moyes told CNN from Oslo . "  The treaty and the stigma that it builds will make it practically and politically much more difficult for them to use these weapons again in the future , " Moyes added about the absent countries . "  Many of their partners will no longer be allowed to use these weapons , and clearly recognize these weapons as far too costly in humanitarian terms . " Cluster munitions , which break apart in flight to scatter hundreds of smaller bomblets , are described by the International Committee of the Red Cross as a "  persistent humanitarian problem . " Most of a device 's bomblets are meant to explode on impact , but many do not . Credible estimates show the weapons fail between 10 and 40 percent of the time , leaving civilians at risk of harm from unexploded ordnance , the ICRC says . In addition to calling for a total , immediate ban of the weapons , the Oslo accord calls for strong standards to protect those injured . It urges that contaminated areas be cleaned up quickly and weapons immediately destroyed , the CMC said . The agreement requires the destruction of stockpiles of the weapons within eight years , said Thomas Nash , coordinator of the Cluster Munition Coalition . Earlier this year , a U.S. State Department representative called it "  an absolute moral obligation " to rid a battlefield of unexploded ordnance after battle , but the insists cluster munitions are an important part of its defense strategy that can be regulated post-conflict . During the 34-day war in Lebanon in 2006 , the United Nations estimated that Israel dropped 4 million bomblets , 1 million of which may not have exploded , according to the ICRC . More than 250 civilians and bomb-disposal operators have been killed or injured by them in southern Lebanon since the war ended . Cluster bombs were also used in the 1999 war in Kosovo . In more than 20 countries , according to the ICRC , cluster bombs have created lasting "  no-go " areas , rendering them as dangerous as minefields . Laos is the most affected country . Millions of bomblets dropped during the Vietnam War continue to kill civilians more than three decades later .	United States , Russia absent from signing of cluster bomb ban treaty signing U.S. , Russia , China , Israel are top four cluster bomb producers U.S. insists the devices are important part of its defense strategy
JUAREZ , Mexico  CNN  -- A deadly trade is occurring along the U.S. border with Mexico , federal officials say -- a flood of guns , heading south , used by drug thugs to kill Mexican cops . Authorities recently seized these .50 - caliber bullets , already belted to be fed into a machine gun . In Mexico , guns are difficult to purchase legally . So , officials say , weapons easily purchased in the United States are turning up there . "  The same routes that are being used to traffic drugs north -- and the same organizations that have control over those routes -- are the same organizations that bring the money and the cash proceeds south as well as the guns and the ammunition , " says Bill Newell , a special agent with the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Police in Mexican border towns fear for their lives , and with good reason . Five high-ranking Mexican police officials have been killed this year in what Mexican officials say is an escalating war between police and drug cartels . In Juarez , Mexico , just across the border from El Paso , Texas , a police commander was gunned down in front of his home . The weapon used to kill Cmdr. Francisco Ledesma Salazar is believed to have been a .50 - caliber rifle . The guns are illegal to purchase in Mexico but can be obtained just north of the border at gun shows and gun shops in the United States . ATF special agent Tom Mangan says the .50 - caliber rifle has become one of the "  guns of choice " for the drug cartels . The weapon fires palm-sized .50 - caliber rounds that can cut through just about anything . Mangan showed CNN the power of the rifle on a gun range near Phoenix , Arizona . The weapon , a Barrett , was seized in an ATF raid . A round fired from 100 yards away tore through a car door and both sides of a bulletproof vest like those used by Mexican police . "  There 's nothing that 's going to stop this round , " Mangan says . The rifle was intercepted as it was being smuggled into Mexico . Mangan says investigators believe four others already had passed through the border . Watch how the weapons fuel a little-known war " The ATF has been trying to help Mexican police by cracking down on illegal purchases of guns and ammunition . Operation Gunrunner has led to several arrests and seizures of guns and ammo . But the operation has mainly shown just how big a problem exists , authorities say . One recent seizure in a Yuma , Arizona , storage locker yielded 42 weapons and hundreds of rounds of .50 - caliber bullets already belted to be fed into a machine gun-style weapon . The guns confiscated included AK-47 rifles and dozens of Fabrique National pistols . The semiautomatic pistols fire a 5.7-by-28 millimeter round , which is technically a rifle round , according to the ATF . Newell says the round has a special nickname in Mexico . "  It 's called ` mata policias , ' or ` cop killer , ' " he says . Mexican authorities along the border recently met with their counterparts in the United States , hoping more cooperation will lead to more arrests of criminals and fewer killings of Mexican police officers . Guillermo Fonseca , Mexico 's regional legal attaché for the West Coast , told CNN the violence in his country is "  problem number 1 " -- and police in his country are outgunned . Officers in Mexico lack heavy firepower , he says . With the presence of large-caliber weapons from the United States , drug cartels and criminals have the advantage in what he says is basically a war . Part of the solution , he says , is for the United States to give Mexico more information about who is selling these guns illegally in the United States . Then Mexico could go after the buyers . "  We have access to systems to trace guns that have been smuggled into Mexico , and that has worked very well , " Fonseca told CNN . "  We need more information about the people who are actually purchasing the guns . We need to prosecute those people , to convict those people . In our opinion , that 's the next step we have to take . " Last year Mexican police confiscated 10,000 guns and $ 200 million in raids aimed at cracking down on border violence . Still , local police tread carefully , especially in neighborhoods controlled by the powerful drug cartels . Officer Cesar Quitana patrols a dangerous barrio in Juarez , Mexico . He is armed with an M16 assault rifle -- a weapon that would be no match in a gunfight with drug lords . "  I think most of us feel scared just to bring this with us , " he says , pointing to the rifle in the front seat of his patrol car . "  But this is what we use to defend ourselves . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Orlando Ruiz and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Firearms difficult to purchase in Mexico are more easily obtained in United States Drugs and money go north to U.S. while guns go south to Mexico , authorities say Mexican drug cartels blamed for killings of police officers
A twin-engine plane crashed into a Chicago house shortly after takeoff from Midway International Airport early Tuesday , killing the pilot and narrowly missing a couple who were sleeping in the residence , officials said . The pilot of the Aerocommander 500 cargo plane reported engine problems and asked controllers to let him return to Midway shortly before the craft slammed into the house about a quarter-mile short of a runway at 2:42 a.m. , Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Elizabeth Isham Cory said . The craft smashed into a living room , stopping just 8 inches from a couple who were sleeping in an adjacent bedroom in the 1.5-story brick house just southeast of the airport , Chicago Fire Department official Michael Fox said . The couple were not injured . "  They were very lucky . ... They were in a bedroom next to the living room , and the living room is gone , " said Fox , the fire department 's chief of special operations . The name of the pilot , who was the only person aboard the craft , was not immediately released . The pilot was trying to land at Midway when the crash happened , said Tim Sorensen , an investigator with the National Transportation Safety Board . Video from CNN affiliate WGN shows the tail of the plane sticking out of the home 's smashed front end . Firefighters put a layer of foam on leaking aviation fuel before it could reach an ignition source and start a fire , Fox said . The pilot had intended to fly to an Ohio State University airport near Columbus , according to the FAA . An investigation into what caused the crash will take up to a year , but a preliminary report could be released in a week , Sorensen said .	Wreckage came within 8 inches of sleeping couple , fire official says Pilot was trying to return to Midway after reporting engine trouble , officials say Twin-engine cargo plane slammed into brick house just southeast of airport
CNN  -- Ukraine 's Security Service launched a raid on the country 's state-run gas company Wednesday , searching for documents related to a gas deal with Russia , a spokesman for the company said . Ukrainian security service agents let employees leave a room at Naftogaz 's headquarters . A group of about 30 gunmen wearing masks and carrying machine guns entered the offices of Naftogaz and took control of every floor of the company 's building in the capital of Kiev , Naftogaz spokesman Valentyn Zemlyansky said . Operatives from the security service then began a search for various company documents , including those pertaining to the Russia-Ukraine gas deal signed in January to end a weeks-long gas dispute , Zemlyansky told journalists , according to Russia 's Interfax news agency . The Security Service opened a criminal case on Monday into alleged misappropriation of 6.3 billion cubic meters of transit gas worth over 7.4 billion hryvnia  $ 880 million  by a group of Naftogaz officers , Interfax reported . Taras Shepitko , a deputy chief of an Energy Regional Customs division under the State Customs Service , was detained as part of the case . Ukrainian Security Service operatives confirmed to Interfax that the operation was related to that criminal case . The armed troops were there simply to protect the investigators , the service told Interfax , citing attempts to hinder the investigation . Naftogaz called police when the armed men stormed in but the police retreated soon after they arrived , Zemlyansky said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow , Russia , contributed to this report .	Ukraine 's Security Service raids country 's state-run gas company Naftogaz : Raid was to search for documents related to gas deal with Russia Security Service investigating alleged theft of gas by Naftogaz officers
The last two inmates who escaped through the ceiling in the shower of the Caddo County Jail in Anadarko , Oklahoma , last month have been captured , Caddo County Sheriff Gene Cain told CNN on Tuesday . James Mendonca and Triston Cheadle were taken into custody without incident at a private home in Anadarko , he said . Sheriff 's deputies acted on a tip received Tuesday morning . Two other escaped inmates were caught last month . Dylan Ray Three Irons and Prime Brown were taken into custody in Chickasha , Oklahoma , the sheriff said , less than 20 miles away from the jail . News of the capture first surfaced on Twitter . The four inmates made a clean getaway October 27 after prying open a maintenance hatch in their shower -- the first escape from the 2-year-old Caddo County jail , Cain said . They broke a lock on the hatch above the shower head , Cain told CNN affiliate KFOR-TV , and then moved through a crawl space until they reached a wall , where they knocked out concrete block or two . That got them to an unlocked door outside the jail area , Cain explained . They apparently kept their clothes on in the shower . Four orange inmate uniforms were found outside the jail , CNN affiliate KOCO-TV reported . Three of the men -- Three Irons , Brown and Mendonca -- had been convicted of methamphetamine offenses and were awaiting transfer to a state prison . The fourth escapee , Cheadle , was awaiting trial on a federal gun charge , KOCO-TV reported .	The two inmates were taken into custody without incident , sheriff says Inmates broke lock above shower to crawl space , then broke through wall It was the first escape from the 2-year-old Caddo County jail
Two American missionaries infected with the deadly Ebola virus were given an experimental drug . Shortly after , Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol were flown separately from Liberia to Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital -- the first human patients with Ebola to ever come to the United States . Writebol was released from the hospital Tuesday . On Thursday morning , Brantly walked out of that same hospital with no signs of the virus in his system , doctors say . Their recoveries seem to offer hope for those fighting the largest Ebola outbreak in known history . More than 2,400 people have been infected by the virus , according to the World Health Organization , and it 's killed more than half . But ZMapp is not an approved treatment for Ebola ; in fact , no approved , proven treatment exists . So governments , aid organizations and scientists around the globe are racing to find a way to stop the virus . Here are answers to questions about Ebola patients and treatments for the disease . 1 . Are Brantly and Writebol cured ? Mostly . For Ebola patients to leave isolation , two blood tests had to come back negative for the Ebola virus . So their bodily fluids , like blood , sweat and feces , are no longer infectious . "  Nancy is free of the virus , but the lingering effects of the battle have left her in a significantly weakened condition , " Writebol 's husband , David Writebol , said in a statement . Some doctors believe the virus can remain in vaginal fluid and semen for up to several months , according to WHO . Dr. Bruce Ribner , an infectious disease specialist at Emory , said there is no evidence Ebola has ever been transmitted this way , but the risk was discussed with both patients . 2 . Are they now immune to Ebola ? Doctors believe surviving Ebola leaves you immune to future infection . Scientists have found that people who survive Ebola have antibodies in their blood that would provide protection against that strain of the virus in the future , and possibly against other strains as well . But , as you can imagine , they have n't tested this theory by infecting survivors with the virus again . There are four Ebola strains known to infect humans ; the Zaire ebolavirus causing the current outbreak is the most common . 3 . Who else has been given ZMapp ? The Ebola drug was flown to Spain to give to a priest named Miguel Pajares , who had contracted the virus in Liberia . Pajares died on August 12 . It 's unclear if he was given the drug before he died . ZMapp appears to be helping three Liberian health care workers who were given the experimental drug . They have shown "  very positive signs of recovery , " the Liberian Ministry of Health said earlier this week . Medical professionals treating the workers have called their progress "  remarkable . " 4 . Who makes the drug ? The drug was developed by the biotech firm Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. , which is based in San Diego . The company was founded in 2003 "  to develop novel pharmaceuticals for the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases , focusing on unmet needs in global health and biodefense , " according to its website . Mapp Biopharmaceutical has been working with the National Institutes of Health and the Defense Threat Reduction Agency , an arm of the military responsible for countering weapons of mass destruction , to develop an Ebola treatment for several years . 5 . How does ZMapp work ? Antibodies are proteins used by the immune system to mark and destroy foreign , or harmful , cells . A monoclonal antibody is similar , except it 's engineered in a lab so it will attach to specific parts of a dangerous cell , according to the Mayo Clinic , mimicking your immune system 's natural response . Monoclonal antibodies are used to treat many different types of conditions . Sources told CNN the medicine given to Brantly and Writebol abroad was a three-mouse monoclonal antibody , meaning that mice were exposed to fragments of the Ebola virus , and then the antibodies generated within the mice 's blood were harvested to create the medicine . However , the drug can also be produced with proteins made from tobacco plants . ZMapp manufacturer Kentucky BioProcessing in Owensboro provided limited quantities of this kind of the drug to Emory , according to company spokesman David Howard . 6 . Did doctors know it would work in humans ? No . The drug had shown promise in primates , but even in those experiments , just eight monkeys received the treatment . In any case , the human immune system can react differently than primates ' , which is why drugs are required to undergo human clinical trials before being approved by government agencies for widespread use . These cases will be studied further to determine how the drug worked with their immune systems . 7 . Are there other Ebola treatments out there ? Several experimental drugs are in development , but none has been effective in humans . The market for these drugs is small -- Ebola is a rare disease , almost completely confined to poor countries -- so funding for drug development has come largely from government agencies . In March , the NIH awarded a five-year , $ 28 million grant to establish a collaboration between researchers from 15 institutions who were working to fight Ebola . On Wednesday , Wellcome Trust and the United Kingdom 's Department for International Development announced money for Ebola research will be made available from a $ 10.8 million initiative . 8 . Will ZMapp or these other drugs be given to more Ebola patients ? An ethics panel convened by the World Health Organization concluded it is ethical to give experimental drugs during an outbreak as large as this one , but that does n't mean it will happen . Rolling out an untested drug during a massive outbreak would be very difficult , Doctors Without Borders says . Experimental drugs typically are not mass-produced , and tracking the success of such a drug , if used , would require extra medical staff where resources are already scarce . In an opinion article published in the journal Nature this week , epidemiologist Oliver Brady says up to 30,000 people in West Africa would have so far required treatment in this outbreak if it was available . 9 . What about an Ebola vaccine ? For the record , "  vaccine " and "  treatment " are not interchangeable terms . A vaccine is given to prevent infection , whereas treatment generally refers to a drug given to a patient who has developed symptoms . There are several Ebola vaccines in development . The Canadian government has donated between 800 and 1,000 doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine to WHO . The drug , called VSV-EBOV , is Canadian-made and owned , having been developed by the National Microbiology Laboratory . It 's never been tested on humans "  but has shown promise in animal research , " the agency says . We do n't know if the vaccine has been given to anyone on the ground . The NIH says a safety trial of an Ebola vaccine will start as early as September .	American patients infected with Ebola are being released from the hospital Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol were given ZMapp , an experimental drug To leave isolation , two blood tests on the Ebola patients must come back negative for the virus
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Brazil 's Senate passed a controversial forestry bill late Tuesday , supported by ranchers and farmers but opposed by many environmental activists . Supporters say the legislation will help cut carbon emissions and establish more realistic deforestation rules in what has become Brazil 's fast-growing agricultural frontier . After a long debate , senators voted 59 to 7 to approve the legislation . The new "  forest code " now returns to the lower house for approval and then must be signed by the president . The bill reduces the percentage of land that farmers and ranchers must maintain as forest when they develop it . It also establishes an amnesty for some past illegal deforestation . Critics say it will encourage developers to continue to illegally cut down the Amazon forest while supporters say it brings the country 's legal framework in line with reality . In recent years , private ranchers and growers as well as the government have invested millions to expand soybean and beef production and build massive hydroelectric dams in the region . "  Brazil has to take care of the environment , but at the same time it also has a responsibility to feed the world , " Senator Jorge Viana said in a statement released by a pro-legislation lobby . Brazil is the world 's No. 1 beef exporter and second biggest soy exporter . On Monday , Brazil announced that deforestation in the Amazon had fallen to a record low for the third straight year , providing more support for the forest code . Under the approved rules , developers will still be required to preserve some land as forest and replant other areas , thus helping cut carbon emissions . But stricter limits and fines have been stripped out of it . Environmentalists say that changes to the decades-old regulations on deforestation were necessary , but that the amnesties granted in this bill are excessive . Greenpeace Brasil called it a "  Day of Shame . " It is expected to land on the desk of President Dilma Rousseff early next year . It could prove a challenge for the new leader , who has supported development initiatives in the region , but who must also placate left-wing environmentalists in her coalition .	Supporters say the legislation is realistic Opponents say it will encourage developers to illegally cut down the Amazon forest The code could be a challenge for President Dilma Rousseff
Susie Kalimnios has traveled thousands of miles for two spectacular minutes . The mother of three from Montauk , New York , is in Australia for what she 's hoping will be "  the experience of a lifetime . " She has made a pilgrimage to Australia 's remote Far North Queensland region to witness a total solar eclipse . For just a few ethereal minutes on the morning of November 14 , the nation 's northernmost tip will be plunged in to complete darkness , as the moon aligns precisely between the earth and the sun . Kalimnios will certainly not be alone . Despite the relatively secluded viewing location , up to 60,000 eclipse chasers are expected to descend on the region and a flurry of eclipse-themed events -- from hot air balloon rides to snorkling expeditions -- are in store to mark the occasion . For her part , Kalimnios will be running in the Solar Eclipse Marathon , a race that begins the moment the first shard of light emerges from behind the moon -- creating what the event organizers describe as an "  intergalactic starting gun . " "  It is the combination of the solar eclipse and the marathon that made this a must-do for me , " Kalimnios says . "  This is only going to happen once and  it 's  an experience I 'll never ever be able to do again . " More from CNN Celebrates : The many customs of Diwali Keith Mansfield , an author from London , is making the journey so he can finally experience a "  proper total eclipse . " A self-described space geek , Mansfield is the author of the Johnny Mackintosh books -- a children 's series he describes as "  Harry Potter in space . " Mansfield witnessed a total eclipse of the sun in Cornwall in the UK in 1999 , but it was cloudy . Even though conditions were n't the best , the memory remained with him , and he 's been waiting to experience that moment of complete darkness ever since . "  It 's just a remarkable coincidence that the moon is exactly the same size in the sky as the sun . What are the chances of that ? " Wonders Mansfield , whose viewing perch will be the luxuriously tropical Fitzroy Island adjacent to the Great Barrier Reef . Rick Brown , a commodities trader from New York who 's been hooked on eclipses since he saw one first in 1970 , is part of the tourism boom . He 's been leading eclipse safaris all over the world for two decades . This year , he 's guiding a group of about 50 in Australia , marking his 13th tour . A one-man show , Brown personally handles all the tour arrangements , from restaurants to lodging to the all-important viewing point . His group will watch the eclipse from a beach just outside the picturesque town of Port Douglas . With a large group , the anticipation leading up to the event is a big part of the fun , he says . "  There 's a lot of excitement that builds up before the first moment when the moon kisses the sun . " And while "  totality is probably the fastest few minutes you can probably live through , " the short duration does n't minimize the experience . "  It 's a phenomenal thing to see , " he says . More from CNN Celebrates : Take the Diwali quiz Tours like Brown 's are part of a growing eclipse tourism industry that encompasses everything from luxury cruises to music and art festivals . All the activity provides a nice economic boost . The Cairns Regional Council estimates the eclipse will inject 75 million Australian dollars  about 75 million USD  into the local economy and add nearly 400 jobs . If there 's anyone who 's been a witness to the rise in eclipse tourism over the years , it 's Jay Pasachoff , a professor of astronomy at Williams College who will be viewing his 56th solar eclipse . Nowadays , people who want to see an eclipse will travel to do so , he says . "  It 's the most remarkable spectacle that anyone can see . I remember each of the eclipses I 've seen . Each one has its own story . " A total eclipse of the sun is n't just a striking experience , he notes , but also a rare opportunity for scientists to learn more about the sun and the universe . "  Scientifically there are special things we can study on the sun that we ca n't observe at any other time , " says Pasachoff , who will use the few minutes of totality to learn more about the motion and structure of the corona , the sun 's outer atmosphere . Whether a first-time stargazer or a veteran astronomer , there 's something all eclipse watchers in Australia are hoping for : clear weather . Overcast skies diminish visibility , but if the clouds remain at bay , a thrilling and unforgettable moment awaits .	A total solar eclipse will occur on November 14 over northern tip of Australia Up to 60,000 eclipse chasers expected to descend on region to watch the event From an island paradise to a hot air balloon , there are many novel ways to experience it
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Two days after the death of Michael Jackson , the family of the pop superstar thanked his fans for their condolences and support in "  one of the darkest moments of our lives . " A girl holds up signs in memory of Michael Jackson outside New York 's Apollo Theater on Saturday . "  Please do not despair , because Michael will continue to live on in each and every one of you , " family patriarch Joseph Jackson said in a statement to People magazine obtained by CNN . "  Continue to spread his message , because that is what he would want you to do . Carry on , so his legacy will live forever , " the statement told fans . "  Our beloved son , brother and father of three children has gone so unexpectedly , in such a tragic way and much too soon , " the statement said . "  It leaves us , his family , speechless and devastated to a point , where communication with the outside world seems almost impossible at times . " Watch how one fan mourns pop star " Family members including Jackson 's mother , Katherine , were at the estate Jackson had rented in Holmby Hills . Around midday , two moving vans pulled up . One left empty , and the other apparently contained objects from the house . Other vehicles came and went , including a silver Range Rover driven by a plain clothes police officer . Meanwhile , the doctor who may have been the last person to see Michael Jackson alive was expected to meet with police Saturday along with his lawyer , an associate of attorney Ed Chernoff said . Matthew Alford , an associate of Stradley , Chernoff and Alford law firm in Houston , Texas , said Dr. Conrad Murray , who is represented by Chernoff , was upset but willing to cooperate . Watch what Alford said about doctor 's involvement " The ongoing meeting could spill into Sunday , according to the firm . "  It 's a human tragedy , and he 's upset obviously over the loss of Mr. Jackson . But he is not a suspect in the death of Mr. Jackson , " Alford said . "  We intend to cooperate fully . " Los Angeles police , who met briefly with Murray after Michael Jackson 's death , had been trying to set up an interview , Los Angeles Deputy Police Chief Charlie Beck said . "  Is important to interview everybody that was in contact with Mr. Jackson immediately prior to his demise particularly anyone involved in his medical care , " Beck said . "  So it 's extremely important to talk to his doctor . " Police said the doctor has been cooperating . Jackson 's family suspects that Murray can answer some questions about the singer 's death , but they have been unable to contact him , the Rev. Jesse Jackson told CNN on Saturday . The parents need to know what happened in the last hours of Michael Jackson 's life , Jesse Jackson said . "  The routine inquiry is now an investigation , " Jesse Jackson said . "  They  Jacksons  did n't know the doctor . ... He should have met with the family , given them comfort on the last hours of their son . " Alford said Murray has "  not been hiding out . He 's just being prudent . " Detectives impounded Murray 's car , which was parked at the singer 's rented home , because it may contain evidence related to Jackson 's death , possibly prescription medications . Police have released no information on what they may have found . Alford said he did not have any details . "  I have no information as to what if any treatment , or course of treatment he was doing for Mr. Jackson at all , " he said . Michael Jackson died Thursday , and an autopsy was performed the following day . A spokesman for the Los Angeles County coroner 's office told reporters Friday that more tests must be conducted before a cause of death can be determined . That could take four to six weeks . The coroner said there was no indication of external trauma or foul play . Watch the coroner 's spokesman discuss the autopsy " The 50-year-old pop star was discovered unconscious Thursday by paramedics at his home , where Murray apparently had tried to revive him . He was rushed to a Los Angeles medical center , where he was pronounced dead . "  They need an independent autopsy to get even more answers to questions that are now being driven by the gap between when Michael was last seen alive and was pronounced dead day before yesterday , " Jesse Jackson said . Watch Jesse Jackson detail the family 's concerns " There are lingering questions , such as : "  How long had he stopped breathing ? How long had he been unconscious ? " he said . Jackson had been preparing for a comeback tour -- aimed at extending his legendary career and helping him to pay off hundreds of millions of dollars in debt . Jackson is survived by his three children , Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report	"  One of the darkest moments of our lives , " Jackson family says Dr. Conrad Murray upset but willing to cooperate , law firm says Rev. Jesse Jackson says behavior of Jackson 's doctor raises questions Family should seek independent autopsy , Rev. Jesse Jackson says
CNN  -- Andy Murray will look to clinch the 29th singles title of his career on Sunday when he faces Spain 's Tommy Robredo in the final of the inaugural Shenzhen Open in China . Murray , who is bidding to win his first title since lifting the Wimbledon crown almost 15 months ago , was made to work hard by his semifinal opponent Juan Monaco . The Argentine threatened to end the Murray 's run after taking the first set before the Scot battled back eventually running out a 2-6 6-3 6-0 winner in one hour 42 minutes . "  It 's been a tough year for me , " Murray said , ATPTour.com reported . "  The first few months coming back from surgery were hard , then I lost a bit of confidence . But I 've felt better the past few months and hopefully I can have a strong end to the season . " Robredo , meanwhile , reached his 21st ATP Tour final of his career in easier fashion beating Colombia 's Santiago Giraldo 6-1 6-4 in 70 minutes . Victory for Murray on Sunday would not only cap a welcome return to form but also boost his chances of reaching the ATP Tour Finals at London 's O2 Arena in November . Murray is currently 11th in the standings and needs to picks up at least three places to guarantee his participation in the lucrative season finale . Kvitova books place in WTA Finals Meanwhile 800 miles north of Shenzhen , Petra Kvitova sealed her spot at WTA Finals in Singapore with victory over Eugenie Bouchard in the Wuhan Open . The Czech player , who overwhelmed Bouchard in the Wimbledon final last July , wasted little time in seeing her Canadian opponent again winning through in straight sets 6-3 6-4 . Victory means Kvitova joins Serena Williams , Simona Halep and Maria Sharapova on the list of women to have sealed qualification for next month 's season-ending finals . Read more : Nadal courts controversy with ` old-fashioned ' views Read more : Fed like you 've never seen him	Andy Murray through to first final since winning Wimbledon in July 2013 Scot will face Spain 's Tommy Robredo in Sunday 's final Petra Kvitova wins Wuhan Open to book place at WTA Finals in Singapore
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is exploring executive orders to help prevent mass shootings in America , Vice President Joe Biden said Wednesday . "  The president is going to act . Executive orders , executive action , can be taken , " Biden told reporters before meetings with groups representing survivors of mass shootings . "  We have n't decided what this is yet , but we 're compiling it all with the help of the attorney general and all the rest of the Cabinet members . " Legislative action also is needed , Biden said . "  I 'm convinced we can affect the well-being of millions of Americans , and take thousands of people out of harm 's way , if we act responsibly , " he said . President Obama vowed last month that a new task force overseen by Biden will provide "  concrete proposals " by the end of January to reduce gun violence . The group , which includes an array of Cabinet members and government officials , was established in the wake of the massacre in Newtown , Connecticut , that left 27 people dead -- 20 of them elementary school children . In addition to gun laws , the group is looking at mental health care and what the president has described as a culture that often "  glorifies guns and violence . " CNN iReport : The gun control debate Biden 's brief remarks Wednesday came before what will likely be some of the most emotional testimony before the task force . Among those addressing the group to push for tougher gun laws is Colin Goddard of the Brady Campaign . He was shot four times in the 2007 Virginia Tech massacre , in which a gunman killed 32 people and himself . "  My job is to represent the voice of the overwhelming majority of Americans ... that want some comprehensive , common sense changes to our gun policy , " he told CNN Wednesday . "  There are common ground solutions that respect the Second Amendment . " Many gun sales take place without background checks , and "  that 's bad policy , " he argues . Conducting such checks "  does n't stop a law-abiding citizen from getting a gun . But somebody with a history of illness , felony record , they need to get checked . " The campaign 's phones have been "  ringing off the hook " since the Newtown massacre , he said . The task force will also hear from gun safety organizations Wednesday . Where do you stand ? Weigh in on Twitter Gun lobby faces challenge On Thursday , Biden 's group will hear from the other side : gun rights groups , including the National Rifle Association . The NRA has argued that it is committed to keeping people protected , but that a focus on stricter gun control is misguided . NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre has called for all U.S. schools to have armed guards NRA President David Keene later told CNN the group supports schools choosing whether they want armed guards . A rising chorus of voices is standing up against the NRA and the gun lobby 's sway over U.S. politics . Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , shot in the head in a mass shooting two years ago , and her husband Mark Kelly , a former Navy captain and astronaut , launched a new political action committee Tuesday to end what they called lawmakers ' "  fear " of the gun lobby . White House responds to petition to deport Piers Morgan CNN 's Piers Morgan has also garnered attention for speaking out against the influence of the gun lobby and pushing stricter gun control , which led more than 100,000 people to sign a petition on the White House website calling for him to be deported . "  Let 's not let arguments over the Constitution 's Second Amendment violate the spirit of its First , " White House spokesman Jay Carney wrote in a response Wednesday . "  Americans may disagree on matters of public policy and express those disagreements vigorously , but no one should be punished by the government simply because he or she expressed a view on the Second Amendment -- or any other matter of public concern , " Carney added . Carney 's response did not mention Morgan by name . Wal-Mart changes tune , will attend White House meeting The nation 's largest retailer , meanwhile , made news for reversing a decision -- and saying it will participate in a White House meeting . Wal-Mart initially said scheduling conflicts would prevent its "  experts " on gun control from attending . But on Wednesday it announced it will send representatives to the Thursday meeting . The company has had "  ongoing conversations with the administration , Congress ,  New York  Mayor  Michael  Bloomberg 's office , sportsmen groups , suppliers and others to listen and share our thoughts and experiences , " company spokesman David Tovar said in a statement to CNN . "  Knowing our senior leaders could not be in Washington this week , we spoke in advance with the vice president 's office to share our perspective , " he said . "  We underestimated the expectation to attend the meeting on Thursday in person , so we are sending an appropriate representative to participate . " Wal-Mart sells guns and ammunition . The future of gun laws : Weigh in on Facebook States , cities make their own moves Across the country , people are sharing their views on what Washington should decide . Among them are Californians who have packed town hall meetings . Some have spoken out in support of renewing a ban on assault weapons -- high-capacity weapons that have been used in numerous mass shootings . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a California Democrat , is pushing to reinstate a ban that expired in 2004 . But others at the town halls argue that banning those guns is n't the answer , and could even be a slippery slope toward banning all guns . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , in his annual State of the State address , said Wednesday his state must enact "  the toughest assault weapons ban in the nation , period . " "  Gun violence has been on a rampage as we know first hand and we know painfully . We must stop the madness , my friends , " he said . "  It has been enough . " Bloomberg , a longtime advocate of stricter gun control , is pushing for tough steps nationwide . In Connecticut , Gov. Dannel Malloy choked up discussing the Newtown shooting , and said "  more guns are not the answer . " "  Freedom is not a handgun on the hip of every teacher and security should not mean a guard posted outside every classroom , " he said Wednesday in the State of the State address . Burlington , Vermont , a city of less than 43,000 people , has already made a move of its own : passing a resolution that could lead to a ban on assault rifles and high-capacity magazines . The city council voted 10-3 in favor of the resolution , which will now be presented in public hearings and voted on by the public before going to the state legislature . Amid the cacophony of voices battling over the issue , two young former Marines have found themselves in a spotlight online , representing very different views . First , Joshua Boston posted on CNN iReport an open letter to Feinstein explaining why he would not abide by an assault weapons ban . "  I do not believe it is the government 's right to know what I own , " he wrote in the post , which went viral . "  Nor do I think it prudent to tell you what I own so that it may be taken from me by a group of people who enjoy armed protection yet decry me having the same a crime . " On Tuesday , Nick DiOrio responded with his own iReport . Marines do n't believe in following the law "  only when it suits us , " DiOrio wrote , calling Boston 's letter "  embarrassing because he makes Marines seem insensitive and uncaring . " DiOrio said he supports an assault weapons ban .	White House responds to petition calling for Piers Morgan to be deported Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy says "  more guns are not the answer " Burlington , Vermont , passed a resolution that could lead to an assault weapons ban Wal-Mart reversed a decision , saying it now will attend a Thursday meeting
Washington  CNN  -- MF Global declared bankruptcy Monday and has ceased trading . While most people would have never heard of MF Global , its bankruptcy may be seen as the first shoe dropping in the European financial crisis and as a clear indicator that the regulatory infrastructure of 2011 may not be sufficiently more solid than the structure that failed so miserably in 2008 . MF Global was one of 22 primary dealers authorized to trade U.S. government securities with the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . As a market maker in U.S. government paper , it was an insider 's insider . Only those entities believed to be of bulletproof financial security are selected as primary dealers . Jon Corzine , former CEO of Goldman Sachs as well as former New Jersey governor and U.S. senator , had been the high-profile CEO of MF Global since April 2010 . Under Corzine , MF Global expanded from its brokerage base and made a big move into proprietary trading , which is what spelled its downfall . MF Global 's Company Overview and Financial Overview , both dated October 2011 , tell a story quite different from that of a company about to plunge into insolvency . At the end of September , it touted $ 41.05 billion in net assets , $ 3.7 billion in available liquidity and $ 2.5 billion in total capital . It was able to sell $ 325 million in unsecured notes in August . It claimed "  solid risk management , " a "  strong capital position , " "  strong liquidity " and an "  extremely liquid and high quality balance sheet . " Although $ 41 billion sounds like a lot , MF Global was a small player compared with Lehman Brothers or Bear Stearns . MF Global is small enough to fail , and while capital markets are unlikely to seize up , investors , lenders and counterparties are likely to lose a good deal of money . These days , investors in companies such as MF Global are not just rich individuals and entities ; they are often pension funds and other entities that pool the funds of small investors . So what happened ? Last week , MF Global disclosed that it had $ 6.3 billion exposure to the shakiest of European sovereign debt . Its balance sheet was huge but terribly fragile . While it had lots of assets on its books , it also had a huge amount of borrowing . For every dollar of its own capital on its books , it had borrowed $ 40 , a leverage even greater than that of Lehman Brothers at the time of its collapse . Why is that a problem in a time when near-zero interest rates extend as far as the eye can see ? Because leverage is always treacherous and 40-to-1 leverage is madness . Even when interest rates are low , lenders demand security . When the value of that security goes down , the demand for margin -- additional collateral to secure the debt -- goes up . The plunge in the price of European sovereign debt meant that MF Global had to stump up more cash or easily marketable securities to its lenders so that they would have adequate security for their loans . A well capitalized , reasonably leveraged firm should be able to handle margin demands and survive . But with only 2.5 % or so of its assets representing capital rather than borrowed money , MF Capital could not find enough of its own cash to satisfy its lenders . On Tuesday , we learned that $ 700 million in customer funds were intermingled and unaccounted for , suggesting that client accounts may have been used to meet margin calls and stay afloat . It is the same lesson that hit funds such as Carlyle Capital . Leverage can amplify returns but is reckless in volatile markets as relatively small price movements will send apparently asset-rich companies into bankruptcy . So what happens now ? Well , it remains to be seen how deeply in a hole MF Global drove itself . Many will view the demise of MF Capital as just another bit of the "  creative destruction " of capitalism . The Republican candidates complain that Dodd-Frank , last year 's financial reform bill passed in response to the credit crisis , is stifling healthy risk-taking . The reality is that Dodd-Frank does not do enough to prevent financial institutions from taking excessive risks with investors ' money . While it imposes leverage requirements on banks , those requirements are still quite limited , and institutions not regulated by federal banking agencies are not restricted in their risk-taking in any meaningful way . If their huge bets on European debts had paid off , Corzine and his colleagues would have added to their immense wealth . All of their incentives were to borrow as much money as possible so that small price movements in their direction would make them rich and large price movements in their direction would make them unimaginably rich . Their debts did not pay off ; they are still rich , but there are many others who will be much poorer . Leverage is the steroid of modern finance that creates the hazardous incentives to bet big , keep the winnings and dump the losses onto others . What MF Global shows is that the problem is not too much regulation but too little . Without meaningful leverage restrictions on borrowers and meaningful lending restrictions on those who are willing to underwrite this steroidal debt expansion , MF Global is likely to be the tip of yet another iceberg . And we have yet to recover from the last financial Titanic . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Lewis .	Eric Lewis : MF Global 's demise shows regulation today no more effective than in 2008 MF Global could be the "  first shoe dropping " in European financial crisis , he writes Lewis says investors in firms such as MF Global often are pension funds , small players Lewis : More , not less , regulation needed on taking excessive risks with investors ' money
CNN  -- Two people were killed over the weekend when they were exposed to toxic gases on the ship once used for the ABC television series "  The Love Boat , " according to the company that recently bought the vessel . The ship , which had just completed its final voyage and was scheduled to be dismantled , was damaged while entering the port of Aliaga in Turkey 's Izmir province and began taking on water in a storage area under the main engine . Crews on Saturday began work to drain the water , deploying electrical pumps . Engine-exhaust buildup led to the toxic exposure , according to Izmir Ship Recycling Co. , the firm that recently purchased the ship for 2.5 million euros  about $ 3.33 million  . Six other people were injured and were released from the hospital after receiving treatment , according to Izmir Ship Recycling . The Aliaga attorney general 's office has launched an investigation , but investigators have n't been able to reach the accident site . Izmir Ship Recycling has to finish removing water and turn the ship off its side so authorities can continue the probe . The boat 's original name was Pacific Princess . It is 171 meters  about 560 feet  long and 24 meters  about 78 feet  wide . The ship was used in the ABC series between 1977 and 1987 . Once retired from the series , the vessel was renamed Pacific and was used for Mediterranean Sea tours . Dismantling of the ship is expected to take between seven and eight months .	Two people reportedly die from exposure to toxic gas on ship featured on "  Love Boat " Turkish authorities are investigating The ship is set to be dismantled after Turkish company bought it The ship was used on "  The Love Boat " series from 1977 to 1987
CNN  -- Every debate seems destined to have a break-out meme . In the first round , it was Big Bird . This time it was Mitt Romney 's binder full of women , which instantly became a trending hashtag , Twitter handle , a Facebook group and a Tumblr .  Talking about his effort to hire women for his cabinet , Romney said "  And I brought us whole binders full of , of women . " Other popular , bipartisan bits of mockery covered the far livelier and sometimes cringe-inducing tone of the debate , shout outs to Mr. Gas , Mr. Coal and Mr. Oil , the candidates difficulty saying the name Lorraine and the audience members themselves . Twitter says there were 7.2 million tweets during the 90-minute debate . The most popular moments were an immigration question , Obama 's comment to Romney on China and Romney 's response to a question about raising taxes . Here are some of our favorite tweets of the night . Share yours in the comments . Elon James White -- I feel like Obama 's staff stabbed him in the chest w / the adrenaline needle from Pulp Fiction . THAT DUDE IS AWAKE ! #twib2012 #debates adamsorensen -- Is there anything more awkward than putting two guys on stools 10 feet apart on a huge stage and asking them to look natural for 90 minutes ? Andy Borowitz -- Romney : "  Jeremy , if you are illegal , you can get a job working at my house . " #debate Brian Braiker -- i hope the guy with a mustache has a spot in line . and i hope he stands up to say "  Mr President , I mustache you a question . " Dane Cook -- Dear everyone in the town hall #debate . Stop reading your questions off your cards like its a hostage note . Chase Mitchell -- We 're about three seconds away from the knife fight from "  Beat It . " #debates dansinker -- I FEEL REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE RIGHT NOW . Samantha Bee -- When Obama is talking , Romney makes the same face my Catholic grandmother would make at a Wiccan wedding . #debate Matt Roller -- Before you accuse Romney of not caring about the unemployed , keep in mind he 's been trying to get a new job for a YEAR . #debate ditzkoff -- Mitt Romney read very different Mr. Men books than I did . #mrcoal #mrgas #mroil pourmecoffee -- Romney : I am pro-choice , but only for deporting yourself . Jordan Zakarin -- I agree with Romney that we really do n't need another ` Fast and the Furious ' sequel . Enough , Vin Diesel . Bipartisan consensus ! Patton Oswalt -- "  Binders Full of Women " is my favorite Motley Crue album . #debate Adam Sternbergh -- "  Binders full of women " is what they find in a serial killer 's apartment . Steve Agee -- Fonzie had binders full of women too . #debate #littleblackbook Elise Foley -- Oh god , I just realized that now people will dress as binders for Halloween . Bilge Ebiri -- Obama : "  I passed a law allowing women to get equal pay . " Romney : "  I hired women once . " #debate Josh Tyrangiel -- Romney just locked up the Welsh illegal vote . ThePresObama -LSB- Not the real Obama -RSB- -- Romney is very tough on China . He will only eat off of the most rare and expensive sets available . #debate2012 Clay Johnson -- Watching the debates to figure out who to vote for is like watching the World Series to figure out which team to root for . Dave Weigel -- This panel of undecided voters from Daily Kos threads is asking some good questions . Pat Healy -- Fred Armisen was great tonight as every audience member . #Debate David Weinberger -- Well , there goes the gangbanger vote ! Nice job , Mr. President ! #debate Feministing -- Guns do n't kill people . Single mothers kill people . Andy Borowitz -- It 's as if the Romney from the first debate is tied up in a Scooby-Doo warehouse somewhere . #debate Team Coco -- You know who won this #debate ? The shadowy townhall industry . Jesse Tyler Ferguson -- That debate was better than a real housewives reunion . CNN 's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	The second presidential debate was spirited , providing plenty of fodder for Twitter The town hall format gave Twitter new characters to make fun of The second of three presidential debates was held at Hofstra University in New York
Washington  CNN  -- When President Obama signed the bill repealing the so-called "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , it did not immediately end the military 's 17-year ban on gays serving openly . In fact , it will take a series of actions to make that happen , and no one at the Pentagon seems to know when the actual end date might be . "  I do n't think anybody has any idea how long this will take , " Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell told reporters Monday . Even gays currently serving , albeit quietly , had muted reactions to the Senate 's vote to end the ban . Three such service members , speaking to CNN on the condition we would n't use their real names , all used the word "  relief " when asked about the repeal . Obama signs ` do n't , ask ' repeal Before the ban is completely lifted , the president , the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff will have to certify that the repeal can move ahead without negatively affecting unit cohesion and military readiness . And before that can happen , the Department of Defense will have to go through countless regulations and rules to see if they need to be changed to reflect the end of the ban . Clifford Stanley , the undersecretary of defense for personnel and readiness , will oversee that part of the process , with input from the individual services . He and his staff will be "  reviewing and revising policies , directives , establishing the education and training materials , developing communication plans on how we are going to communicate with the force . " That 's where the mystery begins as far as the timing . "  I ca n't put any kind of a timeline on it , " Col. David Lapan , a Pentagon spokesman , said . " "  We plan to move out carefully , deliberately and purposefully to implement it , but right now we are in the planning stages and I do n't have any specifics for you . " The closest Lapan would come to predicting how long the ban might remain in effect was when he said the process "  would not be slow-rolled . " So far , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who is famous for setting hard deadlines and demanding that his subordinates meet them , has set no deadline for completion of this process . Part of the problem is that so little has been done so far . The Pentagon released an 87-page "  Support Plan for Implementation " of the DADT repeal . It spells out how the Pentagon should handle a myriad of issues raised by the repeal , including : • "  prohibit the creation of separate bathroom and shower facilities based on sexual orientation " ; • "  prohibit berthing or billeting  housing  assignments based on sexual orientation " ; • "  no new procedures will be developed for the early separation of Service members based on opposition to repeal or to serving and living with gay and lesbian Service members . " But the plan is all recommendations -- nothing is set in stone . Even if each recommendation is accepted , there are few details in the plan and they 'd all need to be worked out . Even after Stanley finishes his portion of the process and the president , secretary and chairman certify it , the repeal still does n't become law . Another 60 days must pass before the repeal is official . Only then can a homosexual serve openly without fear of being discharged . One gay active-duty service member said getting it all done quickly is important . "  The longer we drag this out , the more confused we get , and the more lack of clarity we have and the messier the situation happens , " said "  JD Smith " a military officer who is also a leader of OutServe , an advocacy group for gay troops . The gay service members that CNN spoke to said when that day comes , do n't expect anything dramatic . "  It 's like Y2K . Everyone is making such a big deal out of it , but the next day ... everyone 's going to be like , oh , this was n't a big deal at all , " "  Smith " said . "  John " is a naval officer . "  I do n't have any big plans to come out now , and I think I probably speak for a lot of other service members in my same position . There 's not going to be a huge rush to make big announcements just because the Senate has passed this law , " he said . "  William " is an Air Force staff sergeant based in Germany . "  I will be reserved about the subject , because I do n't think the military needs to be in my personal life . " While the three men said the repeal of DADT wo n't have much short-term impact on their lives , they all agreed that in the long run , they 'll likely stay in the military longer . "  Had this law not passed , I was seriously considering being done with the military . It 's very hard to live under this policy , " "  Smith " said . "  I was not going to re-enlist unless this policy was taken away ; now I have an open path . I love the military . I will definitely re-enlist . " Earlier this year , a Washington think tank invited military officers from countries that have long allowed gays to serve openly . Several of those officers said their countries adopted their rules almost overnight with no adverse effects . They recommended that the U.S. do the same . But that wo n't be the case . It will be months , at least , before gays can serve openly in the U.S. military . By then it 's possible Gates will no longer be leading the Pentagon . He 's already said he plans to retire next year , and Morrell said he does n't know if Gates plans to stay until the process is complete .	No one in the Pentagon seems to know how long it will take to enact repeal Pentagon 's "  Plan for Implementation " is all recommendations "  The longer we drag this out , the more confused we get , " gay service member says Gay service members say repeal makes them more likely to stay in the military
Dubai  CNN  It 's with some trepidation that I set off for the Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai . As the only Gulf national in the CNN team , I am expected to be familiar with camel racing , an ancient tradition in the region . But despite my attempts to dress in a kandora , a UAE national dress , my modern outlook on life means I am a total outsider in this world . A cheerful farm owner leads us inside the majlis -- meeting area -- where the camel owners are gathering . The wide space of the majlis feels like an ornate theater . The camel owners are sitting on the floor , eating the a ` aish , a traditional Arabic dish of fish and rice , laid out in front of them . The conversation is loud and exciting . We take our place on the floor and slowly , the world of camel racing begins to open up to us . The conversation is all about camels ; the best breeds , famous old champions , training methods , bad losers and potential winners . Over Arabic coffee and dates I am told that remote controlled robots have replaced children as camel jockeys -- this primal sport is moving with the times . Once lunch is over , we head to the track for the racing to begin . There will be 14 races through the afternoon . And in addition to the honor and prestige , the camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners . It 's surprising how spectacular camel racing can be . Compared to the grace of thoroughbred racehorses , camels are indeed ungainly creatures . But 20 of these huge beasts pounding around a track in the desert is really a sight to behold , their hooves throwing up a cloud of dust in their wake . Their owners hang out of their four-by-fours , shouting encouragement while trying to keep up with their charges . It is oddly beautiful . The winning camels are paraded with pride , their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron and their owners applauded for their efforts and rewarded with cash prizes . As we excitedly watch the final race draw to a close , the sun sets across the sky of this metropolis . Camel racing bears no relevance to the modernity embraced here , but this old-fashioned sport is equally as fascinating .	Camel racing is a centuries-old tradition in the Gulf Modern technology is changing the sport Camels compete for thousands of dollars in prize money
CNN  -- "  What time of day do you think we should be open ? " veteran public relations executive Marian Salzman asks her staff . "  10 , 10:30 , " comes the response from several 20-something employees , along with a few giggles . Salzman is n't about to keep the doors closed until 10:30 a.m. , but she 's listening . The chief executive officer of Euro RSCG Worldwide PR has been doing plenty of listening to her staff of about 80 . The vast majority of them are members of the millennial generation -- born after 1980 -- and some of their requests might be considered audacious by executives many years their senior . Millennials at Euro RSCG have asked for free food , which Google offers ; a juice bar ; a yoga/Pilates room ; even reimbursement for a personal trainer . Saltzman did n't grant any of those perks , but she understands that they may not seem outrageous for someone with a millennial mindset . "  They want the workplace to recognize that they 're not 9-to-5 people . They 're not people that are ever going to wear gray flannel suits , " Salzman said . For many millennials , the priority is , "  life first , work second . " "  I have a girlfriend . I have family . I have friends . And these are all things that are very important , because we work to live and not the other way around , " Euro RSCG staffer Greg Housset said . As millennials play an increasingly important role in the work force , their likes and dislikes are changing the way America works and forcing a growing number of executives in a wide range of industries to change policies and management style . Millennials have seen their parents laid off and burned out by corporate America , so life/work balance is especially important to them , management experts say . "  If you want to get the best people , you have to meet them halfway , " said Robert DelCampo , associate professor at the University of New Mexico 's Anderson School of Management . "  Being inflexible wo n't get you anywhere . " So , Euro-RSCG does permit very casual dress : Tattoos are on display , as are toes sticking out of flip-flops . The company sponsors rooftop happy hours three days a week , offers half-day summer Fridays and gives time off for volunteer work . Hiring director Allison Pinter recently returned from a six-month volunteer stint with Yele Haiti in the aftermath of the country 's devastating earthquake . "  I 'm really lucky I got to do that and then come back to the job that I 've loved for five years , " Pinter said . Salzman feels it 's best not to manage from an authoritarian position . Rather , she strives to be a leader , peer and student of her young employees . Why ? Because they are plugged into the social media revolution that is changing the way the world communicates , including corporate America . "  They 're the new marketplace . They 're the new brains . They come with all the social media tools and tricks embedded in them as natives , " she said . The public relations veteran recognizes that she needs to be flexible enough to accommodate as many requests as possible from her young staffers , requests she says she would n't have dared made when she was starting her career in the early '80s . Managing millennials requires executives to check their egos and build up a thick skin . Not only are young employees demanding , they 're quick to voice criticism , even online for the world to see , something Salzman has experienced . But she 's put aside inclinations to exert her power in favor of recognizing the potential of her young employees , who she argues are anything but slackers . "  You 're not the smartest person in the room anymore . You may be the most experienced . You may be the wisest . You 're not the smartest , " she said . It 's paid off for Euro-RSCG Worldwide PR . The firm has enjoyed strong growth under Salzman , with clients including Kmart and pharmaceutical firms Sanofi and Bayer . The millennial style of working can yield success if the boss is willing to throw out the old rulebook .	"  Life first , work second " for many millennials in work force Their likes and dislikes are changing the way America works Managing millennials requires checked egos , thick skin
London  CNN  -- We may not immediately equate the activities of archaeologists to trash sifting . Or imagine that the glass-encased artifacts in museums might be one-time refuse . But quite often , this is exactly the case . Studying ancient trash from around the world gives archaeologists and historians the chance to understand the habits that defined people 's daily lives , said Dr. Richard Meadow , Director of the Peabody Museum 's Zooarchaeology Laboratory and Senior Lecturer on Anthropology at Harvard University . It may not be glamorous but , he said , "  much of what archaeology knows about the past comes from trash , if trash is defined as the products of human consumption . Trash is a proxy for human behavior . " The Peabody Museum is staging a series of talks and events , entitled Trash Talk : The Anthropology of Waste until Spring 2012 , on the importance of trash to our understanding of human behavior , both in the past and now . Meadow , who has excavated sites including the ancient Indus city of Harappa in present-day Pakistan , has gleaned much from studying centuries-old trash . Early dumping grounds , or "  middens , " are often archaeological and anthropological gold-mines , he said , not just for what can be found there but for what they tell us about ancient civilizations , what they consumed and how they organized their urban space to deal with their waste . "  The way that ancient cities used to grow and change through time is actually very much related to the evolution of trash , " Meadow explained . Ancient people , he said , quite literally lived with their trash , usually dumping it in the streets outside their homes when it was n't collected and deposited in special pits . Sometimes , he said , whole cities would be filled with trash , to the point where the street levels would rise , submerging homes and forcing people to build on top of it . While this might sound revolting and unhygienic to us now , ancient peoples , said Meadow , became acclimatized to it . And they were at least adept at recycling their trash . "  I think almost all civilizations recycled in one way or another , " Meadow said , explaining that ancient peoples across the world would recycle organic matter as fuel , while inorganic refuse would be used to build the foundations of a house . Precious metals , he said , would be melted down and re-shaped for a variety of tools . "  It 's only when you get to the modern period of consumerism that you get this culture of obsolescence , " he said . Dr. Jose Remesal Rodriguez is a professor of Ancient History at the University of Barcelona and an expert in the social and economic history of the Roman Empire , with a special interest in the production and trade of food in the ancient world . He is the director of excavations at an ancient dump site in Rome called Monte Testaccio . An artificial hill composed of more than 25 million discarded Roman amphorae -- or vase-shaped containers -- it tells us much about the ancient Roman trade in olive oil , which these amphorae were used to transport . "  A dump can be a particularly interesting source  for finding out  about the daily life  and  development of the civilization that created it , " said Remesal . From the shards found at Monte Testaccio , he said , archaeologists were able to trace the evolution of food policy in the Roman Empire . "  Testaccio is a very special dump , which gives us information about a concrete product -- olive oil -- and the relations between the capital of the Empire and one of its provinces , " Remesal explained . This prizing of ancient trash may seem at odds with our attitudes to waste today . But according to Meadow , scientists are already at work studying our trash and what it says about us . He cites as an example American archaeologist William Rathje , director of the "  Garbage Project " in Arizona , which has sifted through and studied garbage from 1973 to the present day . "  Some amazing statistics have come out of this -- how much food gets thrown out in the trash that was probably OK to eat , and other things hardly used that were thrown away , " said Meadow . "  It 's an incredible array of material , " he concluded . Dr Richard Meadow will give a lecture entitled ` The archaeologist 's view of trash ' at the Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology on October 6 .	Ancient trash is an important resource for archaeologists Trash pits or "  middens " tell us much about the daily life of our forebears , according to archaeologists Peabody Museum is staging a series of lectures about the importance of trash to archaeology Scientists are studying our trash right now to find out what it says about our culture
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was inevitable that a tragedy on the scale of Hillsborough , when 96 Liverpool fans were crushed to death during an FA Cup semifinal with Nottingham Forest , would have a transformative effect on English football . A Liverpool supporter Wednesday , outside Anfield . Ninety-six fans died from the 1989 Hillsborough disaster . But there was little reason to believe 20 years ago that , rather than being pushed even further towards the margins of society , the sport was on the brink of a revolution that would give birth to a global sporting phenomenon . Even before Hillsborough , it had seemed as if there was something irredeemably rotten at the heart of English football . Hooliganism , a scourge synonymous with the English game , had receded from its peak in the 1970s but English clubs were outlawed from European competition after rampaging Liverpool fans caused a wall to collapse at Brussels ' Heysel Stadium before the 1985 European Cup final , causing the deaths of 39 people , mostly supporters of the Italian side Juventus . British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , showing little understanding or patience for the traditions of the sport , had virtually ghettoized fans , promoting a scheme to have each supporter issued with an identity card . On the field , sides such as Liverpool , Tottenham Hotspur and Nottingham Forest were renowned for their attractive play but elsewhere a corrosive cult of long ball football pervaded the game . That trend seemed to find vindication when arch-exponents Wimbledon , who in the course of a decade had bullied and scrapped their way through four divisions to reach the top flight , defeated Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup final , prompting match commentator John Motson to declare that "  the Crazy Gang have beaten the Culture Club . " With its clubs banned from Europe , many top British players opted to leave England altogether -- Gary Lineker and Mark Hughes to Barcelona , Glenn Hoddle to Monaco , Chris Waddle to Marseille -- adding further to the sense of terminal malaise . Hillsborough had not been caused by hooliganism but the tragedy was a product of the environment that hooliganism had created ; stadiums resembling decrepit fortresses , the fans caged inside steel bars and heavy-handed policing which treated all supporters equally -- as potential troublemakers . Coupled with Heysel and a fire at Bradford in 1985 in which 56 fans died , it also served to reinforce the belief that going to a football match was something which could put your life in danger . In "  The Last Game : Love , Death and Football , " a book examining the lasting impact of the events of 1989 on the sport , author Jason Cowley describes Hillsborough as English football 's "  psychological moment , the point of no return . " "  The culture of the game had to change definitely if football was ever to be perceived as anything more than the preserve of the white , working class male , a theatre of hate and of violence , often racist and misogynistic excesses , if it was to survive at all , " says Cowley . English football not only survived but within a few years had reinvented itself , in the elite "  Premier League " division of the country 's top clubs at least , as an internationally recognized super brand capable of attracting the world 's best players and broadcast around the planet . The engine for this transformation , in the wake of Hillsborough , was the Taylor Report , an inquiry into the causes of the disaster which called for the steel fences inside grounds to be dismantled and for the phasing out of the traditional terraces of standing fans with all-seater stadiums . Initially clubs received government funding to help them meet the costs but the sport was about to receive an injection of cash that would radically change its financial prospects . Despite its poor reputation , there remained a huge appetite for televised football -- ironically , itself a by-product of the fact that many supporters were no longer going to matches . Realizing this , the country 's top clubs broke away from the game 's traditional power structure , setting up the Premier League and selling TV rights for # 191 million  $ 286 million  to media tycoon Rupert Murdoch 's newly established satellite television venture , BSkyB . The money was a shot in the arm for football , while Sky 's coverage regenerated interest in the sport by repackaging it as something shiny , exotic and exciting . On a Europe-wide scale , the replacement of the old knockout format European Cup with the Champions League achieved something similar , creating a clique of continential superpowers . The television rights boom also convinced many in the sport that football could actually be profitable . Some clubs raised more cash by floating on stock markets and others , such as Bolton , Middlesbrough and Sunderland , invested in shiny flying saucer-like new stadiums . But the success of the Premier League also owed something to events on the pitch . If Hillsborough marked a nadir for English football , the 1990 World Cup in Italy -- and Paul Gascoigne 's tears during the national side 's epic semifinal defeat by West Germany -- offered a moment of catharsis that rekindled many casual fan 's residual love for the game . Subtle changes to the rules implemented worldwide by FIFA , including banning back passes to goalkeepers , automatic sendings off for professional fouls and changing the offside rule to give the benefit of the doubt to forward players , gradually made the game a more attractive spectacle . Meanwhile , the emergence of Alex Ferguson 's young and exciting Manchester United team as the Premier League 's dominant force , perfectly captured the spirit of the new age yet grounded the game in the traditions of the past . Finally , the 1995 Bosman Ruling , which granted players across Europe freedom of movement when out of contract , and the end of restrictions on the number of foreign players teams could field , created an international transfer market which lifted the horizons of the English game and brought genuine world class stars including Eric Cantona and Dennis Bergkamp , and eventually Cristiano Ronaldo and Fernando Torres , to the Premier League . Still , for many football fans , the glamour and wealth of the Premier League , with its homogenized stadiums and corporate entertainment suites -- in which clubs are bought and sold by global plutocrats from Siberia to Texas via Thailand and Abu Dhabi -- represents a betrayal of the sport 's traditional values . "  There 's still a powerful nostalgia among fans of my generation for a lost , less aggressively commercial era of football , when the game seemed less cynically concerned with exploiting the loyalty of those who pay to watch and with selling itself to a global audience , " says Cowley . Yet in a week when four Premier League sides featured in the quarterfinals of the Champions League and public appetite for the game appears insatiable , it is hard to avoid the conclusion that English football is in a better state than anyone who witnessed the horror at Hillsborough 20 years ago could ever have dared believe . More importantly , it is virtually inconceivable to imagine the circumstances in which 96 fans died ever being repeated in an English stadium .	English football has been transformed in 20 years since Hillsborough tragedy Disaster created impetus for all-seater grounds , improvements in infrastructure Top clubs also benefited from creation of Premier League and sale of TV rights The English Premier League is now the world 's most watched sporting league
CNN  -- Two teens who , in separate incidents , threatened to carry out similar attacks as the massacre in Newtown were promptly arrested this week -- a sign that law enforcement officials have taken an aggressive no-tolerance approach against potential copycats . In California , Sergio Cabada posted messages online that he "  both supported the actions of the school shooter in Connecticut and had thought of possibly committing similar acts , " police in the city of Fairfield said . Police learned of the statements about 9 a.m. Monday . By Monday afternoon , detectives had tracked them down to the 18-year-old in the northern California city of Suisun . Cabada was arrested and faces felony charges of criminal threats , police said . "  Several items were seized from the residence in an effort to both complete the criminal investigation and to prevent any future acts of violence by Cabada , " a police statement said . In the second case , police in Tennessee arrested Shawn Lenz , 19 , after he allegedly posted threatening messages on Facebook . Lenz , in a post Sunday , wrote : "  feel like going on a rampage , kinda like the shooting where that one guy killed some teachers and a bunch of students , " CNN affiliate WSMV reported . He was arrested the same day and charged with terrorism , harassment through the Internet and possession of drug paraphernalia , the affiliate reported . In school shootings , patterns and warning signs The arrests come after investigators in the Connecticut elementary school shooting issued stern warnings to potential copycats . Last week , Connecticut State Police Lt. J. Paul Vance warned that threats would be "  investigated statewide and federally and prosecution will take place when people perpetrating this information are identified . " However , such arrests may prove difficult to prosecute , legal experts say . "  This country is based on freedom of speech , " said Ryan Calo , a law professor with the University of Washington . "  Saying things about the Connecticut shooting somewhat in a threatening manner , that is not going to be actionable , for the most part . " But , he added , "  If you intentionally interfere with an investigation , mislead officers trying to conduct an investigation on purpose , well then , yes absolutely , you 're going to be prosecuted . " There may be another way to prosecute suspects but that also raises issues , said Calo . "  Another is where you intentionally create a public panic , " he said . "  But understand what the prosecution would have to show is the post or the tweet was done intentionally , was done on purpose , in order to interfere with the investigation in order to create a public panic and that is a relatively high bar to show . " Strangers inspired to honor Newtown victims CNN 's Tina Burnside and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	The arrests of the teens are for separate acts , one in California , one in Tennessee The suspects may be difficult to prosecute , legal expert says
CNN  Azerbaijan is an oil and gas rich nation that hugs the western shore of the Caspian Sea . Bordering Iran , Georgia , Russia and Armenia , it has a population of 9.6 million people , according to the CIA World Factbook . Roughly a quarter of the country 's residents live in the capital , Baku , a cosmopolitan urban center that combines ultra-modern skyscrapers with a historic Walled City that is recognized by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site . Islam is the most prominent religion in Azerbaijan although , according to the country 's government , there are also minority Jewish and Orthodox Christian communities . Azerbaijan gained formal independence from the former USSR in 1991 after initially declaring its national sovereignty in 1988 . Since then , it has been locked in an ongoing territorial dispute with ethnic Armenian separatists . A six-year conflict between 1988 and 1994 saw separatists , backed by troops from Armenia , and Azerbaijani forces fight over the Nagorno-Karabakh and Nakichevan regions in the southwest of the country . A ceasefire was agreed in 1994 , but by then the separatists , who are seeking full independence from Azerbaijan , had taken control of Nagorno-Karabakh and seven surrounding provinces . Azerbaijan still claims sovereignty over these areas but has tried to resolve the issue by diplomatic means in the period since , according to the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office . But violence continues , and at least three Armenian soldiers were killed in clashes with Azerbaijani troops near Nagorno-Karabakh in March . Much of Azerbaijan 's history has revolved around its vast oil and gas reserves . Ancient fire-worshipping civilization the Zoroastrians erected temples in the vicinity of burning gas vents at various sites across the country as far back as the third century , according to the Azerbaijan tourist board . These temples are now popular tourist attractions , with one of the most well preserved situated in Surakhani on the outskirts of Baku . At the beginning of the 20th century , however , Azerbaijanis hit on a new use for their bountiful natural resources -- industrial fuel . Vast sums of money poured into the country to fund oil exploration , and at one stage it was one of the world 's major oil centers . Nowadays , Azerbaijan has a major role in oil exporting and is a major shareholder in an oil pipeline that runs from the Caspian Sea to Ceyhan in Turkey . In recent years , Azerbaijan has attempted to diversify its economy and reduce its dependence on its natural resources . The country has developed successful construction , banking , retail and real estate sectors , although these were hit by the global financial downturn . Economic growth reached double digit figures between 2006 and 2008 before sliding back to 4.5 % in 2014 , according to the CIA World Factbook . Like many emerging market economies experiencing rapid growth and with access to vast natural resources , Azerbaijan has been impacted by corruption . Transparency International ranked the country 126th out of 178 countries in its Corruption Perceptions Index 2014 , although the Azerbaijani government maintains it is attempting to eradicate graft . Azerbaijan has built closer ties with regional and international partners in recent years . The country joined the Council of Europe -- which aims to develop a common legal and democratic area across the continent -- in 2001 , and works in conjunction with a consortium of western oil companies to extract its abundant natural resources . It is also working towards the legal and regulatory reforms that would enable accession to the World Trade Organization , according to the U.S Department of State . In October 2011 , Azerbaijan was awarded one of the six non-permanent seats on the U.N. Security Council . From January 2012 , the country sat alongside permanent members of the Security Council -- France , China , Russia , the U.K. and the U.S. -- for two years . Culturally , Azerbaijan has also been looking to raise its profile internationally . In 2011 , the country won the Eurovision Song Contest , a continent-wide musical competition . As a result of this success , it hosted the Eurovision in Baku in May , 2012 , which the country 's state broadcaster said gave it the opportunity to further display its culture and traditions to the whole of Europe . On June 12th , Azerbaijan brings up the curtain on the first-ever European Games when its capital , Baku , welcomes some 6,000 athletes to this inaugural sporting festival . The Games , which will take place every four years , were brought into being at a vote by members of the European Olympic Committee  EOC  in 2012 and announced at a meeting of the body 's General Assembly in Rome that December . Thirty-eight of the 49 EOC members backed the Games , which provide a European equivalent of the multi-sport Asian Games and the Pan-American Games , both of which have been part of the calendar since 1951 . Azerbaijan wants to put itself and its capital at centre stage , with sports minister Azad Rahimov saying in an interview with the Guardian newspaper : "  The main important thing is to position our country on the map of the world and our country on the map of Europe . "  The best instrument to do that is sport and culture . Sport has a bigger potential for reaching the most people . "	Azerbaijan is a small nation that achieved independence from the USSR in 1991 The country hugs the shores of the Caspian Sea and sits upon vast oil and gas deposits Azerbaijan 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years
Washington  CNN  -- More than 200 federal , state and local law enforcement personnel have been assigned to an operation intended to find who was responsible for Saturday 's fatal shootings of three people linked to the U.S. consulate in Cuidad Juarez , Mexico , an official said . Among the agencies involved in Operation Knock Down -- taking place in southern New Mexico and in the vicinity of El Paso , Texas -- are the FBI and the Drug Enforcement Administration , said DEA spokesman David Ausiello . El Paso is across the Rio Grande from Ciudad Juarez . A law enforcement official said investigators believe that there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca , a gang that operates in both cities , and the killings . The official said that mistaken identity has not been ruled out . A relative of U.S. consulate worker Lesley Ann Enriquez said Wednesday that the 35-year-old woman was four months pregnant with a boy when she was shot dead . Enriquez 's husband , 34-year-old Arthur Redelfs , was also killed . He was a 10-year veteran of the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office . The couple was fired on in their SUV as they left a birthday party at the U.S. consulate . Their 7-month-old daughter , Rebecca , who was in the back of the SUV , was unhurt . A third victim , who had also left the party , was identified as Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , 37 , a state police officer who was married to a Mexican employee of the U.S. consulate . His wife was not traveling with him , but two of their children , ages 4 and 7 , were in the car and were wounded , officials said . "  We have all come together to find Barrio Azteca members as part of a major intelligence effort , " said Andrea Simmons , a public information officer for the FBI in El Paso . In addition to the FBI and the DEA , other organizations involved are the Immigration and Customs Enforcement , U.S. Customs and Border Protection , the El Paso Police Department , the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office and the Texas Department of Public Safety . "  Part of this is being done to generate leads regarding the ongoing investigation in Juarez as well as an opportunity to gather information on the location of Eduardo Ravelo , one of the top 10 fugitives , " she said . The FBI is offering $ 100,000 for information leading to the arrest of Ravelo , who is accused of being a leader of Barrio Azteca . This week , Mexican President Felipe Calderon made his third visit in slightly more than a month to Ciudad Juarez . Its more than 2,600 drug-related deaths last year made it the most violent city in Mexico . No official numbers are available , but more than 400 killings have been reported in local media this year . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this story .	Hundreds of law enforcement officers assigned to Operation Knock Down Among possible links being investigated is Barrio Azteca gang Three people connected to U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez killed Saturday
CNN  -- Authorities who seized $ 8,500 and assorted jewelry from a Tennessee man after a traffic stop in east Texas have agreed to return the property after his case drew attention from CNN . Police in the small East Texas town of Tenaha are accused of unjustly taking valuables from motorists . Roderick Daniels said police in Tenaha , Texas , took the money in October 2007 after they stopped him for doing 37 mph in a 35-mph zone . He said police threatened him with money-laundering charges and promised not to prosecute if he signed over the cash , which Daniels said was to buy a new car . Daniels and other motorists who have been stopped by Tenaha police are part of a lawsuit seeking to end what plaintiff 's lawyer David Guillory calls a systematic fleecing of drivers passing through the town of about 1,000 . On Friday , after Shelby County District Attorney Lynda Russell refused repeated requests to discuss cases like Daniels ' with CNN , her office filed papers dropping its claim on his property . "  I just feel blessed , " Daniels said . "  I am happy everything is going good right now . ... I just want to celebrate . " Texas law allows police to confiscate drug money and other personal property they think is used in the commission of a crime . If no charges are filed or the person is acquitted , the property has to be returned . Russell issued a statement through her attorneys denying impropriety , and George Bowers , Tenaha 's longtime mayor , says his police follow the law . But Guillory , who brought the lawsuit challenging the seizures , called cases like Daniels ' "  a shakedown " and "  a piracy operation . " Guillory said authorities in Tenaha , about 180 miles east of Dallas , seized $ 3 million from 2006 to 2008 . In about 150 cases , virtually all involving African-American or Latino motorists , the seizures were improper , he said . All defendants in the lawsuit deny wrongdoing . In a written statement , Russell 's attorneys said the prosecutor "  has used and continues to use prosecutorial discretion ... and is in compliance with Texas law , the Texas constitution and the United States Constitution . " But the attention paid to Tenaha has led to an effort by Texas lawmakers to tighten the state 's forfeiture laws .	Tenaha , Texas , police confiscated money in 2007 after traffic stop Roderick Daniels was stopped for driving 37 mph in a 35-mph zone He and others who had property taken have filed lawsuit Town 's officials say they have done nothing wrong
CNN  -- Veteran British broadcaster David Frost , best known for his series of interviews with disgraced U.S. President Richard Nixon , has died . He was 74 . His death was reported by the BBC , which aired many of his shows , and by Al Jazeera English , where he also worked . The BBC published a statement from Frost 's family asking for privacy "  at this difficult time . " The family said Frost spent Saturday evening giving a speech on a cruise ship , where he suffered a heart attack . He 's survived by his wife of 30 years and three children . "  My heart goes out to David Frost 's family , " British Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted Sunday morning . "  He could be -- and certainly was with me -- both a friend and a fearsome interviewer . " Frost 's interviews with Nixon , and the story behind them , were portrayed in the play and film "  Frost/Nixon , " written by Peter Morgan . In a 2009 interview , Frost told CNN he did not see the interviews as "  an intellectual ` Rocky , ' " as Morgan called them . Nixon at one point let down his guard , telling Frost , "  I 'm saying when the president does it , that means it 's not illegal . " For many viewers , that moment cemented Nixon 's infamy . More than 30 years later , Frost remembered Nixon as a surprisingly awkward figure who , while once discussing what they 'd done the previous evening , asked the host , "  Did you do any fornicating ? " "  It was amazing to discover how ... hopeless he was at small talk , " Frost told CNN . "  I mean , here was this incredible professional politician , a great pro . And he 'd never learned small talk . " Watch a 2009 CNN interview with David Frost In a 2011 interview with CNN , Frost praised former U.S. President George H.W. Bush . "  He was wise , " Frost said . "  He was cautious , he knew what he was determined to do . " But it was n't all serious interviews with politicians . Charlie Courtauld worked with Frost in his later years at Al Jazeera English . "  What was remarkable about Sir David was his ability to put any interviewee at ease , from the most high and mighty to an ordinary person in the street , " Courtauld said in a statement . "  He found interest in anybody . Whoever he was interviewing would realise that Sir David was genuinely interested in them and their lives . He was very much a people person . " In his early days as a presenter , Frost also dabbled in satire . In the early 1960s he hosted a program on the BBC called "  That Was the Week That Was . " The short-lived show included luminaries like John Cleese and marked the beginning of a broadcast career that mixed news and entertainment . Born in southern England , Frost considered following in the footsteps of his Methodist minister father . That ambition did n't last . Before entering university , Frost also ruled out professional soccer , turning down an offer from a team in Nottingham . Frost married in 1981 . The union with actress Lynne Frederick was brief , just 18 months . In 1994 , Frederick committed suicide . Frost later said of Frederick , "  Life was very unfair to her . " Frost 's second marriage would last . In 1983 he wed Lady Carina Fitzalan-Howard . The couple had three sons . The late Princess Diana was godmother to the youngest . Although Frost came from humble beginnings , later in life he lived quite well . He was knighted in 1993 . His annual summer fete drew A-listers and headlines . This year , for example , Pippa Middleton drew attention for the red lace number she wore . Frost 's lengthy career led to many accolades , but in 2011 Frost described himself as an "  OK father . " Still , in comments to the Daily Mail , Frost said he loved being a father and he simply tried not to impose on his sons . "  It 's terribly important not to be too ambitious for them , just to be ambitious for their happiness , " he said . People we lost in 2013	David Frost was 74 He 's best known for interviews with disgraced U.S. president Richard Nixon The interviews were dramatized in the play and film "  Frost/Nixon "
CNN  -- Let 's face it : Barack Obama has not exactly been the second coming of Alexander the Great . He swept into office vowing to step up the war effort in Afghanistan and Pakistan , and he did , sending 30,000 fresh troops into the former and vastly expanding drone strikes in the latter . Obama managed to get Osama bin Laden , an achievement will likely be hearing about ad nauseum on the campaign trail over the long months ahead . But he has n't realized the much more difficult goal of bringing stability to Afghanistan , a land we have now been trying to stabilize for more than a decade . The recent spectacular attacks in Kabul , in which insurgents were able to once again paralyze the capital for 24 hours , may not have been Tet II , but they did underscore just how the fragile the planned 2014 handover to Afghan control really is . Enter Mitt Romney , whose positions on Afghanistan have been all over the map . He 's criticized the Obama administration for setting a timeline for withdrawal , but he has endorsed the timeline in practice . He 's denounced the idea of negotiating with the Taliban but has n't explained how he plans to defeat the insurgent movement on the battlefield . His main substantive complaint seems to be that Obama is withdrawing the surge troops by September instead of ... December . Indeed , his campaign 's few pronouncements on this subject are reminiscent of Richard Nixon 's "  secret plan " to end the war in Vietnam , which turned out to be a plan to cut and run without ever admitting as much . The truth is that Romney holds more or less the same position on Afghanistan as the president -- steadily turning control over to the Afghans in the run-up to 2014 , while cajoling the Pakistanis to be more cooperative -- but he just ca n't admit it . Politically speaking , this is a smart strategy . Poll after poll has shown that Americans simply are n't interested in spending billions of their dwindling tax dollars to prop up Hamid Karzai , a deeply unimpressive leader who appears to them as ungrateful as he is incompetent and untrustworthy . That is , to the extent that Americans still think about this long-forgotten war at all . One way or another , we 're leaving Afghanistan , and I suspect we 'll someday look back on the conflict and wonder just what we were doing there for so long -- why , for instance , we thought it made sense to spend more money there each year than the country 's entire GDP  excluding opium production , that is  , and why we thought an impoverished , land-locked strategic backwater was such an important chess piece in a new "  Great Game . " As long as Pakistan sees its interests as diametrically opposed to ours , and shelters and colludes with our enemies , this war could grind on forever . As long as Afghanistan is led by venal and weak-kneed partners , counterinsurgency is a waste of time . And nothing in the past decade suggests any of that will change on any time scale the American people will accept . None of this is to say that leaving Afghans -- especially women -- to their fates after all we 've promised them is a comfortable moral decision to make . I do n't envy the American officials having to explain that all the talk about saving Afghan women was just political rhetoric from a country that , at the end of the day , makes its national security decisions based on hard-nosed interests , not sentiment . But those conversations would happen under a Romney presidency just as they would under a second Obama term . We 've gotten our revenge for 9/11 . Bin Laden is at the bottom of the Arabian Sea , and the core of his al Qaeda network is much diminished . Karzai 's government has been given an ample chance to succeed or fail on its own . As for Alexander , let 's not forget -- Afghanistan was where the greatest general in history met his match . History may not be repeating itself today , but it sure does rhyme . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Blake Hounshell .	Blake Hounshell : Obama got bin Laden but has n't brought stability to Afghanistan Enter Mitt Romney , he says , who denounces Obama but whose positions are all over the place He says Romney would do about same as Obama ; Afghanistan is an intractable conflict Hounshell : U.S. will leave Afghanistan under Romney or Obama ; not easy , but necessary
Paris , France  CNN  -- A retired French electrician who revealed that he has 271 previously unknown works by artist Pablo Picasso did not steal them , his lawyer told CNN Tuesday . "  He kept them with love , " Evelyne Rees said . Pierre Le Guennec , 71 , worked for Picasso for three years , until the artist died in 1973 , and continued to work for his widow , Jacqueline , until she died 13 years later , Rees said . The electrician asked Jacqueline for pieces of Picasso 's work , and she gave them to Le Guennec over a period of time , his lawyer said . Le Guennec contacted the Picasso estate by mail in January to request certification of authenticity for the works : a collection of cubist collages , drawings , lithographs , notebooks and a watercolor . Along with the letter , Le Guennec included 26 photographs of previously unpublished Picasso pieces . But he found himself slapped with a lawsuit filed by the artist 's son , Claude Picasso , and five other heirs who say the works are stolen . The lawsuit was first reported Monday by the French newspaper Liberation . His approach to the Picasso family shows that he is innocent , his lawyer said . "  If you are a thief , you would not put yourself in the mouth of the wolf , " she said . Rees said that Le Guennec contacted the Picasso Administration to get an idea of what the pieces were worth . She said the pieces had "  sentimental " value to Le Guennec , and he did not make their presence public because he was not looking for money . He brought all 271 pieces from his home in the south of France to the offices of the Picasso Administration in Paris . Christine Pinault , Claude Picasso 's assistant and an employee of the Picasso Administration , said the artwork was reviewed by the family and others in the administration , who determined that the works are all authentic . The family 's lawsuit , filed September 23 , charges that Le Guennec hid stolen goods . France 's Central Office for the Fight Against Traffic in Cultural Goods seized the pieces from Le Guennec 's home on the French Riviera on October 5 and is holding them in a vault at its Nanterre office , northwest of Paris . Pinault said that one of the reasons the Picasso family is taking Le Guennec to court is because he has n't adequately explained how he came across the works . Jean Jacques Neuer , a lawyer for the Picasso family , said he could n't believe Le Guennec 's story , not least since the collection includes nine significant works . "  It 's impossible to think that -LSB- Picasso -RSB- would have given nine works to an electrician , " Neuer said Tuesday . "  It 's impossible that these works have been given away " to Le Guennec . The works are from a period spanning 1900 to 1932 , according to Liberation . CNN 's Winnie Andrews and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Impossible " to think Picasso gave works away , a family representative says A 71-year-old retired electrician sought to have 271 unknown works authenticated The Picasso family is suing the man , alleging that the works are stolen The lawsuit , filed in September , was reported by a French newspaper Monday
El Corpus , Honduras  CNN  -- Three of 11 miners who were trapped in a Honduran gold mine this week were rescued Friday morning , freed nearly two days after a landslide blocked their path out . After rescuers brought the three out of the mine near the town of El Corpus , live footage shown on Honduran network Televicentro showed ambulances driving them away . Scores of Red Cross volunteers , firefighters and others have been trying to free the miners since a landslide blocked a tunnel late Wednesday , El Corpus Mayor Luis Rueda said . Information on the conditions of the three freed miners and the eight who remained in the mine was n't immediately available . The miners freed Friday had long been in contact with rescuers , who were able to give them water early in the rescue effort , the Red Cross said . Before the rescue , Rueda told CNN that efforts to reach the miners were progressing "  slowly and with difficulty , " in part because there were risks of another landslide . Fire department spokesman Oscar Triminio also told reporters that rescuers were not using heavy machinery , because the mine was unstable . Arrests in deadly Turkish mine fire Overpass collapse at World Cup host city leaves 2 dead Death toll in India building collapse rises	Eleven miners trapped by landslide on Wednesday night near El Corpus , Honduras Three rescued Friday morning Status of eight other miners is not immediately known
EW.com  -- How loud was Yeezy 's Yeezus listening last night , blasted from the loading dock of westside Manhattan 's Milk Studios ? So loud that New Jersey heard it . So loud that my kidneys are still vibrating . So loud that even the Spinal Tap dudes were like "  Bro , maybe turn it down to eight and a half ? " It felt like something between lying directly beneath a jet path and getting into a slap bet with Godzilla -- and mostly , it was glorious . It was also , for the most part , very very dark . Or as a friend turned and said to me : " When did Kanye discover Ministry ? " At times , the whole night felt a little bit like that opening scene in Blade  cue the blood sprinklers !  . But it was also just a party , with an open bar and dancing and a lot of complicated handshakes between old friends and scenester acquaintances . And ` Ye 's full East Coast roster of famous fans came out : Jay-Z and Beyonce were there , glowing with the light of a thousand suns ; so were lesser celestial bodies like Q-Tip , Busta Rhymes , and Timbaland , plus a towering crew of flamingo-like models and professional athletes . EW : Governors Ball , Day 3 - Kanye West debuts new songs , disses radio , demands croissants After an hour  only an hour !  of milling around in Milk 's dim , cavernous space , the crowd turned to find ` Ye himself onstage , delivering an impassioned , rambling , and sometimes impenetrable introduction -- there was a lot of talk of artistry and marketing  "  I got a new strategy , it 's called no strategy . I have a plan to sell more music , it 's called ` make better music . ' "  and something about Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Simpson 's clothing lines -- before he wrapped with "  I had to learn about giving , this whole album is about giving ... this whole process is about giving ... NO F -- KS AT ALL . " Touché ! Go home , kumbaya . EW : Tyler , the Creator under fire after on-stage rant in Australia This blog post is n't an album review ; our writer Ray Rahman will be delivering that next Tuesday , or sooner if the record officially leaks . But I will say that from two listenings , this definitely feels like his Darker , Twistier , Still Sometimes Beautiful Fantasy . Some technical details : West revealed that Daft Punk are on "  three or four " tracks ; Kid Cudi and Bon Iver 's Justin Vernon and Chief Keef also appear ; it was hard to catch titles beyond already-known ones like "  I am a God , " "  Ca n't Handle My Liquor , " "  Black Skinhead , " and "  New Slaves "  featuring Frank Ocean  , but one that appeared to borrow samples from both TNGHT 's "  Higher Ground " and Billie Holiday 's haunting lynching ballad "  Strange Fruit " will almost definitely be a talking point when it goes wider . Is this record going to be all over the radio ? Are these let-the-alpine-blast summer jams ? Not in America in 2013 , no . But it still sounds -- if I could actually hear anything this morning besides a faint post-show mosquito buzz -- like a pretty fascinating manifestation of what goes on inside the mind of one of pop music 's most confounding , singular , and totally gonzo talents . Yeezus ! He is risen . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kanye West held a listening party Monday night His new album is titled "  Yeezus " Daft Punk are on "  three or four " tracks , West revealed
Washington  CNN  -- An American trafficked thousands of grenade components to Mexico , many of which turned up in hands of drug cartel who used them in violent attacks , and federal agents were prevented from stopping it , in part because federal prosecutors would n't bring charges . Those are the finding of a new Justice Department inspector general report to be released Thursday . It harshly criticizes prosecutors in the Phoenix U.S. attorney 's office and agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Read the DOJ Inspector General 's report The report cites some of the same officials who were part of the botched Operation Fast and Furious , which allowed suspected arms traffickers to buy thousands of firearms , many of which ended up used in cartel violence . Jean Baptiste Kingery , an American from Arizona , was the suspect in the grenades case . He was arrested in 2011 , in Mexico and has been charged with violating that nation 's organized-crime laws . Related : ATF probes ties between grenade in Mexico and American Authorities then found his alleged grenade factory where they discovered parts that could have been used to manufacture about a 1,000 grenades . But that arrest only came months after ATF agents tried several times to arrest him , only to have prosecutors refuse to bring charges , according to the IG report and documents reviewed by CNN but not included in the report . Prosecutors argued that possessing hundreds of grenade hulls , commonly sold in U.S. military surplus stores as novelties , were n't necessarily a crime . Unlike , Fast and Furious , agents in the Kingery case worked with Mexican law enforcement to try to conduct a sting operation to stop Kingery . But Mexican officers missed him and he managed to get across the border with his cargo of grenade hulls . The Justice Department said in a statement : "  In the six years since this operation was begun , we have taken aggressive action to ensure these errors are not repeated . The department does not condone the conduct that occurred during this investigation , and those individuals identified by the report as responsible for the operation have either been reassigned or left the department . " Related : Mexico drug war fast facts Related : Mexico captures cartel leader	Prosecutors allowed grenade parts to flow across the border with Mexico , according to a new IG report Mexican and U.S. authorities planned a sting , but lost track of the suspect who sold the grenade parts Grenade hulls were used in violent attacks by Mexican cartels , but are available in the U.S. in military supply stores
CNN  -- On Tuesday , a federal advisory panel , the National Science Advisory Board for Biosecurity , recommended that university scientists who have submitted articles on how to modify a flu virus to two very prestigious journals delete critical information from them before publishing . The papers describe how to alter bird-flu virus to be more infectious and potentially nastier . Yes , this is same bird flu virus that , as it moved into pigs , was freaking us all out last year . If you had the detailed map of the viral changes needed , then either a terrorist or an amateur "  garage " biologist operating without the right safeguards would have a very effective critter for killing you and me . If there is one thing that scientists hate , it is any policy that restricts research in any way . Scientists are taught that they need to be bold in asking questions and not let anything deter them from following their thinking wherever it leads , no matter how unpopular that might be . They are also taught the absolute necessity of making their claims public in reputable journals so that other scientists can subject them to the critical skepticism from which the truth ultimately emerges . Once in a long while , however , the price of the truth is simply too high to let scientists disclose their findings publicly . That is so when it comes to publishing detailed information about dangerous viruses and microbes . We do n't have to hide the genetic map for a killer avian flu virus from all eyes . Access to some who have clearance to see it should be possible . If that is done , then the truth will still be known about whether those making claims of being able to engineer the virus can actually do so . To go further with potentially catastrophic data is to court trouble . There are those who will say that the only way to fight terror is to adhere to those values that have proven crucial to the advance of science over the decades . The more we know , the worse for the terrorists . Unfortunately , that is no longer the world we live in . The ethics of inquiry need to adapt . Handing the complete formula for making a nasty pandemic bug to any nut with access to the Internet or a subscription to a scientific journal makes no sense in a world that has seen the use of anthrax and sarin as weapons of terror . Freedom is key to good science . Freedom from terror is also key to good science . When they conflict , the latter is more important freedom than the former . Journals and those who write for them ought to do all they can to try and ensure that most important freedom . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arthur Caplan .	For first time , a federal panel has advised that science journals censor flu study facts The papers describe how to alter bird-flu virus to be more potent , says Arthur Caplan Scientists generally hate policies that restrict research in any way , Caplan says Caplan : Sometimes risk is too high to let scientists openly disclose their findings
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Joe Wilson -- the South Carolina Republican who heckled President Obama during his speech to a joint session of Congress -- has raised at least $ 1 million in contributions , a campaign aide confirmed . Rep. Joe Wilson , R-South Carolina , shouts "  You lie ! " during President Obama 's speech Wednesday night . News of that cash haul comes after Wilson directly asked in a Web video for campaign cash to fend off attacks from political opponents and said he 's standing by his opposition to Democratic efforts at health care reform . Wilson has come under fire for shouting "  you lie " to Obama during the Wednesday night address to Congress on health care reform . The lawmaker soon apologized for his behavior , viewed by Republicans and Democrats as an ill-mannered breach of political decorum . The remark energized Wilson 's opponents and supporters , who have been opening their wallets and sending donations to Wilson and Rob Miller , his Democratic opponent in next year 's congressional race . Miller -- who has reported raking in more than $ 1 million as a result of the outburst -- ran against Wilson last year , losing by 8 percentage points . It was Wilson 's smallest margin of victory in his five elections to Congress . In an e-mail to supporters Friday night , Miller said he had raised the money in small contributions in less than 48 hours -- a total that dwarfs the $ 67,000 he has taken in during the entire first half of the year . Wilson shouted "  you lie " after Obama laid out what the congressman said were "  bogus claims " about health care reform "  spread by those whose only agenda is to kill reform at any cost . " "  The best example is the claim made not just by radio and cable talk show hosts , but by prominent politicians , that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens , " Obama said in his speech . "  Now , such a charge would be laughable if it were n't so cynical and irresponsible . It is a lie , plain and simple . Watch CNN 's John King and Joe Johns talk about little words and big money " "  There are also those who claim that our reform efforts would insure illegal immigrants . This , too , is false . The reforms I 'm proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally , " Obama said . It was at that point Wilson made his now-infamous exclamation , sparking boos and Obama 's retort : "  It 's not true . " In a YouTube video released on Thursday , Wilson said , "  On these issues , I will not be muzzled , I will speak up and speak loudly against this risky plan . " He added : "  Supporters of the government takeover of health care , and the liberals who want to give health care to illegals , are using my opposition as an excuse to distract from the critical questions being raised about this poorly conceived plan . " CNN 's Peter Hamby contributed to this report	Money pours in after Rep. Joe Wilson directly asks for funds in Web video YouTube video : Wilson says he 's still in opposition to Dems ' health care plans Wilson 's 2010 rival , Rob Miller , earlier announced he had reached $ 1 million Miller lost by 8 points in ' 08 , the closest of five races Wilson has faced
CNN  -- New Chelsea signing Fernando Torres said his transfer deadline-day move to the English Premier League champions from division rivals Liverpool was a "  step forward " in his career . After much media speculation over the striker 's future , Torres joined the Blues on a five-and-half-year contract on Monday , in a deal secured just before the January transfer window came to a dramatic close . "  I felt that I needed a step forward in my career and for my ambition as a footballer , " the 26-year-old Torres said in an interview with the club 's official website on Tuesday . "  I am joining a team that is at the top level -- there is not another level after Chelsea , " he added . "  When I played against Chelsea there was always a big motivation because it was a special game -- always one of the biggest games of the season . This is one of the reasons why I wanted to join Chelsea because I want to be part of this kind of team . " The Anfield club compensated for the departure of Torres by signing two new strikers shortly before the 23.00 GMT transfer deadline -- Uruguay 's Luis Suarez moved from Dutch-side Ajax while England 's Andy Carroll signed from Newcastle . Chelsea meanwhile coupled their Torres capture by completing the signing of defender David Luiz from Portuguese club Benfica . The best and worst deals of a dramatic deadline day The fee for Torres ' transfer has not been disclosed although British newspaper The Daily Telegraph speculated he had cost $ 80 million -- a figure that would break the previous British record set when Manchester City paid $ 53 million for Brazil 's Robinho in 2008 . Chelsea 's big-money signing had spent three-and-a-half years at Liverpool scoring 81 goals in 142 matches . But following the side 's failure to qualify for the Champions League and poor form in the league , Torres felt he needed to move to have the chance to challenge for silverware . "  The Champions League is a big ambition , it is a very important competition , " the former Atletico Madrid player said . "  But also Chelsea have the chance every season to win all the trophies that they play for , so when you have the chance to play in a team like this you can not say no . " Ironically , Torres ' first match in a Chelsea shirt could be against seventh-placed Liverpool at Stamford Bridge in a league clash on Sunday . It is not thought he will feature in Tuesday 's away fixture against sixth-placed Sunderland . "  It is like the destiny , " he said after a group of Liverpool fans were seen burning Torres ' number nine shirt outside Anfield when the news of the transfer broke . "  It is not perfect for me but we will see what happens and I only have good words about Liverpool . They made me a top player and gave me the chance to play at the top level . I will never say anything bad about Liverpool , I have been very happy there . "  But now the history is different and I am playing for Chelsea . If I have the chance to play I will do my best for Chelsea and hopefully I can score . " Madrid-born Torres added that his move had been made easier thanks to the support he had received from the London-based club 's loyal fans . "  They really want me and it is important you have the support of the people in the club , and the support of the fans -- I have seen them very , very happy with me for joining Chelsea . Now I am very happy to be a Chelsea player . " Will deadline-day spending buck European transfer downturn ? With Torres ' record-breaking deal and Liverpool reportedly paying in excess of $ 53 million for Carroll , the Premier League showed little sign of being affected by the current economic situation . According to statistics from UK business advisory firm Deloitte , English clubs spent a record $ 363 million in the mid-season transfer window -- smashing the previous record of $ 282 million set in January 2008 , and far exceeding amounts spent by leagues in Spain , Italy and Germany . However , Dan Jones , a partner in Deloitte 's Sports Business Group , said this can be solely put down to a handful of lucrative deals made by just four clubs . "  We were surprised to see more than $ 360 million spent in a January window for the first time , particularly after only around $ 48 million was spent in January last year , " Jones told CNN in a statement . "  When you scratch beneath the surface you find that around 80 % of the total spending is concentrated across Chelsea , Liverpool , Aston Villa and Manchester City -- and spread across only six players . "  So this was a particularly polarized window , with only a few clubs flexing their financial muscles , on what was a deafening final day of an otherwise quiet window . "	Fernando Torres speaks to Chelsea TV after signing for the club on Monday EPL champions agreed a deal with Liverpool just before the transfer day deadline Spain striker 's first game for Blues could be against Liverpool on Sunday Liverpool signed strikers Andy Carroll and Luis Suarez ; Chelsea also secured David Luiz
CNN  -- Militants in Pakistan 's tribal region attacked a truck carrying supplies for NATO troops in Afghanistan -- killing the driver and his assistant , officials said Friday . Gunmen opened fire and threw petrol bombs , setting the truck and its container on fire , said Muhammad Arshad Khan , a senior government official in Khyber Agency . They then fatally shot the occupants of the truck , Khan said . The torched truck was part of two-truck convoy headed toward the Torkham border crossing . The second truck was not damaged in the incident . Pakistan had closed off the crossing after U.S. helicopter strikes across the border killed two Pakistani soldiers . But it was reopened Sunday . It is the main land route for NATO supplies crossing from Pakistan to Afghanistan . Convoys have repeatedly come under militant fire in recent days . Since October 1 , at least six people have been killed in attacks on supply vehicles -- in addition to the latest casualties . The convoys are generally operated by contracted Pakistani firms , using Pakistani trucks and drivers . The Pakistani Taliban has claimed responsibility for some of the attack , saying they were in retaliation for drone strikes . The group said it has set up a special squad to hit U.S. interests in Pakistan , especially NATO supply efforts . The latest suspected drone strike came Friday when four alleged militants were killed in North Waziristan , two Pakistani intelligence officials said . Two missiles hit a vehicle in the area of Machi Khel in the district -- one of seven in Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan . The intelligence officials asked not to be named because they are not authorized to speak to the media .	NEW : Drone strike kills 4 in tribal region Gunmen set the truck on fire , then shoot the occupants Convoys have come under repeated attack in recent days The Pakistani Taliban says it has set up a special unit to attack U.S. interests
CNN  -- Two top Iranian opposition leaders have called on supporters to protest on February 11 , the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution , an opposition Web site reported . According to The Green Way Web site , a meeting took place Saturday between opposition leaders Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi at Karroubi 's home . They discussed the two executions that happened last week and the cases of 16 protesters who went on trial Saturday , the site reported . "  The widespread arrests of political activists and university students , the silencing of the media , and the forced confessions of prisoners are against the principles of Islam and the constitution of Iran , " the leaders said in a statement . They also called for people to take to the streets on February 11 to demand their rights back as citizens of Iran , The Green Way reported . Meanwhile , state-run Press TV quoted Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Sunday as saying that the nation will deliver a harsh blow to "  global arrogance " on February 11 . Press TV offered no details on or explanation of the statement . Opposition protests were launched after the disputed June 12 presidential election that gave hardline Ahmadinejad a second term . The government denies accusations of fraud . About 4,000 people have been arrested in the post-election crackdown . As of January 24 , the government had confirmed the deaths of at least 37 people in the protests or in detention , seven of those deaths happening on the religious holiday of Ashura . On Thursday , authorities hanged Mohammed Reza Ali Zamani , 37 , and Arash Rahmanipour , 20 , who had been convicted of being enemies of God and plotting to topple the Islamic regime . The two were convicted in mass trials of opposition supporters in August , but Rahmanipour 's lawyer said the young man was arrested two months before the election .	Top Iranian opposition leaders call for February 11 protest , opposition Web site reports They called for people to take to the streets to demand their rights back as citizens of Iran Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi also met to discuss last week 's executions The two executions followed mass trials of opposition supporters in August
Germany has information that the United States might have monitored Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone , a German government spokesman said Wednesday . "  We have immediately sent a question to our American partners and have asked for immediate and wide-ranging clarification , " spokesman Steffen Seibert said in a written statement . Both governments said that Merkel spoke about the issue with President Barack Obama during a phone call Wednesday . Obama told her that the United States "  is not monitoring and will not monitor " her communications , White House spokesman Jay Carney said . Merkel made it clear that , if the information about the U.S. having monitored her phone were true , it would be "  completely unacceptable , " Seibert said . "  Close friends and partners , such as Germany and the USA have been for decades , can not have monitoring of communication of a head of government , " Seibert said . "  This would be a grave breach of trust . Such practices have to stop immediately . " Germany and other nations expressed concerns about alleged U.S. spying after former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden leaked classified information about American surveillance programs . German news magazine Der Spiegel reported in June that classified leaks from Snowden detailed how the agency bugged EU offices in Washington and New York as well as conducting an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels . Merkel spoke with Obama by phone in July about allegations that the United States was conducting surveillance on its European allies . U.S. spy chief says reports of NSA logging French phone calls are false Mexico to summon U.S. ambassador over spying allegations	Spokesman says government asks for "  wide-ranging clarification " Chancellor spoke with President Obama about the issue Wednesday Obama says U.S. "  is not monitoring and will not monitor " her communications Snowden affair sparked concerns about U.S. spying
CNN  -- At the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , we consider ourselves to be impatient optimists -- we are impatient with the way the world is , but optimistic that changing it is possible . One reason for this optimism is the progress that we have seen in the 10 years since the United Nations created the Millennium Development Goals , eight international goals to improve social and economic conditions in the world 's poorest countries . Recently , we partnered with TED to create a global event to discuss this progress . TEDxChange was hosted in New York and broadcast live to over 80 simultaneous TEDx events in 40 countries around the world , including sites in Kibera , Kenya ; Abuja , Nigeria ; Pune , India ; Cochabamba , Bolivia ; and Lahore , Pakistan . The millennium goals themselves embody impatient optimism . They recognize how much there is to be done , while at the same time signaling the scale and scope of the world 's ambition . The world is not called on to conjure progress from a void . Instead , it is called on to learn from very real progress on nearly all the goals , to expand it , and to speed it up . One refrain I hear is that we are off track on many of the goals . That statement is technically accurate . Not every country will meet every goal , and there is a risk that some of the global goals wo n't be met . But that binary outlook -- with total success on one side , total failure on the other , and people on all sides blaming each other -- obscures extraordinary progress driven by extraordinary people across the globe . Take the goal for child mortality . The goal is a two-thirds reduction , and we may not reach it by 2015 . But have we failed when 4 million children who would have died in 1990 will survive in 2010 ? Have we failed when we have reduced polio , a crippling childhood disease , by 99 percent in the past 20 years ? Another complaint I hear a lot is that progress is n't spread evenly . Some people dismiss the fact that 1.3 billion people have lifted themselves out of poverty by pointing out that most of them live in China and India , not in African countries . I believe that when poor people lift themselves out of poverty , we ought to celebrate , no matter where they happen to live . Bill and I started our foundation because we believe that all lives have equal value , and I am not comfortable comparing one person 's suffering to that of another . While it 's true that some countries are reducing poverty more quickly than others -- and some , sadly , have moved backwards -- eight African countries have already achieved the goal on poverty reduction , and several more are on schedule to do so by 2015 . Across nearly every goal , there are inspiring examples of even the poorest countries making dramatic improvements in short periods of time . However , we can also learn from the successes in other sectors . My TEDxChange talk focuses on the question of how Coca-Cola has become so ubiquitous around the world and what governments and the development community can learn from the company 's success . By analyzing what Coca-Cola has done to become so prevalent , we can apply those lessons to the millennium goals and save even more lives . The task ahead is to learn what 's working so that we can spread best practices . In difficult economic times , it is imperative that we increase support for effective interventions that provide maximum value for money -- and not shift even bigger burdens to the poorest by cutting back on development spending . So I am impatient . I am impatient because the world is not getting better fast enough , or for enough people . But I am also optimistic . I am optimistic because there are proven and affordable ways to decrease hunger and poverty , to help mothers and their babies thrive , to make rapid progress on all the Millennium Development Goals . And I am optimistic that our impatience will lead us all to be more motivated , not less . I am optimistic that our sense of urgency will inspire us to work together , not to isolate ourselves . For if we are motivated , if we are inspired , if we work together -- then we can meet again in five years to celebrate achievements that few of us might have dared to imagine . I 'm grateful to CNN for including my TEDxChange presentation as part of their TEDTalks Tuesday series . There were several other speakers who joined our event that day , and I urge you to come to our TEDxChange website and watch their speeches as well . • Hans Rosling , professor of international health at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden , who uses statistics to show concrete examples of progress in child health ; • Graca Machel , a renowned international advocate for women 's and children 's rights , on the key role of women and girls in achieving social change ; • Mechai Viravaidya , aka Mr. Condom , the founder and chairman of the Population and Community Development Association , on creative approaches to family planning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melinda French Gates .	Melinda Gates : The UN adopted Millennium Development Goals 10 years ago She says there 's been extraordinary progress in many areas Reduction in child mortality alone will save 4 million lives in 2010 , compared to 1990 , she says Gates : I 'm optimistic about the world but impatient for faster change
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- A Nigerian man who sang in a Vatican choir arranged gay liaisons for an Italian government official who served in the unpaid role of papal usher , according to transcripts of wiretaps collected by Italian authorities . The wiretaps were gathered as part of an investigation into how public-works contracts were awarded . The purported conversations were between Angelo Balducci , who oversaw the Italian government 's awarding of construction contracts -- including work on the airport at Perugia -- and Thomas Chinedu Ehiem , a 39-year-old Nigerian singer . They were recorded between April 14 , 2008 , and January 20 , 2010 . In addition to working for the government , Balducci served as a "  gentleman of his holiness , " also known as a papal usher or "  Vatican gentleman . " The main responsibility of the ceremonial position is to welcome heads of state to the Vatican and escort them to see the Pope . Balducci is one of three public officials who , along with a businessman , have been jailed on charges related to corruption in the public works department . The public officials are alleged to have awarded contracts to businessmen who offered them favors , money , sex , and/or house remodeling in exchange . The suspects , who deny the charges , are in "  cautionary custody " though they have not been charged or indicted . The Italian news media have nicknamed the scandal "  grande opere , " which translates as "  big works . " The transcripts of the wiretaps were made public on Wednesday and widely disseminated in the media . Balducci 's lawyer , Franco Coppi , lambasted investigators ' handling of his client . "  It is shameful that things unrelated to the investigation are published , " Coppi told reporters Wednesday outside the Rome prison where Balducci was confined . "  We are thinking about taking legal action . During the interrogations , we did not discuss private matters . " Ehiem told the Italian weekly magazine Panorama in an interview published Friday that he provided Balducci with men from Italy and abroad , including rugby players , actors , models and seminarians . Ehiem also told Panorama that he arranged for Balducci to meet escorts at Ehiem 's house when the government official was in Rome and in Paris , France ; Naples , Italy ; and other cities when he was traveling . "  For Balducci , a 26 - or 27-year-old man was too young , " Ehiem told the magazine . "  He preferred older men , above 40 years old . " According to the wiretap transcripts , in a conversation dated April 22 , 2008 , Ehiem says , "  I called you ... because there are ... if you are free ... three or four situations that can be good ... very , very good ... " Balducci : " ... Hmmm ! " Ehiem : "  Two black , Cuban men ... really tall , tall , tall ... so ... if you are free ... we can try to organize right away ... that is , I saw both of them , Angelo ... believe me that ... they could be two excellent options . " In another conversation , dated August 21 , 2008 , Ehiem says : "  Look , if you want I can have them come one after the other ... it is possible ... if you have some free time ... I can arrange for the two of them . " Balducci : "  Which are the better ones ? " Ehiem : "  The better ones are the ones I just told you about ... one from Bologna and the other one from Rome . " Balducci : "  All right , then let 's do it for 3:30 . " Ehiem : "  OK . " Ehiem said an escort friend introduced him to the Italian businessman more than a decade ago . "  He asked me to do it with him , but I like women and just the thought grossed me out , " Ehiem said . "  He asked me if I could procure him other men . He told me that he was married and that it had to be done in great secrecy . I told him that there was the Internet . But he asked me to take care of it because he could n't do it from his home . " He added , "  Sometimes he would ask for two meetings a day . " Ehiem told Panorama he was trying to support his family in Nigeria , and that Balducci sometimes paid him 50 or 100 euros , but "  never more than 1,000 to 1,500 per year . " Neither Balducci nor his attorney has commented on Eheim 's interview with Panorama . A Vatican source who asked not to be identified said Ehiem had been dismissed from his choir duties . Asked about Balducci , the source said , "  It is obvious that , while in prison , he can not exercise his duties as a papal gentleman . " But , the source noted , Balducci has not been convicted of any charge . "  If he is convicted , then we will look into it , " the source said . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this story from Rome .	Nigerian who sang in a Vatican choir purportedly arranged gay liaisons for a government official The Italian official served in the unpaid role as papal usher Wiretaps gathered as part of an investigation into how public-works contracts awarded Officials allegedly awarded contracts to businessmen who offered them favors
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Why would an award-winning singer , songwriter , producer and single mother want to tack reality TV star onto her long list of accomplishments ? Kandi Burruss says she is happy to join the "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " cast . For Kandi Burruss , the newest member of the Real Housewives of Atlanta , the answer is simple : "  I was a fan last year . I love the show . " The second season of Bravo 's hit show is set to premier on Thursday with Burruss replacing cast member DeShawn Snow . Burruss is well-known in the music industry as a former member of the platinum-selling R&B girl group Xscape and co-writer of such hits as Destiny 's Child 's "  Bills , Bills , Bills " and TLC 's "  No Scrubs , " for which she won a Grammy . The Atlanta native almost ended up on another reality show with former group mate and writing partner Tameka "  Tiny " Cottle , who is the fiancée of rapper T.I. and now stars on BET 's "  Tiny & Toya " alongside Antonia "  Toya " Carter , the ex-wife of Lil ' Wayne . The deal for that show did n't work out and Burruss said she was more than happy to sign on with Bravo 's wildly successful southern edition of the "  Housewives " franchise , which chronicles the lives of a group of affluent African-American women in the ATL . Burruss was already friendly with cast mate Lisa Wu Hartwell , whom she met through their mutual friend Cottle . Having watched the show -- which last season enraptured viewers with a mix of constant infighting , lavish lifestyles and a healthy dose of drama -- Burruss said she was more concerned with being thrust into the public eye than she was with getting along with the cast . "  The only thing that made me hesitant about wanting to be a part of the show is the fact that people are so critical of the show , " she said . "  Just dealing with people on the outside judging you . That part is going to be something that I am going to have to get used to . " The artist has already had to get acclimated to people smearing her personal life on the Internet . Watch Burruss discuss her time on the show " Newly engaged to a father of six children , Burruss has watched him get attacked in blogs and is protective of the man who she said even her mother is n't thrilled about her marrying . " -LSB- The show -RSB- has been very , very stressful on the relationship , " she said . "  I guess -LSB- people -RSB- could n't find anything bad -LSB- to say -RSB- about me , so they wanted to go in on my fiancé . " Her caring nature and laid-back personality make Burruss special in the industry , said rapper Rick Ross . "  She 's a very humble person , maybe one of the most humble people among the biggest songwriters in the industry , " said Ross , who collaborated with Burruss on a track for a new solo album she has in the works . "  It 's good to be around the greats and she most definitely is one of the greatest in the industry . " Her home music studio attests to that . The walls are covered with gold and platinum records for her work with several high-profile artists including Alicia Keys , * NSYNC , Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston . Being part of a girl group helped prepare her for the drama of dealing with the other housewives ' personalities , Burruss said , though she admitted clashing with outspoken cast mate NeNe Leakes during filming . "  I was a fan of hers last year , " Burruss said . "  All that wild and crazy stuff she says to people , when you 're watching it , it 's funny , it 's hilarious ... but when it 's directed at you , it 's not funny anymore . " Burruss got along better with aspiring singer Kim Zolciak , who Burruss will assist in achieving her dream of breaking into the industry . Last season , fans of the show -- and some of the other housewives -- slammed Zolciak for her less-than-stellar voice . "  Everybody loves to hate on Kim . But what I have to say is that Kim is actually cooler in person than she came off on the show , " said Burruss , who in 1999 won top songwriter of the year from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers . "  I wanted to help her out because I love helping the underdog . " The busy artist said she has no idea if she will be invited back for another season . Appearing on the show , which Burruss said is not scripted , was fun , but she is busy with an upcoming album and with caring for her daughter , Riley , she said . She doubts she will be addicted to appearing on reality TV like she is addicted to music , Burruss said . "  It 's just another way for people to get to know you and hopefully they see me in a good light , " she said . "  You always hope that it does n't backfire . "	Kandi Burruss is the newest member of Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " An accomplished singer/songwriter/producer , she was a fan last season Burruss confirms she and cast mate NeNe Leakes did n't get along The single mother hopes fans will see her in "  a good light "
CNN  -- These days , almost all new cellphones look alike : They 're sleek black rectangles with glowing color screens . They 're handsome , slender , well-dressed and a little predictable . If they were human , they 'd be infomercial hosts . We often take them for granted . But as anyone over the age of 15 remembers , it was n't always this way . In hindsight , mobile phones used to be downright ugly . As Mobile World Congress -- the planet 's largest mobile-tech show -- prepares to kick off in Barcelona , Spain , we thought we 'd offer this gallery to remind us all how far we have come . Twenty-five years ago , early adopters like Gordon Gekko and Zack Morris were lugging around phones the size of footballs . Even a decade or so ago , most phones had dull gray screens , clamshell designs or tiny keypads that made you hit a button over and over to text one letter of the alphabet . So , the next time you complain about your iPhone , Evo or Galaxy S III , remember : You could still be trying to communicate on one of these balky relics . What was your first cellphone ? Does it conjure up any old stories ? Do you still have it ? Let us know in the comments .	In honor of Mobile World Congress , here 's a gallery of ugly , outdated cellphones Even a decade or so ago , phones had dull gray screens , clamshell designs or tiny keypads
CNN  -- Twitter is testing a major profile redesign that 's very reminiscent of Facebook and Google + . Mashable assistant features editor Matt Petronzio spotted on Tuesday a huge update to his Twitter profile page , with the main picture and bio scaled to the left and significantly more real estate dedicated to the header photo . The revamped tweet stream is also a departure from its signature look . There is a greater focus on photos and content cards . It moves away from a strictly vertical timeline too . Click the image below to enlarge . It 's common for Twitter to quietly test new features and design updates before tweaking or rolling it out to a larger user base . Experiments typically go out to a small , random pool of users . Under the header photo in the test is the count for tweets , photos/videos  a new category called out on the profile  , who you are following , followers , favorites and lists . Although Petronzio is n't verified on the site , there 's an option for the stream to show "  Tweets " and "  Tweets and replies " for every user â $ " a feature typically reserved for those with the blue check mark . Other profile pages viewed from an account with the new design are automatically made to look like this too . This means that even if your Twitter page is n't a part of the test , Petronzio can see what yours will look like . SEE ALSO : Everything you need to know about Bitcoin in 2 minutes The recommended header photo size in the test version is 1500 x 500 pixels , up from 1252 x 626 in the current design , so users with the new design will want to switch their picture so it does n't look stretched . The news comes days after Twitter rolled out its latest design to all users , after weeks of behind the scenes testing . The company declined to comment on this story . Have something to add to this story ? Share it in the comments . See the original story on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Twitter is testing a major redesign to users ' profile pages New look slides the profile picture and bio to the left and enlarges the header photo It 's common for Twitter to quietly test new features and design updates
CNN  -- Imagine that the chair you 're sitting on became a sofa on demand as the day moved from light to dark . Or if all your furnishings could move out of your way as you walk through a room . These thoughts could one day become reality through research being conducted at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology  EPFL  . The EPFL biorobotics lab is developing self-configurable robotics known as "  Roombots , " which can merge with materials and furnishings to create adaptable furniture for the home and office . "  It 's a bit of a science-fiction project in my lab to create intelligent furniture which can change shape and functionality , " explains lab director Auke Ijspeert . "  We envisage the Roombots moving and combining to create a diversity of elements including tables and chairs . " The goal is to create furniture that can be re-used in multiple ways . Read this : Electronic noses sniff out cancer Designs would consist of Roombot modules -- which resemble two dice stuck together , and contain a battery , three motors for movements and pivoting , and a wireless connection . Each module is just 22cm long and the team imagine just 10 of them could combine to build a broad range of furniture . "  The Roombots would be coupled with more passive materials such as a table top or cushion to create the end results , " says Ijspeert . However , the team 's immediate goals are to create mobile furniture to assist the elderly and those with reduced mobility . "  Let 's say an elderly person is using a walker , the furniture could have modules attached for it to move out of the way in a cluttered apartment or have a stool follow the person and remain close by , " describes Ijspeert . For now , the team have managed to enable a few modules to interact , coordinated by algorithms on a PC , but they plan to improve human-robot interactions by either embedding cameras to track where users are or using voice recognition for people to instruct their furniture . Further hopes lie in using tablets to display a room virtually , with people using augmented reality to then move and place furnishings as they desire . "  Eventually we want less and less human interaction to have a more fluid transition of furniture , " says Ijspeert . Designs are n't limited to the home and could be applied to the workplace to create high-end conference rooms that reconfigure according to functionality , and eventually anywhere , with people creating their own uses for the building blocks . "  What I really hope is to provide Lego blocks for people to find their own use such as artists or designers , " says Ijspeert . Read this : Electronic noses sniff out cancer In pictures : What the Internet really looks like	Robots known as "  Roombots " are paving the way for furniture that can build itself Roombots will combine active and passive parts to create all kinds of furnishings Each roombot is a small cube and contains batteries , motors and a wireless connection Mobile furniture could benefit the elderly and people with poor mobility
CNN  -- In recent days , international attention has refocused on the rapidly deteriorating security situation in Yemen . The claim of responsibility for the attack on Northwest flight 253 on December 25 by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has underscored the fact that Yemen 's problems will not stay in Yemen . In the absence of immediate and sustained attention by the international community , Yemen may be overwhelmed by a unique convergence of crises . While some observers feared this would come in several years , it is increasingly apparent that failure may come sooner than previously expected . Yemen has frequently been described as a failing state -- and with good reason . Civil war , terrorism , a deepening secessionist movement and economic and demographic trends threaten to overpower the Yemeni government , provide a breeding ground for terrorists and destabilize the region . Yemen has often teetered on the brink of collapse , but it has never faced so many interconnected challenges at one time . At the heart of the country 's problems is a looming economic crisis . Oil is the source of nearly 80 percent of government revenue , and it is quickly running out . There are few viable options for a sustainable post-oil economy , and Yemen is already the poorest country in the Arab world with an unemployment rate conservatively estimated at 35 percent . Yemen 's pending economic collapse has been greatly accelerated by the civil war in Saada . Government forces have been unable to decisively put down the rebels in the north of the country , and there is no military solution to the conflict . The toll in Saada has been severe , with extensive damage to infrastructure and an estimated 175,000 internally displaced people . The conflict 's strain on the Yemeni army has led to questions about the military 's ability to simultaneously engage in other operations , including counterterrorism . The government is spending foreign currency reserves at an alarming rate , recently estimated at more than $ 200 million per month . Spending on the war will create a major budget deficit next year . Every dollar spent on the civil war is a dollar not spent on addressing the underlying causes of instability in Yemen . Yemen also is facing a growing secessionist movement in the south of the country . When the war in Saada subsides , it is feared that the secessionist movement will again flare up . The government does not control the entire territory of Yemen , and the emergence of additional areas outside of the capital of Sanaa 's control will create more under-governed spaces that can be exploited by terrorist movements . For the past year , there have been growing indications that al Qaeda is regrouping in Yemen and preparing to strike Western and other targets . Recent counterterrorism measures in Saudi Arabia have forced extremists to seek refuge elsewhere , and analysts have observed a steady flow of extremists relocating to Yemen 's under-governed areas . In spring 2008 , al Qaeda operatives in Saudi Arabia were encouraged by local Saudi al Qaeda commanders to escape to Yemen , and by January 2009 , the Saudi and Yemeni al Qaeda affiliates merged . A video announcing the establishment of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula featured two Saudis previously released from the U.S. military detention center at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba -- both assumed leadership positions in the newly formed organization . Mohammed al-Awfi subsequently surrendered to Saudi authorities and Said al-Shihri reportedly escaped a recent counterterrorism strike that preceded the Northwest bombing . The emergence of the regional al Qaeda group marks a major deterioration of security in Yemen . As recent events have highlighted , Yemen is becoming a base for al Qaeda to mount operations not only inside the country but also across the Arabian Peninsula and internationally . In August 2009 , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula nearly assassinated Prince Mohammed bin Nayef , the Saudi counterterrorism chief , in an attack that was eerily similar to the Christmas Day Northwest bomb attack . Following the attack on Prince Mohammed , it boasted of its new bomb technology and threatened to use its new ` undetectable substance ' again . And in mid-October , several Saudis were killed trying to cross into Saudi Arabia , including the brother of deputy commander Said al-Shihri . According to local press reports , the two were attempting to smuggle several suicide vests into Saudi Arabia . Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula was allegedly bolstered by the relocation of al Qaeda operatives from Pakistan and Afghanistan this summer . Media reports quoted intelligence sources saying that fighters fleeing from South Asia were seeking safe havens in Yemen and Somalia . Any single event -- or more likely a confluence of worst-case events beyond the ability of the Yemeni government to control -- could lead to a further erosion of central government authority in Yemen and destabilization of the region . As the central government 's authority and legitimacy continue to deteriorate , there will be more opportunities for extremists directed or inspired by al Qaeda to regroup , organize , train and launch operations against U.S. and allied targets throughout the Gulf region and globally . Military operations to kill or capture al Qaeda operatives will likely increase in 2010 . These actions carry risks . Publicly acknowledged American involvement in counterterrorism operations in Yemen would be deeply unpopular in the country , likely undermine the legitimacy of the Yemeni government and feed into the grievances that help fuel al Qaeda militancy . Development assistance is one of the most effective tools available to address the interconnected long-term challenges facing Yemen . But , U.S. aid is disproportionately small considering the magnitude of the problems facing the country and Yemen 's strategic importance to the United States . In addition to the reported $ 70 million of military and security assistance , the United States recently announced $ 121 million in development aid over the next three years , a significant increase from previous years and a vital step in the right direction . Still , the amount pales in comparison to the $ 1.5 billion allotted to Pakistan in the next year alone . This disparity persists even as U.S. officials increasingly cite Yemen as a terrorism and security priority second only to Afghanistan and Pakistan . No perfect solutions exist for Yemen 's problems today , and none of its many pressing challenges can be fully averted . However , steps can be taken to lessen their impact . The United States has a stake in helping Yemen deal with its problems , and the cost of inaction would be too great . Failure to act now would lead to fewer and even worse options in the future . As one administration official recently said to me , "  We 've seen this movie before , and we know how it ends . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher Boucek .	Yemen has the earmarks of a failing state , says Christopher Boucek The nation is dealing with a civil war , other challenges to its authority Boucek says Yemen is running out of oil , lacks other economic strengths He says al Qaeda militants , including some from South Asia , are regrouping in Yemen
Iran on Sunday unveiled what it says is a copy of a U.S. stealth drone that it "  commandeered " in 2011 . "  The drone was brought down by the Iranian Armed Forces ' electronic warfare unit which commandeered the aircraft and safely landed it , " the Iranian Tasnim News Agency reported . Late last year , Iran announced it had "  managed to reverse engineer most parts " of the drone , according to the Tasnim report . The U.S. drone was identified as the RQ-170 Sentinel , made by Lockheed Martin . Pictures of the aircraft taken during the unveiling ceremony attended by Iran 's Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , were posted on Khamenei 's official website . U.S. officials told CNN in December 2011 that the drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission that involved both the intelligence community and military personnel stationed in Afghanistan . Later that month , President Barack Obama asked Iran to return the drone to the U.S. "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama said . "  No nation welcomes other countries ' spy drones in its territory , and no one sends back the spying equipment and its information back to the country of origin , " Gen. Hossein Salami , deputy commander of Iran 's military , said at the time , according to the semiofficial Fars News Agency . In photos of Sunday 's ceremony , the U.S. drone was on display alongside the Iranian copy . In February 2013 , Iran said it had been able to decode surveillance footage from the captured drone and displayed it on YouTube . Iranian company wants to send toy drone to Obama Iran 's newest warplane something from ` GI Joe ' Why is Iran building giant mock-up of U.S. aircraft carrier ? Iran unveils squadrons of flying boats	News agency says Iranian electronic warfare unit brought down the drone in 2011 That year , U.S. officials said it was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission On Sunday , the U.S. drone was displayed alongside an Iranian copy It was identified as a Lockheed Martin RQ-170 Sentinel
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- The U.S. military in Japan has charged a Marine with rape and other violations of the Uniform Code of Military Justice in the alleged sexual assault of 14-year old girl in Okinawa . A civic group member protests against Hadnott near the U.S. Embassy in Tokyo on February 13 . Staff Sgt. Tyrone Luther Hadnott , 38 , has been charged with the rape of a child under 16 , abusive sexual contact with a child , making a false official statement , adultery and kidnapping , the Marines said Friday . No dates for the court-martial have been set . In February , Japanese authorities released Hadnott after the girl dropped the allegations against him , but the Marine Corps conducted its own investigation to see if Hadnott violated codes of military justice . It held him at a Marine facility . The rape accusation against Hadnott stirred memories of a brutal rape more than a decade ago and triggered outrage across Japan . Prime Minister Yasuo Fukuda deplored as "  unforgivable " the allegations against Hadnott . The incident also led to tight restrictions , for a time , for American troops and their families at the U.S. base on Okinawa . The U.S. military in Japan also formed a sexual assault prevention task force after the incident . More than 40,000 U.S. troops are stationed in Japan , most of them on Okinawa . The troops were placed there under a security alliance after Japan was defeated in World War II and was renounced its right to a military . The U.S. military presence has at times bred resentment among some Japanese , who have long complained about crime , noise and accidents . Anti-American sentiments boiled over in 1995 after three American servicemen kidnapped and gang-raped a 12-year-old Okinawan schoolgirl . Two years ago , a U.S. civilian military employee was jailed for nine years for raping two women . E-mail to a friend	No date set for the court-martial U.S. military charges Marine after girl dropped charges in February Most of U.S. troops in Japan are stationed in Okinawa
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A Somali lawmaker was killed and another was injured when a bomb hidden in their car exploded while they were headed to a conference on security , officials said . Parliamentarian Isack Mohamed Ali , popularly known as Isack Rino , was killed , and lawmaker Mohamud Abdi-dhuuh was seriously injured , said Mohamed Abdiqadir Mohamed , district commissioner of Mogadishu 's Hamarweyne district . Four passersby were also hurt . The parliamentarians were on their way to a national conference on security when the bomb , hidden under one of the car 's seats , exploded . The Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Monday 's bombing in a statement posted to a pro-militant website . Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed said those behind the "  cowardly " attack would be found . "  Somalia has today lost a committed parliamentarian who worked tirelessly to serve the people of Somalia and help rebuild our country , " Ahmed said in a statement . "  This cowardly attack will not derail the progress made in Mogadishu and across Somalia . The security agencies will investigate this cowardly killing and ensure that those who carried out this attack face justice . " Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu ; CNN 's Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . Tara Kangarlou also contributed to this report .	One parliamentarian was killed and another was seriously injured The lawmakers were on their way to a national conference on security Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack
CNN  -- What would you have done ? Last month in Florida , a school bus driver witnessed a vicious assault on a 13-year-old boy . He radioed the bus dispatcher and frantically begged for assistance , as he feared the victim was being seriously injured . But he did not intervene . While the victim 's physical injuries may heal , his psychological trauma will undoubtedly linger , including the harrowing knowledge that no one would help him . Teens trained to spot drama before it turns dangerous But before we pile on the driver , let 's be clear : The most egregious wrongdoers here are the violent teens . They victimized a boy horribly and wronged the agonized bystanders . The driver 's anguish over his own inaction may be real and palpable , but should he still have done more ? Obviously , he was n't confident enough of his own physical ability to handle several violent teenagers , although he had a special responsibility to protect the children on that bus . We all want to think that we would disregard our own personal safety to help children , but in a highly charged moment , a bystander is forced to make an instant , possibly haunting judgment about risk and danger . Violence works both by crushing a victim and by intimidating others . When you 're not there , it 's easy to dismiss the terror , but for the bystander , it 's often a lose-lose proposition . Fail to intervene , and it haunts you ; intervene , and you may become the victim . Intervention requires bystanders to overcome the basic self-protective instinct that ensures their own survival , and that 's probably why there 's no one we admire more than those who disregard their own personal safety to help others . Teachers ' lesson in heroism and healing Despite that admiration , and despite our sense as adults that we need to protect children , many of us find that we do not , and can not , intervene as bystanders . To complicate matters , some violent situations can actually be worsened when a bystander intervenes . My own research  PDF  at the Massachusetts Aggression Reduction Center at Bridgewater State University , and similar studies  PDF  at the Youth Voice Project at Penn State , have found that bystander interventions in bullying episodes frequently backfire . The bully , feeling publicly humiliated , takes revenge against the original victim . Knowing that you might worsen the victim 's situation only makes these incidents more frustrating . If an adult should n't throw himself in the middle of a physical altercation , what else can he do ? In the Florida situation , there was an immediate danger that required a response but not necessarily significant physical risk . A recent study in the journal Aggressive Behavior found that interveners typically used nonviolent methods . If the school bus company had developed a set of emergency procedures that did n't require high personal jeopardy , perhaps the entire crisis could have been avoided . Bus drivers can be trained in the use of tools and techniques that can help disable violent teens  e.g. , use of pepper spray  . Calls to dispatch can be augmented with 911 calls and emergency "  panic " buttons . No one likes to consider that such preparations are necessary , and they will cost money , but by thinking ahead and preparing for such scenarios , we might be able to avoid a situation where the choice is simply who will end up with the broken bones . Interrupting the cycle of teen violence The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Englander .	Florida school bus driver did not help when teen was beaten on bus Elizabeth Englander says before criticizing , place blame on assailants ; driver in terrible spot Studies show intervening can backfire ; people need alternative to assuming risk , she says Englander : Bus companies should have tools , techniques to disable assailants till help arrives
