Washington  CNN  -- Toward the end of U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's surprise appearance at the TED Women conference Wednesday , she told the story of a girl and her father in a developing country . "  This teenage girl 's father expected to force her into early marriage , but she had been to school and she received a cow , perhaps through the Heifer project , to encourage her to stay in school . When her father demanded she drop out of school and get married , she said no . When he insisted , she insisted right back . "  And finally she pulled out her trump card : ` If I leave and get married , I 'm taking my cow , that cow belongs to me . ' So guess what . She stayed in school , she was spared an early marriage , all because her father could n't bear to part with the cow . " TED.com : Sheryl WuDunn on oppression of women Clinton devoted her talk to the importance of empowering women and girls around the world , and the audience of 700 at the International Trade Center responded enthusiastically . "  Let women work and they drive economic growth across all sectors . Send a girl to school even just for one year and her income dramatically increases for life , and her children are more likely to survive and her family more likely to be healthier for years to come . Give women equal rights and entire nations are more stable and secure . Deny women equal rights and the instability of nations is almost certain . " Clinton said the goal of empowering women and girls is a "  central tenet " of American foreign policy . "  Women 's equality is not just a moral issue , it 's not just a humanitarian issue , it is not just a fairness issue , " she said , "  It is a security issue , it is a prosperity issue , and it is a peace issue . "  Therefore when I talk about why we need to integrate women 's issues into discussions at the highest levels everywhere in the world , I 'm not doing it just because I have a personal commitment or because President Obama cares about it . I 'm doing it because it 's in the vital interests of the United States of America . " Clinton said the status of women will be a key part of a new document the State Department is planning to release this week . Modeled on the Defense Department 's review every four years of U.S. defenses , the "  quadrennial diplomacy and development review " will assess American foreign policy . TED.com : Zainab Salbi on women and wartime Clinton spoke of an array of initiatives and programs the State Department is using , many involving technology that can empower women . Among them is a program in the wartorn Democratic Republic of Congo that enables women who are the victims of violence to record and transmit their testimony in criminal cases through the use of mobile phones . Clinton 's talk did not mention the ongoing worldwide controversy over the release of thousands of U.S. diplomatic cables by WikiLeaks . She did pay tribute to Elizabeth Edwards , who died the day before her talk . "  She lived with a fierce intelligence , a passion , a sense of purpose , " Clinton said . "  She would have appreciated this event , where we are coming together to look for solutions . " The TED Women conference was a new event organized by TED , a nonprofit that runs conferences and makes talks available on its website , and by the Paley Center for Media . Clinton said the effort to empower women and girls faces cultural barriers : "  The low value that many families and societies place on girls makes possible many of the worst abuses they suffer . But even among girls who are spared the worst , too often it is a girl who is still the first to drop out of school , the last to be fed , the last to receive medical care . And in too many places , she is taught there are special limits to what is possible for her . "  We need to reach out to faith leaders and community leaders to change the perception and treatment of girls , and to persuade men and boys to value their sisters and their daughters , their talents and their intrinsic worth . "	Hillary Clinton spoke at the TED Women conference on U.S. policy on girls , women She said empowering girls and women is vital for peace and security Clinton said sending a girl to school increases her earnings and improves her family 's health Empowering girls faces cultural obstacles that must be overcome , she said
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Three weeks after BP plugged its crippled Macondo oil well in the Gulf of Mexico with cement and mud from above , crews are "  fishing " for pieces of drill pipe that need to be removed from inside the well 's blowout preventer before crews can move on to the "  bottom kill " -- the permanent fix for the well . Once those pieces of drill pipe are retrieved , crews will be able to replace the Macondo well 's old blowout preventer with a new one awaiting use on the nearby ship , the Development Driller II , BP spokeswoman Catherine Hill confirmed Thursday . Meanwhile , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist on Thursday discontinued a state of emergency for the Keys  Monroe County  and 18 other peninsula coastal counties threatened by the spill . Seven Panhandle counties -- Escambia , Santa Rosa , Okaloosa , Walton , Bay , Gulf and Franklin -- are to remain under an extended state of emergency in order to qualify for economic aid , Crist 's office said in a statement . Thad Allen , the man in charge of the government response to the Gulf oil crisis , said Wednesday that the "  fishing " operations had been delayed by a buildup of hydrates -- chemicals that form at low temperatures and high pressures toward the sea floor -- that temporarily jammed the cap that trapped oil in the well starting on July 15 . Crews flushed the system to loosen the cap and began "  fishing " through the top of the well again . BP definitely plans to remove at least two smaller , cut pieces of pipe , but the status of a third , longer piece of drill pipe is unclear -- and that will affect how crews proceed , Allen said . He added that they are trying to determine if the third piece was affected by the cement poured into the top of the well during the "  static kill , " process at the beginning of August -- and if so , how . Crews are trying to determine what to do if they ca n't retrieve the third piece of pipe . They may have to try to remove the old blowout prevent with the third piece of drill pipe still attached , Allen said . The retired Coast Guard admiral said Wednesday he is "  hesitant " to give out any timeline for the process until they figure out the condition of the third piece of drill pipe . Crews need to replace the blowout preventer to ensure that the pressure inside the Macondo well will remain at a safe level when they intercept the Macondo well through a relief well at nearly 18,000 feet deep . "  Our first goal is to do no harm , " Allen said in a teleconference last week . Investigators also want to examine the original blowout preventer , which did not work properly to choke off the well as it should have . Once the new blowout preventer is in place and Allen gives crews the green light to resume drilling , it will take them about four days to prepare , drill the final 50 feet of a relief well and intercept the main well . Then , the "  bottom kill " process of plugging the well from below will begin . Allen has said cementing will require another several days . The environmental disaster began after an April 20 explosion on the offshore drilling platform Deepwater Horizon that killed 11 men . Two days later , the platform sank and oil from the Macondo well underwater started gushing into the Gulf . Investigators do n't want the drill pipe to damage the blowout preventer because they want to see it "  as is " to determine the blowout preventer 's role in the calamity . The government says 205.8 million gallons of oil escaped from the well before it was sealed on July 15 . Even though oil has not flowed from the well site since July 15 , seven Panhandle counties including Escambia , Santa Rosa , Okaloosa , Walton , Bay , Gulf and Franklin are to remain under an extended state of emergency in order to qualify for economic aid under state and federal disaster guidelines . There have been no reported physical oil impacts to the Keys from the April 20 Transocean/BP explosion and subsequent spill , according to Captain Pat DeQuattro , sector Coast Guard Key West sector commander CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report	NEW : Florida calls off state of emergency for several peninsula coastal counties Crews in the Gulf are trying to remove three pieces of drill pipe from the sunken well The work was delayed by a chemical buildup that jammed the entryway to the well Once the drill pipe is removed , crew can move on to a permanent shutdown of the well
CNN  -- Not so long ago , having a layover between flights was like having skin graft surgery between root canals . That 's begun to change . With airport amenities classy enough to impress a card-carrying Kardashian , you might even consider yourself lucky to have a few hours to spare between legs these days -- provided you know where to make your next connection . From bare bones basics like spa services to sustainable gourmet cuisine crafted by celebrity chefs and designer boutiques that would n't be out of place on Rodeo Drive , some American airports offer travelers an experience better than certain destinations . San Francisco International Airport  SFO A $ 383 million renovation in 2008 turned this airport  most notably , Terminal 2  into an all-in-one luxury destination for shoppers , foodies and art aficionados . Travelers , tourists and locals flock to the SFO Museum . Opened 1980 , it was the first museum of its kind located in an international airport and it has only grown since then , having spread throughout all four terminals . From modern photography to Pan-Asian ceramics , a rotating array of exhibitions is designed to intrigue a cross-section of visitors . For those with a tot in tow , there 's also a children 's museum , complete with art classes and even an aquarium  Terminal 1  . The new packet of salty peanuts for the 21st century is caviar , available to go at Simply Gourmet in Terminal 1 , along with various truffles , meats and cheeses . Over in T2 , Napa Farms Market is a hybrid gourmet food shop/cafe/takeout / wine store curated by Steve Carlin of the famed Oxbow Market . There 's also wine bar Vino Volo . Once you 've had your fill of sustainable Californian cuisine , Napa Valley wine and San Francisco culture , the International Terminal houses Gucci , Burberry and Swarovski shops as well as an Xpress Spa , in case you need a quick rubdown . Miami International Airport  MIA Taking the museum-in-airport trend to the next level , MIA too boasts an impressive art collection , one that 's reflective of the South Florida community . In fact , Americans for the Arts declared it one of the best public art projects in the nation . And while the dining options fall short of "  fine , " the best offerings are fresh , delicious and capture the city 's festive spirit . Casual Cuban spot Ku-Va  Terminal D  is renown for its ropa vieja and mojitos on the go . On the celebrity chef-helmed side , Lorena Garcia Cocina  also Terminal D  offers ceviche , empanadas and other Latin-influenced fare , much of it scratch-made daily . But where MIA really excels is shopping . Beyond high-end standbys like Hugo Boss , Emporio Armani and Thomas Pink , Terminal G boasts Jack Georges , purveyor of maniacally handcrafted leather goods . Likewise , Terminal D is home to Coco Bay , where ladies of taste can take some laid-back Miami home to their closets . The piece de resistance is The Shoppes at Ocean Drive . A first-of-its-kind retail concept , this 10,000-square-foot luxury mini-mall is curated with Miami 's iconic Ocean Drive magazine . Inside you 'll find the highest-end apparel and accessories to make those last-minute souvenirs seem thoughtful , and an epic gourmet shop that even sells South Florida 's famous stone crabs to go . If all this luxury proves too exhausting , there are three spas on site with services ranging from a 10-minute manicure to a cellulite-reducing galvanic massage at Jetsetter Spa  Terminal H  . Logan International Airport , Boston  BOS Not as overtly luxurious as SFO or MIA , Boston 's Logan has its share of topnotch offerings , especially in the eating category . Terminal A has Legal Test Kitchen , a saucy offshoot of the Legal Seafood empire , where innovative technology combines with top-notch ingredients for a trendy and ever-evolving menu with a killer wine list . Meanwhile , James Beard Rising Star Chef Todd English serves his signature Argentinean , European and American fusion at Bonfire Restaurant in Terminal B. Juicy steaks and succulent tacos are crowd pleasers . English also had a hand in developing Ozone , a contemporary cocktail lounge that offers light bites . Then , of course , there 's Legal Seafoods itself  Terminal C  , where New England 's old school , fish-centric fare is the focus . These days , it comes with an allergy-friendly twist . At the entrance to Terminal E , Dine Boston welcomes a new , locally acclaimed chef every three months as part of its visiting chef program . Not only does it keep the menu exciting , a stamped receipt grants diners access to priority security lines . Shopping options are n't vast , but Northeasterners from New York to New Hampshire ca n't get enough of jewelry designers Alex + Ani , whose Terminal B store glistens with sparkly goods . The Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse  JFK OK , so John F. Kennedy Airport as a whole could use an overhaul , but trust Richard Branson to be ahead of the curve . His 10,000-square-foot Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse in Terminal 4 cost $ 7 million to build and the results rival any hip , metropolitan hotel when it comes to style and atmosphere . Signature cocktails invented by top-shelf mixologists and beers tapped from New York 's best microbreweries are served to travelers lounging in designer Eames , Saarinen and Jacobsen chairs . Fusion fare is available from the in-house brasserie , which serves smoked haddock frittatas for breakfast and curry spiced grilled tilapia thereafter . For the travel-haggard , stylists from New York 's famed Bumble and Bumble salon  where they use their own products , as well as Dr. Haruschka and Truefitt & Hill  are on hand in case you need a haircut or blow dry , and spa services include a free 15-minute massage for paying customers . There are also Mac workstations and a billiards table . With the lone exception of extended spa treatments like deep facials and aromatherapy oil massages , it 's all complimentary for Virgin Business Class and Gold Members . Detroit Metropolitan Airport  DTW A high-end whimsy is at play in the recently renovated McNamara and North Terminals , making parting with your money in the Motor City far more voluntary than it used to be . Before a glass of northern Michigan red at Vino Volo , layoverers can swing on the PGA Tour Shop 's virtual golf simulator in the Central Link Area of the McNamara Terminal , offering a virtual shot at the famous 18 hole at Pebble Beach . Fashion forward types , design junkies and car aficionados alike will enjoy browsing in the first Porsche Design store in any airport worldwide , which opened in late 2012 in the McNamara Terminal . DTW is home to a handful of well-reviewed , high-end restaurants , the most novel of which is PB&J  McNamara Terminal  , where peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are made to order . Gourmet additions like bacon and honey  on freshly baked bread of your choice  bring this grammar school classic up to food snob altitude . Ralph Lauren 's daughter 's first airport outpost of Dylan 's Candy Bar arrives shortly in McNamara Terminal , presenting patrons with a Sophie 's choice between angel food and red velvet cakes to go . And finally , Be-Relax Spa in the McNamara terminal offers massages , facials , oxygen therapy and manicures .	Enough with the Admiral 's Lounge free coffee . It 's 2013 -- let 's fly like it Miami International has one of the best public art collections anywhere in the country A golf simulator in Detroit Metropolitan offers virtual shots at the famed 18 hole at Pebble Beach Boston Logan has genuinely great food
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir , who faces charges of crimes against humanity , visited Zimbabwe on Sunday for a regional trade meeting . Sudan president Omar al-Bashir is the first head of state ever indicted by the ICC . Al-Bashir landed Saturday in the capital , Harare , for the two-day African leaders ' summit of the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa  COMESA  . The International Criminal Court issued an arrest warrant for al-Bashir on March 4 , accusing him of complicity in war crimes and crimes against humanity in his government 's campaign against rebels in Darfur in western Sudan . It was the first arrest warrant for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal , based at The Hague in the Netherlands . Sudan expelled 13 international aid agencies from the Darfur region after the warrant was issued . Al-Bashir has denied the charges , calling them an attempt by Western powers to recolonize Sudan . The conflict in Darfur began in 2003 after rebels in the western region of Sudan began attacking government positions . The government responded with a fierce military campaign that has left about 300,000 dead and more than 2.5 million displaced , the United Nations estimates . The International Criminal Court has no arrest powers and depends on its 106-member states to take suspects into custody . Al-Bashir has visited other counties , including Qatar and Ethiopia , since the warrant was issued . In Zimbabwe , the summit will be at the Victoria Falls , a popular tourism spot on the Zambezi River . Sudan is a member of the trade group , which consists of 19 African nations .	Sudan president Omar al-Bashir visits Zimbabwe despite arrest warrant ICC accused al-Bashir of alleged war crime against rebels in Darfur Al-Bashir has denied charges against him
CNN  Can a prayer for diamonds actually turn up a gem ? When you 're exploring the fields at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro , Arkansas , the odds are higher than usual . "  Are you going to bless me and let me find a diamond today ? " That was Susie Clark 's prayer on April 23 , according to the state park service . Soon after , Clark , who is from Evening Shade , Arkansas , saw a 3.69-carat white , teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field . Inspired by her prayer , Clark named it the Hallelujah Diamond . She plans to keep it . The diamond , which is the largest found at the park so far this year , is about the size of a pinto bean , says park interpreter Waymon Cox . "  And it 's the largest one found since April 16 , 2014 , when a 6.19-carat white diamond , named the Limitless Diamond , was found at the park , " he said , according to a park press release . It 's the 122nd diamond found at Crater of Diamonds this year . Visitors get to keep what they find at the state park 's 37.5-acre search field , which is named for an ancient eruption that scattered the area with gems . The area , which became a state park in 1972 , is the only public site in the world where -- for a small fee -- anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them . It 's not clear how much the diamond is worth , and park officials are n't trained to appraise them , according to the park website . But Oklahoman Tara Clymer sold a 3.85-carat diamond she found at the park last year for $ 20,000 . 50 states , 50 spots : Natural wonders Park staff regularly plow the area to bring more diamonds to the surface for visitors to discover . The 40.23-carat Uncle Sam , the nation 's largest diamond , was found in 1924 , and the "  perfect " 3.03-carat Strawn-Wagner diamond was found in 1990 . The Strawn-Wagner Diamond was cut in 1997 by the renowned diamond firm Lazare Kaplan International of New York . The now 1.09-carat diamond is on display at the park visitor center . The park stretches for more than 900 acres along the Little Missouri River , but the diamond field is the main attraction . More than 75,000 diamonds have been discovered there since farmer John Huddleston discovered gems on what was then his property in 1906 .	Arkansas woman finds a 3.69-carat diamond in Arkansas state park Crater of Diamonds is the planet 's only public diamond search site
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- Oil-rich Southern Sudan will review international contracts when it becomes independent , its minister of investment told CNN Sunday , focusing particular attention on the French company Total . "  We will review the contracts that have been signed , look at them critically , make sure that we remain happy , " Investment Minister Oyay Deng Ajak said . Total is not developing an enormous oil field it has held since the 1970s despite recent entreaties from Southern Sudan to do so , Ajak said . "  After the war we asked them to come in . They have not yet come in , " he said , suggesting that the newly independent country would break up the block Total holds and auction parts off to other companies . "  The block that was given to them is the whole of Jonglei state , the largest state here , " he said . "  We are going to look at it . We are going to divide the block into two or three or four ... there is no reason why we can allow one company to monopolize our resources . " Southern Sudan is due to become independent July 9 after fighting a war against the north and then voting peacefully for independence . It needs huge levels of foreign investment to develop an infrastructure . In addition to Total , China and Malaysia are big investors in Southern Sudan 's oil fields .	The oil-rich land is on the verge of independence from the north The company that holds the rights to one of its biggest oil blocks is n't developing it , official says Southern Sudan needs foreign investment to develop an infrastructure
CNN  -- Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson has defended the club 's American owners telling CNN he has "  no complaints " with the way they have done their job . The 18-time English league champions were bought by the Glazer family in 2005 but have long been targeted by the club 's supporters for running up huge debts . Though United have recently been rated as the world 's most valuable sporting club by Forbes they still have estimated debts of over $ 1bn , leading many fans to call for a change of ownership . A group of wealthy businessmen called the Red Knights tried to launch a takeover bid last season but were knocked back , and now Ferguson has insisted the current owners are doing a good job . Is this the real Alex Ferguson ? He told CNN : "  The debt has come through by the club being bought out by an owner . You know fine well that when a business is bought it 's usually bought with debt . "  Because it 's a football club it seems to attract a different type of negative reporting via the media and , particularly some of our fans . "  But Manchester United football club , when it went plc , it was always going to be bought . It was inevitable . So when a particular family like the Glazers have bought it , it 's unfair they come in for criticism because anybody could have bought it . "  I have to say they 've done their job well . They support myself , the manager , they 've supported the players . I 've never been refused when I 've asked for money for a player . "  So what can I do other than carry on the way we 're doing it and the way I 'm allowed to carry on , I 've no complaints . " Ferguson is about to enter his 24th season as manager of one of the world 's most high profile clubs . In that time he has won 11 English league titles and two European Cups . Speaking to CNN World Sport anchor Terry Baddoo on the club 's pre-season tour of the United States , 68-year-old Ferguson reiterated his desire to continue as manager as long as he retains his health . He said : "  I 'm at the right club , it 's a fantastic club , it demands a challenge all the time . Every day , every year there 's the challenge of being at the top and that helps me . I think you need good natural energy and I 've been blessed with that . "  What you have to do is maintain the success of the club and make sure no matter when I quit the club is always in good hands and that 's when I come back to the point about having young players . "  There 's no need for a complete overhaul of the playing squad . I 've got 12 players aged 21 or under which means the future should be pretty secure with them . "  Whenever I do go , and I do n't seeing that being tomorrow , having my health is important . If I 've got my health I can carry on . There will be a point when I do quit but when it is I 've absolutely no idea . "  I tried it a few years ago and it was an absolute disaster . My wife made me change my mind and she was dead right . But when the time comes , I think the club should be ok . "	Alex Ferguson tells CNN he has "  no complaints " with Man Utd owners the Glazer family Glazers bought Manchester United in 2005 but debts now stand at around $ 1bn Ferguson says he will continue as Manchester United manager as long as he is healthy United boss spoke to CNN World Sport on club 's pre-season tour of the U.S.
CNN  -- While English has long been the de facto language of international business , more multinational companies are now mandating that employees communicate only in English . According to Tsedal Neeley , a professor at Harvard Business School , companies that do n't adopt English as a standard for their entire organization will , at some point , "  experience some form of bottleneck . " "  It depends on what the company does , but if you 'll have members in different countries needing to collaborate -- whether it 's to integrate technology platforms or cater to customers worldwide -- it will become more important that even middle managers and employees with international assignments will need a common language in order to interface with others . " Airbus , Daimler-Chrysler , Nokia , Renault , Samsung and Microsoft Beijing have all mandated English as their corporate language , writes Neeley in the May 2012 edition of Harvard Business Review -- and she says more than 70 Danish companies have now migrated to English . In 2010 , Japanese internet services company Rakuten made headlines when it announced it would become an English-only organization , with all communication , verbal and email , in English . "  English is the only global language , " CEO Hiroshi Mikitani told CNN at the time . "  We 're doing a global business . I think this is the only way a Japanese service organization can become a global organization . " "  If you want to become successful in other countries , you need to internationalize the headquarters , " he added . To help make the transition , Japanese language signage was removed from cafeterias and elevators . Mikitani even conducts performance reviews with his Japanese executives in English , according to Neeley . If this sounds bewildering for employees , it can be . Two years into an English-only implementation at one company Neeley studied , 70 % of employees reported feeling frustrated with the policy . That 's why she says businesses must plan carefully before implementing an English-only policy . "  In the absence of language strategies , you see so many people getting hurt and diminished , " Neeley says . "  When a company announces a language change without any thought or preparation for employees , many people lose the promotional path that they 've spent their whole lives developing . " See also : Is workplace boredom ` the new stress ? ' Shifting a company 's entire operations into a new language is n't easy . But Neeley , who has studied corporate language strategy for a decade , has some suggestions . • Companies need a clear , well-aligned strategy and "  it needs to be supported and implemented at all levels of the organization , from the CEO down to the supervisor/manager of every employee who is subject to having to convert to a new language , " she says . • Off-the-rack tuition wo n't cut it . "  English lessons alone are not enough , " Neeley says . "  If you have an aggressive environment where people work an extraordinary amount of hours and they 're challenged with goals , language vendors need to help make sure you 're capable of learning successfully while being successful at your job . " The best results come when instruction is customized to employees ' roles , with vocabulary geared specifically towards the types of emails they write , for instance . • Go for broke . While some companies choose to become bilingual before adopting English wholesale , Neeley says this is "  incredibly expensive and unsustainable . " • Those with English as a first language need to make adjustments too . "  Native speakers need to learn how to dial themselves down and how to accommodate others , " Neeley says . • Managers should adopt a zero-tolerance policy to backsliding , to make it clear that the change to English is not only possible but permanent . Depending on the company 's size , resources and the aggressiveness of its pursuit of English , Neeley estimates implementation is "  a four to 10-year odyssey " , with ongoing maintenance required thereafter . But she says the journey is worth it , pointing out that a company with English proficiency across the board has greater operational agility and "  can serve all of their market seamlessly by using all of their human capital worldwide to achieve any end . " See also : Is happiness the secret of success ? Immediately after acquiring a Canadian company , Rakuten was able to deploy seven of its top engineers to Toronto , to begin integration processes , according to Neeley . "  Two years ago they could have never done that , " she says . "  That shows the extent to which expertise and knowledge flows through the company in ways it would n't otherwise . " For individuals too , there are benefits . Depending on their fluency and how far their career has advanced , an employee may experience performance anxiety and job insecurity when asked to work in a new language . But , Neeley says , as fluency increases , the emotional strain diminishes and bilingualism becomes something enjoyable . Perhaps even profitable . "  You also see them starting to shoot up in their careers , " Neeley observes . "  They begin to take on roles that require more and more communication in the English language . "	More companies mandating English as their corporate language , says Harvard Business School professor Japanese company Rakuten is among those that have gone "  English only " Expert says employees can experience performance anxiety while making transition to English
CNN  President Obama 's new tax plan includes some sensible ideas . Unfortunately , it would mean increasing taxes on saving and investment , which are key drivers of economic growth , according to various experts . On balance , I believe the plan moves in the wrong direction . The President 's proposal to boost the earned income tax credit for childless low-wage workers is a sensible step to strengthen the social safety net and encourage people to work . Expanding the credit , an idea also put forward by Ways and Means Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , would draw childless adults into the labor force and give them income support . The President is also proposing two supply-side measures that would reduce barriers to work . Under today 's tax system , secondary earners often face high tax rates based on the couple 's combined earnings . That penalizes two-earner couples and discourages spouses from entering the work force . Some supporters of the tax penalty see it as a way to strengthen their vision of traditional family values . But Americans should be free to choose their own family values , without interference from the tax system . Obama tax plan : Middle-class credits , increases for rich The President 's plan would reduce the tax bias against two-earner couples by providing a second-earner credit and expanding the credit for child care costs . A bigger child care credit is particularly good tax policy . Any tax system that taxes workers on their income should offer relief for work-related costs . Child care costs are definitely work-related ; statistical studies confirm that the availability of cheaper child care promotes work by parents , particularly mothers . However , even as the President 's plan eases tax barriers to work , it introduces major obstacles to saving . The plan starts on the right track , with measures to make it easier for people to save at their workplaces . But it turns around and strikes a heavy blow against saving by taxing some capital gains at death and raising the top tax rate on capital gains and dividends . Those proposals would amplify the income tax 's central flaw , its penalty on saving . People who earn wages and spend them immediately pay tax only on their wages . But those who earn wages , save and consume the proceeds in the future pay tax on both their wages and the returns on their saving . It does n't make sense to put heavier tax burdens on people who choose to save for the future rather than spend today , particularly when their savings finance the investments that drive the economy 's long-run growth . Taxing capital gains at death could be a step forward if tax rates on capital gains and dividends were cut by enough to prevent an increase in the overall burden on saving . For that matter , the combination of taxing gains at death and raising the rates could be a step forward if it was offset by scaling back the corporate income tax , a particularly complicated and destructive levy on saving and investment . But that 's a far cry from what the President is proposing . His plan would leave the corporate income tax in place while taxing capital gains at death and increasing the top tax rate on gains and dividends by more than 4 percentage points  on top of an increase of almost 9 percentage points in 2013  . Taxing the savings of "  the 1 % " to finance tax cuts for the middle class may be good politics , but it 's a shortsighted approach that could undermine long-run economic growth . A better approach would have been to curtail the growth of entitlement benefits for those well above poverty and to limit tax breaks for expensive owner-occupied homes . The President has put forward some good ideas to help childless low-wage workers and ease the tax penalty on two-earner couples . But it would be a big mistake to pay for them by penalizing the saving and investment on which our economic future depends .	Alan Viard : President Obama 's plan to increase taxes on saving and investment may not be wise Viard : It does n't make sense to put heavier tax burdens on people who choose to save for the future rather than spend today
CNN  -- A fired employee of Episcopal High School in Jacksonville , Florida , returned to the school Tuesday , shot and killed the headmistress and then killed himself , authorities said . The gunman , who was terminated earlier in the day and carried an assault rifle in a guitar case , went to the office of Headmistress Dale Regan , Undersheriff Dwain Senterfitt with the Jackonsville Sheriff 's Office told reporters . "  He shot and killed Ms. Regan and then he killed himself , " he said . The sheriff 's office later identified the suspected gunman as 28-year-old Shane Schumerth . No students were believed to be involved in the incident . "  Our prayers go out to the Episcopal community , " Senterfitt said , noting that he knew Regan personally and that his daughter had recently graduated from the same private school . "  It 's a tough day for us . " Regan had worked at Episcopal High School for 34 years , according to Kate Moorehead , dean of St. John 's Cathedral in Jacksonville . "  We have full confidence that Dale Regan is already with God and in heaven , " she said . "  We ask you to please pray for us as a community . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities identify the suspected gunman as Shane Schumerth , 28 No students were believed to be involved in the incident The headmistress killed had worked at the private school for 34 years The fired employee returned to the school with an assault rifle , authorities say
CNN  -- Finally , fans of the world 's most famous boy wizard can follow his fight against the evil Lord Voldemort on their e-readers . The entire "  Harry Potter " series is now available in digital form at Pottermore , author J.K. Rowling 's website for all things Potter , ending what was easily the biggest e-book holdout in the literary world . The books come in a downloadable format that is compatible with all leading e-readers , tablets , personal computers and smartphones -- including Amazon 's Kindle and Barnes & Noble 's Nook . Readers seeking the e-books on Amazon or Barnes & Noble 's site will be directed to Pottermore to buy them . "  For years our customers have loved reading Harry Potter books in print , and have made them the best-selling print book series on Amazon.com , " said Russ Grandinetti , Amazon 's vice president of Kindle content . "  We 're excited that Harry Potter fans worldwide are now able to read J.K. Rowling 's fantastic books on their Kindles and free Kindle reading apps . " "  By offering the NOOK editions of this popular series , long-time fans and first-time readers can experience the magic of Harry Potter in a new , exciting way and read what they love , anywhere they like , " offered Jim Hilt , Vice President of e-books for Barnes & Noble . All seven books in the series will be available in English , at prices ranging from $ 7.99 to $ 9.99 , through an agreement with Pottermore . Rowling did n't agree to make the books available digitally at all until last year , a full 14 years after the first , "  Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , " was published .  It was published in the United States as "  Sorcerer 's Stone " the following year  . "  I wanted to give something back to the fans that have followed Harry so devotedly over the years , and to bring the stories to a new digital generation , " the British author said last year in an announcement on YouTube . "  I hope fans and those new to Harry will have as much fun helping to shape Pottermore as I have . " The content side of the Pottermore site , which promises users an interactive journey through the Harry Potter universe , is still in beta testing . It 's scheduled to go live in April . Not always a fan of the latest technology , Rowling famously wrote the Potter series by hand . Through the years , Rowling and her representatives expressed two reasons for being slow to the e-book world : a fear of online piracy and the desire for readers to experience her books the old-fashioned way . The Harry Potter books have sold more than 400 million copies and been translated into more than 60 languages . Tuesday 's e-book launch is the second time Rowling has made news in recent weeks . Late last month , she announced that she 's working on an adult novel -- rumored to be a crime thriller .	` Harry Potter ' books finally come to Kindle , Nook Author J.K. Rowling had feared online piracy of the beloved texts Rowling famously writes longhand on paper
CNN  -- Cycling at the Tour de France has taken a techie turn . Nike 's Web site shows messages written by a Chalkbot on the Tour de France course . Not only is Lance Armstrong posting to Twitter from the race , but a Chalkbot -- a robot that writes in water-soluble paint -- is scribing messages onto the road , offering inspiration to the competitors and to cancer survivors . The Chalkbot takes input from text messages and Twitter posts sent by the public . The robot , a tractor-like device that 's pulled around by a truck , then paints those messages in large yellow letters along the Tour de France course . The letters face the riders so they can read them on their journey during the grueling annual race , which ends July 26 in Paris . Nathan Martin , CEO of Deeplocal , a mobile software company in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , helped design the robot as part of an ad campaign for Nike . He said the Chalkbot is part of a trend in art and marketing : Digital creations are taking on real-world forms to get noticed and to have greater impact . "  We have so much clutter and no editorship -LSB- online -RSB- , " he said . "  You can launch new Web sites all the time , but it 's really hard to stand out . I think the way to stand out is for people to think you have a real impact on your lives . " That sense of true impact is best achieved through real-world manifestations of online art , he said . The temporary paint messages are a high-tech take on old traditions at the Tour de France , said Derek Kent , a spokesman for Nike . "  If you talk to any cyclist , they 'll tell you there 's a longstanding tradition to chalk messages of support , " he said . "  And what we 've done is taken that insight and bought it to another level , so that someone in Asia can participate in the Tour and feel a part of something bigger . " The Chalkbot ad campaign ties in with Livestrong , nickname of the Lance Armstrong Foundation , which is devoted to cancer research and was founded by U.S. cyclist Armstrong , a cancer survivor . Kent said many of the messages drawn by the Chalkbot are from cancer survivors or their friends and family . A photo of one road message posted on Nike 's Web site says "  My mom climbed over Mt. Cancer . " Another says "  If not us who / if not now when . " People who send text messages or Twitter posts will be notified if their notes are chalked onto the road in France , Martin said . The robot takes a picture of the words on the road and sends that image , along with GPS coordinates , to the person who submitted it , he said . Martin said the Chalkbot was writing about 200 messages per day in the early days of the tour , which kicked off July 4 . Some towns along the route have banned the robot from writing on their streets , but most sections of the course have supported the ad campaign , he said . The robot writes its messages in paint that washes away quickly , he said . Martin declined to say how much the robot cost to build but said the effort is far less expensive than developing a television commercial . The Chalkbot looks somewhat like a farm tractor and is fitted with 48 nozzles that spray out a mixture of air and temporary paint . A truck pulls the robot along the course at about 5 mph , and a person with a laptop sends commands to the device , telling it which messages to spray onto the road , according to Deeplocal . To send a message to the Chalkbot , post a message to @chalkbot on Twitter , followed by the tag #LIVESTRONG , or text LIVESTRONG , followed by a message , to 36453 . Messages must be 40 characters or less . Check out this video on Nike 's site to see the Chalkbot in action .	Chalkbot scrawls text messages and Twitter posts on Tour de France route The tractor-like robot is part of an ad campaign for Nike People whose messages are chosen receive pictures of their text on the road Robot 's creator says idea is part of trend in art : digital creations become real
London , England  CNN  -- With a glittering career on the pitch , Nwankwo Kanu is Nigeria 's most iconic footballer . Born in Owerri , the capital of the southern state of Imo , Nigeria ; by the age of 17 Kanu was already far from home , playing for Ajax in the Netherlands . Africa 's most decorated footballer has had a career spanning almost two decades . In this time he has captained the Nigerian side to win Olympic gold in 1996 , won the European Cup with Ajax , the English Premier League title and FA Cup with Arsenal and scored the winning goal for Portsmouth in the 2008 FA Cup Final . All this despite undergoing major heart surgery in 1996 after doctors spotted a faulty heart-valve . He has since established the successful Kanu Heart Foundation as well as the The Kanu Football Foundation to help young African footballers . Now near the end of his career , Kanu talks exclusively to CNN about what he loves most about the country he represents on and off the pitch . CNN : What does Nigeria mean to you ? Nwankwo Kanu : Nigeria is where I come from , it 's part of my life and part of being who I am . I grew up in Nigeria and I think for me it means a lot . It means everything to me . The country has been blessed by God . It 's a country where the population is big and they are hard working people and religious people . CNN : Where are your favorite places to go in Nigeria ? NK : I love to go to the East , but also my town of Owerri . It 's a very small town , a very quiet area , but the people they love enjoyment and it 's all about life . They like to have fun and enjoy themselves to the fullest , but when it 's late they go to sleep -- no violence , no negative things , it 's all about positives . CNN : What do you miss most about Nigeria ? NK : The people and the behavior of the people . You miss their way of life and the way they live , the enjoyment and their hardworking nature . I also miss the food -- the spicy food . The dish I miss the most is edikang ikong , which is like a vegetable soup -- very , very good for the system . CNN : How has Nigeria changed in your lifetime ? NK : I think that every developing country keeps on developing . For a lot of years now , Nigeria has been growing and developing in terms of infrastructure and communications and it keeps growing . I think people are putting their heads together and trying to make things get better in the country . For me , it 's getting better year by year . CNN : What does the future hold for Nigeria ? NK : The sky is the limit . The future is bright . We have 150 million people and the way we are developing , I think the future is there for the younger generation who are coming up . The opportunities are there and the future is bright . People are always afraid of Nigeria and I do n't think that idea of Nigeria is right or true . People can go and enjoy Nigeria , it 's a very good and lovely country and we have good people with very good hearts who can welcome you .	Nigerian born striker Nwankwo Kanu is Africa 's most decorated footballer He has played for Ajax , Inter Milan , Arsenal and is captain of Nigeria 's Super Eagles He believes the pre-conceived notions of his country are wrong
Elephants are being killed in Africa at an alarming rate by increasingly efficient and well-armed poachers as international demand soars for the ivory from their tusks , wildlife conservation groups say . The slaughter , described by some activists as unprecedented , is enabled by ineffective law enforcement , official corruption , porous borders and a rapidly expanding population seeking sustenance , the groups say . And it is being driven by a growing appetite for ivory products in increasingly affluent Asian countries , particularly China and Thailand . "  China has taken over Japan as the world 's largest ivory consumer . And from 2006 to last year , the ivory price in China has tripled . So that 's why some Chinese buy ivory products in Africa with dollars and smuggle them back to China to sell for a better price , " said Grace Gabriel , Asia regional director for the International Fund for Animal Welfare . But Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said his government has taken a firm stance on ivory trafficking . "  We have enacted corresponding laws and regulations , and made significant efforts in enforcing them , " he said . "  We have made positive contributions to tackling ivory trafficking activities worldwide . We will keep this momentum going in our future work . " African elephant slaughter highest in more than two decades Gabriel said the Chinese government has done a "  great job " in banning online trade of ivory products , ordering online shopping sites to remove such items and closing ivory trade websites . But she said that while 136 Chinese retailers are authorized to sell ivory products , many more illegal stores have set up shop , according to International Fund for Animal Welfare investigations . The numbers available are stark : The poaching of elephants is the most intense it has been in a decade , and the number of documented ivory seizures has reached its highest level since 1989 , a group of agencies that monitor elephant populations and the ivory trade said in June . The elephant population in central Africa , where the worst of the killing is believed to be taking place , has dropped significantly over the past 10 years , according to estimates cited by Bas Huijbregts , head of field programs for the conservation organization WWF in the Congo Basin region . The level of butchery is a throwback to the 1980s , when an estimated 100,000 elephants were being killed every year , according to WWF . The Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora in 1989 outlawed the international ivory trade and sharply reduced illegal killing in some countries . The chief reason for the deteriorating situation today is the rising demand in Asia and the weak law enforcement against poachers and illegal ivory traders in central African countries like the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic , Huijbregts said . Little is being done to prosecute the people in those countries who run the ivory trade , he said , largely because they are often local government officials who use their authority to sidestep inspections and intimidate law enforcement agents . Cathay Pacific bans shipping of shark products "  They do n't hunt themselves , but they use their government status , and indeed their government vehicles , to organize the crime behind the scenes , " said Huijbregts , who has spent 16 years working in the region . Wildlife wardens in rural areas can have little incentive to risk their publicly funded jobs by pursuing and prosecuting powerful local officials , he said . The money to be made from killing elephants for a living is also tempting for many people in the region , where population growth is rapid and poverty rates are high . "  With the price of ivory skyrocketing over the past few years , it becomes a very lucrative business for local people , " Huijbregts said . The wildlife wardens are often outgunned by the poachers , whose growing use of automatic firearms and other weapons has been documented by conservation groups . They are also now confronting not just local poachers , but also seasoned fighters from war-torn areas of the continent like Sudan , conservationists say . Once the ivory has been harvested from the slaughtered elephants , it is transported across thinly and badly policed borders to ports in countries like Kenya and Nigeria . From the trading hubs , it is shipped abroad , mainly to Asia . "  Most illegal shipments of African elephant ivory end up in either China or Thailand , " according to TRAFFIC , an organization that monitors the wildlife trade . The biggest demand is from China , Huijbregts said , where ivory household items , like chopsticks , are increasingly sought after by tens of millions of people newly enriched by the country 's past decade of meteoric economic growth . Ivory is also purchased as a collector 's item or for investment , Gabriel said . Thailand is also a good market for the criminal gangs that traffic the ivory because it is a popular tourist destination with weak laws governing the sale of ivory products and lax policing , according to Huijbregts . Despite the bleak situation , efforts are under way to clamp down on the illegal trade , as the increase in elephant killing damages governments ' credibility and , in the case of incursions by foreign poachers , presents possible security threats . Some African countries are starting to share information about poaching between them , Huijbregts said . And Interpol has joined efforts to investigate those involved in the trade of ivory and other illicit wildlife products . The U.S. government has also been "  extremely active in the Congo Basin region in putting pressure on governments to take this issue seriously , " according to Huijbregts . "  There is light as well as darkness , " he said . Will elephants still roam earth in 20 years ?	China says it has enacted laws and regulations on ivory trafficking Elephant poaching is the worst it has been in 10 years , wildlife groups say It is being driven by strong demand for ivory from countries like China Weak law enforcement in central Africa enables the slaughter , activists say
RollingStone.com  -- Like many authors , Courtney Love is a victim of writer 's block . For over a year , the Hole singer has been penning a memoir with Rolling Stone writer Anthony Bozza . "  The Girl With the Most Cake " was originally supposed to hit bookshelves in December 2013 before being pushed back to early-2014 . Three-quarters of the way through the year and Love 's memoir is still nowhere on the release schedule , and as the singer tells Paper , do n't expect to be reading her life story anytime soon . As it turns out , not everyone can write a 460-page autobiography as quickly and easily as Morrissey . RS : Q&A with Courtney Love on her memoir and ` I 'm Still Alive ' tour "  It 's a disaster . A nightmare , " Love told Paper  via Billboard  of her memoir . "  I never wanted to write a book in my entire life . It just sort of happened . And I have a co-writer , but it 's just not working . " While Love originally told Rolling Stone the book would cover her life up until 2008 , she 's since subtracted a few years from the tome . "  What happens from 2006 on in the book is my personal business . I 've been discreet from that time on , and I want to keep it that way , " Love said . RS : Courtney Love wrote letters of apology over Springsteen diss When Love first discussed her memoir with Rolling Stone in June 2013 , she had high hopes for the book , citing Patti Smith 's "  Just Kids " and Russell Brand 's "  My Booky Wook " as influences .  But not Keith Richards ' "  Life , " since it was "  just so bloody long , I did n't even finish it . "  If and when Love 's memoir finally arrives through William Morrow at Harper Collins , she promises it will focus on her battles with drug addiction , her "  tragic romance " with Kurt Cobain , her relationships with Billy Corgan and Trent Reznor , and her early years as a stripper . While Love wo n't be hosting any book signings soon , you can see her on TV this fall : The 50-year-old rocker will appear in multiple episodes of "  Sons of Anarchy 's " upcoming season , where she 'll play a preschool teacher . Love also told Paper she hopes to reunite Hole 's classic lineup of Eric Erlandson , Patty Schemel and Melissa Auf der Maur at some point in 2015 . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The book has been over a year in the making It was originally scheduled for December 2013 Love says "  it 's just not working "
The colorful Boris Berezovsky , who died in unexplained circumstances over the weekend at a country estate south of London , was one of the Russian oligarchs who made fortunes following the breakup of the former USSR . But by the time of his death the 67-year-old was reportedly in financial difficulties after he was ordered to pay a massive divorce settlement to his ex-wife as well as legal costs following the loss of a $ 6.5 billion lawsuit against fellow oligarch Roman Abramovich last year . His high-stakes later years were a far cry from his earlier career as a Moscow math professor and systems analyst who switched to more lucrative jobs in post-Soviet Russia , said CNN 's Jill Dougherty , who interviewed him many times . Berezovsky went on to sell cars "  at a time when that was a luxury , " she said . "  There were a lot of people who wanted to buy them , and he parlayed that -- as so many of these oligarchs did -- into something much , much bigger . " While Berezovsky made a good portion of his money from luxury car sales , his wealth and political influence skyrocketed when he bought into Russian media . He invested in the Moscow Independent Broadcasting Corp. , which -- with TBS as a partner -- founded Moscow 's first independent television station , TV-6 . Under President Boris Yeltsin , the Russian Federation 's first president from 1991 to 1999 , "  there were really no rules governing anything , " Dougherty said . Businessmen who came to be known as oligarchs amassed massive wealth and political influence in the 1990s during the privatization of Russia following the fall of the Soviet Union . Those like Berezovsky wound up lending the fledgling Russian government money "  when it was desperate for money , " Dougherty said . "  These guys picked up companies on the cheap -- for pennies on the dollar . " A year or two later , the companies were worth much more , and the owners became wealthy . In return for backing Yeltsin , Berezovsky gained political influence within the Kremlin . He later backed Vladimir Putin for president , pouring money into the latter 's political party . But after he was elected , Putin saw that the oligarchs had the potential to gain too much political power and moved to thwart them , Dougherty said . It has been widely reported that Putin resented the meddling of the oligarchs , particularly Berezovsky . Berezovsky did not have an easy time of it as an oligarch . "  There were two attempts on his life , " said Stuart Loory , a former Turner Broadcasting System executive vice president and a former consultant to Berezovsky . "  One at his country home outside Moscow in a gated community . Somebody planted a bomb in his car and , fortunately , it did n't work very well . And the other was when he was leaving his club and there was a car bomb in the car and his driver was killed and he escaped without injury . " Within months of Putin 's election in 2000 , the government began trying to collect on tax claims against the oligarchs , including Berezovsky , who fled to Britain . Berezovsky began agitating from Britain against Putin , calling for a coup to oust the Russian president . In 2003 , as Russia was seeking his return , Berezovsky was granted political asylum by British authorities after they realized he was wanted on political grounds , not criminal , according to published reports at the time . The case strained relations between Moscow and London . Berezovsky was convicted of fraud and tax evasion in absentia by a Russian court in 2007 . He also accused Russia of trying to assassinate him , and eventually befriended Alexander Litvinenko , the FSB  the KGB 's successor  agent who claimed to have been sent to kill him . Litvinenko himself died at a London hospital November 23 , 2006 , from a massive dose of the radioactive material polonium-210 . In a deathbed statement he blamed Putin for his death , something the Kremlin strongly denied . Berezovsky later won libel damages in London over allegations that he was involved in Litvinenko 's death , which were broadcast April 1 , 2007 , on RTR 's news program Vesti Nedeli , or News of the Week . But he is believed to have been in serious financial difficulties after running up huge legal fees in recent years . In 2011 he paid out what was reported to have been Britain 's biggest-ever divorce settlement to ex-wife Galina Besharova . The Daily Telegraph said the settlement was worth up to # 220 million  $ 330 million  . And Berezovsky made headlines the following year after losing what was called one of the most expensive private lawsuits in history against Abramovich , a former friend and ally . Berezovsky sued Abramovich , owner of Chelsea Football Club , for $ 5.1 billion , alleging that he was forced to sell his stake in the Russian oil company Sibneft for a fraction of its true value . The judge called Berezovsky 's testimony unreliable and , at points , dishonest . Analysts put the price tag for legal fees alone at more than $ 250 million spent between the two sides , which Berezovsky was ordered to pay . Berezovsky was this year reported to be in serious financial difficulties ; last week he sold an Andy Warhol screen print entitled "  Red Lenin " for $ 200,000 and the mansion where he died was reported to be owned by his ex-wife . As speculation swirled about the cause of his death , Damian Kudriavtsev , a friend of Berezovsky , said Sunday that his friend was unhappy and was in financial trouble , but would n't have harmed himself . Berezovsky , he said , had always hoped to return to Russia someday . About two months ago , he sent a letter to Putin asking permission to return to Russia , Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said . "  He admitted that he had made a lot of mistakes , asked forgiveness for the mistakes and asked Putin to let him return home , " Peskov said , according to a duty officer with the presidential press service . It 's unknown whether Putin responded to the letter , but Berezovsky did not return .	Boris Berezovsky made fortune during the collapse of post-Soviet Russia Berezovsky was a critic of President Vladimir Putin and called for his overthrow He fled to the UK in self-exile after a falling out with the Kremlin He lost lawsuit against Chelsea football club owner Roman Abramovich
CNN  -- "  Ninety percent of the people that live in this holler are coal miners or retired coal miners , " 48-year-old James Dials explains as he winds his pickup through the mountains of southern West Virginia . The rear window of the truck is emblazoned with large decals of a CAT truck , a mountain peak and a bulldozer . He is a proud coal miner . "  As far as I can remember , I never dreamed of being anything else , " he says . He grew up in tiny Sharples , West Virginia , where he fished for trout , hunted deer and rode motorbikes around Blair Mountain . His extended family still lives here , and he has no intention of leaving . "  If I were to leave here and go to a city , I would be lost trying to do factory work , " says Dials , the son and grandson of coal miners . "  I 'm not going to say I would n't try , but I probably would n't stay with it . " But Dials , who loves this quiet , small-town , country life , finds himself in the middle of a loud , high stakes fight between coal companies , politicians , environmentalists and impassioned activists . The debate is over mountaintop coal removal , or MTR . See how contentious the battle for Blair Mountain became Scott Simonton , a civil and environmental engineer who teaches at Marshall University in Huntington , West Virginia , explains the process of coal companies cutting off the top of a mountain to remove coal : "  They will take hundreds of feet off the top of a mountain to get to a few feet of coal . " See the impact of mountain top removal from both sides In 2009 , Lisa Jackson , then the newly appointed administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency , placed MTR permits under review so her agency could determine if the projects would pollute area water . "  They need to understand , " she says , referring to the coal companies , "  yeah you can mine coal , you can give jobs to people , but you ca n't do it at the expense of their lives , their health , their water , their air , that 's too much . " Since then , nearly all new mountaintop removal permits have been frozen . Poll : Majority oppose mountaintop removal coal mining The environmental agency 's permit review set off a battle for the future of mountaintop mining in West Virginia : the coal industry and its supporters on one side , environmentalists and people concerned about the health effects of mining on the other . Dials works mainly in mountaintop removal , driving a rock truck and helping rebuild the mountain slopes destroyed by blasting . To him , MTR permits mean more work . No new MTR permits means jobs like his will eventually dry up . Read more about the march on Blair Mountain West Virginia University public health associate professor Michael Hendryx has been studying the health effects of mining in Appalachia for five years . "  I think it really is the biggest public health problem that West Virginia faces , " he says . Recent studies he 's published linked "  multiple illnesses and multiple health outcomes that are problematic in mining areas . Higher rates of cancer is one of them . Higher forms of chronic heart disease , heart attacks , and lung disease like  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease  , kidney disease , " he says . "  We have found evidence for all of those . " But Bill Raney , president of the West Virginia Coal Association and a lobbyist for the coal industry , takes issue with Hendryx 's studies . "  I think what you find is there is a correlation as opposed to a causation and it 's got to be analyzed , " he says . He believes the studies raise more questions than answers . The answer to this fight in West Virginia might be easier to find if there were other opportunities for men like James Dials . But there are few . "  That 's the only jobs in the area , " says Dials ' wife , Linda . There are no other jobs in the area for men with his experience and education that would provide his current salary , about $ 65,000 per year . Activists against mountaintop coal removal often say diversifying West Virginia 's economy is a way to increase jobs in the area . But the Dialses believe that is not a short-term solution . "  There are factories everywhere shutting down , " Linda Dials says . "  What could they put here that would even come remotely close to being what coal and the industry of coal can do for the people of West Virginia ? " The unemployment rate in West Virginia is 8.5 % . Even if James Dials was willing to move from southern West Virginia -- he 's not -- recent Bureau of Labor Statistics findings say there are nearly five unemployed people for every one job available nationally . Historian Chuck Keeney , an instructor at Southern West Virginia Community and Technical College , believes he has the answer . "  They can mine the coal around Blair Mountain and they can get all the coal out without using mountaintop removal , " he says . Keeney prefers underground mining to mountaintop removal and is a leader in the fight to save Blair Mountain from the mining method . The mountain was the site of a massive coal miner uprising in 1921 , one that eventually allowed the coalfields of southern West Virginia to be unionized . "  They may not make as big a profit ... , " he says , referring to the coal companies , "  because they will have to hire more miners . " While underground mining jobs do employ about 25 % more miners than aboveground -- or surface mining -- jobs , not all MTR projects can be carried out by traditional underground mining . Sometimes the coal is too close to the peak to be reached safely that way . But there is a larger trend : Coal jobs in the state are drying up . In the 1940s , about 130,000 men made their living by mining "  black gold . " Now that number is around 22,000 , according to the U.S. government 's Energy Information Administration . The administration 's projections show that by 2035 , coal production in West Virginia will decrease by 40 % and require thousands fewer miners . Improved technology has led to the decline . So has economics : It 's cheaper and easier to mine in Wyoming , which is now the top coal state , producing 400 million tons a year , four times what 's mined in West Virginia . So what 's a man like James Dials supposed to do ? "  I 've got to work , " James Dials says . "  That is the bottom line , I have got to work . " Rob Howell and Dave Timko contributed to this report .	Miners like James Dials say mountaintop removal coal mining preserves jobs Health researchers worry about the effects of mining ; the EPA has frozen mining permits Environmentalists and historians say the mountains should be preserved "  That is the bottom line , I have got to work , " Dials says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The date of the funeral for pop legend Michael Jackson has been changed to September 3 , the singer 's spokesman said Friday . Michael Jackson 's burial will be at Glendale Forest Lawn Memorial Park on Thursday , September 3 . Jackson was scheduled to be laid to rest August 29 , on what would have been his 51st birthday . The private ceremony will still take place at Glendale Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California , according to a statement from Ken Sunshine . No reason was given for the change in date . The ceremony "  will be limited to family and close friends , " the statement said . Jackson died June 25 of cardiac arrest . The famed entertainer was 50 . The release date for the movie drawing on Jackson 's rehearsal footage was announced Thursday . "  Michael Jackson : This Is It " will run in theaters worldwide for two weeks only beginning October 28 , according to Sony Pictures . Tickets for the film go on sale Sunday , September 27 , Sony said in a news release Thursday . "  Audiences will be given a privileged and private look at the singer , dancer , filmmaker , architect , and genius as he creates and perfects his final show , " Sony said . Kenny Ortega , who was working with Jackson to create the "  This Is It " concert , is also directing the documentary .	Michael Jackson to be buried Thursday , September 3 , at Forest Lawn Singer originally scheduled to be buried August 29 ; no reason given for change Jackson movie drawing on concert footage will open October 28
CNN  -- The widow of an Internal Revenue Service employee killed when a disgruntled taxpayer flew his plane into a seven-story building in Austin , Texas , last week is suing the pilot 's wife , according to court documents . Valerie Hunter , the wife of Vernon Hunter , is accusing Sheryl Stack , wife of Andrew Joseph "  Joe " Stack III , of negligence , alleging she knew or should have known that her husband was a threat to others and , thus , could have prevented the attack , according to the lawsuit filed Monday in Travis County District Court . "  Stack was threatened enough by Joseph Stack that she took her daughter and stayed at a hotel the night before the plane crash . -LSB- She -RSB- owed a duty to exercise reasonable care to avoid a foreseeable risk of injury to others including -LSB- Vernon Hunter -RSB- , " the suit says . The lawsuit also seeks to bar the release of Vernon Hunter 's autopsy report , saying that , if made public , it would cause Hunter 's family to suffer "  severe and irreparable emotional distress . " Hunter was killed February 18 when , authorities say , Stack flew his Piper Cherokee PA-28 into a northwest Austin building that housed nearly 200 IRS employees . Authorities say Stack set fire to his $ 230,000 home in Austin before embarking on his fatal flight . Police have said Sheryl Stack spent the previous night in an Austin-area hotel but did not say why . Police said they had received no calls of domestic violence from the house . The only calls to police were made a couple of years ago and concerned barking dogs , officials said said . A 3,000-word message on a Web site registered to Stack railed against the government , particularly the IRS . "  I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different , " the online message said . "  I am finally ready to stop this insanity . Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . " Sheryl Stack issued a statement after the attack expressing "  sincere sympathy to the victims and their families . "	Valerie Hunter is accusing Sheryl Stack of negligence Hunter 's husband died when Andrew Joseph "  Joe Stack III flew a plane into a building Lawsuit : Sheryl Stack "  owed a duty to exercise reasonable care " for others ' safety Sheryl Stack had issued statement offering sympathy to victim 's family
CNN  -- On a breezy spring day in 1835 , a 13-year-old boy from the Jura region of eastern France set out for the glittering metropolis of Paris to seek his fortune . He traveled the 292 mile road on foot , sleeping wherever he could find shelter and taking odd jobs to survive . It took him two years to reach the city , where he promptly became an apprentice to a box maker , and ultimately opened his own chest-making workshop . His name was Louis Vuitton . LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault tells CNN 's Isa Soares what 's the secret of Louis Vuitton 's longevity . A century and a half later , the eponymous company he founded is among the most recognizable luxury brands in the world and , according to Forbes , is worth nearly $ 30 billion . It 's part of the LVMH consortium whose CEO  and France 's richest man  , Bernard Arnault , spoke exclusively to CNN about the firm 's heritage , and the spirit of adventure which , he says , defined it from the start : "  The history of Louis Vuitton is linked to travel . We created luggage for explorers , and during the 20th century our products gradually evolved to reflect the lifestyle of the customer . " Louis Vuitton was one of the first luxury retailers to open boutiques in China and Mongolia and now the label is seeking new frontiers -- looking towards unexplored markets in Indonesia and South America . "  When I went to China in 1991 for the opening of the first Louis Vuitton shop , you hardly saw any cars on the streets of Beijing , only bicycles . In spite of that we opened a luxury boutique , and now we have more than 20 across the country " says Arnault . The company is ever keen to trumpet its craftsmanship ethos . Indeed , many items are still hand-made in its French factories - with some workers being trained between 18 months and two years . Mr Arnault credits this attention to detail with Louis Vuitton 's longevity on the luxury market . Paris vs New York : Who wins in clash of the culture capitals ? The brand 's well-known LV monogram was introduced in 1896 in an effort to combat counterfeits , but Arnault says that it does n't take a logo to recognize the company 's signature handicraft : "  What made Louis Vuitton famous was the quality . We do n't do marketing , we just create products which are exceptional in their design and craftsmanship . " Flamboyant flair In 1997 the company hired Marc Jacobs as the creative director , initiating a long-standing and successful partnership that come to an end in 2013 . Jacobs designed Louis Vuitton 's first ready-to-wear clothing line which premiered at Paris Fashion Week to both critical and commercial success , and the brand has since become known for its theatrical and flamboyant fashion shows . "  It 's very important that when you have a designer like Marc Jacobs , who is a genius , you give him complete freedom . So what you see as theatrical scenery is in fact his creativity poured into the fashion show " says Arnault . Staging a runway presentation remains crucial when it comes to capturing the imagination of customers and the media , even if some of the more outlandish designs do n't make it from the catwalk to the stores : "  Fashion week is a moment in which designers can show their ideas to the world . On the catwalk you see pieces which are innovative and trigger the desire of the customer . From these ideas you can then create products which follow that direction , but in a more accessible way . " Spirit of entrepreneurship Louis Vuitton 's parent company LVMH also owns French luxury giants Christian Dior , Givenchy and Dom Perignon , and Arnault travels the world at the helm of the consortium much like an ambassador of Gallic style . Is Paris still cool ? Hell yeah !  But not for the reasons you think However , he also looks beyond the world of traditional , large companies , and is eager to apply the entrepreneurial spirit of Silicon Valley to fashion establishments in Paris and London . "  Today everybody , including myself , is interested in internet start-ups . But you also have start-ups in the designer world , and it 's fascinating to see how we can transform a small company into something very successful on a global scale " he says . And when it comes to his goals for the future ? "  We want Louis Vuitton to still be the number one brand in ten years . In our business , the most important word is desire , so we want to continue creating desire . " Watch : Why is Paris Fashion Week so important ?	Louis Vuitton started as a trunk maker for the French elite , including Empress Eugenie , wife of Napoleon III The company has always had a spirit of adventure at its core Today , it is one of the most valuable luxury brands in the world
Editor 's note : Daria Roithmayr is a law professor at the University of Southern California , Gould School of Law , where she teaches on race and law . She worked for Sen. Edward Kennedy as special counsel on the Clarence Thomas and David Souter confirmation hearings . Guy-Uriel Charles is a law professor at Duke Law School where he is the founding director of the Center on Law , Race , and Politics . Daria Roithmayr says Sotomayor would add broader life experiences to the background of Supreme Court justices . No one was surprised when the subject of race dominated the public conversation during Sonia Sotomayor 's confirmation hearings . What was surprising was how unwilling both sides of the aisle were to talk about race openly . Republicans tried to argue that race should be completely separated from judicial decision-making . For their part , Democrats tried to minimize the importance of her race to her decision-making by focusing on her record , to show that her race had played no role in her decisions . Judge Sotomayor herself suggested that life experiences are an important part of the process of judging , but then sought to minimize the difference that those experiences might have made to a particular result . Most people understand that life experiences and racial identity do affect the decision-making process . But is this something to be lamented or celebrated ? We think the latter . In this , the not quite post-racial era of Obama , scholars are developing new understandings of the connection between race , life experience and decisions . Researchers such as Scott Page and James Surowiecki are telling us that varied life experiences and ethnicity can improve the result when a group makes decisions together . At the University of Michigan , Page uses mathematical models to show not only that people 's backgrounds make a difference in how they think , but far more importantly , that these differences are essential for good collective decision-making . As Page acknowledges , the relationship between life experience and decision-making is an empirical question -- a question of fact to be determined based on research . In some domains -- making decisions about the scope of anti-discrimination law or deciding on a health care policy -- we likely will see that broader life experience makes for better decisions . Surowiecki , who wrote "  The Wisdom of Crowds , " points out that a group will more often than not come to a better decision than the average individual , so long as the group includes a range of people with different life experiences and ways of looking at and solving problems . As Surowiecki notes , if the group has enough variation in the information that they bring to the table , their thought processes and their approach to solving problems , the group is more likely to come up with the right answer before an individual , even in some instances when the individual is an expert . The Constitution itself recognizes the importance of life experiences to legal decision-making . Defendants in the criminal process are entitled to a jury of their peers precisely because jurors bring to the process a collection of life experiences that will shape their understanding of the facts and the law . All-white juries are problematic in large part because we believe that the life experiences of jurors are an integral part of their collective judgment of innocence or guilt . We also are coming to understand that race is just one of several structural factors that affect a person 's life experiences and life chances , together with economic security , gender , class and geography . These days , the best thinking on race focuses less on racial symbolism and more on understanding how race affects a person 's life experiences and life chances -- her access to education , health care , economic and physical security , her experience with the criminal justice system , whether she grew up wealthy or in a public housing project . Thus , we understand that the arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. for disorderly conduct after he opened his jammed front door might be a signal of existing racism in law enforcement . But the better way to understand his arrest might be to acknowledge that whether one thinks this is the symbol of continued racism in law enforcement or an officer trying to do his job , in general , Gates ' race affects his life chances and life experiences . As an African-American , Gates runs a much greater chance of being arrested during his lifetime than does his white counterpart . We should also acknowledge the role that class plays in life chances -- Gates was able to summon with a simple phone call one of the best criminal lawyers in the country , an opportunity not available to most African Americans . Although we have not yet figured out the meaning of race in this supposedly post-racial era , we know that race still matters , even as we know that it does not matter in the same way that it used to . Democrats and Republicans should acknowledge that having a Latina on the bench will make a difference because it will improve the court 's collective decision-making . Wise men and women with different life experiences are more likely to reach a result that is better , that is wiser and that is more just . In that vein , Sotomayor 's life story -- in which a Puerto Rican girl from Bronxdale Houses grows up to attend Yale Law School and become a Supreme Court justice -- is a story that should matter to us all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daria Roithmayr and Guy-Uriel Charles .	Roithmayr , Charles : Race dominated the Senate hearing on Sotomayor They say research shows groups of diverse people make better decisions Having Sotomayor on court will widen life experiences of the justices , they say Roithmayr , Charles : We should strive for diversity of class , gender , geography
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A person allowed to enter a juvenile detention center for girls in Afghanistan would find one strikingly sad story after another , according to Human Rights Watch . Nearly all of the girls imprisoned in Afghanistan are behind bars for "  moral crimes , " as are about half of adult women , a new report from the international watchdog group says . The arrests are often based on two actions considered criminal behavior . One is running away from home without the permission of their father or husband ; the other is called Zina , having sex with anyone other than a husband . "  Very often you see women have been charged with both things -- with running away and with Zina . And when you dig a bit deeper and you talk to the women about what actually happened , what you find out is that ... a large majority of these cases are cases where women have actually run away from abuse , " Heather Barr of Human Rights Watch Afghanistan told CNN . "  They 've run away because they were about to be forced into a marriage against their will or they 've run away because they 've actually been married and they are experiencing abuse in the home from their husband or their in-laws . " U.S soldier died saving Afghan girl In 2011 , CNN highlighted a case in point . A woman named Gulnaz was jailed and sentenced to 12 years in prison after reporting she was raped by her cousin 's husband . Her daughter was the product of the rape . Gulnaz 's plight attracted international attention and she was freed when President Hamid Karzai intervened . But some women 's rights activists say she will never be accepted into the community because of the way women are thought of in parts of Afghanistan . "  Women are passing away the best years of their lives inside prison , their children as well , " Shurkria Barakzai , a member of Afghanistan 's National Assembly , told CNN . "  To be honest , they do not have a future going back into the community . Their husbands will not accept them back and neither will their families or members of the community . " Barakzai said she is disappointed in the Afghan judicial system when it comes to its treatment of women . "  Our laws are quite equal for men and women , but men have the means to pay bribe money , run away from home ,  or  ask others for help to get out of a situation , " she said . Barakzai is well aware that even being a female in a position of power can not save a person from danger . Threats and intimidation have occurred against women in politics , mostly because they are women . "  I blame the judicial system , the judges , and the system as a whole before anything else , " she said . "  The system is simply not supporting women , and until they do , these so-called ` crimes ' against women will continue and we will only slip back into what we were 10 years ago . " Human Rights Watch says about 400 women currently are imprisoned in Afghanistan for "  moral crimes . "	Running away from home without a man 's permission can put a juvenile female in jail Zina -- having sex with someone other than a husband -- is also a common charge Human Rights Watch says many of the imprisoned women were running away from abuse The judicial system "  is simply not supporting women , " an Afghan legislator says
CNN  -- Goldendoodle ? Bernese Mountain Dog ? Irish wolfhound ? Chihuahua ? Gina Goodman says a Pomeranian would be a good pet because they 're like a stuffed animal come to life . After selecting a chief of staff , President-elect Barack Obama quickly turned to the more pressing issue of finding the perfect puppy for his girls , Sasha and Malia . "  We have two criteria that have to be reconciled . One is that Malia is allergic , so it has to be hypoallergenic , " Obama said Friday in Chicago , Illinois . "  On the other hand , our preference would be to get a shelter dog . But , obviously , a lot of shelter dogs are mutts , like me . " CNN asked iReporters to weigh in on what kind of dog he should get and what to name it . The response was tremendous . After all , everyone 's got an opinion about which pooch will be the Obamas ' best friend . Gail Hurson , who lives outside Allentown , Pennsylvania , shared the opinion of many iReporters who want the Obamas to get a shelter dog . She says these pups appreciate having loving owners and a place to call home . iReport.com : What do you think the Obamas should pick ? "  Mr. Obama , I say give your girls both a puppy of their own to care for , and give those dogs a second chance , like this country is going to get now that you 've been elected to lead us back on track , " Hurson said in her iReport . Although there was a mix of monikers for the First Dog , many iReporters believe that Hope would be a good name . "  I really believe that with a new president in the White House , there will be hope , " Teri Satterlund said . The Troutdale , Oregon , resident wants the dog 's name to reflect Obama 's message of change . Barbara Martinez remembered that Malia is allergic to dogs , so she suggested that Obama get a Goldendoodle or a Labradoodle . Both breeds are hypoallergenic and have a sweet temperament , perfect for a family with children , she said . See some of the more popular hypoallergenic breeds " America 's Yankee Doodle Dandy would make for a great name , Martinez said . Of course , it 's a mouthful , but "  Dude , " "  Doodle " or "  Dandy " could work as nicknames . Finding a name that would celebrate Obama 's African heritage was what led Don Belgard to the name Ubuntu . The Pittsfield , Maine , resident said Ubuntu is an African philosophy that promotes "  peace , harmony and good will . " Because Dale Jacquef shares a birthday with Obama -- August 4 -- he jokes that he is qualified to give some puppy advice . The San Jose , California , engineer says his Alaskan Klee Kai is a big hit with everyone . "  All my daughter 's friends go crazy over him , so I thought it would be a good one for the Obamas . " Elizabeth Shumway of Geneva , New York , envisions the Obamas having a fluffy Bernese Mountain Dog . These "  big , cuddly pieces of fur " take a while to grow up , maintaining their puppy playfulness , Shumway said . "  I could picture them standing in front of the White House with this big , beautiful dog . " Huguette Rainforth raised Irish wolfhounds on her farm outside Montreal , Canada , for seven years and thinks the Obamas should get one , too . Rainforth thinks Obama and an Irish wolfhound would make a fine pair because of their comparable personalities . "  I think it 's a very noble dog . It 's very loyal , trustworthy , " she said . "  I just felt it was the dog for him . " A Pomeranian would be the perfect pooch for Obama , according to Gina Goodman , who runs a petsitting service out of her home in Malvern , Pennsylvania . "  They would be ideal for the sweet little Obama girls because they would be like having their stuffed animals come alive for play , " she wrote in her iReport . Paris Pujol 's pet Rocco died a month ago , but she will always remember him for being a great pup . The white Chihuahua loved to zip around outside his home in Natalbany , Louisiana . Being fast and fun-loving does not mean a Chihuahua will be too much for Obama to handle . Obama wo n't have to fret about it taking too long to train the puppy , because Chihuahuas are easy to train , Pujol said . iReport.com : Spunky little pup brought family lots of love Dogs are too high-maintenance for Jeremy Larson of Belleville , Illinois , who says Obama should get a cat instead . "  Cats are easier to take care of you do n't have to walk them outside . They run around inside and entertain themselves . " Rusty Clark of West Springfield , Massachusetts , suggests that the Obamas go for a more unusual pet : a llama . iReport.com : An Obama llama ? When Clark thought of the "  cute and fuzzy " creature , she could n't help but chuckle at the rhyme that popped into her head . "  Obama llama . It just sounded like a '50s doo-wop song , " she said . "  If they 've had donkeys and ponies at the White House , then why not a llama ? "	CNN.com readers suggest the perfect presidential pet Labs , Pomeranians and a llama top the list Many said the Obamas should pick a mutt from the shelter Tell us what you think at iReport.com
CNN  -- A court in China 's Yunnan Province on Wednesday rejected an appeal from six defendants convicted of killing 13 Chinese sailors , said the state-run Xinhua news agency . Last month , the Intermediate People 's Court of Kunming sentenced four of the men to death for the killings , which occurred in October 2011 on the Mekong River . They were also ordered to pay compensation of 6 million yuan  about $ 960,000  . Read more : Chinese court sentences drug gang to death over river murders One of the men is a drug lord identified as Naw Kham ; the other three were members of his gang , Xinhua said . Of the two other gang members , one received a death sentence with a reprieve and another was sentenced to eight years in prison . Thai authorities discovered the murder scene after boarding two Chinese cargo ships that had come under gunfire . They found nearly 1 million amphetamines and the 12 bodies , some with their hands bound . One sailor was missing . The men had been charged with homicide , hijacking , kidnapping and drug trafficking . The alleged gang was arrested in a joint operation by police from China , Laos , Myanmar and Thailand , according to the state-run China Daily . Five of the six men are from Myanmar , Thailand and Laos ; one is stateless , Xinhua said . Naw Kham 's gang colluded with Thai soldiers in the attack on the cargo ships , the Hua Ping and Yu Xing 8 , Xinhua said . Naw Kham had also directed several of his subordinates in the kidnapping of Chinese sailors and hijacking of cargo ships in exchange for ransom in early April 2011 , the court said . Read more : Opinion : Mekong River dam threatens livelihoods and ecosystems CNN 's Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report .	The court rejects the appeals by all six defendants Four of the men had received death sentences They were convicted in the October 2011 killings of 13 Chinese sailors
CNN  -- Paul Harvey , the legendary radio host whose career sharing "  the rest of the story " with listeners spanned more than 70 years , has died , according to ABC Radio Networks . Paul Harvey received the Medal of Freedom from President Bush in 2005 . He was 90 . Harvey died at a hospital in Phoenix , Arizona , where he kept a winter home , said Louis Adams , a spokesman for the networks . He was surrounded by family members when he died , Adams said . Known for his deliberate delivery and pregnant pauses , Harvey 's broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations and 400 Armed Forces networks and his commentaries appeared in 300 newspapers , according to his Web site . iReport.com : Share your memories of Paul Harvey He had been hosting his radio shows part-time for much of the past year , after recovering from physical ailments including pneumonia and the death of his wife , Lynne "  Angel " Harvey , in May 2008 . "  My father and mother created from thin air what one day became radio and television news , " said Harvey 's son , Paul Harvey Jr. , in a written statement . "  So , in the past year , an industry has lost its godparents and today millions have lost a friend . " Born in Tulsa , Oklahoma , Harvey began his radio career in 1933 at KVOO-AM there while he was still in high school , his Web site says . He helped clean the station and was eventually was allowed to fill in on air , reading news and commercials . Watch how Paul Harvey Aurandt got into broadcasting " "  Paul Harvey was one of the most gifted and beloved broadcasters in our nation 's history , " ABC Radio Networks President Jim Robinson said in a written statement . "  As he delivered the news each day with his own unique style and commentary , his voice became a trusted friend in American households . " Some critics faulted Harvey for the way he seamlessly intertwined news stories with advertisements , which he often read in his own voice in the middle of a story . But his accolades were plentiful -- from his 1990 induction into the National Radio Hall of Fame to receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom from then-President George W. Bush in 2005 . "  Paul was a friendly and familiar voice in the lives of millions of Americans , " Bush said Saturday in a written statement . "  His commentary entertained , enlightened , and informed . Laura and I are pleased to have known this fine man , and our thoughts and prayers are with his family . " The cause of Harvey 's death was not immediately known . He was forced off the air temporarily in 2001 because of a virus that weakened a vocal cord . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	The 90-year-old coined the phrase "  And now , the rest of the story . " Harvey was known for his deliberate delivery and pregnant pauses Recovering from ailments , he had been hosting his radio shows part-time Harvey 's broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations
CNN  The historic end of Baghdad 's decade-old curfew was marred by more violence a day afterward -- highlighting the security challenges that still plague Iraq . The curfew , which was in place nightly , was lifted at 12:01 a.m. Sunday . The move represents the first time the curfew , aimed at stymying violence in Baghdad , has been completely lifted since the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003 . But in the hours leading up to the curfew removal , 11 people were killed in a pair of suicide attacks in Baghdad , a police source told CNN . At least 30 people were killed in a bombing at a restaurant , and six people were killed when an assailant detonated explosives at a busy market . While Sunday marked a day or relative calm after the curfew was lifted , violence erupted once again early Monday morning . A suicide bomber targeted a popular restaurant in northwestern Baghdad early Monday morning , killing at least 12 people and wounding 42 , Baghdad police officials told CNN . And in northeastern Baghdad , an improvised explosive device detonated on a busy street , killing one person and wounding another four . Both the attacks Monday took place during the overnight hours that previously would have been subject to curfew . And both took place in primarily Shiite neighborhoods . No one has claimed responsibility for the attacks . But more and more , civilians are falling victim to deadly violence in the country . The infiltration of ISIS in the past year contributed to a staggering civilian death toll in 2014 : at least 17,049 , according to Iraq Body Count . That number is roughly double the number recorded in 2013 -- which was about double the number from of the previous year . Kurdish fighters battle equipment woes as well as ISIS in northern Iraq CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Baghdad 's decade-old curfew was lifted early Sunday morning Since then , at least 13 people were killed in the overnight hours Monday morning
CNN  -- For those following the Confederations Cup game on television around the world , Brazil 's 2-0 victory over Mexico in the north-eastern city of Fortaleza seemed a routine affair . Brazil 's latest number 10 , Neymar , dazzled while scoring one goal and setting up the second in a stadium bedecked with yellow-shirted fans as the hosts continued their serene progress in Group A . The hosts will match up against Italy for top spot in the group table after the Azzurri beat Japan 4-3 , eliminating the Blue Samurai from semifinal contention . The loser of the Brazil and Italy game will likely draw Spain in the semifinals . At the Brazil-Mexico game , not all the action was on the pitch . A closer look around the stadium revealed numerous placards railing against corruption , social injustice , high taxes and even some requesting that FIFA bring hospitals to Brazil rather than stadiums . And outside the Castelao stadium , newly built at a cost of $ 240 million , it was anything but normal as protesters blocked roads in such numbers they forced a number of vehicles , including some containing FIFA passengers , to take a different route to the arena . Brazil has been rocked by the biggest demonstrations seen in over two decades this week as protests initially sparked by a hike in bus fares in Sao Paulo have spiraled into nationwide marches . Protesters have decried the $ 15 billion being invested in the Confederations Cup , the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games while outlining the need for improvements in hospitals , transportation , education and other key social programs . With Brazil gripped by what is being called the "  Tropical Spring " , it seemed apt that the golden hope for the national team - one who supposedly can bring about a brighter future himself - set the hosts on their way . "  Saddened by all that is occurring in Brazil , " Neymar , 21 , wrote in a statement issued before kickoff . "  I always had faith that it would not be necessary to come to the point of having to take to the streets to demand better conditions for transport , health , education and security . All this is the OBLIGATION of the government . " Just hours later , the politically disillusioned Neymar brought great joy to his 200 million compatriots as he opened the scoring against the Mexicans with a fine volley -- firing home from just inside the box with his left foot , just days after a beauty against Japan with his right . The ball fell to the new Barcelona signing after a cross from right back Dani Alves , who had given his backing to the widespread protests in the run up to the game . "  Order and Progress without violence for a better Brazil , a peaceful Brazil , an educated , healthy , honest and happy Brazil , " he wrote on his Instagram account . While the protestors face an indeterminate wait to see what effect their actions will have , Brazil 's football fans can rest a little easier after the five-time world champions reached the verge of the Confederations Cup semifinals . Victory was sealed when Neymar , who had taken his tally to 13 goals in 15 internationals , shimmied his way between two defenders in stoppage time to set up substitute Jo for the second goal . Despite the protests , the players arrived at the stadium in relaxed mood -- Neymar tapping away at a tambourine while squad member Dante was among several banging a drum . Brazil 's victory went some way to redressing their poor run against Mexico , who boast a better recent record against their opponents than any other side in the world - with six wins from 11 meetings . But Mexico , who won the 1999 Confederations Cup when beating the Brazilians 4-3 on home soil and took Olympic gold when defeating the South Americans at London 2012 , could not find a way past a defense that looked ragged at times . Having beaten Japan 3-0 in their opener on Saturday , Brazil have maximum from two games -- with their final Group A clash coming against Italy on Saturday in Salvador .	Neymar scores one and makes the other as hosts Brazil beat Mexico 2-0 in Group A Italy defeat Japan in an epic , to meet hosts in competition for top group spot Build-up to Brazil match in Fortaleza overshadowed by widespread protests outside stadium perimeter
CNN  -- He may be on the verge of signing for Barcelona , but it looks like Luis Suarez wo n't be returning to football action anytime soon after FIFA upheld his ban for biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup in Brazil . The world governing body suspended the Uruguayan bad boy for nine international games and ruled him out of any football activity for four months after the incident in late June . Unless Suarez wins an appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport , Thursday 's ruling means he 's sure to miss the start of the European football season . An appeal to Swiss-based CAS has yet to be confirmed . "  The FIFA Appeal Committee has decided to reject the appeals lodged by both the Uruguayan player Luis Suarez and the Uruguayan FA , and to confirm the decision rendered by the FIFA Disciplinary Committee on 25 June 2014 in its entirety , " FIFA said in a statement on its website . "  The terms of the decision taken by the FIFA Appeal Committee were communicated to the player and the Uruguayan FA today . " When Suarez bit Chiellini on June 24 as Uruguay eliminated 2006 world champion Italy , it marked the third time he 'd taken a chunk out of an opponent . The Liverpool striker was banned domestically for 10 games in April 2013 when he bit Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic in an English Premier League match , and he was handed a seven-game punishment while with Dutch club Ajax for biting PSV 's Otman Bakkal in November 2010 . Despite his indiscretions -- Suarez was also hit with an eight-game ban in December 2011 for racially abusing Manchester United defender Patrice Evra -- the 27-year-old is expected to complete his move to Spain in the coming days . According to reports , Liverpool wants a transfer fee of Â # 75 million  $ 128 million  for the reigning Premier League player of the season , who scored 31 goals for the club in 2013-14 . If the sides agree on that figure , it would make Suarez the third most expensive player in football history after Real Madrid duo Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo . The Catalan giant is desperate to overturn its 2013-2014 fortunes , having not won a trophy and watching arch-rival Real Madrid claim the European Champions League title while Atletico Madrid took its La Liga crown . Barcelona was given a transfer ban by FIFA in April for allegedly breaking rules over the signing of minors , but this has been suspended pending an appeal . According to former England striker Gary Lineker -- now a television host with the BBC -- Barcelona insisted on Suarez apologizing before any possible transfer . Suarez duly apologized to Chiellini and the "  entire football family . " Liverpool , meanwhile , second in the Premier League last term , has been busy preparing for Suarez 's probable departure , bringing in England internationals Rickie Lambert and Adam Lallana from Southampton and Germany under-21 midfielder Emre Can from Bayer Leverkusen .	FIFA rejects appeal made by Uruguay striker Luis Suarez after he bit an opponent Suarez can still make one more appeal , to the Court of Arbitration for Sport Suarez received an international ban and a suspension for any football activity FIFA 's decision comes as Suarez is reportedly on the verge of signing for Barcelona
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- The number one song on Billboard 's R&B / Hip Hop charts this week is a romantic little ditty called "  Marvin Gaye and Chardonnay " . In it , Big Sean refers to the object of his affection as "  my bitch " while Kanye West boasts that his girl is cool because she performs oral sex while wearing shades . Again , this is the most popular song on black radio right now . So now I ask you : How do we begin to criticize what President Obama has or has not done for the black community when lyrics like these are acceptable ? How can we dismiss Herman Cain as a sell-out for calling black people "  brainwashed " when the hottest song on the radio encourages men to treat women like receptacles ? How do we wave an angry finger at what Governor Rick Perry 's rock may or may not have said 20 years ago while something like "  Marvin Gaye and Chardonnay " is happening right in front of our faces , in real time ? Perry 's "  Niggerhead " revelation is disturbing but if the controversy forces him out of the race tomorrow , life for black America would not be changed . Our unemployment rate would still be twice the national average , we 'll still be disproportionately living in poverty , we 'll still be lagging behind in education . So despite the kind of 24-hour sexiness that usually accompanies an n-word scandal like this one , the truth is that it is not the real story . It never is . The real story is if the black community does n't find a way to heal ourselves from these self-inflicted wounds , there wo n't be much of a black community left for people like Perry to offend . Just this summer there was a report published in the Annals of Epidemiology that concluded black men have a 50 percent chance to live longer in prison than out of it . Nationwide cuts in K-12 education are expected to total over $ 4 billion this year and last , with low-income and minority students being impacted the most . This fall there was a book released that flatly asks "  Is Marriage for White People ? " The black community is in a crisis ; being hit hard from a variety of cultural and socio-economic angles and we 're talking about rocks . Each time a Perry or any other white person in the media finds themselves engulfed in an "  n-word " controversy , instead of resting in our offense , the black community needs to view it as an opportunity to do some much needed soul searching about that word , and the disempowering mentality attached to it . Talk about it in church . In the beauty salon . At school . We have to move away from the bulk of our attention trying to determine if a white person is racist or not because news cycles move fast and we really need to stay focused on the real story . Trust me : next week somebody would have slept with someone they were n't supposed to and we 'll forget all about Perry 's rock . But as a community , we 'll still be hurting ourselves . Sure we can point to the Washington Post story as evidence that racism does in fact exist within the upper echelon of the GOP and that Cain -- who has always openly criticized this notion -- is a jackass . But then what ? How does that move us forward ? It does n't . Besides during the time in which the rock reportedly had the n-word painted on it , Perry was a Democrat , not a Republican -- so was he a racist friend or is he now an inclusive foe ? And how do we reconcile the rock with the bill he signed that helps children of undocumented immigrants pay for college ? You know , there once was another governor of Texas , Ann Richards , who , in criticizing her opponent -- George W. Bush -- said his problem was that he was born on third base but he thought he hit a triple . I would say the black community 's problem is that we 're standing at the plate but so many of us behave as if we still ca n't get in the game . We 're waiting for our number to be called while pitch after pitch after pitch goes by . Yes , systematic racism and the vortex of poverty have contributed mightily to what ails us today . But do we really need Obama to draw up a federal program that tells men to stick around and raise their kids ? Would a President Perry or dare I say President Cain somehow impede our ability to pull up our pants ? Treat our women with respect ? It seems we never have a problem rejecting the hurtful things said about or done to us by others , but remain somewhat oblivious to how the hurtful things we say and do to each other contributes to our overall decay . The news about the Perrys ' hunting ground serves as a reminder that we 're hardly in a post-racial society . But "  Marvin Gaye and Chardonnay " is the number one song in urban America right now . I do n't see how the n-word painted on a rock 20 years ago hurts us worse than that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Top hip hop song this week demeans women Poverty , education cuts , health issues plague black community , he says He says alleged slur on Rick Perry 's rock is disturbing , but a side issue Black community should focus more on harm done internally , he says
CNN  -- The Walt Disney Company broke ground Friday on the Shanghai Disney Resort , after getting approval from the Chinese central government in Beijing . "  Today marks a significant milestone in the history of The Walt Disney Company , " said Robert A. Iger , president and CEO of The Walt Disney Company . "  Our Shanghai resort will be a world-class family vacation destination that combines classic Disney characters and storytelling with the uniqueness and beauty of China . Working with our Chinese partners , the Shanghai Disney Resort will be both authentically Disney and distinctly Chinese . " Friday 's groundbreaking ceremony featured traditional Chinese drum music , a Mandarin soloist and a 50-voice children 's choir from Shanghai . Mickey Mouse was also in attendance , dressed in a traditional Chinese costume . "  We 're incredibly excited to build a Disney resort in Shanghai , one of the world 's most vibrant cities , " said Thomas O. Staggs , Chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts . "  We are hard at work designing Shanghai Disneyland , which when complete will be a special place where guests of all ages will discover a world of imagination , creativity , adventure and thrills . " The resort will "  include a Magic Kingdom-style theme park with characteristics tailored to the Shanghai region and other amenities consistent with Disney 's destination resorts worldwide , " Disney said . The new resort is scheduled to open in about five years . When it opens , Disney says the park will also have two themed hotels , a large retail , dining and entertainment venue , as well as recreational facilities , a lake and plenty of parking . In total , building the resort is expected to cost more than four billion dollars , which will be split between the Walt Disney Company and its China partners . Disney already has a Disneyland resort in Hong Kong , China , as well as in Tokyo , Japan , but Shanghai 's would mark the first Disney resort in mainland China . Disney has offices in Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou .	Disney breaks ground on Shanghai Disney Resort Shanghai Disney will open in about five years It will be the first Disney resort in mainland China
Cairo  CNN  -- Kidnappers in Egypt have released two Americans and their Egyptian tour guide after holding them hostage for three days , a security official said Monday . "  They are at security headquarters with us now , in good condition . The negotiations succeeded , but we did not give in to the kidnappers ' demands , " said Gen. Ahmed Bakr , head of security in northern Sinai . The freed Americans told CNN they are happy and relieved . "  We are heading directly to Israel to join the members of our church as soon as we get our passports sent to us from Cairo , " said Michel Louis , the pastor of a Pentecostal church in Boston . "  I tell my family I am in good health and in good spirits , but I have not taken my medicine since Friday , so I am a little tired . " Family members had previously said that Louis suffers from diabetes and they were n't sure if he had his medicine . Lisa Alphonse , a parishioner at another American church , said the group was "  treated really well . " Earlier Monday , a senior Egyptian government official told CNN that intelligence officers had visited with the alleged kidnapper , Germy Abu Masouh , on Friday and on Sunday , and communicated with him by phone . "  We saw the hostages , who seemed to be composed , but in a state of shock and fatigue from the grueling heat , especially Michel Louis , who said he had suffered a minor diabetic attack and avoids eating much , " the official said before the hostages ' release . Abu Masouh , a member of a prominent Bedouin tribe in the Sinai , had said he wanted Egyptian police to free his uncle , whom Bakr said had been caught in Alexandria , Egypt , with a half-ton of drugs . The two Americans and their guide were taken hostage Friday when gunmen boarded their tour bus , which was on its way to Israel , family members said . Louis offered himself as a hostage after gunmen took the female parishioner , his son , the Rev. Jean Louis , told CNN on Monday . "  Being the leader of the missionary group , my mom said that ... he stood up and he just asked that they leave the lady and take him . So this is why there 's two people in addition to the translator detained right now somewhere in Egypt , " he said . Michel Louis ' wife was on the bus when the kidnapping occurred . The family was not aware of security concerns about travel across the Sinai , where Americans had been kidnapped and swiftly released in two separate incidents since February , Jean Louis said . "  If we were aware , I would believe we would use correct judgment not to enter that area , " he said . Bakr earlier said the situation was "  partially the fault of the travel agency , " which he said had not informed police of their route . If it had , "  we would have sent a police escort , " he said . Authorities say the captives are still in the area where they were abducted . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , last year . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I am in good health and in good spirits , " Michel Louis says The freed hostages are "  in good condition , " a security official says Authorities did not give in to kidnappers ' demands , he says Two Americans and an Egyptian tour guide were kidnapped Friday
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Philippine teenager with a shy , crooked smile and expressive eyebrows -- who also happens to be the first figure skater ever to represent a Southeast Asian country -- qualified for the free skate after his performance on Thursday . Michael Christian Martinez , the lone athlete for the Philippines , is an unlikely competitor from a country without snow . Catapulted into the limelight after qualifying last year , his entire home country , which has never won a medal in the Winter Olympics , is rooting for him . On Thursday , he finished 19th overall with a total segment score of 64.81 which means he 'll move on to Friday 's final free skate . "  I 'd love to qualify for the free skate -LSB- top 24 -RSB- ; that would be a big accomplishment for me , " Martinez , 17 , said in an interview with NBCOlympics.com prior to the competition . "  I do n't know what placement I 'll get because my training is so different , but we 'll see . " It 's likely to be a David-versus-Goliath match-up . Facing medal favorites such as Japan 's Yuzuru Hanyu and Canada 's Patrick Chan , who rank first and second after the short program , Martinez has not benefited from the same intensive training as many of his competitors . Maria Teresa Martinez , his mother , said her son had full training for two months before arriving in Sochi because of difficulties funding his Olympic aspirations . Ice skating is a costly endeavor with expenses for travel , equipments and coaches . His mother told CNN in an email that the family patched together donations from a local shopping mall ice rink , friends and his skating club . She said the family 's life saving has been depleted and that their family 's farm in Luzon province had been damaged by typhoons last year . If Martinez had n't qualified for the Olympics in 2013 , he would 've had to quit competitive skating because his family could n't afford it , his mother added . "  Now that he qualified , we are hoping we can finally get support so he can continue , and try to qualify again in 2018 , where he will be more matured and more ready physically and mentally , " she wrote . Regardless of how he fares this week , Martinez has come a long way . Born in Paranaque City , Martinez was stricken with asthmatic bronchitis at two months old . As a young boy , he struggled with sports because of his asthma attacks . "  I could n't take up any sport . I tried outdoor sports when I was younger , but I easily got asthma attacks so I stopped , " he said in his Sochi Olympic athletes profile . "  I had asthma maintenance medicine when I started skating , since the cold in the rink makes me sick too . But year after year , my health keeps improving , so my mother fully supported me to continue skating . She said it 's better to spend the money on skating than in the hospital . " He got his first glimpse of skating after going to a shopping mall with his mother at age 8 . He became mesmerized when he saw skaters spinning and jumping . By age 12 , he was competing in European junior competitions and winning gold without a coach , his mother said . In 2010 , he began training in the United States with coaches including John Nicks and Ilia Kulik , she said . Martinez splits his time between Manila and Los Angeles . In 2013 , he came in fifth at the world Junior Championships in Milan . He is currently ranked 30th by the International Skating Union . Martinez does not have a dedicated practice rink in the Philippines and has to use a public one , his mother said . In late January , Martinez nursed an inflamed knee , saying it was likely caused by skating on rough ice , according to an interview with Catholic News Service . Martinez ' social media accounts show a smile-prone teenager flashing peace signs in photographs and having the time of his life in Sochi .	Teenage from the Philippines is first Olympic figure skater from southeast Asia Michael Christian Martinez started skating at age 8 at public rink He has had just two months of full training because of financial factors
CNN  -- Nobody likes to pay taxes , so can you blame the good folks at Goldman Sachs & Co. for doing what they could to avoid the higher rates that kicked in on January 1 ? While the rest of us were donning our party clothes on New Year 's Eve , the legal worker bees at Goldman were pushing the send button on 10 regulatory filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission . By the time the ball dropped in Times Square , regulators had been notified that $ 65 million in Goldman stock had been granted a month early , helping a cluster of powerful multimillionaire executives trim their tax tab . Among the 10 who shared that $ 65 million , Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein , Chief Operating Officer Gary Cohn and Chief Financial Officer David Viniar wound up with $ 8.4 million apiece in Goldman stock . Blankfein 's compensation in 2011 was $ 16.2 million . Cohn and Viniar that year made $ 15.8 million . Even Gordon Gekko would be impressed to see that bosses making that much money were able to catch a tax break for a couple hundred thousand . The 10 executives who skirted 2013 's higher rates were not the only Goldmanites who benefited from the "  accelerated " vesting . Michael DuVally , a Goldman spokesman , acknowledged there was "  a group larger than " the 10 but declined to say how many . DuVally would not comment on who made the decision to grant the shares early . The shrewd Goldman move is hardly unique among rich business executives or even 99 percenters of more modest means . It was no secret that higher taxes were coming this year , and taxpayers of all shapes and sizes did what they could to ensure that "  tax events " would occur in 2012 . Even environmental activist and Nobel Prize winner Al Gore tried , albeit without success , to unload his Current TV to Al Jazeera before the new year dawned . What makes the Goldman move distasteful is that it was n't even two months ago that CEO Blankfein was mouthing off in a Wall Street Journal op-ed that he endorsed tax increases "  especially for the wealthiest " -- along with a plug to cut entitlements to all you freeloaders out there . If you 're pushing the position that the rich should pay more to help fix the deficit , it does n't quite follow to employ a tax dodge , says Dennis Kelleher , president of the Washington-based public interest group Better Markets Inc. . "  Goldman 's quickie year-end tax shenanigans deprived the government of what it otherwise would get , " he says . "  So they either cause the debt to go up , or cause others to pay more by the taxes they are avoiding . " DuVally , the Goldman spokesman , declined to comment when I asked whether it was inconsistent for Goldman to make a move for its executives to avoid taxes after Blankfein endorsed increases for the wealthy . I 've got to hand it to Goldman . The firm is a master of the "  have-your-cake-and-eat-it-too " brand of politics and public relations . One minute , Goldman is cranking out press releases about its devotion to women entrepreneurs in its philanthropic "  10,000 women " program . The next , it is announcing its annual list of new partners that includes a paltry 10 women but 60 men . Goldman was a victim on the defensive when Greg Smith , a former employee , wrote a New York Times op-ed on March 14 , blasting the firm for having "  morally bankrupt people " who needed to be weeded out . You could almost feel sorry for poor Goldman , which shipped out a memo reminding employees that their estimable employer had been named one of the best places to work in the United Kingdom only weeks before the London-based Smith 's "  Why I Am Leaving Goldman Sachs " essay . By the time Smith published a book seven months later , the firm had turned ruthless revenge-seeker , even sharing parts of Smith 's self-evaluations with the media . A "  best place to work ? " Really ? Careful what you say in the press -- and in your HR file -- if you get your paycheck from a Goldman-style operation . The brouhaha over Smith 's op-ed and book stirred up debate of the "  What did you expect of an investment bank operating in capitalistic society ? " type . Fair enough . Banks are not in the philanthropy business -- even if they spend as much time as Goldman does talking about its good deeds and famous "  business principles . "  "  Our clients always come first " is famously No. 1 on the list . At Goldman and other "  too big to fail " banks , though , employees walk through the doors each morning knowing that the rest of us will be forced to bail them out again should another crisis ensue . We taxpayers provide the insurance policy that they enjoy without ever sending us premiums . In October of 2008 , Goldman got $ 10 billion in taxpayer money from the Troubled Asset Relief Program , which it ultimately paid back . Blankfein , like other bank CEOs , would later make the case that Goldman was n't "  relying on " that government help . But leaf through the tomes of some of the regulators who lived through the crisis , and you start to wonder whether our tax-dodging heroes might be out of jobs today if the public had n't fronted a bailout . From "  Bull by the Horns , " by former Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. chairman Sheila Bair : Goldman and Morgan Stanley were "  teetering on the edge " in the fall of 2008 . From "  Bailout : An Inside Account of how Washington Abandoned Main Street While Rescuing Wall Street , " by Neil Barofsky , former special inspector general to oversee the Troubled Assets Relief Program : Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke "  confided that he believed that Goldman Sachs would have been the next to go " after Morgan Stanley . We need to change the conversation here . Goldman and its too-big-to-fail brethren are banks that accepted welfare and are in debt to U.S. taxpayers for averting disaster . This has n't been about hard-nosed capitalism since those first TARP wire transfers made their way into Goldman Sachs ' coffers . As for the bank 's recent tax-reduction maneuver , it 's another reminder that Goldman 's management is either clueless about how bad it looks or does n't care . Sometimes bad PR is a just a cost of doing business . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Susan Antilla .	Goldman Sachs granted $ 65 million in stock to execs before new tax rates began Susan Antilla says the firm 's CEO had endorsed higher rates , called for entitlement cuts She says Goldman benefits from the implicit promise that U.S. will bail it out Antilla : It was unseemly for Goldman to rush the payments to shield execs from new rates
CNN  -- Defending Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins has been forced out of this year 's race due to an ongoing knee condition , the Briton 's Sky Pro Cycling team announced on Friday . Wiggins , the first British rider to win cycling 's most prestigious event , withdrew from the Giro d'Italia with a chest infection on May 18 and he was scheduled to rest and train as well as receive treatment on his knee . But the seven-time Olympic medalist , who has also withdrawn from the Criterium du Dauphine and the Tour de Suisse , has now ran out of time to adequately prepare for the Tour de France , which begins on the island of Corsica on June 29 . "  It 's a huge disappointment not to make the Tour . I desperately wanted be there , for the team and for all the fans along the way -- but it 's not going to happen , " the 33-year-old told Sky Pro Cycling 's official website . "  I ca n't train the way I need to train and I 'm not going to be ready . Once you accept that , it 's almost a relief not having to worry about the injury and the race against time . "  I 've been through this before , when I broke my collarbone , so I know how it works . I 'll get this sorted , set new goals for this season and focus on those . " Team principal Dave Brailsford expressed disappointment at the news , although it had already been confirmed Wiggins would play second fiddle to compatriot Chris Froome at this year 's Tour . "  With illness , injury and treatment Brad has gone past the point where he can be ready for the Tour , " said Brailsford , who is also performance director of British Cycling . "  It 's a big loss but , given these circumstances , we wo n't consider him for selection . "  He has n't been able to train hard since the Giro and now he needs further rest . Whilst we all know these things happen in sport , it does n't take away from the fact that this is a huge disappointment for everyone in the team -- and above all for Brad . ' "  It 's incredibly sad to have the reigning champion at Team Sky but not lining up at the Tour . But he 's a champion , a formidable athlete and will come back winning as he has before . " Team doctor Richard Freeman said Wiggins had completely recovered from his chest infection , but his knee was worse than first thought . " "  The chest infection that caused his withdrawal from the Giro has responded to treatment and rest . It has completely cleared up , " explained Freeman . "  However , further medical investigations on the knee injury that we were managing at the Giro showed the condition was more significant than we thought . "  It has needed intensive treatment and , whilst it will be fully resolved , Bradley now needs to rest completely for five days before a gradual , return to full training over a period of two to three weeks . " Wiggins was set to play a supporting role to Sky 's lead rider Froome at this year 's Tour . Kenyan-born Froome finished second in last year 's race and is one of the favorites to take the yellow jersey in 2013 .	Defending champion Bradley Wiggins withdraws from the 2013 Tour de France The British cyclist has failed to recover from an ongoing knee injury Wiggins was forced to pull out of the Giro d'Italia with a chest infection Wiggins was set to support Chris Froome 's bid for success at this year 's race
New York  CNN  -- Football Hall of Fame linebacker Lawrence Taylor was indicted Wednesday on charges of rape and endangering the welfare of a child , stemming from an alleged sexual rendezvous with a 16-year-old in May , a suburban New York prosecutor 's office said . The indictment includes one count of rape in the third degree , one count of criminal sexual acts in the third degree , two counts of sexual abuse in the third degree , one count of endangering the welfare of a child , and one count of patronizing a prostitute in the third degree , according to the Rockland County district attorney 's office . It also alleges that Taylor paid the minor $ 300 in exchange for performing sexual acts , the release says . If convicted , Taylor could be sentenced to up to four years in prison , it says . Taylor , 51 , was arrested in a Ramapo , New York , Holiday Inn room on May 6 , a few hours after the alleged rape took place , authorities said at the time . Ramapo is about 30 miles northwest of New York City . He was released on $ 75,000 bail at a hearing on May 6 . He was not asked to enter a plea . Taylor 's attorney , Arthur Aidala , told reporters after the bail hearing that the former National Football League star "  is denying and preparing to fight each and every one of those charges . " Aidala said "  no violence , no force , no threat , no weapons " were involved in the case . He noted that the rape charge against Taylor was for consensual sex with a minor , and said Taylor denied it . Ramapo Town Supervisor Christopher St. Lawrence and Police Chief Peter Brower told reporters after the incident that the alleged victim was a runaway from New York 's Bronx borough and had been brought to Ramapo by a pimp . The girl texted an uncle after she returned to New York City the next day , and the uncle notified the New York City police , prompting the arrest of Taylor and the alleged pimp , St. Lawrence said . Taylor was cooperative with authorities , he said . Taylor was a 10-time all-pro linebacker for the New York Giants from 1981 to 1993 after earning All-American honors at the University of North Carolina . He played on two Super Bowl champion teams and was inducted into the National Football League 's Hall of Fame , which noted that he "  redefined the way the outside linebacker position was played . " However , Taylor was twice suspended by the NFL for substance abuse and battled a cocaine addiction long after retirement , resulting in several arrests and a downward spiral that he chronicled in a 2003 autobiography . After kicking drugs , he worked as a sports commentator and appeared as a contestant on ABC 's "  Dancing With the Stars " in 2009 . Brower said police found a bottle of alcohol in Taylor 's hotel room , but Taylor showed no sign of inebriation . He said no drugs were found in the room . Mark Lepselter , Taylor 's agent , told reporters in May that Taylor was very upset about the charges against him . "  He 's worked very hard over the last 12 years to change perceptions about him , " Lepselter said . CNN 's Ross Levitt , Alan Chernoff and Kristen Hamill contributed to this report .	Lawrence Taylor was arrested May 6 after girl 's uncle alerted police He could be sentenced to a maximum of 4 years in prison if convicted He denies and "  is prepared to fight " charges , his attorney says
New York  CNN  -- Six protesters from the Occupy Wall Street movement were arrested early Wednesday in New York 's Union Square Park during a confrontation with police , authorities said . The demonstrators were arrested after they were asked to vacate the lower Manhattan park at midnight , according to New York Police Department spokesman Detective Marc Nell . "  Protesters were asked to leave because of sanitary reasons . We had people coming in to clean the park . Arrests were made because the protesters were blocking pedestrian traffic , " Nell said . There were six charges of disorderly conduct , four charges of obstructing government administration , one charge of resisting arrest and one charge of violation of local law , the spokesman said . Anthony Melendez , a Brooklyn resident and former priest who said he was present during the confrontation , told CNN there were roughly 300 protesters in the park by the time police started asking people to leave . Police did not confirm the number of protesters present . The occupiers were unsure as to what laws they were breaking before police ordered them to leave , according to Melendez . "  There were several of us going around sweeping , making sure everything was neat . We even made sure to keep in small groups and maintain space between each other , " he said . Wednesday 's arrests follow the arrest Saturday night of 74 demonstrators after an attempt to reclaim Zuccotti Park to mark the six-month anniversary of the Occupy movement . The Manhattan district attorney 's office told CNN Sunday that the arrests were made as police forced the protesters out of the park , the birthplace of Occupy Wall Street . Protesters were allowed to return to Union Square Park at 6 a.m. Wednesday . Since the arrests over the weekend , Melendez said there has been a continuous presence at Union Square . "  The occupation at Union Square is considered the first 24-hour occupation since our November 15th eviction from Zuccotti Park , " he said . The protests began September 17 , with participants decrying income inequality , corporate greed and the influence of the top 1 % of Americans . They soon drew the support of organized labor , while similar spinoff movements sprang up in numerous U.S. cities and overseas .	The latest arrests come after 74 people were arrested over the weekend The Occupy Wall Street movement began six months ago in Zucotti Park One witness says there were about 300 protesters in Union Square Park
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania soccer mom was chatting with a friend via webcam when she was shot to death by her husband , who then went upstairs and shot himself , police said Friday . Pistol-packing soccer mom Meleanie Hain was shot dead while chatting with a friend on a webcam , police said . Meleanie Hain , 31 , made national headlines last year as the mother who carried a loaded , holstered handgun to her 5-year-old daughter 's soccer game . She was found dead in her Lebanon , Pennsylvania , home along with her husband , Scott Hain , 33 , on Wednesday evening , Lebanon police said . Hain was in her kitchen talking with a friend via webcam just before her death , police said . Watch why Hain caused controversy " The friend , who police will not name , was looking away from the computer screen when he heard a shot and a scream , police said . He turned back to the monitor , he told police , and no longer saw Meleanie Hain but instead saw Scott Hain firing several rounds from a handgun toward where his wife had been . Police said that the woman 's body had already fallen to the floor by the time the friend turned back to the screen . Scott Hain then went upstairs to a bedroom , where he shot himself in the head with a 12-gauge shotgun , police said . Meleanie Hain was shot several times with a 9 mm handgun , police said . Her fully loaded 9 mm handgun was found in her backpack hanging on the back of the front door . The couple 's three children were home at the time of the killings , police Capt. Daniel Wright said . They were unharmed and took refuge at a neighbor 's house before police arrived , he said . Investigators have confiscated the webcam and computer , but can not review what the friend says he saw because the online conversation was not recorded . The death of the couple came four months after Meleanie Hain told her attorney she was separating from her husband , her attorney , Matthew B. Weisberg , told CNN Thursday . However , police said the couple still appeared to be living together . Meleanie Hain drew media attention on September 11 , 2008 , when she carried a Glock strapped to her belt to her daughter 's soccer game . Nine days later her permit to carry a gun was revoked by Lebanon County Sheriff Michael DeLeo , who claimed she showed poor judgment by wearing the weapon to a child 's game . County Judge Robert Eby later reinstated the permit . CNN 's Edmund DeMarche and Susan Candiotti contributed to this story	Police : Meleanie Hain shot by husband , Scott , in Pennsylvania home He then shot himself to death , police said Friend heard gunshots over webcam , saw Scott Hain firing Meleanie Hain brought loaded gun to daughter 's soccer game in 2008
CNN  An Indiana jury sentenced a woman who says she had a miscarriage to 20 years in prison . In 2013 , Purvi Patel showed up at a hospital emergency room suffering from severe vaginal bleeding . According to court documents , at first she denied that she had been pregnant but later told doctors that she had a miscarriage and delivered a stillborn fetus which , she said , she placed in a bag in a dumpster . Patel was later charged with feticide and felony neglect of a dependent , though these charges are decidedly contradictory . "  Feticide " would require Patel to have terminated a pregnancy while the fetus was still in the womb . On the other hand , "  felony neglect of a dependent " requires delivering a live fetus and then neglecting it . As Amanda Marcotte of Slate pointed out in February , Patel "  was convicted both of killing a baby and killing a fetus . " The only thing more preposterous than this is that Patel was charged in the first place . The evidence against her has been shaky from the start . Initially , police questioned Patel when she was still in the hospital without an attorney present . Prosecutors would later introduce text messages indicating that Patel had purchased miscarriage-inducing drugs , but there was no evidence Patel took the drugs . In fact , they did n't show up in blood tests just after she miscarried . Nonetheless , after five hours of deliberation , a jury convicted Patel of two entirely contradictory crimes based on entirely circumstantial evidence . And on March 30 , 2015 , she was given a 30-year-sentence on the felony neglect charge , 10 of which were suspended . She 'll serve a concurrent six-year sentence for feticide . Patel is the second pregnant woman to be charged under Indiana 's anti-choice "  feticide " law . In 2011 , Bei Bei Shuai was charged with feticide after she attempted to commit suicide when she was eight months pregnant . In 2013 , lawyers announced Shuai had reached a plea agreement just before her trial was set to begin . Still , both cases presented troubled pregnant women who needed help from medical authorities and their government . But Indiana 's harsh anti-abortion laws , and the broader culture that seeks to control the decisions pregnant women can make about their own bodies , make women far less likely to reach out for this help . Conservatives like to say that women are the "  victims of abortion " and that laws such as the Indiana "  feticide " measure are intended to "  protect " them . Years ago , the president of the anti-choice Susan B. Anthony List made assurances that the specter of women being prosecuted and jailed under anti-choice laws was nothing more than fearmongering by pro-choice activists . The website of the Ohio Right to Life association similarly argues that "  no one is interested in sending women to jail . " And in fact , the Indiana "  feticide " law was plainly intended to criminalize "  knowing or intentional termination of another 's pregnancy . " But there 's no escaping the reality it has been used to turn pregnant women into criminals . So much for not sending women to jail . Those who care about the rights of pregnant women should be deeply concerned . After all , Patel was convicted based on text messages about miscarriage-inducing drugs , not evidence she had used or even purchased such drugs . In Shuai 's case , it was presumed that the intent of her attempted suicide was to terminate her pregnancy and thus she was charged with feticide . So what else might be considered a "  deliberate attempt " to terminate one 's own pregnancy ? If a woman knew about the risks of too vigorous exercise and miscarriage but exercised anyway ? Merely googling abortion-inducing drugs ? Telling a friend you 've thought about having an abortion ? The message from Purvi Patel 's conviction is clear . After all , there have always been and will always be women who try to terminate their pregnancies . Laws like Indiana 's and cases like Patel 's do n't change that . What they do is make women hide , avoid medical attention and put their lives at even greater risk . In Texas , which last year enacted some of the most restrictive anti-abortion laws in the nation and shuttered the majority of its abortion services clinics , abortion rates have indeed declined but not in proportion to the severity of such measures . Researchers suggest that 's partly because rates of self-abortion , which then go unreported in the statistics , are increasing . And anecdotal evidence suggests this is the case . Before Roe v. Wade made abortion legal in the United States , according to the Guttmacher Institute , the number of illegal abortions in the 1950s and 1960s ranged from 200,000 to 1.2 million per year . New anti-choice restrictions and prosecutions wo n't change the fact that women will sometimes choose to terminate their pregnancies . It simply restricts their options to do so . Ask yourself : In the case of Purvi Patel , even if she did intend to self-abort and used black market drugs to do so , and if she indeed delivered a live fetus , would n't we want to live in a society where she would bring that baby to the hospital for life-saving medical attention rather than be so afraid of prosecution that she threw it in a dumpster ? Purvi Patel is reportedly appealing her conviction . We should all appeal to logic and sanity and compassion and repeal these horrid anti-choice , anti-pregnancy laws .	Sally Kohn : Indiana jury sentenced woman to 20 years , charging her with feticide and neglect of a dependent after she miscarried She says absurd , unjust case makes pregnant women hide , avoid medical attention and put their lives at even greater risk
London  CNN  -- A female Saudi Arabian judo fighter will be allowed to compete while wearing a hijab , a Saudi Olympic Committee spokesman said Monday . Razan Baker told CNN that International Olympic Committee , International Judo Federation and Saudi officials had agreed that Wojdan Shaherkani could wear a headscarf during her matches . Shaherkani had signed an agreement with Saudi Olympics officials that she could compete only if she wears "  correct and approved " clothing that "  sticks to Islamic principles , " Baker said . This year is the first time every nation competing in the Olympics is sending women as well as men . Saudi Arabia was the last country to announce that it would send female athletes . Read more : London Olympics breaks new ground for women Her father , Ali , was adamant that he would not let his daughter compete if she must remove her hijab , he told the Saudi newspaper Al Watan on Monday . Shaherkani , 16 , is scheduled to compete Friday . Her photo on the Saudi team 's Olympics website shows her with a scarf that covers her hair but not her face . Middle distance runner Sarah Attar is the only other woman on the 19-member Saudi team . Read more : Historic break through or false dawn ? CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson and CNN 's Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	Judo competitor Wojdan Shaherkani has been told she can wear her headscarf Her father and Saudi officials insist she must wear it This year is the first time Saudi Arabia has sent women to the Olympics Shaherkani is 16 and competes in her first match Friday
The father of a 15-month-old boy who died after being left in a hot car in July has pleaded not guilty to a charge of criminally negligent homicide . Kyle Seitz , 36 , entered the plea in Danbury Superior Court on Friday . The death of Benjamin Seitz was ruled a homicide in August . On July 7 , the elder Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care , but the dropoff never occurred , his wife , Lindsey Rogers-Seitz said . Seitz drove to work and at the end of the day he went to pick Benjamin up at day care , only to realize he was not there , authorities said . When Seitz realized his son was in the car , he rushed the child to the hospital , but Benjamin had died . The cause of the boy 's death was hyperthermia due to environmental exposure , according to the state medical examiner . Grieving mother 's mission to stop hot car deaths The Connecticut death came a month after a similar incident in suburban Atlanta garnered national headlines . In the Georgia case , a grand jury ended up indicting Justin Ross Harris on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder , over the death of his 22-month-old son , Cooper . Through his attorneys , Harris has claimed that he forgot to drop off the boy at daycare and mistakenly left him in his 2011 Hyundai Tucson on a day when the temperature topped 92 degrees . At least 44 children died in 2013 from heatstroke caused by being left in cars in the United States , according to the national nonprofit organization KidsAndCars.org . At least 30 children have died this year for the same reason . Over the past decade , the group figures , there have been at least 388 children who have died of vehicular heatstroke .	Kyle Seitz pleads not guilty to criminally negligent homicide 15-month-old Benjamin Seitz was left in his father 's hot car on July 7 The state medical examiner ruled his death a homicide
CNN  -- Despite the worldwide economic downturn it seems there is one commodity that remains as valuable as ever . With media companies around the world paying record sums for broadcasting rights , the English Premier League -- with its array of world-class players -- continues to prove a hugely marketable . Manchester United won an English Premier League competition that was beamed into 600m homes . With the new 2009-2010 football season approaching , the Premier League appears to have usurped every other domestic league as the sporting product of choice for most international broadcasters . The fact that companies are still willing to hang their financial hats on the Premier League , despite increased global uncertainty , is a testament to the large audiences the thrills and excitement of the competition can draw . And , with the division 's international broadcasting rights for the next three years currently up for tender , there appears no sign that financial constraints are hindering the bidding process . A Premier League spokesman told CNN : "  Currently we have 39 international rights broadcast holders , beaming the Premier League into 211 countries worldwide . "  Premier League matches are played into 600 million homes around the world , with an estimated audience of four billion viewers and there is no sign that the huge interest in the product is subsiding in any way . " The spokesman added : "  The quality of the Premier League stimulates interest to markets everywhere and attracts audiences from all over the globe . "  It 's a very polished product . The grounds are full , the atmosphere is passionate and the top clubs attract supporters from every corner of the globe . "  If broadcasters are going to invest in any sporting property , they are going to choose the one that brings in the biggest audiences , which in turn makes it the most attractive for advertisers . " The Premier League is touted by many as the "  most competitive " in Europe , but pinning all you financial strategy on one product is a dangerous game -- as one broadcaster recently found to its cost . Ireland-based broadcaster Setanta , which also had major audiences in Great Britain and the United States , had an impressive portfolio of sporting rights and events at its disposal . But the company 's purchase of 46 Premier League matches , for # 131 million  $ 215m  was the centerpiece of its coverage for two seasons -- a figure they hoped to recoup from customer subscriptions . But when the company lost the rights to half of their games , meaning they could show only 23 matches of the upcoming campaign the British operation was forced to cease trading due to a projected loss in subscriptions . American broadcaster , ESPN , quickly snapped up the rights in a bid to increase their market share , a policy that makes sense according to football business expert Michael Stirling , of sport sponsorship company Global Sponsors . "  Not only is the quality of the product excellent , but the fact that the Premier League is full of players from all over the world makes it both viable and successful , " Stirling said . "  Unlike some other major leagues , it is not a foregone conclusion who wins the Premier League . There is a greater distribution of top players across the teams than in any other league and that makes it both interesting and exciting . "  In recent seasons we have seen the growth in popularity in Asia and Africa . In the past , countries like China have tried to down-play the Premier League in an attempt to promote their own domestic competitions . "  However , the demand and popularity of the league has been too great for these countries not to broadcast matches , and now they embrace it completely . "	The English Premier League 's international rights are currently up for tender Despite current economic downturn the Premier League is in high demand Premier League matches are played into 600 million homes around the world
CNN  -- The California Senate passed Wednesday a bill that would regulate therapies that purport to be able to change a child 's sexual orientation -- from gay to straight . "  The entire medical community is opposed to these phony therapies , " Sen. Ted W. Lieu , D-Torrance , said after passage of Senate Bill 1172 , which he introduced . SB 1172 would prohibit children younger than 18 from undergoing sexual orientation change efforts . CNN.com blogs : Gay in America "  Being lesbian or gay or bisexual is not a disease or mental disorder for the same reason that being a heterosexual is not a disease or a mental disorder , " Lieu said in a news release . "  The medical community is unanimous in stating that homosexuality is not a medical condition . " The bill is expected to go to the Assembly for an initial policy review next month . In a telephone interview , the director of communications for Equality California , called the bill 's passage "  long past overdue . " "  The California legislature has taken the right first step in making sure that young people are protected from these unscrupulous therapists who are really engaging in therapeutic deception that is based on junk science , " said Rebekah Orr , whose group took the bill to Lieu . Privacy laws make it difficult to estimate the number of people who have undergone such practices , "  but we certainly know it 's not an uncommon experience , " she said . "  We hear regularly from survivors of these programs who nearly universally were driven near the point of suicide before they were finally able to escape the program and start to heal , " she said . The president of an organization that promotes reparative therapy , the National Association for Research & Therapy of Homosexuality , called the bill "  another triumph of political activism over objective science . " "  In NARTH 's view , a truly scientific response would call for more and better research to answer these questions , not a legislative ban that runs roughshod over professional judgment and parental choice , " said Christopher Rosik , a psychologist . But Peter Drake , who participated in one such program , backed the Senate 's move as a way of protecting youths from "  a very very dangerous therapy that does n't work and leaves a lot of people feeling despair and hopelessness . " Drake said he was in a straight marriage for 28 years and had two children before he came out . "  I was always faithful to my wife but I was always struggling , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  After many years of struggling and hoping it would go away and it did n't , I heard about reparative therapy . " Couples challenge Illinois law denying same-sex marriage After three years in the therapy , "  there was absolutely no change in my sexual orientation , " he said . Instead , he felt "  despair , embarrassment and I became depressed really . " Only after he abandoned reparative therapy and entered more traditional therapy did he improve , he said . "  I have always been a gay man and I just had a hard time accepting it . " His wife and children have been supportive , he said . James Guay began the therapy at age 16 . "  I volunteered for it , and it was still incredibly damaging , " he said . "  It created a lot of pain and havoc and emotional turmoil that this bill hopes to prevent . " Guay , now a 40-year-old marriage and family therapist in private practice in Beverly Hills , said he spent years trying to become straight . "  It did n't work , " he said in a telephone interview . "  When the reality sinks in that there has been no intrinsic change in romantic and love attraction , then we carry the burden : Oh , there 's something wrong with me . That 's where a lot of the damage can be done . " At age 20 , Guay finally gave up his effort to change . "  I met my first boyfriend , " he said . "  That kind of shined the light on the fact that , oh , wow , this feels very natural , feels very right , does not feel like this wicked , evil sinful kind of thing that I was told that it was . " Orr predicted the bill would pass the assembly , but said her group has work to do to ensure that happens . "  The reality is that a lot of folks do n't really know much about this , " she said . "  So we have education work to do . " Wednesday 's 23-13 party line vote came a few weeks after psychiatrist Robert L. Spitzer , in a letter to the editor of the Archives of Sexual Behavior , apologized for his 2003 study of reparative therapy , which suggested that it could help gays and lesbians become straight . In his study , he asked 200 participants to describe their changes in sexual orientation ; most said they had become mostly or exclusively heterosexual . But the study was deeply flawed , Spitzer concluded nearly a decade after its publication . "  I offered several  unconvincing  reasons why it was reasonable to assume that the participants ' reports of change were credible and not self-deception or outright lying , " he wrote . "  But the simple fact is that there was no way to determine if the participants ' accounts of change were valid . "  I believe I owe the gay community an apology for my study making unproven claims of the efficacy of reparative therapy . I also apologize to any gay person who wasted time and energy undergoing some form of reparative therapy because they believed that I had proven that reparative therapy works with some ` highly motivated ' individuals . " "  Everyone agrees that this quackery needs to stop , " Lieu said in the news release . He predicted that approval of his patient protection plan "  will help raise public awareness of bogus and unethical therapies by mental health providers who promise to change a person 's sexual orientation . " He added that recent testimony during policy committee reviews had shown that "  These non-scientific efforts have led in some cases to patients later committing suicide , as well as severe mental and physical anguish . "	The bill would prohibit children from undergoing sexual orientation change efforts "  The entire medical community is opposed to these phony therapies , " Sen. Lieu says Pro reparative therapy group calls bill a "  triumph of political activism over objective science "
Washington  CNN  -- It was supposed to be a week focused on domestic issues to bolster the chances of Democrats in November midterms . President Barack Obama wanted to drive down a virtual highway , talk about rebuilding infrastructure while standing in front of a bridge , and otherwise push his proposals to build middle class opportunity -- all rejected so far by Republicans . Instead , violence erupting in the sky over Ukraine and on the ground in the Middle East set the agenda . On three straight days , Obama ended up in front of reporters for previously unscheduled statements on the volatile developments halfway around the world that obscured the planned White House messaging . Such buffeting by world events adds to a perception driven by Obama 's critics that he lags behind foreign policy issues instead of getting out front . "  There is a sense that this White House is being driven by events as opposed to sort of driving its own agenda , " noted CNN political analyst and Politico reporter Maggie Haberman . Toss in the immigration crisis along the southern border , with tens of thousands of unaccompanied children overwhelming available facilities , and "  it adds to a sense that Obama is sort of adrift in an out-of-control world , " Haberman said . Facing a low approval rating in polls and the possibility of losing control of the Senate to Republicans in November , the White House has tried to focus on an Obama staple -- the struggle of everyday Americans to get by . In recent weeks , the President has shared burgers in Virginia , sipped beer and shot pool in Colorado , and munched on Texas barbecue to demonstrate his connection to working Americans . Gaza crisis boils over The past week offered similar opportunities . On Tuesday , Obama tested out a car simulator in McLean , Virginia , and used the occasion to criticize his GOP foes . "  Republicans in Congress keep blocking or voting down some of the ideas that would have the biggest impact on middle-class and working families , " Obama said at the research facility . Meanwhile , the Middle East crisis reached a boiling point with mounting violence between Israel and Palestinians in Gaza . Wednesday , he called for meetings on domestic policy issues , but then Secretary of State John Kerry came to the White House after returning from China , Afghanistan and the Iran nuclear talks in Vienna . Late in the day , Obama announced a new set of economic sanctions against Russian banks , energy companies , defense companies and some officials due to the administration 's contention Moscow has failed to take steps to end the Ukraine conflict . No domestic issues came up . "  I 've repeatedly made it clear that Russia must halt the flow of weapons and fighters across the border into Ukraine ; that Russia must urge separatists to release their hostages and support a cease-fire ; that Russia needs to pursue internationally mediated talks and agree to meaningful monitors on the border , " Obama told reporters in the White House briefing room . Obama also discussed a recount of votes in the Afghanistan presidential election , the nuclear negotiations with Iran and the collapse of a cease-fire between Israel and Hamas . Ukraine tragedy upstages infrastructure event Thursday was little different . Obama traveled to Wilmington , Delaware , for remarks on infrastructure funding , followed by a trip to New York for Democratic fund-raising events . Again , a development abroad dominated the focus -- reports from Ukraine of a Malaysia Air jetliner apparently shot down by a surface-to-air missile , killing all 298 people aboard . With images of burning debris on TV screens across the nation , Obama started his remarks in Delaware with a reference to what happened . "  The world is watching reports of a downed passenger jet near the Russia-Ukraine border . And it looks like it may be a terrible tragedy , " he said . "  Right now , we 're working to determine whether there were American citizens on board , " he added , before getting back to creating jobs to help the middle class . Meanwhile , Vice President Joe Biden explained why he was late to speak to a class of African-American women enrolled in a technology training course in Detroit : He was on the phone with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko talking about the plane "  blown out of the sky . " When Obama flew to New York that evening on Air Force One , he spoke with Poroshenko and Prime Minister Najib Razak of Malaysia . Later he would also talk with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte and Kerry . Before arriving back in Washington late that night , Obama also spoke with his national security team and was briefed on the latest efforts to support an investigation into the air disaster . Friday morning , after meeting with members of his Cabinet , Obama again appeared in the White House briefing room to state what many suspected -- the United States believed that the plane was downed by a missile shot from an area of Ukraine controlled by Russian-backed rebels . "  This was a global tragedy , " he said . "  An Asian airliner was destroyed in European skies , filled with citizens from many countries . So there has to be a credible international investigation into what happened . " He also said he spoke with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about the worsening violence and Israel 's ground invasion of Gaza . Minutes later , Obama got back to his domestic agenda , stopping by the first lady 's "  state dinner " for kids who created winning healthy lunch recipes . He told the audience how much he loved the event , and rather than having to focus on bloodshed around the world , he described how he loses his mind over a good bowl of chips and guacamole . Jet downing a ` game-changer ' in world relations with Russia	President Obama has been pushing infrastructure repair in pitch to middle class Events around the world overshadowed the President 's message this week Obama faces decisions on response to airliner shoot-down President has expressed support for Israeli operations in Gaza
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Mike Knox , owner of Freestyle Barber & Beauty in Ferguson , Missouri , said police have pulled him over twice for what he calls "  DWB " -- driving while black . When he questioned why he was stopped , officers pressed him for insurance information -- not something a driver should be pulled over for , he said . "  People are just tired of that happening , " Knox said . "  Why should we get pulled over every time we get in the car ? " Knox would n't be surprised if Michael Brown , 18 , smarted off to Officer Darren Wilson . "  He probably did . It happens quite often , " Knox said . It 's common for black people to give police attitude in the area , he said . Wilson , a white police officer , fatally shot the unarmed , African-American Brown on August 9 -- the event that started protests and violent street clashes in the town of about 22,000 people . Dozens of people have been arrested as Ferguson became a flash point of racial conflict . Black residents of Ferguson say there 's been friction for years with the overwhelmingly white police department . White residents also complain the police are heavy-handed . The department was formally accused of using excessive force Tuesday in a federal lawsuit . The family of Jason Moore says he died of cardiac arrest September 17 , 2011 , when police fired Tasers at him , according to the lawsuit . The family says that Moore , who they say suffered a psychological disorder , was walking around naked and posed no threat to police . The public relations firm handling media inquiries of the Ferguson police did not immediately respond Wednesday to CNN 's request for comment on the suit . To locals and longtime observers , tension has been brewing since the 1970s , when school desegregation and white flight changed Ferguson 's demographics . Today , two-thirds of Ferguson 's population is black , but arrest statistics do n't reflect that . According to a 2013 report released by the Missouri attorney general , African-Americans are highly over-represented in crime statistics . They accounted for 93 % of arrests after traffic stops , 92 % of searches and 86 % of traffic stops . Michael Brown shooting , protests highlight racial divide The police chief is white . There are only three African-Americans on the 53-person police force . The mayor is white , and so are five of the six city council members . Police chief defends department Police Chief Tom Jackson has come under heavy criticism for the way police have handled protests and looting , but he defends the department against accusations of racism . When CNN asked him about the perception that police stop blacks more than whites , Jackson said , "  Well , if that is the perception out there , then that 's something we have to work on . " When asked if it 's more than a perception , he said , "  I do n't think so . " But African-American residents say it 's more than perception . Marquita Rogers , 27 , said she believes race played a factor in Brown 's death . "  I 'm not saying that every white police officer in Ferguson is racist like that , but some are " she said . "  First time I seen a black cop is when they blocked off the street , " she said , referring to recent turmoil in her city . ` They all got a power trip problem ' Tom Steigerwald , 31 , has lived in Ferguson since 1994 . When he was 20 , an officer came to his house because he was playing music too loud , he said . The officer told him to open his door but he stuck his head out the window instead , he said . After an exchange of words , the officer smacked him in the head , he said . His father talked him out of filing a report . "  They all got a power trip problem , a lot of them , " he said . Arvid Wilkerson , 22 , said , "  Police do what they want , " he said . "  They abuse that badge . " He thinks that 's exactly what happened with Brown . "  They get trained to use their night sticks and Tasers , and they get trained to fight . There 's no reason to pull out a gun and definitely no reason to kill him , or overkill him is what they did , " he said . "  That could 've been me . " A traffic case brought Henry Davis into conflict with Ferguson police . Davis filed a federal lawsuit against the city and four police officers in 2010 , alleging the police used excessive force against him in the jail cell after arresting him in 2009 . Last March , a federal judge ruled in favor of the city and the officers . Davis is appealing . In the lawsuit , Davis says officers wrongly arrested him in the first place , thinking he was another person by the same last name . Lawsuit alleges excessive force At the jail , police beat and kicked him so badly he suffered a concussion , the lawsuit says . "  I should n't have been there , I was the wrong person , " he told CNN . "  They beat me for no reason while I was handcuffed . " To top it off , police charged him with four counts of property damage , saying he had bled on their uniforms . He also was charged with driving while intoxicated , speeding , failure to drive in a single lane , no proof of insurance and failure to obey a police officer . Police tell a different story in their responses to Davis ' lawsuit , saying Davis acted intoxicated , belligerent and aggressive toward arresting officers . One officer claims he suffered a broken nose . In a 2010 plea bargain in municipal court , Davis pleaded guilty to two counts of property damage , careless driving , speeding , failure to obey a police officer , and two non-moving violations , according to a U.S. magistrate 's summary of the case . Two counts of property damage were dismissed . After Davis filed his lawsuit in August 2010 , police charged Davis with felony assault on a police officer . That charge was dismissed in 2013 . Chief says he improving department Jim Schottel , Davis ' attorney , said he 's not shocked by the Michael Brown case . "  Ferguson had a policy and custom for its officers to use excessive force at will , " Schottel said in the lawsuit he filed for Davis , who like Brown is African-American . Chief Jackson , who was hired in March 2010 , told CNN he 's trying to improve the department . "  I was n't here when that happened , " he said of the Davis case . "  All I can say is that from the time I got here I 've been working on improvements to make this a very professional police department . " Schottel said Jackson is trying to improve the department , but "  the culture in the police department was one where there was no fear of punishment . " Meanwhile , one of the four officers Davis sued , Kim Tihen , left the police department and ran for city council , reported The Daily Beast . She won election in 2012 . Schottel does n't know if the Michael Brown case will help his appeal of the Davis lawsuit . He expects the case to be heard the week of December 8 . "  I 've been told by other lawyers the appeal now stands a better shot , " he said , "  but I do n't speculate . " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US This story is based on reporting by Eliott McLaughlin in Ferguson , Missouri and Ralph Ellis in Atlanta , Georgia . Ralph Ellis wrote it . CNN 's Jason Carroll and Kevin Conlon also contributed to this report .	Ferguson is two-thirds black , but 2013 report showed blacks over-represented in arrests Of Ferguson 's 53 police officers , three are African-American In 2010 , Henry Davis sued the department over alleged use of excessive force A federal judge ruled against Davis , but he is appealing
Boston Fire Chief Steve Abraira , whose deputy chiefs criticized him over his handling of the Boston Marathon bombings , has submitted his resignation , the Boston Fire Department said Monday on its official Twitter account . Abraira 's resignation is effective Friday . In an April 26 letter to Boston Mayor Thomas Menino , 13 deputy fire chiefs said they had no confidence in Abraira , asserting that he failed to assume command responsibility or show any leadership at the scene . "  At a time when the city of Boston needed every first responder to take decisive action , Chief Abraira failed to get involved in operational decision-making or show any leadership , " the letter read . CNN obtained the letter from a deputy chief who signed it but requested anonymity . In the letter , the deputies describe an e-mail that Abraira sent to all department members , saying that when he arrived at the scene , "  it was clear that our Command Officer had the incident well in hand and that our department was fully active in a support role with our law enforcement partners . " The deputies call Abraira 's argument "  illogical " and "  mere rationalization to justify his behavior , " saying that when Abraira arrived , the Boston Fire Department was "  still heavily involved in the incident " because of the possibility of "  second explosions , " "  additional suspicious packages " and "  structural stability concern of buildings , " among other issues . Boston fire chief gets vote of ` no confidence ' in handling of bombings But Abraira defended his actions to CNN . "  In their estimation , they believe that if you do n't assume command , you do n't have responsibility there for what goes on , " he said . "  I tried to explain to them , if I 'm on the scene , I 'm still responsible . That 's it . But they do n't believe it . " The chief told The Boston Globe that he was comfortable with the way his commanders were handling the incident . "  The nationally accepted practice is that you only take command  as chief  if there 's something going wrong or if you can strengthen the command position or if it 's overwhelming for the incident commander , and none of those things were in fact happening , " he told the paper . Two bombs exploded at the finish line of the marathon on April 15 , killing 3 and injuring more than 260 others . One of two bombing suspects , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , died after a gunfight with authorities four days later . After much secrecy and protest , he was buried in a rural Virginia cemetery . Police took his brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , into custody on April 19 after finding him hiding in a boat in the backyard of a Watertown , Massachusetts , home . He has been charged with using a weapon of mass destruction and malicious destruction of property causing death and is in federal custody .	Boston Fire Chief Steve Abraira resigns after deputies sigh letter of no confidence Abraira "  failed to ... show any leadership " at Boston Marathon bombings , deputy chiefs say Abraira defended his actions , saying his trusted the command officer on the scene
CNN  -- A new coalition of Syrian dissidents opposed to President Bashar al-Assad will have an ambassador in France , the French president said Saturday . The announcement is a boost for the coalition , which seeks to unite the opposition against the Syrian government under a single vision . The French decision to give the coalition an ambassador follows its pledge , and one by the United States , to support the coalition . The Arab League and the Gulf Cooperation Council have also endorsed the coalition . French President Francois Hollande met with the newly elected leader of the coalition , Ahmed Moaz al-Khatib , in Paris on Saturday . Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences "  France reiterated how it was attached to finding a solution quickly and that solution must first pass through the affirmation of a political transition , " Hollande said . "  This is why we took -- I took -- the decision to recognize the coalition as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people . " The two leaders talked about ways in which the coalition could gain both legitimacy and credibility , Hollande said . The ambassadorship is a stamp of approval for the coalition 's efforts to become the centralized conduit for aid , and for an integrated military command . The new coalition agreed that it wants al-Assad gone and that no one would talk with his government . Spokesman Mohammed Dugham said the only option now is a totally new government . Syria 's new opposition leader expects more from the U.S. . In Washington , a deputy spokesman for the State Department said the United States believes the decision to unite opposition groups marks the start of a democratic future for the Syrian people . Americans have yet to formally recognize the group , though , as a representative government . After 20 months of relentless turmoil , rebel forces had not had a unified vision for the country or single military plan to oust al-Assad , whose family has ruled Syria for more than four decades . The United States and Arab nations pressured the groups to get on the same page . Despite the opposition 's unification efforts -- and in light of the government 's defiance -- the bloody civil war rages on . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported that 136 people were killed Saturday . Another 122 were killed Friday . CNN can not independently verify these figures . Over 37,000 have died in Syria 's civil war , opposition group says	NEW : 136 deaths reported Saturday in Syria A new coalition of Syrian dissidents will get an ambassador in France The French president is supporting the new coalition
CNN  -- Somali authorities said Thursday they are investigating the alleged rape of Somali woman by soldiers belonging to an African Union peacekeeping force . The woman was allegedly attacked at Maslah Military Camp in the capital , Mogadishu , a week ago , a statement from the prime minister 's office said . "  The Somali government will not tolerate violation of human rights , in particular sexual violence towards the most vulnerable members of our society and perpetrators will be dealt with to the fullest extent of the law , " Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon is quoted as saying at a meeting with his senior Cabinet members . The prime minister has ordered an investigation into the allegation . The African Union Mission to Somalia , AMISOM , said it had formed a joint team with the Somali National Army to look into the claims . "  Appropriate action will be taken once the facts of the case have been established , " it said . "  The AU mission strongly condemns any incidents of alleged sexual abuse or exploitation and takes the issue extremely seriously as it reiterates the mission commitment to enhancing the safety of women and indeed protecting all Somali citizens . " Every AMISOM soldier is given training on Somali culture and "  good conduct and discipline , particularly regarding sexual behavior " before deployment to the country , the statement said . READ MORE : Women help each other at Somali rape crisis center Somalia 's government has pledged to do more to tackle the ongoing problem of sexual violence against women , as it rebuilds the country after more than two decades of conflict . At least 1,700 women were raped in camps for internally displaced people last year in Mogadishu , according to United Nations figures . The United Nations says 70 % of the rapes perpetrated in Somalia are carried out by men in military uniforms .	Somalia 's prime minister orders an investigation into the alleged rape of a Somali woman She was allegedly attacked by AMISOM soldiers at a military base in Mogadishu "  The Somali government will not tolerate violation of human rights , " prime minister says AMISOM says it is investigating and appropriate action will be taken
Just about any woman who watched Huma Abedin publicly declare her decision to stick with her husband , embattled New York mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner , had to feel sympathy for her . How could you not ? No wife , already facing her husband 's sexually explicit digital relationship with another woman  yet again !  , wants to face the prying eyes of the public , too . But while women pretty unanimously feel for her , they have dramatically different reactions about whether she 's doing the right thing , judging from the responses of several women I interviewed from across the country Wednesday . "  I think she 's a good wife ... and she 's a loyal wife , " said Lydia Montgomery , a married mom with two grown sons in Chanute , Kansas . "  I think it 's great that she 's backing him . " "  These days it has become too easy to just walk away when someone shows their character flaws or does n't live up to their end of the marriage contract , " said Dee , a married mom with one son who only wanted to use her first name . "  I think she 's decided that keeping her family intact and holding up her  end  of the marriage is worth the pain she 's facing right now . " Opinion : The public humiliation of Huma Abedin On the other side are women who think Abedin is making a terrible mistake , women like Andrea Kristina , a divorced mother with a teenage son who says she put up with "  bad behavior " from her ex-husband for years . "  Standing by your man when he repeatedly humiliates you by getting himself into trouble does n't make you a strong woman , " she said . "  Leaving him and respecting yourself will . " Pam Selker Rak , a married public relations professional in Pittsburgh , said while she believes the decision to stay or leave is a personal one that only Abedin can make , she does n't think the former aide to Hillary Clinton should have backed Weiner publicly . "  I 'm not convinced she is projecting the best message by standing behind someone who has n't earned her confidence and loyalty , " Rak said . In the middle of the "  Is Abedin doing the right or wrong thing ? " debate are women who say we simply do n't know what is going on in their relationship , so who are we to judge ? "  We have no idea what transpired , " said Rebecca , a single woman without children who asked to be identified by her first name . "  I know Huma is a smart woman and has n't made this decision lightly , especially with a child in the mix . " All the criticism , especially from women who argue she is not standing up for herself and not asserting her power , really struck a chord with some women . "  I 've seen people online call her a chump and call her desperate and  ask  what 's her problem , " said Jessica Dukes , a freelance writer in New York and mom of two young children . "  I do n't see the course that she 's taking as weak and capitulating . I see it as taking the harder path that requires even more strength . " Why we act on stupid impulses "  I understand from a political perspective that you should be looking at  Weiner 's  qualifications for a job , but I do n't feel that anybody should be judging a woman based on how she handles infidelity in her marriage , " said Meg Watt , a married mom with two teenage daughters in Stroudsburg , Pennsylvania . Imani Gandy , a senior legal analyst with RH Reality Check , a reproductive and sexual health website , and editor of This Week in Blackness , thinks the focus -- for women -- should not be on Abedin , but on Weiner . "  I would like to see feminist women focusing on the fact that his behavior is inappropriate and not on the fact that she 's being strong enough or being feminist enough by deciding to take her marriage vow seriously . " As women debated , online and off , about whether Abedin is making the right move , the conversation moved to "  What would you do if you were in her shoes ? " "  I always think that if that were me , I could never stand by him , but when it came down to it , who knows ? " said Jennifer Merritt , a married digital editor in New York . Women who know what Abedin is going through said no one can know how they would react . A woman who wanted to remain anonymous said she learned her boyfriend was sending naked pictures of himself to random women who were soliciting sex . She broke up with him , and after he sought professional therapy , gave him another chance , but ultimately the "  trust was gone " and the relationship ended . Opinion : Why does Abedin put up with Weiner ? "  I will say that people are very quick to judge those women who choose to stay in relationships with men suffering from this disgusting habit , which clearly is the result of a deeper issue , " she said . "  I hope for Huma 's sake that Anthony has stopped his habit , but I do not think he deserves to be mayor . " Another woman , who also did not want to be identified , told CNN her sexting and infidelity nearly broke up her marriage : "  I hurt my husband very badly . I can never undo it but I can stand by his side now and not screw it up again . " Abedin 's background as a top adviser to former Secretary of State Clinton also became a point of discussion among women . Abedin certainly watched Clinton , her mentor , deal with sexual allegations against her husband , former President Clinton . "  I imagine she certainly has a lot of experience in navigating these sorts of situations regarding infidelity , " said Gandy . Montgomery said Abedin 's critics might speculate that she has political motives , but she disagrees . "  She 's got a family now and her career is on the back burner somewhat , and it 's all about her love and supporting her husband , and building and keeping that family , " she said . Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and on Google + and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Women have dramatically different reactions about Huma Abedin 's decision Some think Abedin is doing the right thing , others think she is making a bad mistake One feminist argued that women should be focusing on Weiner , not Abedin Women also debate the impact of Abedin 's background as a top Clinton adviser
CNN  -- Time magazine has clearly kicked up a hornet 's nest with its downright insulting cover headlined "  Rotten Apples , " and coupled with the blurb , "  It 's nearly impossible to fire a bad teacher . Some tech millionaires may have found a way to change that . " The cover is a slap in the face to every teacher who has dedicated his or her life to bettering the lives of children . Right now , we should be lifting up and championing educators . The last thing we should be doing is discouraging or dampening the enthusiasm of a new generation . Worse , the Time story gives sloppy credence to the well-funded , well-orchestrated attacks from a small cadre of wealthy business interests , many of whom have never even set foot in a classroom . These attacks on public education , educators and neighborhood schools have unfortunately become the norm . It 's gone too far . Enough is enough . Due process policies such as tenure are put in place to protect good teachers from being fired without cause . They are n't there to protect "  bad " teachers . In fact , research from economist Jesse Rothstein suggests removing tenure might worsen educational outcomes because it would eliminate one of the major attractions to the profession . And since one of the biggest challenges in public education these days is teacher retention and recruitment , abolishing tenure could be incredibly harmful . Recently , Democrats for Public Education was formed to show that Democrats remain united around a core set of principles . As a co-chair , I 've seen how in just two months after officially launching , scores of elected officials , activists and party leaders in all 50 states have signed up to join our organization as supporters . They understand it 's time we collectively push back against efforts to undermine our schools , our teachers and the children themselves . DPE conducted a poll with Harstad Strategic Research , a Colorado-based firm that worked on President Barack Obama 's historic 2008 election and 2012 re-election . The poll shows voters support public education in resoundingly large numbers . Roughly two thirds of Americans agree with traditionally Democratic positions when it comes to education . I 've seen an awful lot of polling through the years . And there is n't a profession out there that would n't love to have the kind of favorability numbers enjoyed by local public schools and teachers in this survey . Moreover , any campaign manager would give his or her eye teeth for their candidate to have these results and engender these warm feelings among the masses . Contrary to what some naysayers -- and magazine covers -- continue to hawk , the American people are proud of their public schools . And they 're proud of their teachers , too . Overall , 82 % of voters able to rate their local teachers believe them to be excellent , very good or good . So , even though we 've seen lawsuits from California to New York scapegoating "  bad teachers , " the divisive views espoused by Campbell Brown and Michelle Rhee simply are n't rooted in public opinion . When presented with four broad reasons as to why public schools are n't performing better , almost no one puts the blame on "  bad teachers . " Instead , 40 % cite a lack of parental involvement/support . Another 29 % name inadequate funding and resources for public schools . And 18 % peg it on the effects of poverty , hardships and problems kids bring to school . Only a mere 3 % uttered the words "  bad teachers " -- including 4 % of Republicans and 3 % of conservatives . The truth is that voters support their teachers , who are the furthest thing from "  rotten apples . " Rock-solid majorities  61 %  back additional funding for public schools , including 79 % of Democrats and 57 % of independents . In fact , even 45 % of Republicans hold this belief . It 's no surprise that voters of all stripes are fed up with GOP cuts to education across the country hurting children and neighborhood schools . In 2010 , a slew of obstructionist governors swept into statehouses on the tea party wave . Over the past four years , in Wisconsin , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Florida , Texas , Michigan and other states , we 've seen -- and felt -- drastic cuts in funding for public education . Unfortunately , this year , far too many Democrats have largely avoided this issue out of a mistaken fear that running on a pro-public education platform would be a far too risky topic for their campaigns . Turns out these Democrats are just plain wrong . They 're missing a golden opportunity to highlight this important issue . The good news is that there is still time over this final week of the campaign season . Throughout the country , there are opportunities to shine a lantern on these dramatic cuts , ehether it 's Gov. Tom Corbett slicing education funding by $ 1 billion in Pennsylvania or Gov. Scott Walker , who made the biggest cuts to education in Wisconsin 's history . In Florida , Gov. Rick Scott cut education by more than $ 1 billion . In Michigan , Gov. Rick Snyder proposed cuts to public school funding by 4 % , or about $ 470 per student . There is no doubt that Americans are feeling this sting in their public schools . The list goes on . In North Carolina , Sen. Kay Hagan , a Democrat , has impressively and smartly utilized education as a main issue in her campaign . She 's hammered her Republican challenger for gutting education when he was the GOP ringleader in the General Assembly . In fact , Hagan used the exact term "  gutting education " four times as a cudgel in a recent debate . And that 's because she knows this is an issue that resonates with voters and is keenly felt on the ground in a tangible way . Over the years , I 've worked for and alongside the American Federation of Teachers and National Education Association . That 's because I am proud of our public school teachers -- including my niece who teaches down in Louisiana -- just as I am proud of our nation 's education system . Those who slam public education and educators are simply out-of-touch . And the numbers bear this out . The information from this new DPE survey could and should be used as a roadmap for those who want to speak out loud and clear in support of neighborhood schools and public education . Not only for the stretch run of the 2014 campaign trail , but beyond .	Time magazine 's cover story about bad teachers is demeaning to educators Donna Brazile : Research shows that removing tenure might worsen educational outcomes She says Americans are proud of their public schools and teachers , according to poll Brazile : The last thing we should do is discourage enthusiasm of a new generation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- North Korea is to blow up a key part of its controversial Yongbyon nuclear reactor on Friday . Hyun Hak-Bong  right  , North Korea 's deputy negotiator to six-party talks , crosses the border into South Korea on June 5 . The destruction of the plant 's cooling tower is part of an agreement with the United States aimed at denuclearizing the Korean peninsula in exchange for loosening some restrictions on the highly secretive Communist country . The North Korean government has invited news organizations , including CNN , to witness the event . Earlier this year , Pyongyang agreed to disable its nuclear reactor and provide a full accounting of its plutonium stockpile , "  acknowledge " concerns about its proliferation activities and its uranium enrichment activity , and agree to continue cooperation with a verification process to ensure no further activities are taking place . North Korea has been taking Yongbyon 's main reactor apart , but imploding the cooling tower is an exceptionally important psychological step given that the highly recognizable shape of the structure is synonymous with nuclear power plants . The United Nations ' nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , says it would take a year to rebuild if North Korea decided to go back on its agreement , and that the construction could not be done in secret . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice defended U.S. diplomacy toward North Korea last week , saying the deal with Pyongyang made Asia and the U.S. safer . Speaking at the Heritage Foundation , a conservative Washington think tank , Rice said that "  North Korea will soon give its declaration of nuclear programs to China . " China is the host of the six-party talks aimed at ending North Korea 's nuclear program , along with Russia , South Korea , Japan and the United States . Rice spoke in advance of her upcoming trip to Asia where she will be attending a meeting of G8 foreign ministers and meeting with her Asian counterparts . Rice said once North Korea submits its declaration , President Bush will notify Congress he intends to remove North Korea from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism and scrap some sanctions levied against North Korea because of nuclear concerns . But she noted that there would be no practical effect to loosening the restrictions because North Korea still was under the same sanctions because of other areas of U.S. law . Rice said a 45-day review would then begin to see if North Korea is telling the truth and living up to its end of the deal struck in the six-party talks . "  Before those actions go into effect , we would continue to assess the level of North Korean cooperation in helping to verify the accuracy and completeness of its declaration , " she said . "  And if that cooperation is insufficient , we will respond accordingly . " The United States softened its demand that North Korea publicly admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and to providing Syria with nuclear technology , key unanswered questions that have left negotiations stalled for months . North Korea has already handed over about 18,000 documents on its nuclear past to the U.S. , which the U.S. says are critical to verify North Korea 's claims . Rice said that the deal with North Korea was n't perfect but offered the U.S. the best chance to learn about North Korea 's nuclear history . "  We must keep the broader goal in mind : the elimination of North Korea 's nuclear weapons and programs , all of them , " she said . "  North Korea has said that it is committed to this goal . We 'll see . " Rice said that "  no final agreement can be concluded " unless the U.S. verifies North Korea 's claims . CNN State Department Correspondent Elise Labott contributed to this report	North Korea plans to destroy nuclear plant 's cooling tower Implosion is part of an agreement with the United States U.N. says the cooling tower would take a year to rebuild Long-term aim is to rid the Korean peninsula of nuclear weapons
CNN  -- The University of Tennessee student at the center of a nationally publicized alcohol incident denied Tuesday that he ever used an alcohol enema . Alexander Broughton , 20 , admitted to reporters that he made a "  bad choice " drinking last month , one that could have killed him . "  However the scandalous accusations surrounding that event never happened and I completely deny them , " he said at a news conference . Broughton , a member of the Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity , was hospitalized September 21 with a blood alcohol level well over 0.40 -- five times the legal limit for driving -- according to Knoxville police . The case made national news when police said Broughton and some of his fraternity brothers had been using enemas containing alcohol . "  At this point my intent is to clear my name , my fraternity 's name and to punish those individuals and institutions responsible for the lies that have been spread around the world , " Broughton said . His attorney , Daniel F. McGehee , said they intended to sue "  whoever violated his HIPAA rights and his constitutional rights , and the list is as long as your arm . " Experts : Alcohol enemas ` extremely dangerous ' The university said Tuesday it would not comment . McGehee said that his client passed out and was taken to the hospital after members of the fraternity drank wine as part of a "  Tour de Franzia . " He described that as a party where one person holds up one of several bags of wine while another drinks from it . A report from the University of Tennessee police department said after questioning fraternity members , officers believed fraternity members had used "  rubber tubing inserted into their rectums as a conduit for alcohol . " Twelve members of the fraternity were cited for underage drinking , one for disorderly conduct and the fraternity chapter was suspended , a university spokeswoman said . McGehee said he went to the hospital the night Broughton was admitted and asked the student if he had been involved in using alcohol enemas . "  He looked at me like I 'd lost my mind , " McGehee said . Police said investigators found tubing and materials used to give alcohol enemas at the scene . An alcohol enema involves placing a small tube into the rectum and pouring alcohol into the colon . Because the alcohol is then absorbed directly into the bloodstream , the recipient gets drunk faster . Human stomachs and livers have an enzyme known as alcohol dehydrogenase that breaks down ethanol to make it less toxic for our bodies , said Atlanta gastroenterologist Dr. Preston Stewart . The lower gastrointestinal tract does n't have that enzyme , so alcohol molecules are absorbed into the bloodstream through the lining of the colon . Eventually the alcohol would still make its way to the liver , Stewart said , but the high alcohol content would overwhelm the organ . "  It 's extremely dangerous . " CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : University says it has no comment on Tuesday 's news conference Student called accusations that he and others used alcohol enemas "  scandalous " His attorney told reporters they plan to sue , but did not specify which organizations Broughton had a blood alcohol level above 0.40 , according to police
New York  CNN  -- Technological challenges would pose major obstacles to the installation of platform doors in New York 's subway system , transit officials said Monday . During a transit and bus committee meeting at the Metropolitan Transit Authority headquarters , board members discussed the possibility of installing such barriers to curb the number of subway train fatalities . The discussion came in the wake of two incidents last year in which people were pushed onto the tracks and fatally struck by trains . In December , Ki-Suck Han , 58 , was pushed onto the tracks in a subway station near Times Square by a 30-year-old homeless man . A few weeks later , a 31-year-old woman was charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime for pushing 46-year old Sunando Sen onto the tracks at a subway station in Queens . In 2012 , there were 141 subway incidents in which a person came into contact with a train , 55 of which were fatal ; that 's slightly more than the average of 135 accidents per year , said Cheryl Kennedy , vice president of system safety at the MTA . Thirty-three of the 141 were alleged or attempted suicides , 54 occurred while the victim was standing on the platform , and three occurred when riders fell between the cars , she said . The installation of platform doors in New York 's subways could potentially end incidents in which customers are pushed or accidentally fall or climb down intentionally to retrieve dropped items . It could also increase security by limiting unauthorized track access , resulting in less vandalism and litter , according to the MTA . However , such an installation would prove costly and complicated . "  When the system was designed over 110 years ago , it did n't plan for that , " said Thomas F. Prendergast , president of MTA New York City Transit . "  It 's hard to incorporate into the system now . " Investigations into the feasibility of installing subway platform doors included the examination of public transportation systems in London , Paris , Seoul , Tokyo and other international cities . The preliminary conclusion was that the age and diversity of New York 's 468 subway stations would require major changes to their structures and electrical systems . One problem is that stations have unique characteristics , some with curved tracks and column lines near the platform edge . "  In stations where we have barely managed to create an accessible path for the disabled , construction may prove to be infeasible , " said Peter Cafiero , chief of operations planning . "  Many stations are listed as landmark or historical , which will require external review and approval of all designs . " Challenges would include the need for platform edge reinforcement to hold up new walls , electrical upgrades in tight spaces , train door and platform alignment and communication issues , and accommodation of train cars of different sizes and with doors in different places . The cost of installation and maintenance would also be a challenge in a system that operates around the clock , Cafiero said . "  I do not want to give the impression that any death is acceptable , " said Prendergast . However , "  there are technological issues we need to overcome to come up with a solution . " Gene Russianoff , a staff attorney for the Straphangers Campaign for the New York Public Interest Research Group , said he shared the concerns expressed by MTA representatives , but suggested exploring alternatives like intrusion-detection technology . Such a system would alert train personnel when someone was on the track or too near the edge of the platform , he said . "  It seems like it would be a lot cheaper , " he said . Though people have been hit by trains for as long as trains have been around , he said , "  That does n't mean you should just shrug and say it 's like the weather . " Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer called last week for the MTA 's inspector general to carry out an investigation into subway fatalities and to consider new safety programs . "  The MTA ca n't just revert to the easy fixes ; I am asking that the agency take a more comprehensive approach by keeping all options on the table that make sense for the safety of commuters and the MTA 's bottom line . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	"  It 's hard to incorporate into the system now , " says MTA 's Thomas Prendergast "  There are technological issues we need to overcome , " says Prendergast The discussion comes in the wake of two deaths where people were pushed onto the tracks
London , England  CNN  -- Lang Lang Revealed - narrated by Jazz Legend Herbie Hancock . Heralded as the "  hottest artist on the classical music planet " by The New York Times , 27-year-old Lang Lang has played sold out recitals and concerts in every major city in the world . The Chinese child prodigy started playing piano at the age of 3 , won his first competition aged 5 , and today age 27 , he is on Time magazine 's list of the 100 Most Influential People in the World . On this month 's Revealed , we follow the piano prodigy on an adventure out of his classical zone , and into the jazz world to meet his hero , American legend Herbie Hancock . Hancock narrates us through this journey , following Lang Lang back to China for a bittersweet trip down memory lane , and then onto Montreux in Switzerland for his first foray into the jazz world . Today Lang Lang is so much in demand that he is constantly on the move , joking to CNN , "  I am a professional traveler . " Revealed joins Lang Lang on board his private jet on a trip to China , where his megastardom has reached levels which make public outings rather problematic ; Lang Lang is mobbed as soon as he sets foot on the street . We talk to his parents about the practice regime they implemented from the age of 4 , and the ruthless work ethic that they believe has brought him success . Lang Lang has made it his mission to share classical music around the world , with an emphasis on training children through outreach programs . Following his performance at the opening of Beijing 's 2008 Olympic Games , he became a symbol of the youth and future of China . This status has inspired over 35 million Chinese children to learn to play classical piano - a phenomenon popularly referred to as "  the Lang Lang effect . " Revealed documents the days leading up to Lang Lang 's next major Chinese performance . He has been selected by the government to perform in celebrations of the 60-year Anniversary of the People 's Republic of China in Tiananmen Square , a fitting performance for the prodigy who is seen to embody modern China . The frenzy surrounding Lang Lang in China inspired iconic piano maker Steinway to create their first piano branded in someone 's name . On a visit to the Steinway shop along the way , Lang Lang meets two aspiring young pianists , and Revealed captures an impromptu masterclass with the two young boys . Lang Lang is not however everyone 's cup of tea . Famously "  loved by some , reviled by others , " there are those who find his flashy image and demonstrative performing styles at odds with the world of classical music . But Lang Lang is not concerned about that . His mission is to spread a love of music and popularize classical works . Revealed follows him to the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland , where he teams up with his hero , Jazz legend Hancock . The feeling of admiration is entirely mutual , and for Hancock who has not played classical repertoire in many years , he is feeling out of his depth . "  Lang Lang is totally amazing , I 'm pretty terrified to be up on stage playing alongside him . I 've never practiced so much in my life ! " Backstage another Jazz legend Quincy Jones has popped by for the concert , remarking , "  Lang Lang has taken the world by storm . This is as good as it gets . " Only 27 years old , Lang Lang is high on life and music , and hungry for as much adventure as he can get his hands on . His energy and enthusiasm rubs off on all those he comes into contact with , and as Revealed quickly discovers , a trail of laughter , hugs and applause seems to follow him everywhere he goes . Tune in to Revealed to join Herbie Hancock as he walks and laughs us through the adventure that brought him and Lang Lang , two worlds , two generations , and two musical genres together . Join Revealed for a glimpse into a musical genius ' life . www.cnn.com/revealed Watch Lang Lang on Revealed in November at the following times : Wednesday 18 November : 0930 , 1730 Saturday 21 November : 0930 , 1800 , 2130 Sunday 22 November : 0630 , 1830 , 0400  all times GMT	Chinese child prodigy Lang Lang started playing piano at the age of three He has performed at the Beijing Games and China 's 60th anniversary Watch Lang Lang collaborate with jazz legend Herbie Hancock
CNN  ESPN suspended reporter Britt McHenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced Thursday . The sports network announced her suspension on Twitter . McHenry posted an apology on Twitter , saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a Virginia business . "  I ... said some insulting and regrettable things . " "  As frustrated as I was , I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road . I am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake , " she wrote . On the roughly one-minute long video that was captured by a surveillance camera , McHenry says to an employee at a register : "  I 'm in the news , sweetheart . I will  expletive  sue this place . " The employee tells McHenry she 's being recorded , but it does n't stop her from continuing her rant . "  That 's why I have a degree and you do n't , " she says . "  I would n't work at a scumbag place like this . Makes my skin crawl even being here . " Later McHenry says , "  maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me , huh ? " The employee apparently says something about McHenry 's hair and the color of her roots . McHenry sasses back , saying , "  Oh , like yours , 'cause they look so stunning , 'cause I 'm on television and you 're in a  expletive  trailer , honey . Lose some weight , baby girl . " CNN reached out to the Arlington towing company for comment but did n't hear immediately back . The edited video was first posted on the website LiveLeak , which said the incident occurred April 5 . The video inspired the Twitter hashtag #firebrittmchenry . The reporter is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months . In February , anchor Keith Olbermann was not on the air for most of a week after a Twitter spat that the anchor had with fans of Penn State University . Bill Simmons was suspended in September for three weeks for calling NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell a liar . Commentator Stephen A. Smith was suspended in July for a week for widely criticized remarks about domestic abuse that referred to possible "  provocation " by victims . How McHenry could have responded McHenry is based in Washington and the incident happened across the Potomac River in Arlington . McHenry joined ESPN in 2014 . At the time of her hiring , ESPN 's senior vice president and director of news , Vince Doria , praised her knack for getting interviews with major sports celebrities . "  In a relatively short time , Britt has established a reputation for strong , aggressive reporting in the D.C. area , and an ability to land big interviews , " said Doria . "  Her presence there will be a great benefit to ESPN 's newsgathering and , as with all of our bureau reporters , she will be assigned to high-profile stories around the country . " Before ESPN , she was with WJLA in Washington . McHenry joined the station in 2008 and the sports staff in 2010 . She went to Stetson as an undergraduate and Northwestern for graduate studies in journalism . Opinion : Who 's worse : Britt McHenry , or us ?	#firebrittmchenry has become a popular hashtag on Twitter Britt McHenry is a reporter for the sports network , and she is based in Washington She apologized on Twitter for losing control of her emotions , not taking the high road
CNN  -- If the trajectory of American daily life keeps heading in its current direction , the country may end up with only two dominant occupations : -- Carrying stuff in boxes to people 's houses . -- And keeping a watchful eye on those same people so they do n't hurt each other or steal things when they do leave their homes . For all the talk about how e-commerce is outpacing the performance of traditional retail sales in brick-and-mortar stores , the men and women who could gain the most from the boom in online merchandising are not Web designers or those who come up with clever new shopping apps , but workers who perform one of the oldest jobs in the world : Lugging packages from the curb to someone 's front door . It 's one task that ca n't be accomplished in cyberspace . During the 2013 holiday season , according to the Wall Street Journal , retail stores drew only about half of the foot traffic that they did three years earlier . And during the peak holiday shopping period , online sales increased by more than double the rate of sales at traditional stores . For every shopper who does n't leave a store carrying a bag full of merchandise , but instead places orders online , there 's someone who has to bring those items to the residence . And in the long run , the major beneficiaries of this shift in habits could very well turn out to be the people who undertake a decidedly low-technology endeavor : grabbing a box from the back of a truck and walking with it to a house . You can already see the effects of this in statistics kept by the United States Postal Service . It 's no secret that , in our era of e-mails and texts , the number of first-class letters delivered by the post office has plummeted . As recently as 2008 , the Postal Service reported that it was delivering 90.7 billion letters annually . By last year , that number was down to 65.8 billion . But the Postal Service 's numbers for delivering packages , as opposed to letters , have actually gone up . In 2008 , it delivered 3.3 . billion packages ; that had grown to 3.7 billion packages by last year . United Parcel Service says it delivers 16.3 million packages and documents worldwide every day -- 4.1 billion a year . Some time-honored , pre-digital-era manufacturing firms have figured out a way to make the lug-the-package-to-the-house business model work for them , too . International Paper Co. , according to the Journal , "  is among the companies profiting from new digital habits . It bought several makers of corrugated cardboard boxes , which now fill with goods shipped by online retailers like Amazon . The Memphis-based paper company said it has a 35 percent market share . " But if carrying boxes is one line of work that has legs , another -- just as old-line -- may become even more in demand as the years go by . We can tell ourselves that our worlds are full of social media friends and amiable followers , yet the growth in industries devoted to protecting us from each other , both on the streets and in the electronic ether , betrays a certain distrust in the purportedly benign intentions of our fellow citizens . It 's not just the checkpoints at airports , and surveillance cameras on street corners , and cybercrime-fighting software offered by manufacturers ; Samuel Bowles and Arjun Jayadev , writing in the New York Times , noted , "  another dubious first for America : We now employ as many private security guards as high school teachers -- over one million of them , or nearly double their number in 1980 . ... What is happening in America today is both unprecedented in our history , and virtually unique among Western democratic nations . The share of our labor force devoted to guard labor has risen fivefold since 1890 . " This caution on the part of both citizens and industry may be warranted , but Bowles and Jayadev , reflecting on the melancholy underlying message of this , point out what philosopher John Stuart Mill wrote in 1848 : "  It is lamentable to think how a great proportion of all efforts and talents in the world are employed in merely neutralizing one another . " Neutralizing one another or , more cheerily , showing up bearing boxes . The Postal Service reports that its letter carriers and package-deliverers drive 4 million miles every day . UPS operates a delivery fleet consisting of 96,028 cars , vans , tractors and motorcycles , as well as 237 aircraft . As the inexorable shift to e-commerce becomes the standard way of shopping , those numbers can only be expected to increase . And the private-security industry ? That other growth field ? There is an outside chance that it could eventually dwindle : if we should someday decide to put our faith in the sweet intentions and endless goodwill of our fellow citizens , both the ones we can see and the ones who invisibly make their way into our computers . Until then , though , there is a multitude of home-security and break-in-alarm products for sale online . And a multitude of men and women hired to carry them to the double-locked front door .	Bob Greene : America may end up with only two dominant occupations Greene : One is carrying stuff to people 's homes , the other is protecting them He says with the rise of online shopping , more people need delivery services Greene : The other growth field is private security ; we employ more guards now
CNN  -- Carolina Panthers defensive end Greg Hardy , who was convicted of domestic violence this summer , did not play Sunday in his team 's win over the Detroit Lions . The news comes amid increased focus on the National Football League and the way it handles players accused of domestic violence . Until the team 's surprising announcement just before game time , Hardy was set to play Sunday . Ray Rice , recently released by the Baltimore Ravens , and Minnesota Vikings star Adrian Peterson wo n't play either . Peterson was placed on the inactive list late last week after he was indicted by a grand jury in Texas on a child abuse charge . He tweeted a photo on Sunday of a highlighted religious devotion that cautions people against passing judgment . Rice , meanwhile , might never play again , since the NFL suspended him indefinitely after a video was posted online that showed him punching out his now-wife in February . ` Zero applause for the Panthers ' Authorities say Hardy in May choked his then-girlfriend , threw her around , dragged her by her hair and threatened to kill her . He was sentenced in July to 18 months of probation and a 60-day suspended sentence for the misdemeanors with which he was charged . The 6-foot-4 , 275 pound defensive end says he is innocent and has appealed a guilty verdict rendered by a Mecklenburg County judge in North Carolina . Critics had wondered how Rice could be suspended while Hardy had not . Even after the Panthers deactivated him Sunday , it was too little too late for some . "  Zero applause for the Panthers , " Sports Illustrated 's Richard Deitsch tweeted . "  They ceded to press/public pressure . It was disgrace it took this long . " ` Climate has changed ' The Panthers drew heated criticism over its handling of Hardy even while speaking out against domestic violence . Owner Jerry Richardson , while accepting a civic award last week , began to cry while speaking about domestic violence . "  When it comes to domestic violence , my stance is not one of indifference . I stand firmly against domestic violence , plain and simple , " he told the audience in Charlotte . "  To those who would suggest we 've been too slow to act , I ask that you consider not to be too quick to judge . " Although he did not mention the words "  domestic violence " in his post-game remarks , Panthers coach Ron Rivera obliquely acknowledged the controversy looming over not just Hardy , but over the entire league . "  The climate has changed , " he said . "  We really do have to get this right . Believe me . I understand that " Harsher penalties for domestic violence In the wake of the Ray Rice incident , NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced more severe punishment guidelines to the NFL 's personal conduct policy . According to an August 28 memo sent by Goodell to all 32 teams , anyone in the league -- players or team personnel -- will be suspended for a minimum of six games for a first offense of domestic violence . Players are granted the opportunity to appeal . Ray Rice has until midnight Tuesday to file his appeal , if he chooses to do so . What 's not clear is whether the NFL would apply these new guidelines retroactively , which is perhaps one explanation as to why Hardy -- sentenced a month before Goodell 's memo -- has not yet been dealt with by the NFL . Another explanation could be that the league is waiting for the legal process to play itself out . Hardy has another trial scheduled for November . CNN reached out to the NFL Sunday but had not immediately heard back . Meanwhile , Hardy will continue be paid while he is on the inactive list . CNN 's Jill Martin contributed to this story .	NEW : Carolina Panthers coach says team "  will get it right " Greg Hardy was convicted of domestic violence but has appealed , saying he is innocent Ray Rice was suspended indefinitely after video emerged of him punching now-wife Neither Rice nor Vikings ' Adrian Peterson has faced trial , but they 've been benched
CNN  -- "  Even Superman has daddy issues . " Damon Lindelof -- who , along with Carlton Cuse , oversaw "  Lost 's " six-season run -- had that to say when asked to compare the story of Superman to the story of the TV series for which he 's best known . Lindelof is one of a dream team of writers contributing stories to the landmark 900th issue of "  Action Comics , " in stores Wednesday . The others include David Goyer , writer of "  Batman Begins " and the upcoming film "  The Man of Steel " ; Richard Donner , director of "  Superman : The Movie " ; Geoff Johns , DC Comics ' chief creative officer and one of its most popular writers ; Paul Dini , best known for producing "  Batman " and "  Superman : The Animated Series " ; and Paul Cornell , who has been writing "  Action " since last year and is best known for his work on the "  Doctor Who " novels and TV series . Nine hundred issues is the most any monthly comic book has ever published  though it went weekly for a brief time in the 1980s  , with the first issue of "  Action " having introduced the character of Superman in 1938 .  That issue also recently sold for $ 1.5 million . CNN recently interviewed Lindelof and Cornell , separately , about the historic issue and Superman 's legacy . They addressed a few topics of heated fan debate in the process . CNN : What can readers expect in this 900th issue ? Lindelof : Obviously , "  Action " No. 900 is a landmark issue -- one that covers Superman 's past , present and future . I tried to  write  a little story that fits into the myth that we all know but looks at it from a different point of view . Cornell :  There 's  an enormous lead story , closing Lex Luthor 's adventure into ultimate power , setting him up against Superman in their fight of their lives and then continuing into Superman 's new ongoing adventure against Doomsday . With loads of extra features in the back ! CNN : What was it like writing for Superman ? Lindelof : To actually play in a world that was so inspirational to me since I was a kid is nothing less than a dream come true . CNN : What did you hope to accomplish with your story ? Lindelof : My hope was to drum up a little emotion : As heroic as Superman is , there is also an inherent sadness to his story . I wanted to try to tap that . CNN : Is there anything that 's surprised you about writing the character ? Cornell : I 've discovered he really needs thought balloons . He ca n't show doubt or fear to the world , because he wants to enthuse and support the people around him , but he can doubt and fear inside . CNN : What have you hoped to accomplish in all of your time writing for him ? Cornell : To show his essential humanity , especially in comparison to the bad parenting that produced Lex . CNN : Did you grow up as a Superman fan ? Cornell : I think we all did . He 's one of the most recognizable characters on Earth , and we all know many details of his life and supporting cast , far more than you would with virtually any other character . I think that 's the power of radio , that first mass medium , to establish details in the heads of a truly enormous audience , and it all got passed down from there . CNN : If you could have one of Superman 's powers , what would it be ? Cornell : Flight , obviously . I 'd love to be able to take off and go visit people in the States . Customs might be a problem . Lindelof : I 'm sure everyone picks flight , so in the spirit of being unique , I 'm gon na go with the ability to take the "  S " insignia on his chest and make it grow to gargantuan proportions so I could throw it at people and ensnare them  as demonstrated in "  Superman II "  . CNN : Who is your favorite villain ? Cornell : It 's obviously Lex . I 've been living in his head for a dozen issues now . I think we have a lot in common . Lindelof : Bizarro . I just love everything about that guy . CNN : Do you have a favorite incarnation of Superman , whether it be in the comics , TV , or movies through the years ? Cornell : Christopher Reeve . He sorted it and balanced it so well that everyone else since has been influenced by him . Lindelof : Chris Reeve will always be Superman to me ... but as far as comics go , you 're never gon na do better than Alan Moore 's "  For the Man Who Has Everything . " CNN : Can you settle this ongoing debate : Is Superman Clark Kent 's secret identity , or the other way around ? Cornell : Clark Kent is a real person who acts slightly more bumbling at the Daily Planet and has an interesting ethnic heritage . Superman is the job he puts on a uniform to do , and like a cop , he 's a somewhat more serious person when he 's doing it . Lindelof : As I 'm of the belief that everything uttered in "  Kill Bill " has to be right , I have to agree with David Carradine on that one .  Carradine 's character , Bill , argued that Clark Kent was Superman 's secret identity . CNN : What can we expect beyond issue No. 900 ? Cornell : A huge fight against Doomsday for the next several issues , with Superman and a bunch of his friends repeatedly saving the world . That 's what everyone 's after !	"  Action Comics " hits historical 900th issue this week "  Lost " co-creator Damon Lindelof part of a dream team of writers for the issue Lindelof and "  Action " writer Paul Cornell spoke about Superman 's legacy In separate stories , writers explore Superman 's humanity , emotions
FT  -- Unilever is to buy Alberto Culver , the US-based consumer goods company , for $ 3.7 bn  # 2.3 bn  in a deal that will bring brands such as TRESemmé and VO5 into the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate 's stable of haircare and skincare products . "  We are delighted to be acquiring Alberto Culver , " Paul Polman , Unilever chief executive , said on Monday . "  Their people have done an excellent job of building an impressive range of brands such as TRESemmé , VO5 , Nexxus , St. Ives and Simple . These will complement Unilever 's existing portfolio of iconic brands like Dove , Clear and Sunsilk in hair care and Pond 's and Vaseline in skincare , and will help build on our strong global positions in both the hair care and skin care categories . " Shares in Unilever rose 0.3 per cent or 6p to # 17.99 p in early London trading on Monday . For the 12 months to June , Alberto Culver made revenues of $ 1.6 bn  # 1.1 bn  and earnings before interest , tax , depreciation and amortization of more than $ 250m  # 158m  . The all-cash deal includes $ 150m of Alberto Culver 's debt . Alberto Culver group employs 2,700 people and has operations in nine countries , including the US , Canada , the UK , Argentina , Mexico and South Africa . While it produces products such as low-sodium food dressings and baking sprays , the acquisition is most significant for adding further weight to Unilever 's operations in so-called "  personal care " products such as skincare , haircare and bodywash . Personal care is the fastest-growing category for global consumer goods companies , especially in emerging markets , and the Alberto Culver acquisition will allow Unilever to have more products across a broader range of price points . In the most recent quarter , Unilever 's sales of personal care goods rose 7.8 percent to $ 3.6 bn , compared with growth of only 3.5 percent for ice-cream and beverages , and 0.5 percent for savoury foods , dressings and spreads . The story is the same at Reckitt Benckiser , the maker of Cillit Bang cleaner and Finish dishwasher powder , where health and personal care is growing at 14 percent a year , compared to 8 percent growth across the whole business . The drive to access this fast-growing category prompted Reckitt to purchase SSL International , the maker of Durex condoms and Scholl footcare , in July for # 1.5 bn  $ 2.3 bn  . The Alberto Culver acquisition is the second major deal by Unilever in this product category this year . In September 2009 , the group bought the personal care division of Sara Lee , securing Radox bubblebath and Brylcreem hairgel , although the European Commission is still scrutinizing the deal . "  Personal Care is a strategic category for Unilever and growing rapidly , " said Mr Polman . "  Ten years ago it represented 20 percent of our turnover ; strong organic growth has now driven it to reach over 30 percent , with strong positions in many of the emerging markets . "  Organic growth remains the cornerstone of our energizing ambition to double the size of Unilever whilst reducing our overall environmental impact . Bolt-on acquisitions such as Alberto Culver supplement organic growth and add powerful new brands to our portfolio . " Initial analyst response to the acquisition was positive . "  The initial consideration for Alberto Culver of 14.8 x EBITDA on the face of it looks quite punchy , but we believe ` significant ' but as yet undisclosed synergies will make the price look more reasonable , " said Graham Jones and Damian McNeela at Panmure Gordon in a note to investors . "  It further skews Unilever to high-growth , high-margin personal care categories , gives a more rounded category presence in hair care and makes it global leader in hair conditioning , number two in shampoo and number three in styling . "	Anglo-Dutch conglomerate Unilever to buy Alberto Culver for $ 3.7 bn  # 2.3 bn  . Alberto Culver is US-based consumer goods company with famous haircare brands . For the 12 months to June , Alberto Culver made revenues of $ 1.6 bn  # 1.1 bn  . Alberto Culver group employs 2,700 people and has operations in nine countries .
The Frisky  -- Yes , yes , James Franco is going to Yale , the third stop on his tour of schools in the tri-state area -- before graduating from Columbia and going all Ivy League business , Franco had a brief fling with New York University . Amongst those precious days he spent at the latter , I was fortunate enough to share an elevator with him on the way to one of my classes . He was disheveled , kind of unwashed , but still pretty sexy . Most importantly , he spoke to me . He greeted me and asked me to press a button for his floor , and I pushed that button with more glamor , class , and subtle sex appeal than I have ever shown in any previous elevator-related activities . Throughout this enchanted encounter , I felt gifted and starstruck , but I did n't really feel like Franco had a way with words . Apparently , he 's out to prove me wrong because he has been hard at work on a collection of short stories called Palo Alto -- one of the stories , "  Just Before the Black , " was featured in the recent issue of Esquire . Here are some highlights : It features a dragon bong , has a 268-word sentence , and also has quite a collection of f-bombs . The story has received an array of reviews , and most suggest that Franco 's fiction probably would n't have been published without the acting career . Ouch ! Let 's hope the book gets a little more enthusiasm . Of course , Franco is nowhere near the first celebrity to take on fiction . Read on to see what writings other famous folk have produced , and what the critics had to say . The Frisky : Freaks and geeks -- 13 shocking celeb yearbook photos "  Baywatch " babe Pamela Anderson Book : "  Star and Starstruck " Summary : A poorly feigned attempt to pass Pamela Anderson 's real life off as fiction . Star Wood Leigh is flung into fame via a show called "  Lifeguards , " later dealing with the gossip and drama that follows her marriage to rock star Jimi Deeds . Overall , an easy way for Anderson to reveal everything about her life but pretend it never happened . Review : "  Anderson 's range is predictably limited , and she abandons quite a few unrealized plot threads along the way . This thinly veiled novelization of her own life does n't pretend to be anything but trashy and cheesy , which gives it an amiable charm . " -- Publishers Weekly "  House " star Hugh Laurie Book : "  The Gun Seller " Summary : Before Hugh Laurie could be watched in our homes on the TV show "  House , " we could read his wit in Seller . A spy-spoof about Thomas Lang , an ex-solider who accidentally finds himself in a James Bond-esque plot . The situation is ignited when Lang turns down an assassination job and tries to warn the victim before some else does the deed . What follows is a whirlwind of terrorists , espionage , guns , and gags . Review : "  The Gun Seller is fast , topical , wry , suspenseful , hilarious , witty , surprising , ridiculous and pretty wonderful . And you do n't need a permit to buy it ... a delightful novel . " -- The Washington Post Book World The Frisky : Where will they be ? Future lives of celebrity kids Material mom Madonna Book : "  The English Roses Series " Summary : So the movies and Madonna did n't really seem to work out , so the next stop was apparently children 's books . The "  Roses " book series for younger girls is about a group of four female friends who promise to stay best buddies forever . The foursome talks about and has some their first experiences with boys , frenemies , and young life in general . Review : "  Forget Madonna 's wild ways . She offers a vital message for girls . Judge the book , not the author . " -- USA Today Lauren Conrad of "  The Hills " Book : "  L.A. Candy " Series Summary : Following in Anderson 's hardly fiction footsteps , Lauren Conrad tells the story of a Jane Roberts , who is offered a TV show with her best friend Scarlett . The two think that a reality show in L.A. will be a dream come true , but it turns out there is a lot of drama on camera and off , aka this is the novelization of "  The Hills , " which fits , since it is practically fiction anyways . Review : "  Is there nothing LC ca n't do ? Well , uh , yes . Write a ` novel . ' " -- Entertainment Weekly The Frisky - 10 reality stars with a shady past Model Naomi Campbell Book : "  Swan " Summary : In Naomi Campbell 's book , "  Swan , " the most successful supermodel in the world decides to give it all up to create change in her life . This departure from modeling includes the famous face stepping down as the rep for her own company , Swan Beauty . The book follows the happenings of five different girls vying to be the new face of Swan . Review : "  Despite the insider perspective provided by Campbell -- herself a supermodel -- the narrative is somewhat disjointed , making the various stories difficult to follow . Not an essential purchase . " -- Library Journal  Whoever wrote that review should always keep an eye on the sky for falling cell phones , just saying . Actor Ethan Hawke Book : "  The Hottest State " Summary : Ethan Hawke 's first novel about a young actor who moves to New York from Texas . In this coming-of-age tale the main character deals with the usual literary fare : a difficult girlfriend , bathroom sex , and a sense of confusion . This does n't really sound like a far stretch from the real Hawke , not even the bathroom sex . Review : "  Hawke does a fine job of showing what it 's like to be young and full of confusion . " -- The New York Times Book Review The Frisky : 10 stars who 've dated the "  help " Actress Julianne Moore Book : "  Freckleface Strawberry " Summary : Julianne Moore continues to prove she is a caring and classy lady with this children 's book . It is an adorable story about the title character learning to absolutely love who she is , even with the bullying-trigger traits of red hair and freckles . Something tells me this is Moore helping kids work through childhood esteem issues that she suffered through herself . Review : "  The four-time Academy Award nominee joins with illustrator LeUyen Pham to create an endearing picture book about a common childhood experience . " -- Barnes and Noble Comedian Steve Martin Book : "  Shopgirl " Summary : The story of a shopgirl Mirabelle who works at the glove department of Nieman 's , "  selling things that nobody buys any more . " She has a hopeless relationship that seems to fit her somewhat sad life , but then meets a rich older man . A man who seems willing to make her life little more interesting . The book has been made into a film starring Steve Martin , which makes me wondered if he had that planned all along . Review : " ... a hilarious but intense first novella ... One of the nicest things about this novel is the way it effortlessly bridges generations . " -- Vogue Star Trek Book : "  A Lifetime of Love " Summary : As if Leonard Nimoy is n't remembered enough for being "  Star Trek 's " most memorable Vulcan , Mr. Spock , but he is also trying to touch our hearts through poetry . This collection offers an in-depth look at the basic urge of all people "  to love and be loved " from the perspective of one man fighting through life 's complex emotions . Review : "  A talented writer whose words celebrate humanity and what is important in the world . A Lifetime of Love is a story told in poetry of one man 's journey to find a place of serenity and peace within himself . " -- Barnes and Noble The Frisky : What Sandra Bullock Can Learn From Her Films TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Pamela Anderson and Lauren Conrad turned their real lives into fiction Julianne Moore 's children 's book teaches kids to love who they are Steve Martin starred in the movie version of his novella , "  Shopgirl "
CNN  -- Lawyers for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Wednesday asked that the federal trial of the suspected Boston Marathon bomber be moved to Washington , D.C. . In a motion filed with U.S. District Court of Massachusetts , lawyers for Tsarnaev , 20 , claimed that the defense team 's own venue survey revealed an "  overwhelming presumption of guilt " in the state , prejudgment as to the potential penalty -- the prosecution is seeking the death penalty -- and an "  extraordinary high number " of potential jurors who either attended or participated in the 2013 Boston Marathon or know someone who did . Prosecutors said Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at the finish line of the 2013 race . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed during the manhunt that paralyzed Boston in the day the blasts . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleaded not guilty to killing four people and wounding more than 200 in the attacks . Defense lawyers said the "  publicity , tremendous local impact and galvanizing community reaction " forced a change of venue in case against Timothy McVeigh , who was executed for his role in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that took 168 lives . "  The community impact here is even greater than that present in McVeigh , given that the bombings occurred at the Boston Marathon on the day thousands of Bostonians and others from the region gathered to celebrate the runners , the Red Sox , and Patriots Day , the indelible fear that friends and family could have been killed or injured , the trauma experienced by those in the region for four more days while the police sought the perpetrators , and the hundreds of thousands of Boston area residents who sheltered in place during the climactic final day of the search , " the motion said . "  If a change of venue was warranted in McVeigh , it is even more compelled by the facts presented here . " Defense lawyers surveyed the Southern District of New York in Manhattan and the federal court district in Washington , both of which are "  reasonably close , accessible to witnesses and interested persons , and able to logistically accommodate a trial of this magnitude , " the motion said . Washington would be the more favorable location , it added . In Boston and Springfield , Massachusetts , the survey found that 57.9 % and 51.7 % of the respondents , respectively , said they believed the defendant was guilty , compared to 47.9 % and 37.4 % for Manhattan and Washington . In addition , 37 % of the respondents in Boston and 35 % in Springfield believed Tsarnaev should receive the death penalty . Defense lawyers asked the court for more time to study the issue before the November trial date . Also on Wednesday , U.S. District Judge George O'Toole in Massachusetts heard arguments about whether Tsarnaev 's alleged "  betrayal " of the United States was an aggravating factor for seeking the death penalty against him . A defense motion accused prosecutors of trying to use the suspect 's foreign birth and immigration to imply that he was "  more blameworthy , and more deserving of severe punishment " than a native-born person who commits the identical crime . The government has said that part of Tsarnaev 's motive "  was to provide aid and comfort to America 's enemies . " Prosecutors also said that after Tsarnaev received asylum from the United States , he "  enjoyed the freedoms of a United States citizen ; and then betrayed his allegiance to the United States " by killing and maiming its people , according to court filing . O'Toole agreed with the defense , saying that drawing a distinction between naturalized and natural born citizens was "  highly inappropriate . "	Defense lawyers say it 's impossible to seat an impartial jury in Massachusetts Prosecutors say Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and his brother planted bombs at 2013 Boston Marathon Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty Three people died and more than 200 were wounded in the attack
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee from Britain appeared in a London court Saturday , charged with Syria-related terrorism offenses , UK police said . Moazzam Begg , 45 , from Birmingham , is accused of providing instruction and training for terrorism and funding terrorism overseas , West Midlands Police said . A 44-year-old woman , Gerrie Tahari , also from Birmingham , is also accused of funding terrorism overseas . Both suspects , who were arrested Tuesday and charged late Friday , denied the charges at Westminster Magistrates ' Court . They were remanded in custody to appear at the Old Bailey criminal court in London on March 14 . Two other men , aged 20 and 36 , who were also arrested on Tuesday remain in custody , the police said . Begg was arrested as a suspected al Qaeda member in Pakistan in February 2002 and was held at the U.S. airbase at Bagram , Afghanistan , before being sent to the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Begg spent nearly three years in custody . He was sent back to Britain by the Bush administration in early 2005 and was never prosecuted . He co-authored a book about his experiences at Guantanamo Bay in 2006 and has appeared as a public speaker and commentator in Britain and overseas since his release .	Moazzam Begg appears in court charged with providing training for terrorism Begg denies that charge and another of funding terrorism overseas A 44-year-old woman also denies a charge of funding terrorism overseas Begg spent nearly three years in U.S. custody in Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- When a grenade bounced off his chest and fell to the floor near his fellow troops , Petty Officer 2nd Class Michael Monsoor acted out of instinct . His actions did n't stem from a lack of training . His instant reaction was to protect his comrades . The Navy says he committed a selfless act : jumping on the grenade and taking the full force of the blast . President Bush presented Monsoor 's parents with a posthumous Medal of Honor for their son at an emotional White House ceremony on Tuesday . Watch Monsoor 's sister share her memories " Bush quoted one of the SEALS saved by Monsoor as saying , "  Mikey looked death in the face that day and said , ` You can not take my brothers . I will go in their stead . ' " Watch the president bestow the award " Monsoor was one of the U.S. military 's most highly trained combatants , a Navy SEAL . He 's the first SEAL to receive the Medal of Honor for actions in Iraq . On September 29 , 2006 , Monsoor was part of a major clearing and isolating operation to root out enemy fighters holding parts of Ramadi , the Sunni insurgent stronghold west of Baghdad . Monsoor was in a sniper position on a rooftop along with two other SEALs when a grenade flew into his location from out of nowhere . It bounced off his chest and landed in an area where it probably would have killed or seriously wounded all three of them . Monsoor was in a position to escape before the explosion but instead leapt on the grenade . "  He recognized immediately the threat , yelled ` grenade ' and due to the fact that two other SEAL snipers , our brothers , could not possibly escape the blast , he chose to smother it with his body , absorbed the impact and lost his life in the process , " said Lt. Cmdr. Seth Stone , Mansoor 's platoon commander . The blast did not kill him right away ; he hung on for 30 minutes . His two comrades were wounded but survived the shrapnel that ripped through their bodies . Stone said : "  He essentially saved -LSB- the -RSB- Navy SEALS on the rooftop and three Iraqi soldiers who were there . " Until this month , when the White House announced that Monsoor would receive the Medal of Honor posthumously , few people knew of his story . Born in 1981 in Long Beach , California , Monsoor excelled as a high school athlete . He joined the Navy before the September 11 attacks . In 2004 , Monsoor graduated from the basic SEAL training course as one of the top members of his class . By March 2005 , he had completed his training and was assigned to SEAL Team 3 , Delta Platoon . In April 2006 , that unit deployed to Iraq 's troubled and violent western provincial capital of Ramadi . Monsoor would not return home alive . His five-month stay in Ramadi was marked by constant attacks . As a heavy machine gunner , Monsoor had to stay behind the point man on foot patrols and protect the unit from attacks . Delta Platoon was involved in attacks on 75 percent of its missions in a highly contested part of Ramadi called the Ma ` laab district , according to the Navy . On a patrol less than a month after arriving in Iraq , Monsoor showed some of his selfless instinct when gunfire hit a fellow SEAL in the leg . Monsoor "  ran out into the street with another SEAL , shot cover fire and dragged his comrade to safety while enemy bullets kicked up the concrete at their feet , " according to Navy documents . He received the Silver Star , the third highest award for valor in combat . His unit continued to endure the constant barrage of attacks and some 35 firefights with insurgent forces over the scorching Iraqi summer . Monsoor also was saddled with carrying heavy radio equipment on his back as the "  SEAL communicator " who called in tank and other support during firefights . He received the Bronze Star for his work as an adviser for Iraqi troops . "  His leadership , guidance and decisive actions during 11 different combat operations saved the lives of his teammates , other -LSB- U.S.-led -RSB- coalition forces and Iraqi army soldiers , " according to Navy documents . But it was his instinct on his last operation on that Ramadi roof that solidified Monsoor 's standing as a hero . E-mail to a friend	Navy SEAL Michael Monsoor awarded posthumous Medal of Honor for heroism President Bush gave medal to Monsoor 's parents at a White House ceremony Monsoor died in Iraq after falling on a grenade to protect his comrades He 's the first Navy SEAL to win Medal of Honor for actions in Iraq
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- A three-judge panel will begin hearing testimony Monday in Republican Norm Coleman 's post-election legal challenge for the U.S. Senate seat . Norm Coleman will argue many votes were not recounted properly in his bid for re-election to the U.S. Senate . An election-night count showed Coleman , who was the incumbent senator from Minnesota , ahead by a few hundred votes . A recount handed victory to his opponent , Democrat Al Franken , by 225 votes . About 3 million ballots were cast in the race . "  We have a good shot at this , and so I proceed with that in mind , " Coleman said last week , calling Franken 's lead "  artificial . " To aid in his battle , Coleman has retained Ben Ginsberg , the lawyer who led the Florida recount efforts for the Republican side during the disputed presidential election in 2000 . Coleman 's attorneys plan to argue three points : • That nearly 12,000 absentee ballots rejected on Election Day should be recounted because at least 4,500 of them were discarded in error . If those ballots are allowed , they could flip the race back in Coleman 's favor . • That the canvassing board did not use a uniform standard when it counted 933 ballots from the discarded pile of absentee ballots . Those 933 gave Franken the edge . • That some votes were counted twice , which also worked in Franken 's favor . The burden to prove the ballot discrepancies falls on the Coleman team , Ginsberg said . "  We are , after all , the contestant , " he said . "  But I have to say that we feel little weight on our shoulders as we go forward . " The Coleman team has said it will also file a class-action lawsuit on behalf of the absentee voters whose ballots were rejected . The lawyers dismissed assertions by the Franken side that Minnesota is in a "  constitutional crisis " because it has only one senator in Washington . Ginsberg pointed out that Illinois and New York had one senator attending sessions when then-Sens . Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton were campaigning during the presidential race . Ginsberg said "  the Franken campaign are not nearly so concerned about " those vacancies . Marc Elias , the lead attorney for the Franken recount team , laughed at the comparison and said Ginsberg was "  thankfully " not serving in the U.S. Senate . "  The fact is that the Constitution of the United States provides for two senators from every state , " he said . The Franken side will ask the Minnesota Supreme Court on February 5 to order Gov. Tim Pawlenty and Secretary of State Mark Ritchie to issue a temporary election certificate so Franken can be seated in the Senate . Both men have refused , saying they will wait until the matter is resolved . It is uncertain how long the case will take to wind its way through the legal channels . Even if the trial ends quickly , either side could file additional appeals to the state Supreme Court or the federal courts . The Minnesota seat is the only vacancy in the Senate , which Democrats control by a 58 to 41 margin . Should Franken prevail , Democrats would be one vote shy of 60 , which would give them the power to muscle through major legislative initiatives over Republican objections . Coleman was first elected to the Senate in 2002 and has served one term . Franken is a comedian and liberal talk show host . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	About 3 million ballots cast in race ; Al Franken won recount by 255 votes Norm Coleman 's attorneys to argue ballots recounted improperly in three ways Coleman hired attorney who led GOP Florida recount effort in 2000 presidential race Franken to ask Supreme Court to order governor to seat him temporarily
CNN  -- No , not all men channel frustration over romantic rejection into a killing spree . But yes , all women experience harassment , discrimination or worse at some point in their lives . That 's the message at the core of an ongoing Twitter conversation that emerged after a rampage last week that left six students from the University of California , Santa Barbara , dead and wounded 13 others . Elliot Rodger , who apparently shot and killed himself , left behind a robust digital footprint detailing his plan to "  destroy everything I can not have , " blaming the "  cruelness of women " for leading to his "  day of retribution . " His comments inspired Twitter users to tweet the hashtag #YesAllWomen : They shared examples of what "  women must fear " even if "  not all men " engage in those behaviors , according to the person believed to have created the hashtag Saturday . The person did not respond to CNN 's request for comment . The hashtag -- a response to the "  not all men " defense sometimes used to deflect feminist arguments -- spread quickly on Twitter , zeroing in on the subtle and explicit signals that a woman 's worth is based on her availability to men . By Tuesday morning , #YesAllWomen had been tweeted more than 1 million times . Expanding the conversation #YesAllWomen is the latest Twitter hashtag to draw attention to violence against women in a global conversation that has spread from social media to college campuses and into the White House . While most feminist-driven Twitter campaigns preach to the choir , #YesAllWomen has succeeded in drawing the mainstream -- including men -- into the conversation , feminist writer and political analyst Zerlina Maxwell said . More unique is the conversation 's focus on misogyny and its negative impact on women and men , Maxwell said , pointing to tweets from men as evidence . There was backlash to the hashtag 's sentiment , too . Some challenged the idea that misogyny was behind Rodger 's killing spree , while others argued against the broader idea that most women face gender-based harassment . But those tweeting #YesAllWomen interpreted backlash as evidence to prove their points . #YesAllWomen 's forebears include #everydaysexism , which evolved from the website Everyday Sexism . In 2011 , the site launched as a place for people to share stories of gender-based harassment . Today , #everdaysexism exists as a continuous feed of examples of street harassment , and as an occasional rallying cry around petitions . It has been tweeted more than 520,000 times in the past year , according to social Web search engine Topsy . Earlier this year , Maxwell started #rapecultureiswhen in response to a Time.com op-ed calling for an end to "  rape culture hysteria . " The hashtag highlighted examples of victim blaming and was tweeted more than 67,000 times . With more than 1.2 million tweets so far , #YesAllWomen has far outpaced both hashtags , according to Topsy . It has drawn comments from celebrities such as Kerry Washington , Neil Gaiman and Patton Oswalt . Celebrity boost aside , #YesAllWomen 's universal appeal springs from "  bottom-up " personal stories instead of a single omniscient voice in an op-ed , Maxwell said . "  It 's not somebody on high saying this is a problem in society and everyone should fix it , " she said . "  It 's people talking about real experiences , and each experience is validated by the next . " More than Internet slacktivism Even though #YesAllWomen grew as a counterpoint to the "  not all men " argument , it 's effective because it stands on its own , feminist media critic Rachel Sklar said . In fact , Rodger 's killing spree shows that men can also be victims of hostility toward women : Four men were among those killed , including his two roommates , "  the biggest nerds I had ever seen , " Rodger said . Rodger left behind a 137-page "  manifesto " in which he wrote , "  I 've wanted love , affection , adoration . You think I 'm unworthy of it . That 's a crime that can never be forgiven . " "  I do n't know what you do n't see in me . I 'm the perfect guy and yet you throw yourselves at these obnoxious men instead of me , the supreme gentleman , " Rodger said in a YouTube video posted the day of the killings . Sklar said his words echoed sentiments voiced by men 's rights activists in online forums and social media platforms , especially Twitter . Those murmurs rarely turn deadly , she said , but Rodger 's actions represent every woman 's worst fears . "  It 's been a collective trigger for women . It 's an extreme case of something we see and experience regularly as part of our lives , but it 's shocking and jarring and scary to see it taken to these lengths , " said Sklar , who founded the women 's network TheLi.st . Despite its grim origins , #YesAllWomen advanced conversation around issues that dominate feminist circles , feminist writer Soraya Chemaly said . The hashtag sparked more discussion about rape in India and Africa , and college campus sex assault in the United States . The hashtag also forced discussion of the intersection of mental illness and misogyny in violence against women , especially in mass shootings , which are overwhelmingly perpetrated by white men . "  I do n't know how anyone can look at this information and not see how densely matrixed all these factors and events are , " Chemaly said . "  We keep seeing this pattern repeated and people seem to think misogyny or mental illness are exclusive or need to be prioritized . " While there 's no tangible outcome to the hashtag 's spread , those involved said it 's far from the typical slacktivism . It created a virtual space for women to share their stories , Chemaly said . "  While there 's a lot of harm that can happen online , the Internet  has been  so fundamentally transformative for women and feminists , " she said . "  Women who were isolated in their experiences by culture and their families for the first time can exceed those boundaries . "	Elliot Rodger 's misogynistic rants inspired #YesAllWomen Twitter conversation #YesAllWomen has been trending since Saturday after killing spree in California People tweet #YesAllWomen to share examples of gender-based harassment Participants : Campaign drew in outsiders instead of preaching to feminist choir
Morten Storm , a Danish double agent who says he worked with the CIA and Danish intelligence to track down American-born al Qaeda cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , says the Danish intelligence agency PET tried to buy his silence after he stopped working for them earlier this year . Storm claims the Danish intelligence agency offered payments totaling 1.5 m Danish Krone  $ 260,000  over a five-year period . He told the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten that PET had offered him the money tax free , after the agency became aware that he was considering going public with his story . But he said he rejected the offer because PET had broken a series of promises to him , including providing permanent residence status in Denmark for his foreign wife . Instead he told Jyllands-Posten his extraordinary story -- which spanned five years and several trips to Yemen as a double agent -- as well as a close relationship with CIA officers , according to Storm 's account . The revelations , backed up extensive corroborating evidence , have sent shock waves through Denmark , and led to calls for greater oversight of the country 's intelligence services . Danish law prohibits the security services from being involved in assassinations . The Danish biker and the trail that led to Al Qaeda 's most wanted "  We have documented clearly that the Danish secret service took part in mission to locate Anwar al-Awlaki and that raises the question because , it was known at the time the U.S. was ready to kill him if they had the chance , " Jyllands-Posten editor Pierre Collignon told CNN . The disclosure Sunday by Storm of the cash offer has heightened the political controversy in Denmark , and led to allegations Danish authorities were trying to cover up illegal activity . Storm had previously provided Jyllands-Posten an audio recording from this summer in which one of his Danish intelligence handlers appeared to hold out the possibility of payments . "  What annoys me about is the way you treated me last year with Anwar , " Storm is heard saying on the recording . "  Yes , yes . But that 's it , -LSB- we 're -RSB- trying to make up for -LSB- it -RSB- now , " his handler replied , according to Jyllands-Posten . PET director Jakob Scharf two weeks ago said that his agency "  did not contribute during the military operation that led to the killing of al-Awlaki in Yemen . " PET and CIA have neither confirmed nor denied Storm worked for them . PET has made no public comment on Storm 's latest allegations . There is firm evidence that Storm , a former biker and petty criminal , moved within jihadist circles after converting to Islam in the late 1990s -- becoming known as Murad Storm . Storm , who befriended al-Awlaki in Yemen in 2006 , claims he approached Danish intelligence later that year after becoming disillusioned with radical Islam , and subsequently worked with them and the CIA to locate and target the cleric . Storm detailed three attempts by the Western intelligence agencies to locate and target al-Awlaki . The first came after Storm met with al-Awlaki in a desert camp in Yemen in September 2009 . He said that after he passed on details of al-Awlaki 's location to his Danish and American intelligence handlers , Yemeni forces carried out an assault on the house al-Awlaki had been staying in , killing the owner . But al-Awlaki had already left . The second attempt , Storm told Jyllands-Posten , was the planting of a tracking device in the luggage of "  Aminah " a Croatian convert to Islam , when she traveled to Yemen to marry al-Awlaki in June 2010 . Storm said he arranged the match after al-Awlaki had requested he find him a Western bride during a previous meeting . Though Storm said he was paid $ 250,000 by the CIA for arranging the match , the operation failed after the AQAP operatives told Aminah to repack her luggage before traveling from Sanaa to Yemen 's southern tribal areas to marry al-Awlaki . The third and successful attempt , in September 2011 , according to Storm , involved him arranging the handoff of a USB thumb drive with a secret tracking device to an al Qaeda courier taking messages onto al-Awlaki . Storm said he felt betrayed after a CIA agent claimed to him , during a meeting that he recorded , that a different operation had netted al-Awlaki , and this was a significant factor in his decision to go public . Magnus Ranstorp , one of Scandinavia 's leading counterterrorism experts , told CNN that Storm 's decision to go public was likely a source of significant embarrassment to his handlers . "  It is so rare that two services completely mishandle , misjudge him , and he is able to come to meetings and he has a phone and he is able to record them , " Ranstorp , the research director at the Swedish National Defence Academy , told CNN . "  It also exposes the very secret , the very essence of intelligence services and that is means and methods , they never discuss means and methods , " Ranstorp told CNN . Al-Awlaki 's Croatian bride 's ` identity revealed ' The Croatian newspaper Vecernji List , in articles published Wednesday and Thursday , claimed it had unveiled the true identity of the Aminah , the Croatian women Storm arranged for al-Awlaki to marry in the hope she would lead the CIA to his location . The Danish agent , the Croatian blonde and the CIA plot to get al-Awlaki The newspaper identified Aminah as Irena Horak , 35 , who had previously worked in a care home in Zagreb and had converted to Islam in 2008 , and it posted several pictures of her . The paper reported -- according to close friends -- Horak , a cheery athletic blonde from a small town in central Croatia converted to Islam after falling in love with a Muslim lawyer from London she met at a wedding in summer 2008 . Horak had been brought up Catholic . The two started a long-distance relationship , but after throwing herself into her new religion , Horak came to feel her boyfriend was not sufficiently devout because he drank alcohol and failed to wake up for morning prayers . That resulted in her leaving him , according to the newspaper . "  She changed her life habits completely and way of dressing , " and spent all her time in the mosque one friend told the newspaper . "  She was looking for someone more radical and found him in al-Awlaki , " the newspaper reported . Family and friends of Horak told Vecernji List they had been shocked by the news that she had traveled to Yemen to marry al-Awlaki . She had told them she was going overseas for language study . Storm told Jyllands-Posten he first came into contact with Aminah , the Croatian convert , in late 2009 through Facebook , and that she soon warmed to the idea of marrying al-Awlaki . At a meeting in Vienna in spring 2010 , Storm showed Aminah a short video recording made by al-Awlaki , who was dressed in white robes in front of a pink background with a floral motif . "  This recording is done specifically for Sister Aminah at her request ... I pray Allah guides to that which is best for you in this life and in the hereafter . And guides you to choose what is better for you regarding this proposal , " al-Awlaki said , in a section posted on the Jyllands-Posten website . Storm said Aminah burst into tears when she heard these words . She then recorded two short videos for al-Awlaki . In the first video , she wore a full black veil with just her face visible . Speaking in heavily accented English , she said : "  I will accept everything that is needed to do now this way that I have chosen and Inshallah Allah will help us . " In the second video , Aminah took off her veil and said : "  Brother , it 's me without the scarf , so you can see my hair ... I hope you are happy with me , Inshallah , " according to Jyllands-Posten . "  When I watched these tapes of video marriage proposals between her and the al Qaeda leader , and this woman 's answers , I thought well this story is impossible to deny , " Collignon , the editor of Jyllands-Posten , told CNN . The Vecernji List report appears to further buttress Storm 's account . Aminah and al-Awlaki married shortly after Aminah arrived in Yemen in June 2010 . Al-Awlaki sent Storm a message thanking him for arranging the marriage . She had not only lived up to expectations , al-Awlaki wrote in a message seen by Jyllands-Posten , but was " ... . much better ! " After al-Awlaki 's death in September 2011 , Aminah continued to communicate with Storm through encrypted messages , unaware that he had been working with Western intelligence . A few months ago , she said she was working on Inspire , the online magazine of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP . She also suggested she wanted to be involved in a terrorist attack , according to Jyllands-Posten . "  I would be making a martyr operation , but Sheikh Basir  al Wuhayshi , the emir of AQAP  said that the sisters so far  can  not carry out operations because it will mean a lot of problems for them ... so I can not perform operation . ... I want to be killed the same way as my husband was ... Insha'Allah , " she wrote . Aminah 's whereabouts today are unknown . CNN has been in touch with Storm , who is in hiding after several death threats from militant Islamists who were once his comrades .	Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten has published details of Morten Storm 's story Storm says he helped track down Anwar al-Awlaki Plot involved finding the cleric a Western wife , putting a tracking device in her suitcase Storm says Danish intelligence tried to buy his silence
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A three-vehicle crash north of New York killed eight people , including four children , state police said on Sunday . One of the vehicles in the three-vehicle wreck was heading the wrong direction , police said . A fifth child is being treated for injuries suffered in the crash near Pleasantville , about 30 miles north of New York . Police initially reported no survivors . The crash happened when a minivan carrying the five children and one adult was heading the wrong way on a northbound lane of the Taconic State Parkway , police said . It crashed head-on into an SUV carrying three adults . The minivan then careened into a third vehicle before rolling over and bursting into flames , state police said . Watch investigators examine wreckage " The two adults in the third vehicle were being treated for minor injuries , police said .	Police : Four children , four adults killed in crash 30 miles north of New York Three other people , including one child , being treated for injuries Police : Wreck involved three vehicles , including one going the wrong direction
New York  CNN  -- A police officer accused of a cannibalism plot spent hours online with a man who was kicked off a fetish website because his fantasies were too dark and real , testimony Wednesday revealed . On the third day of Gilberto Valle 's federal trial , prosecutors introduced e-mails and chats between Valle and a 35-year-old Pakistani man who re-registered on the website under the name "  Throat Slitter . " Valle , 28 , is charged with conspiracy to kidnap a woman . The six-year New York Police Department veteran also is charged with accessing a federal database on at least one occasion , allegedly to get information on one of his alleged targets . Prosecutors argue Valle was "  deadly serious " about online plans to allegedly kidnap , cook and eat women . None of Valle 's alleged targets was ever victimized . Defense attorneys argue their client 's conduct was fantasy role-playing . Prosecutors : NYPD officer was ` deadly serious ' FBI agent Corey Walsh read electronic conversations that ran through most of 2012 , until Valle 's arrest in October . In them , Valle allegedly talks to his friend , a self-described butcher who used the online name "  Alisherkhan , " about bringing a 25-year-old American woman to Rawalpindi or Lahore , where Alisherkhan promises , "  I will make a good meal for you . " The Pakistani man even says he will buy special knives for the occasion and asks Valle whether he will "  participate in the slaughter process with me ? " According to Walsh , Valle says , "  I would actually love to cook a girl alive over an open fire . " Then , referring to his wife , who discovered the fetish and alerted authorities , Valle says , "  I 've had other girls I want to kill more ... " In May , Valle notifies his chat buddy he has picked out a girl , someone he has thought about for eight years . Alisherkhan prods Valle to "  send details from drugs to dismembering " but then questions Valle 's seriousness . The officer reassures him , saying he will cook the woman at 160 degrees and that "  she will absolutely suffer , " according to testimony . In later conversations , the two men allegedly talk about plans for sexually assaulting the alleged target . Prosecutors say the conversations confirm their kidnapping conspiracy . Man accused of offering money to cop During opening statements , Valle 's lawyer , Julia L. Gatto , described the conversations as "  pure fiction , " telling jurors , "  Gil is guilty of having bizarre thoughts and foolishly sharing them on an Internet with others ... There 's no crime here , just very disturbing , shocking thoughts . " Valle , in one e-mail chat to another person , wrote , "  No matter what I say , it 's make believe ... I just have a world in my mind and in that world I am kidnapping women and selling them to people interested in buying . " On cross-examination , agent Walsh acknowledged that contrary to his e-mail claims , Valle had no chloroform , ropes or large oven in which to cook his alleged targets . And while Valle had bragged of stuffing a woman in a suitcase and putting her in the back of his car , FBI agents never swabbed Valle 's vehicle for DNA , nor did they conduct any surveillance during the one-month investigation , according to testimony . Criminal database records were introduced into evidence with the names of several of Valle 's alleged targets . Defense attorneys pointed out that none of the names were listed with home or other addresses . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	NYPD officer Gilberto Valle is on trial in connection with a cannibal fantasy He is charged with conspiracy to kidnap a woman FBI agent reads e-mails , chats between Valle and Pakistani man They are graphic conversations about killing , eating victim
CNN  -- An autopsy has been completed on former Olympian and UNC track coach Antonio Pettigrew , but reports from the examination are pending and the cause of his death has not been released , the North Carolina Office of the Chief Medical Examiner said Wednesday . The body of Pettigrew , a former 400-meter world champion who returned his gold medal after he admitted doping , was found in the back seat of his car early Tuesday , according to the Chatham County , North Carolina , Sheriff 's Office . Pettigrew , 42 , was an assistant track coach at the University of North Carolina . His friends were looking for him after he failed to show up for work , authorities said . "  They attempted to retrace his route to work and shortly afterwards found him unresponsive in the back seat of his 2008 white Dodge Aspen on a bridge on U.S. 751 . " Deputies responded to the call about 3:15 a.m. "  and found he was deceased with no apparent trauma , " the statement said . "  There were indications that Pettigrew may have taken the sleep aid Unisom , but it is still unclear if this caused his death . " Pettigrew 's body was taken to a hospital , and the medical examiner ordered an autopsy , police said . The autopsy was completed Tuesday , said Sharon Artis of the medical examiner 's office . Pettigrew 's wife had also reported him missing , and deputies in Wake County had responded to the couple 's Apex , North Carolina , home , authorities said . He had last been heard from about 10:30 a.m. on Monday , the statement said . Pettigrew won gold at the 1991 world championships in Tokyo , Japan , and was a member of the American 4x400 squad that won a gold medal for a relay in the 2000 Olympics in Sydney , Australia . However , in 2008 Pettigrew admitted being part of a systematic doping program organized by former coach Trevor Graham between 1997 and 2003 . Members of the relay squad were stripped of their medals . Pettigrew was in his fourth season at UNC , where he led the university 's sprinters , hurdlers and relay teams , according to the UNC Athletics website . "  Although we are still learning the circumstances , we are deeply saddened to learn of Antonio 's death , " UNC athletic director Dick Baddour said Tuesday in a statement on the website . "  I was particularly impressed with his student-athletes and the pride he took in representing the University of North Carolina . Our deepest condolences go out to Antonio 's family , particularly his wife and son . "	NEW : Autopsy is complete , but final reports are still pending Antonio Pettigrew won gold at the 2000 Sydney Olympics He later admitted doping , and the relay team returned its medals
CNN  Harrison Ford will reprise his role as Rick Deckard in the "  Blade Runner " sequel . "  Prisoners " director Denis Villeneuve is in talks to helm the Alcon Entertainment film . The film is scheduled to start principle photography in the summer of 2016 . Hampton Fancher , who co-wrote the original , and Michael Green have written the screenplay , which is based on an idea from Fancher and Ridley Scott . The story takes place several decades after the conclusion of the 1982 original , which centered on a man  Ford  working as a blade runner who was tasked with chasing down machines called replicants . Alcon Entertainment acquired the rights to "  Blade Runner " in 2011 with the intention of making both prequels and sequels to the iconic science-fiction thriller . Bud Yorkin will serve as a producer on the sequel along with Alcon co-founders Andrew A. Kosove and Broderick Johnson . Frank Giustra and Tim Gamble , CEOs of Thunderbird Films , will serve as executive producers . Villeneuve most recently directed the crime thriller Sicario , staring Emily Blunt , Josh Brolin and Benicio Del Toro . He also directed Canada 's Oscar-nominated French-language film "  Incendies " and "  Prisoners , " staring Hugh Jackman and Jake Gyllenhaal . Ford next will be seen in Lionsgate 's "  The Age of Adaline " and will reprise his role as Han Solo in "  Disney 's Star Wars : The Force Awakens . " He 's repped by UTA . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Harrison Ford will reprise his role Filming is scheduled to start in 2016 Ford next will be seen in "  The Age of Adaline "
CNN  -- Mitch Winehouse told CNN 's Piers Morgan that he was in New York visiting his cousin 's twin babies when he heard the news of his daughter 's passing . The singer 's father is a guest on Tuesday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " Amy Winehouse , 27 , was found dead at her apartment on July 23 . "  I was holding one of the babies , " Winehouse said . "  And my cousin is English , and he phoned his dad to say that I was there , and I spoke to my uncle . And he said to me , ` How 's Amy ? ' And I said , ` She 's doing great . ' And as I was talking with him , my mobile rang . I picked up the phone , and it was Amy 's security guard , and he was crying , and he told me that she 'd passed away . " He then recounted the events of the last night of Amy Winehouse 's life . "  She 'd had a good day , as most of her days were good days , " Winehouse said . "  Her mum , Janis , and Richard , Janis ' boyfriend , went to see her earlier in the day , and she was in good spirits . " Winehouse went on to explain that Amy was singing and playing the drums in her room until about 1 a.m. . The chart-topping five-time Grammy winner was in her London home at the time . Her security guard suggested that she stop playing because the neighbors might complain . "  She says , ` Yes , no problem , ' " Winehouse said . "  And she stopped playing the drum , and he heard her walking around for another half an hour or so , and he thought she 'd gone to sleep . He checked on her at about 3 in the morning , and she seemed to be asleep . " The guard checked on Amy again around 8 a.m. "  He saw that there was a problem , and they called the paramedics , and that was it , " said Winehouse , who heard the news at 11 a.m. New York time . Morgan asked Winehouse to recall his immediate reaction . "  I had incredible clarity , " he said . "  And I was n't crying , I was n't screaming . In fact , I was holding one of the babies , and I gave the baby to my cousin , and I was comforting the security guard , who -- he blamed himself . There was nothing to blame himself for . And I was comforting him , and I was comforting my cousin , I was comforting my uncle . And I was obviously in shock . " Was a part of Winehouse expecting that he 'd one day get that dreaded call , given his daughter 's drug - and alcohol-fueled past ? "  No , not at all , " he said . "  Had this had happened three or four years previously , to be honest with you , I 'd have held my hands up and I would 've said , ` Fair enough . ' " Winehouse said that his daughter had n't used drugs for the past three years . Alcohol , however , was a different issue . "  Unfortunately , the alcohol , as you may be aware , one addiction can follow another , and this is what happened with Amy . " Winehouse also said that his daughter took on another addiction , albeit a positive one -- fitness . "  She was exercising every day , " he said . "  She was so fit , incredibly fit . She had a gym at home , and she was exercising for three or four hours a day , if not more . " Winehouse tries not to harbor too much regret or guilt . "  As a family , " he said , "  we really could n't have done any more to support her and love her and nurture her in the way that we do with every other member of our family . " Winehouse also told Morgan that he and his family are "  firm believers in life after death , and she 's right here with us all the time . " Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Mitch Winehouse was visiting relatives in New York City when he heard Amy had died He says his daughter had been drug free for three years Winehouse on family : "  We really could n't have done any more to support her and love her "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Former Cuban President Fidel Castro published a thinly-veiled complaint Tuesday that he is not being kept up to date on happenings in Cuba . In a short note signed by Castro , 87 , on the front page of the Cuban communist party daily Granma , Castro lamented that he was tardy in paying his respects at the passing of Eugenio George , the longtime coach of Cuba 's female volleyball team . George , 81 , died Saturday and was buried the next day , according to Castro 's note . "  Many comrades noticed the absence of a floral arrangement from us , " Castro wrote . "  I always admired him but did not know of his passing until some hours later . " During his 47 years in power , Castro was famous for his marathon speeches and micromanagement of Cuba 's economy and international affairs . But following a still-undisclosed intestinal illness in 2006 , Castro was forced to step down , eventually being replaced by his brother Raul as President in 2008 . Absent from public view for months at a time , Castro briefly returned to the spotlight in 2012 when he began to publish short "  reflections " columns in the Cuban state press . But Castro stopped publishing the columns , which detailed varied topics such as the former leader 's interest in yoga and medicinal plants , after he said he no longer had time to write . Castro is still referred to as "  the historic leader " of the Cuban revolution by the island 's state-run press and government officials say he is consulted before major decisions are taken . But in May , Bolivian President Evo Morales , a close ally to Cuba , told the Spanish language edition of the magazine Vanity Fair that Castro "  is n't aware of what 's going on any more . "	Fidel Castro writes that he was tardy in paying respects after the death of a well-known coach "  Comrades noticed the absence of a floral arrangement from us , " writes the former leader Castro adds , "  I always admired him but did not know of his passing until some hours later "
CNN  -- Police in San Mateo , California , said Monday that "  a potentially very drastic event " at a high school was averted when school personnel subdued a former student who walked into the school armed with pipe bombs , a chainsaw and a 2-foot-long sword . At least 1,200 students and faculty were evacuated from the northern California school . "  It had the potential to be a catastrophic incident , " said police Lt. Mike Brunicardi , describing the incident in which two pipe bombs exploded and at least 1,200 students and faculty were evacuated from the Northern California school . No one was injured in the incident , police said . Brunicardi said a 17-year-old former student wearing a nylon vest packed with 10 homemade pipe bombs entered Hillsdale High School in San Mateo about 8 a.m. Monday . He detonated two devices , with smoke setting off the school 's fire-alarm system , before two teachers confronted him . "  The suspect was quickly wrestled down by a teacher who , with the help of the principal and another teacher , were able to hold him down until police arrived minutes later , " Brunicardi said . The suspect 's intentions were not clear , police said . "  He 's being interviewed right now , but we do n't have his specific motives at this time , " Brunicardi said , adding that while the explosive power of the pipe bombs was not immediately known , the teachers who subdued the suspect put themselves in jeopardy . "  We are relieved that no one was injured and it 's fortunate that we were able to apprehend the student before he hurt himself or anyone else , " said San Mateo School District Associate Superintendent Kirk Black said . Authorities said the suspect , whose name was not immediately released , had been a student at the school in 2008 . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Police : Former student had pipe bombs , a chainsaw and a 2-foot-long sword "  It had the potential to be a catastrophic incident , " official says After he sets off two devices , school personnel wrestle the student to the ground Police in San Mateo , California , say they do not know suspect 's motive
The 50-foot Christmas tree decorating downtown Reading , Pennsylvania , was supposed to spread holiday cheer , but instead it made some residents unhappy . "  It looks sad , " City Council President Francis Acosta told CNN affiliate WFMZ last week . "  Everybody 's calling it a Charlie Brown tree . " A group called Christmas for Downtown Reading raised $ 1,000 from business and community donations toward purchasing a replacement tree , but a last minute change of heart means the original tree that was denigrated far and wide on the Web will stay in place . Acosta had earlier vowed to replace the tree that observers called "  pathetic , " "  ugly " and an "  embarrassment . " The puny Norwood spruce had already lost many of its branches , even though it 's not yet December , and it was sparsely decorated with a simple string of lights . "  If there was a squirrel looking for a place to live in the winter , it would n't even go into the tree , " remarked one passerby . City workers arrived Monday to remove the lights and prepare the old tree for transport to City Park to make room for a newer , better tree . But Acosta granted the tree a last-minute reprieve , according to WFMZ , saying he now wants to leave the tree that has gained so much notoriety in place as a draw for visitors to the downtown area . "  We will keep this thing here and we will call it the ` ugly tree ' that everyone and national television is calling it , and we 're going to see it as an opportunity to bring people to downtown Reading , " said Acosta . He told WFMZ that letting the old tree stay put would free up municipal workers to prepare the city for a coming snowstorm . Acosta is soliciting more donations to help decorate the tree better . The new tree is still being delivered and will be on display elsewhere in the city , say officials . The debate over whether to replace the tree is annoying some residents even more than the "  ugly " tree did . "  It 's frustrating that they ca n't make a decision on their own and go with it , " Reading resident Zachary Lee told the local news station . "  We ca n't afford to just be sending these -LSB- public works -RSB- guys here . There 's a lot of other stuff these guys need to be doing , and we want to complain about this tree when there 's other parts of the city that are nowhere near as pretty as this tree , that people do n't find any beauty in . "	UPDATE : Reading , Pennsylvania , will keep the Christmas tree some called "  ugly " downtown The "  Charlie Brown " Christmas tree originally did n't live up to a Pennsylvania city 's standards City Council President Francis Acosta helped raise money to replace the tree "  The city deserves having a beautiful , good-spirit Christmas , and we 're gon na offer that "
Tribune Media Services  -- When Eileen Mather lands in Mexico City on her way to Tapachula , Mexico , she learns her airline ticket is n't valid . Her airline forces her to buy a new one . Mather asks her online agency , Cheapoair.com , for a refund , but more than six months later , she 's still out $ 879 . Is she also out of options ? Q : I need your help getting my money back for a plane ticket I had to pay for twice . Here 's my story : I bought tickets online through Cheapoair.com from Philadelphia to Tapachula , Mexico . When we arrived in Mexico City , Aviacsa Airlines representatives told us that Cheapoair had n't paid for the last leg of our trip . So I had to buy new tickets . Two members of our group also had to pay again . After I returned home , I faxed all of my documents to a supervisor at Cheapoair . That was six months ago . I 've called her repeatedly and left messages , but no one has contacted me , and I 'm out $ 879 . Is there anything you can do ? -- Eileen Mather , Glenside , Pennsylvania A : You should n't have to pay twice for your airline tickets . But you also should n't be too quick to blame Cheapoair for the mix-up . A lot can go wrong when you 're dealing with a flight schedule that involves multiple carriers . Reservations can be lost , paper tickets and boarding passes can be misread . And , of course , there 's the language issue . When you 're traveling internationally , something can easily get lost in the translation . Cheapoair may -- or may not -- have been responsible for your non-working tickets . But as your online travel agent , it was responsible for helping you fix it . That 's why you buy from an intermediary and pay a booking fee : so there 's someone to turn to when something goes wrong . The online agency should n't have kept you in a holding pattern for more than six months . Cheapoair 's "  Golden Guarantee " promises "  to provide all our customers with 24/7 toll-free number support because we understand the importance of critical last-minute client/traveler needs and requirements for changes to trips . " I guess offering a toll-free number around the clock does n't necessarily mean your questions will be answered quickly , but you ca n't blame me if I 'm left with that impression . You could have avoided a lengthy dance with Cheapoair by taking this up with Aviacsa either when you were flying to Tapachula or returning home . If you had arrived at the airport a half-hour earlier , you might have been able to speak with a supervisor and straightened this out . Once you were home , and were running into a brick wall with Cheapoair 's supervisor , I would have tried knocking on the front door again . Normally , starting a new query through an online form means your complaint will get reviewed again and may be assigned a new case number . A phone call does n't work the same way . After you hang up , your case is basically closed . I contacted Cheapoair on your behalf . It apologized for the delay and said it contacted Aviasca , but could n't determine why your ticket was n't accepted . An airline representative told Cheapoair it would have to speak to the agent who was working at the ticket counter when you checked in , which was impossible . Cheapoair refunded the $ 879 you spent on your second ticket . Christopher Elliott is the ombudsman for National Geographic Traveler magazine . E-mail him at celliott@ngs.org . Copyright 2009 CHRISTOPHER ELLIOTT , DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES , INC. .	Customer booked an international flight through Cheapoair.com Ticket for one leg of her flight was not accepted , and she had to buy a new one The online agency did not know why her ticket was rejected Troubleshooter contacted Cheapoair , and it refunded the customer 's money
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Microsoft on Wednesday announced plans to redefine television as a medium that viewers can control by waving their hands and talking rather than clicking on remotes . In a speech to open the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , company CEO Steve Ballmer also said he aims to make TV more social -- letting viewers chat with each other as avatars in virtual settings and place live bets on sporting events from the TV screen . Perhaps it 's time to say goodbye to the old-fashioned couch potato . At the center of this new vision for the living room is the Xbox 360 , Microsoft 's internet-connected gaming system that , thanks to an add-on called Kinect , can read and interpret players ' motions . "  Your Xbox is becoming the hub of your living room , " he said . "  It is your gaming system . It is your movies . It is your TV experience . " Ballmer announced an update to that system that lets Kinect 's cameras read facial expressions and mouth movements in addition to what their arms and legs are doing . Called "  Avatar Kinect , " this new feature , which is due out in the spring , will allow friends to meet up as avatars -- or video-game likenesses of themselves -- in virtual settings . A demo of this feature showed avatars chatting at a virtual-world tailgate while sitting in digital , plaid lawn chairs . In another demo , female avatars got together on a neon set , as if they were collaborating on an online talk show . Kinect 's cameras watch the friends from the top of their TVs and translates their facial expressions into the digital hangout . "  As you can see now Kinect can track features like your smile , your laugh and even the raise of your eyebrows , " Ballmer said , offering a demo of himself as a bald avatar -- his digital eyebrows bouncing up and down . Ballmer described these virtual meet-ups as a "  new way to socialize . " But , even during his speech , some Twitter users wrote they found that idea downright creepy . "  This seems unhealthy , " one Twitter user wrote . "  Will it also track Eye Winks ? or false eyelashes ? What about coloured contact lens ? " wrote another . Others wrote that they 're fine with non-Microsoft devices controlling their living room electronics experience . "  Sorry Ballmer , my PS3 is the hub of my living room , " one @cnntech Twitter follower wrote , referencing the Sony gaming system . The Avatar Kinect feature is available only to people who pay a subscription fee for an Xbox Live membership , which costs about $ 60 per year . Even without the avatars , TV is getting more social as it brings elements of the internet into the living room , Ballmer said . Microsoft announced a partnership with ESPN , for instance , that lets people watch the BCS college football championship game over Xbox Live . Viewers can chat with friends on the TV screen during the game and place non-monetary bets about who they think will win . They can see how their predictions stack up against that of their friends and the Xbox Live community at large . Football fans would be ranked according to success , allowing sports fans to "  earn their bragging rights , " said Ron Forbes , from Microsoft 's interactive entertainment division . "  Now I can make my picks and trash talk as I 'm watching the game , " he said . "  Not on e-mail , not over text -- right in my living room on the TV . " This trend of internet-enabled , or "  connected " TV is set to be a major theme of this year 's CES , where TV makers from Panasonic to Sony are announcing app stores and other features that are designed to bring social media and Web experiences to TV . Some of these companies work internet features directly into the television instead of requiring a separate gadget , as is the case with Microsoft 's Xbox . Others , like the Yap.tv app for the Apple iPad , aim to let another device provide a social experience that can supplement live TV viewing . The idea of internet TV has been tried many times before but has never gone fully mainstream . But Microsoft 's internet-TV system does do one thing other do n't -- full-body motion control . The company highlighted this point repeatedly , announcing partnerships , for instance , with Netflix and HuluPlus that let Xbox Kinect users control those video apps by waiving their hands and talking to the system to select and play movies . It 's a "  new world of controller-free entertainment that you can not find anywhere else , " Forbes said . The company said it had sold 8 million Kinect sensors in 60 days , beating its goal of selling 5 million during that timeframe . The keynote address also highlighted other Microsoft efforts , including Windows Phone 7 and the Windows PC operating system , which is in the process of being upgraded to work on a range of devices , including buzz-worthy tablet computers . Microsoft is widely criticized as being behind the curve on developing an operating system for tablets . The company promised an update to its mobile Windows Phone 7 operating system that will add copy-paste functionality and the ability to switch between apps more quickly . Those features are already available from the two hottest smartphone ecosystems : the Apple iOS and Google Android . Some bloggers and wrote that Microsoft hid its skeletons in the closet during the speech -- straying from tablets and smartphones , which are big topics with other companies . But Ballmer said Microsoft is looking to the future -- and that will include all tech platforms , not just personal computers . The company aims to "  redefine what is really possible " with technology , he said .	Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said he wants to make TV more social Kinect update lets its cameras read facial expressions and mouth movements Kinect will put facial expressions on digital avatars Some Twitter users wrote they found that idea downright creepy
Washington  CNN  -- The year 2013 started off with a fiercely emotional gun-control debate that dominated Washington for months , as both sides felt bolstered and more fervent than ever with the nation stunned by the mass shooting of first graders in Newtown , Connecticut . But that 's as far as it would go . A year after the massacre at Sandy Hook elementary , there would be no expanded background checks or other substantial legislative changes in place at the national level . There was yet another school shooting in suburban Denver on Friday , and advocates are still fighting for tougher firearms laws . But attention has shifted to another common root of tragedies like Sandy Hook elementary , the 2011 attack on then-U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , and the Washington Navy Yard rampage -- a mental health system that many say desperately needs fixing . An alternative route The Senate Finance Committee approved bipartisan legislation on Thursday that would create pilot programs in 10 states to enhance access to mental health services . The Senate measure , co-authored by Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan , and Sen. Roy Blunt , R-Missouri , was one of at least three-dozen bills introduced or re-introduced in Congress this year that specifically focused on mental health issues . In the previous two years , or the previous session , about 30 bills were introduced . But none passed the House or Senate . On the other side of Capitol Hill Thursday , a Republican Congressman from Pennsylvania , Tim Murphy , became the latest lawmaker to introduce new legislation specifically tailored to mental health . Murphy , who spent three decades as a psychologist before coming to Congress , said little has been done in the past few decades to get people the help they need . "  This nation has moved forward in knowledge of what it takes to help , but has moved backwards in getting that help done , " he said this week . "  And where there is no help , there is no hope . " The White House has also been highlighting mental health in the week leading up to the December 14 Newtown anniversary . Vice President Joe Biden on Tuesday announced $ 100 million in new funding from the Obama administration to improve mental health facilities and community centers . So what changed ? On April 18 , a divided Senate rejected a measure that would expand background checks to cover purchases at gun shows and over the Internet . Of all the gun control proposals raised in Congress and at the White House , it was considered perhaps the most viable because it was the least aggressive . In the same package , however , an amendment aimed at addressing mental health was backed overwhelmingly by the Senate , 95-2 . Three senators voted present . The country was again confronted with a mass shooting in September , this time at the Washington Navy Yard . But the shooting by a lone gunman who killed 12 people hardly moved the dial in the halls of Congress just two miles from the massacre scene . At a memorial service in Washington , Obama gave some of his most forceful remarks in favor of gun control , yet the speech barely made headlines . Predictably , a few lawmakers argued the shooting marked another case for firearm restrictions . But as more information came in out about the shooter 's troubled past with mental illness , lawmakers started talking more about mental health . Sen. Kelly Ayotte , R-New Hampshire , helped introduce the Senate amendment that received strong support back in April . She said Friday in a statement to CNN that she has called on Senate leaders to bring the measure for a vote "  immediately . " "  It 's clear that this bill could pass with overwhelming bipartisan support , " she said . The legislation , which was introduced with Democratic Sens. Mark Begich of Alaska and Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut , would improve mental health training for teachers , emergency personnel , and others in the community . It would also renew suicide prevention programs . States taking charge Meanwhile , states have been taking on their own steps to boost mental health care all year . State funding for mental health hit major setbacks during the recession . Between 2009 and 2012 , states cut $ 4.35 billion from their budgets for such services , according to the National Alliance on Mental Illness . But as the economy gradually got better in 2013 , states were throwing money back into their mental health systems . Texas allocated a $ 259 million increase this year ; California added $ 143 million . South Carolina and Illinois also reversed cuts . All told , 36 states and the District of Columbia increased their mental health budgets for fiscal year 2013-2014 . Six saw a decrease in funding , while eight remained the same as the year before , according to a report issued by NAMI in late October . State legislatures also passed other laws that centered around increased mental health screening services , especially for children and adolescents , trying to identify problems before they fully manifest , the report said . Outgoing Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell this past week announced an additional $ 38.3 million for mental health in his state for the next two years . His announcement came less than a month after Democrat Creigh Deeds , his former rival in two statewide elections and a popular state senator , was stabbed repeatedly by his own son , who then shot and killed himself . One day prior , officials said Deeds ' son had essentially been turned away from a medical facility because it lacked enough psychiatric beds . Well known in the Washington and Virginia political circles , Deeds ' case seemed to resonate in the nation 's capital . When Rep. Murphy introduced his new legislation on Thursday , he alluded to the situation . "  No more being ` told there are no more beds , take your son or daughter home ' no matter how much they are at risk of hurting you or themselves , " he said . Will Obamacare make an impact ? Mental health advocates say the future also looks promising because of reforms from the Affordable Care Act . With the expansion of Medicaid -- the largest public coverage provider for mental health services -- in about half the states , an estimated 2.7 million people with mental illnesses could qualify for insurance , according to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration . Another 2.6 million with mental illness could qualify for subsidies to buy private health insurance in the marketplaces under Obamacare . Another part of the Affordable Care Act requires small group and individual health plans to cover mental health services at the same rate as general medical care , a practice that 's already been in place for larger group plans since 2008 . Some critics , however , argue that Medicaid and Medicare are limited in its scope for mental health treatment . For example , certain mental health services will only be reimbursed for those under the age of 21 and older that 65 -- missing a huge bloc of people . The bill introduced by Murphy on Thursday seeks to fight other policies that permit only one prescription drug per therapeutic class , meaning physicians ca n't prescribe all the medications they could for certain illnesses under the public programs . Breaking down barriers The past year has also seen continued efforts at reducing the stigma of mental illness . At a White House conference on mental health this summer , Biden delivered a frank and emotional plea to those fighting mental illness . "  There is nothing , nothing to be ashamed of if you are struggling with mental issues or if your child is or your spouse or your friend , " he said . "  It 's okay . It 's okay to talk about it . It 's okay to ask for help . It is okay to acknowledge that it is frightening . " The summit also featured celebrities who talked about their own experiences , and the Obama administration launched a new website -- mentalhealth.gov -- that educates readers on recognizing signs of mental illness and directing them on how to get help . Breaking down the stigma of mental illness has been a White House mission for more than a decade . In 1999 , President Bill Clinton 's administration held the first White House conference on mental health , and President George W. Bush continued the tradition . "  Mental illness is nothing to be ashamed of , " Clinton said , when he first announced the conference . "  But stigma and bias shame us all . "	Newtown massacre a year ago prompted hope among gun control advocates for action But Congress did not approve tougher measures , including expanded background checks Now , there is some movement on legislative proposals to bolster mental health services States are also acting on this issue , and gun control advocates are taking it up , too
Washington  CNN  -- Legally , President Obama can effectively fire BP and have the federal government take over efforts to stop the Gulf of Mexico oil spill . The question is whether that would help the situation . No one argues that the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 gives Obama the authority to take over all efforts to plug the well gushing 5,000 feet beneath the surface . However , officials of oil giant BP , while acknowledging their failure so far to stop the leak , say no one -- not even the U.S. government -- can match their company 's know-how and technology in such a crisis . "  I do n't think anyone else could do better than we are , " Doug Suttles , the BP chief operating officer , said Monday . "  I know that that 's frustrating to hear and our performance , to this point , I wish was better . I wish this was done . But we 're doing everything we can . And I do n't actually believe anyone could do any better , unfortunately . " Administration officials also have said they lack the technology -- such as unmanned submarines that can work at such ocean depths -- that has been deployed by BP . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , who previously threatened a government takeover of the mission , made clear Monday that BP must be involved in trying to stop the leaking oil . "  There are areas where BP and the private sector are the ones who must continue to lead the efforts with government oversight , such as a deployment of private sector technology 5,000 feet below the ocean surface to kill the well , " Salazar said Monday . "  BP and the private sector , with the help of federal scientists , are the ones who must get that problem solved and we have the oversight capacity in the administration to make sure that they are doing that . " In addition , the administration 's point man on the spill response , Coast Guard Commandant Thad Allen , said Monday that BP 's strategies were endorsed by other top oil company executives and he would advise against any shift from BP 's continued involvement . "  They have the means of production , " Allen said at a White House news conference . "  They have the logistics in place . They have the ROVs -LSB- remotely operated vehicles -RSB- that are down there . We are jointly operating in their command post out of Houston -LSB- Texas -RSB- . Everybody that has a stake in the fight is there . And I am satisfied with the coordination that 's going on . " While the military has some deep-sea capability , such as deep-sea submersibles , a senior Pentagon official said the military has no unique technology to offer regarding offshore oil drilling . The military has undersea imagery technology , but military officials said it would not add any capability to what the private industry is already using . Fadel Gheit , managing director for oil and gas research at the Oppenheimer & Co. investment bank and firm , said the government has the authority , "  but we do n't have the technology or ability to do it . " "  The government is not in the oil business , " Gheit said , adding that BP is the industry leader , and "  if they can not do it , nobody else can . Period . " Salazar said Sunday that the federal role in stopping the leak is overseeing BP 's efforts rather than taking over . At the same time , he said the government could exert its full authority with regard to dealing with the spilled oil once the leak is stopped . "  With respect to the rest of the responses , including keeping the oil from coming near shore and onshore and dealing with those ecological values , BP , again , is the responsible party and is on the hook for doing everything that needs to happen , " Salazar said Sunday . "  If we find that they 're not doing what they 're supposed to be doing , we 'll push them out of the way appropriately and we 'll move forward to make sure that everything is being done to protect the people of the Gulf Coast , the ecological values of the Gulf Coast , and the values of the American people . " Since the April 20 explosion and fire destroyed the Deepwater Horizon offshore rig , setting off the deep-sea gusher , oil giant BP has led the effort to stop the leak . Several failed efforts in the ensuing month have raised frustration across the nation as the spilled oil spreads , coating some Louisiana coastlines and threatening areas to the Florida Keys and perhaps beyond . Obama is coming under increasing criticism for the inability to stop it , causing his chief spokesman to mount an impassioned defense of administration efforts . "  First and foremost , we are trying to do everything , as I 've said , humanly and technologically possible , first to plug this leak and , secondly , to deal with what has spilled , " Gibbs told reporters Monday . Even Obama 's critics seem to recognize there are limits to what the government can accomplish . "  They can fire BP and take it over , " Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee said Sunday on the CBS program "  Face the Nation . " "  But the truth is , the federal government probably does n't have the capacity to do that . " Marcia McNutt , the U.S. Geological Survey director who is assisting in the Gulf oil spill response , said Sunday that initial unrealistic expectations about the possibility of stopping the leak may be heightening the frustration now . "  I think everyone has to understand that the kinds of operations they are doing in the deep sea have never been done before , " McNutt said . "  And I think it is too bad that expectations were probably raised on schedules that probably were impossible to meet in terms of the kinds of construction that was required in the deep sea to effect these operations ; that involved mobilizing equipment , fabricating new devices that had never been deployed at these depths before . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Oil Pollution Act of 1990 gives president authority to take over efforts to stop oil gusher BP officials insist that no one could match the company 's know-how and technology Oppenheimer analyst : If BP "  can not do it , nobody else can . Period " Initial expectations were unrealistic , USGS director says
CNN  -- Barcelona failed to keep pace in the La Liga title race with record breaking Real Madrid Saturday after being held goalless at Getafe . With the pressure on after Real 's 4-1 win at Almeria , its 20th straight , Barca just could not find the way past the home defense . It trails its arch-rival by four points with Real headed to Morocco Sunday to play in FIFA 's Club World Cup . "  The draw is n't a great result , " Barcelona captain Xavi Hernandez told AFP . "  There 's still a long way to go in the league , but admittedly it 's a step backwards , " he added . The Catalan giant was missing Brazilian star Neymar through an ankle injury but otherwise fielded a strong side in the Coliseum Alfonso Perez Luis Suarez -- still searching for his first La Liga goal for his new club -- went close in the first half after turning an effort just wide , while both sides had penalty appeals for handball turned down . Lionel Messi almost broke the deadlock after the break but saw a free kick rattle the crossbar and he also headed over from a good position . It was a rare failure to register on the score sheet for Messi , all the more galling after his scoring rival Cristiano Ronaldo scored a late double in Real 's victory the previous evening . Ronaldo had been a largely peripheral figure for 80 minutes until adding two fine late strikes to earlier goals from Isco and Gareth Bale for the European champions . It took his tally in La Liga to 25 for the season . Garcia Rabasco had given Almeria hope with a thumping strike to level Isco 's opener and Real also had Iker Casillas to thank for saving a second half penalty to keep his side in front . Chelsea continues to set a hot pace in the English Premier League , bouncing back after a 2-1 defeat to Newcastle last weekend to beat 10-man Hull 2-0 at Stamford Bridge Saturday . Eden Hazard put Jose Mourinho 's men ahead early , but the home side was helped by the controversial dismissal of Hull 's Tom Huddlestone 's for a challenge on Filipe Luis on the hour mark . Diego Costa wrapped up the three points with his 12th of the season soon afterwards . It left Chelsea three points clear of reigning champion Manchester City , who continued its fine recent form with a 1-0 victory at bottom side Leicester City . Former Chelsea star Frank Lampard scored the winning goal for City , his 175th in the EPL , in the first half . But the visitors lost Edin Dzeko and Vincent Kompany to worrying injuries ahead of the busy Christmas program in England . Third-placed Manchester United is now eight points behind its city rival ahead of a crunch home match against Liverpool Sunday . Bayern Munich 's march to yet another Bundesliga title continues unchecked , thrashing Augsburg 4-0 . It left Bayern 10 points clear of Wolfsburg , the second-placed side playing Paderborn Sunday in an attempt to close the gap . After a goalless first-half , visitors Bayern dominated after the break as Dutch ace Arjen Robben netted twice while Medhi Benatia and Robert Lewandowski were also on target . Meanwhile , Bayern 's traditional rival Borussia Dortmund slipped back into the relegation zone with a 1-0 defeat at fellow struggler Hertha Berlin . Former Dortmund player Julian Schieber scored the only goal of the match against his old club , who slip to 16th with only four wins from 15 Bundesliga games this season .	Barcelona held to 0-0 draw at Getafe Loses ground to Real Madrid in La Liga title race Chelsea beats Hull to stay top of English Premier League Bayern Munich 10 points clear in Bundesliga
New York  CNN  -- A New York man dubbed the "  subway vigilante " after he shot four youths in 1984 was released from jail Saturday on a charge of selling marijuana to an undercover officer . Bernhard Goetz , 65 , was ordered freed on his own recognizance at an arraignment in Criminal Court , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said . His next court date is December 18 , the district attorney 's office said . National attention followed 1984 shooting Goetz was the subject of national attention when he shot four black teenagers on December 22 , 1984 , aboard a Manhattan subway car . The four said they were panhandling and asked Goetz for $ 5 to play video games . Goetz said he believed he was being robbed . Goetz , who is white , was acquitted of murder and assault charges in the shooting but was convicted of illegal possession of a weapon . He served less than nine months behind bars . The incident took place at a time when race relations were strained and crime levels were high in New York City . Arrest followed drug sting Goetz was arrested Friday about a block away from his home in the West Village neighborhood of Manhattan , according to police . He is accused of meeting an undercover officer at Union Square Park and agreeing to sell her marijuana , Sgt. Carlos Nieves told CNN . Nieves said Goetz went to his apartment to pick up the drug and then sold it to the officer for $ 30 . Members of the Manhattan South Narcotics Division swooped in to arrest Goetz , police told CNN . Goetz is charged with criminal possession , criminal sale and unlawful possession of marijuana , Nieves told CNN . Goetz 's victim dies on anniversary of shooting CNN 's David Simpson contributed to this report .	Bernhard Goetz ordered freed on his own recognizance Police say Goetz sold marijuana to an undercover officer He was acquitted of attempted murder in the 1984 shooting of four black youths Goetz served less than nine months for weapon possession in 1984 shooting
CNN  -- The mayor of Nogales , Arizona , was arrested Tuesday on charges he took bribes to protect contracts or obtain business contracts with the city , the state attorney general said . Octavio Garcia-Von Borstel , 29 , of Nogales , was arrested at his office at city hall , according to the Arizona attorney general 's office , which announced the arrest and an indictment on state charges . Search warrants were executed at the mayor 's home , business and city hall office . The mayor is also accused of money laundering , conflict of interest , illegally conducting an enterprise and fraud . The mayor 's father , Octavio Garcia Suarez , 59 , of Nogales , also was indicted and arrested . He faces several charges that include fraud , theft and money laundering , the attorney general 's statement indicated . "  Both the mayor and his father will be held accountable and prosecuted to the full extent of the law . " Attorney General Terry Goddard said . A spokeswoman for the city said Garcia-Von Borstel , who has been in office since April 2008 , was taken into custody around 9:30 a.m. Santa Cruz County Justice Court Judge Mary Helen Maley set bond at $ 250,000 , a clerk said later Tuesday . The mayor 's next hearing was scheduled for October 4 . The Federal Bureau of Investigation 's Southern Arizona Corruption Task Force assisted in the investigation in the border city . FBI spokesman Special Agent Manuel Johnson in Phoenix would not elaborate on the case . According to the statement , FBI agents began investigating Garcia-Von Borstel five months ago and determined that he was soliciting Nogales businesses to hire him as a business consultant as early as February 2009 . At least one business admitted to the FBI that it was paying the mayor to use his official position to obtain business contracts and , specifically , to obtain new city of Nogales contracts , the attorney general stated . Further investigation determined the mayor also received money from at least one business in exchange for utilizing his official position to protect a contract the business owner had with the city and to assist the business owner in obtaining an additional city contract , added Goddard , who is running for governor . The indictment cites $ 4,000 and $ 2,000 payments , without providing details . The mayor 's father , Garcia Suarez , was an agent for Western Union authorized to sell Western Union money orders from his money transmitter business , ACE Cash Express , in Nogales , officials said . The state alleges that Garcia Suarez fraudulently reported that Western Union money orders worth $ 3.2 million were sold , although there were no cash deposits to back them up . The money orders were then cashed by Garcia-Von Borstel and deposited into a bank account he controlled , the statement said . Of the $ 3.2 million , the father and son withdrew $ 565,000 for their personal use before the account was frozen , it said . A phone message and e-mail to the mayor were not immediately returned . CNN 's Phil Gast and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge sets bond at $ 250,000 Mayor of Arizona city indicted on fraud , money laundering charges Search warrants executed at mayor 's home , office , business Charges allege mayor took money to obtain contracts
Washington  CNN  -- Remember the little box you can check off on your federal tax return to donate three dollars to pay for presidential campaigns ? House Republicans voted that in this era of e-mailing or texting campaign contributions , it 's time to get rid of the federal program , and remove taxpayer money from presidential elections and political conventions . The House of Representatives on Thursday passed a bill that eliminates the "  Presidential Election Campaign Fund " and uses the over $ 600 million it 's collected since the end of 2010 to pay for other programs . However , a similar bill in the Senate appears to be stalled . The White House has said it opposes the measure , but has not yet threatened a veto . The House passed a similar bill in January , but this new legislation pushed by Republicans also eliminates the Election Assistance Commission  EAC  , an independent agency created after the 2000 presidential recount in Florida to help states meet minimum federal standards for voting equipment and administering elections . Rep. Tom Cole , R-Oklahoma , sponsored both bills , and argues that public financing in presidential races is no longer necessary . "  Everybody is about one viral video away from becoming world famous around here . It 's not hard to raise money . The Internet has totally revolutionized this . The American people have moved on , " Cole told CNN . Since the Presidential Election Campaign fund was created in 1976 , the Internal Revenue Service reported that about 30 % of taxpayers participated in 1980 -- the highest rate on record -- but in 2010 less than 7 % of taxpayers checked off the box on their tax forms to direct money to the program . When the program was created , it originally directed $ 1 from the Treasury to the fund for those who wanted to participate , but the amount was upped to $ 3 in 1994 . Taxpayers who participate do not increase their tax liability . Candidates who apply for public financing must adhere to overall spending limits . Those running for their party 's nomination can apply for partial federal matching funds by raising at least $ 5,000 in 20 states . According to the FEC , every campaign since 1976 has included at least partial public financing . But in the 2008 presidential campaign , both of the major political party candidates -- then-Sen . Barack Obama and Sen. John McCain -- opted out of the public financing system in the primary , and Obama decided against participating in it for the general election because he did n't want to be limited to the cap on campaign spending . Cole criticized Obama for trying to have it both ways -- he did n't want to operate within the public financing system himself , but has n't joined any efforts to eliminate it at a time when the money saved could be used for other priorities . But Democrats say the fund and the Election Assistance Commission were put in place after two public controversies : Public financing was created after the Watergate scandal and the EAC was set up after the 2000 Florida recount . They worry that eliminating them would erode public confidence about private money having too much influence in campaigns . Rep. Robert Brady , D-Pennsylvania , said the taxpayer funding is entirely voluntary , but that ending it now and closing down the EAC sends the wrong signal . "  When we give the impression that our policy choices will be influenced by campaign donations , we sell out the American people . When we try to deprive citizens of information about their rights and responsibilities as voters , we erode trust in our system . It is tantamount to legal corruption and has no place in our democratic system , " Brady argued in testimony this week before the House Rules Committee . The presidential election fund also helps pay for both parties political conventions . According to the Federal Election Commission the Democratic and Republican conventions planners have already received more than $ 18 million to plan their conventions in Charlotte , North Carolina , and Tampa , Florida , scheduled for the end of this summer . Cole , who before serving in Congress was a top aide at the Republican National Committee , said both parties will spend more than $ 100 million on their conventions , but they do n't need to rely on federal help anymore because they can raise the money from private sources . "  The president talks a lot about shared sacrifice . He should call up Debbie Wasserman Schultz -LSB- chair of the DNC -RSB- , my good friend and colleague , and say you should give back that $ 17 million and then the Republicans I bet would feel they have to give it back , " Cole said . As for getting rid of the EAC , supporters of the bill argue that there once was a need for the agency to help states upgrade and meet standards after the 2000 election , but states stopped asking for federal guidance . But Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer says doing away with the Election Assistance Commission only a year before a presidential election could lead to lower voter turnout . "  The Commission 's primary mission is to provide states with the resources they need to ensure everyone eligible to vote can cast their ballots and have their voices heard . We ought to be making it easier for voters , not eroding our ability to protect them and their right to participate , " Hoyer told CNN .	Currently , taxpayers can direct $ 3 to support presidential elections and conventions That option may disappear if a bill passes the Senate Fewer than 7 % of taxpayers took advantage of it in 2010 The $ 600 million collected so far would be redirected to other programs
CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi called President Bush "  a total failure " on Thursday , among the California Democrat 's harshest assessments to date of the president . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says "  I disapprove of Congress ' performance in terms of ending the war . " "  God bless him , bless his heart , president of the United States -- a total failure , losing all credibility with the American people on the economy , on the war , on energy , you name the subject , " Pelosi told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in an exclusive interview . The comments came two days after the president sharply criticized Congress over what he described as relative inaction over the course of the legislative term . At the White House on Wednesday , Bush noted that there were only 26 legislative days left in the fiscal year and said Congress would need to pass a spending bill every other day to "  get their fundamental job done . " "  This is not a record to be proud of , and I think the American people deserve better , " Bush said . Watch Pelosi respond to criticism of Congress from the president " In the interview , Pelosi said the president was in no position to criticize Congress and brushed aside the criticisms as "  something to talk about because he has no ideas . " "  For him to be challenging Congress when we are trying to sweep up after his mess over and over and over again -- at the end of the day , Congress will have passed its responsibility to pass legislation , " she said . iReport.com : Why is n't impeachment on the table ? But Pelosi 's comments come as a new Gallup poll registers the lowest level of congressional approval among Americans in the polling organization 's 30-year history of conducting that survey . That poll showed that its approval rating had reached an anemic 14 percent , while more than 70 percent of those polled said they disapproved of the job Congress is doing . The House speaker said she does n't consider those numbers a negative referendum on the Democrats in charge , saying she thinks they stem largely from Congress ' failure to end the war in Iraq . "  Everything I see says this is about ending the war -- ' I disapprove of Congress ' performance in terms of ending the war , ' " she said . "  In the House , we , of course , have over and over , five or six times , sent to the Senate legislation for a time certain to reduce our deployment in Iraq and bring our troops home safely , honorably and soon . We have n't been able to get it past the Senate or the president of the United States . iReport.com : Why have n't Democrats done more ? "  So , on the basis of that , count me among the 70-some percent , " she continued . "  But that is one measure . The other measure that I 'm more interested in is the one that talks about what is their view of Democrats . And the generic , who do you prefer to run the country on all of these issues ? We 're in double digits in any poll that you can take . " Republican National Committee spokesman Alex Conant derided Pelosi 's comments as "  the sort of partisan politics that Democrats once decried and promised to change . " "  Rather than personally critique others , Speaker Pelosi should reconsider her own out-of-touch stance against oil exploration , " he said . "  With Americans paying record prices at the pump and Congress in gridlock , this is no time for the speaker to only offer personal attacks . " In the wide-ranging interview , the entirety of which will air Sunday on CNN 's "  Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer , " Pelosi also reiterated her longtime opposition to lifting a congressional ban on offshore drilling as well as opening up areas such as the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska for oil exploration . Bush and congressional Republicans have pushed for those two policy changes . Pelosi has long opposed drilling offshore , a popular policy position among Californians , many of whom fear its environmental consequences along the state 's coastline . But a recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that more than 73 percent of Americans polled approved of lifting the 1981 ban , and the move holds support among many in Pelosi 's own party , whose constituents are growing increasingly angry over rising gas prices . Pelosi said the oil industry is not aggressively exploring large amounts of federal areas already leased to them and approved for drilling , including 33 million offshore acres and 68 million acres in the lower 48 states . She has sponsored legislation calling on oil companies to increase their production in those areas before they are allowed to go into the offshore areas currently banned . "  Thirty-three million acres offshore are allowed for leasing , " she said . "  And we 're saying to them , use it or lose it . You have the opportunity to drill there . When you have exhausted those remedies , then you can talk about something else . " She 's also calling on the president to release 10 percent of the more than 700 million barrels of oil housed in the country 's Strategic Petroleum Reserve . Bush said Tuesday that he is against any release from the reserve , saying that stash is for emergencies only . He also disputed that it would have any effect on lowering gas prices . "  What we are saying is , Mr. President , free our oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve , " Pelosi said . "  We 're saying , let 's take 10 percent of that , which has been paid for by the American taxpayer , and use that to put on the market so that we increase supply , reduce price . " "  And when the price comes down , we can buy back the oil at a lower price , put it in the SPR , use the spread for renewable energy resources . " The House speaker has faced heavy criticism from House Republican leader John Boehner , who is leading a congressional delegation to ANWR this weekend and has said Pelosi 's action does not adequately address the problem . He 's also said Pelosi is leading the moderate faction of her party "  off a cliff " by refusing to allow a vote in the House on offshore drilling . "  Just because John Boehner , who is my friend , has my respect , says it does n't make it so , " she responded , reiterating that she will block any vote to allow lifting the ban .	House speaker says president losing all credibility with the American people Pelosi says she wo n't bring offshore oil drilling to vote She says companies should drill in existing allowed areas first Pelosi defends House 's record , says Senate Republicans stall legislation
CNN  -- Everyone has their favorite Girl Scout cookie : the popular Thin Mints , the coconuty caramel delight of the Samoas , the simple yet lovable Shortbreads . But for those who are eagerly running to their pantry to open a box of Lemon Chalet Cremes , a foul odor may dampen their cookie-eating experience . Little Brownie Bakers of Louisville , Kentucky , one of two bakeries in the United States that make Girl Scout cookies , posted a statement on its Web site Friday saying it had received several complaints from customers who encountered a foul smell and taste in boxes of Lemon Chalet Cremes . The bakery says it tested the cookies and determined that they are safe for consumers to eat . No sickness from the cookies has been reported . The company says that the odor is a result of oils improperly breaking down in the cookies that "  are not up to our quality standards . " The Lemon Chalet Cremes were distributed in 24 states -- Alabama , California , Colorado , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , North Carolina , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Wisconsin -- and the District of Columbia . The number of potentially stinky boxes totals 636,000 , according to a spokesperson for Little Brownie Bakers . The company is contacting each Girl Scout council that received a batch of the smelly cookies and says it will provide replacements . The National Girl Scout offices were closed Friday because of the snowstorm in the Northeast . A recording on its 800 number redirected callers to Little Brownie Bakers for assistance .	Baker says it received complaints about bad smell , taste Lemon Chalet Cremes are safe for consumers , they say Some oils improperly break down in cookies Girl Scout councils will receive replacement boxes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- At 107 , Frank Buckles must know there is not much time for him to honor the memory of his comrades who served the United States during the first World War . He 's the last surviving U.S. veteran of what then was called the Great War . Frank Buckles is 107 years old and the last surviving U.S. veteran of World War I . The old soldier came to Washington on Tuesday hoping to turn a run-down local memorial on the National Mall into something in keeping with other , permanent monuments to Americans who 've sacrificed in other wars . He 's getting help from a Texas congressman who said he found the condition of the site deplorable . At a news conference with Buckles on Tuesday , Rep. Ted Poe said he has introduced the "  Frank Buckles World War I Act " to renovate and expand the memorial within the next few years . Poe , a Republican , said his bill would "  give this memorial energy , and will be incorporated in a grander , better memorial for all that served in World War I. " The price of the initial renovations would be around $ 1 million , Poe said , and the site eventually would be upgraded to a national memorial , though design details have n't been determined . The memorial is currently not national , having been built primarily to honor about 500 veterans from the District of Columbia . Buckles , who left the Army as a corporal , first visited the gazebo-style structure in March . He told reporters Tuesday that he does not think it 's too late to acknowledge the sacrifice of all Americans from that war . "  I think they should be honored by their representatives , " Buckles said from his wheelchair . "  I am a representative of World War I , simply through longevity . " Also pushing the overhaul and upgrade are the D.C. Preservation League and the World War I Memorial Foundation . The site of the current monument -- in dense woods not far from the fresh and elaborate World War II memorial -- is hard to find , even in the dead of winter , when Buckles last visited . "  We just saw it through the trees , " tourist Regina Duffy said in March . "  I was surprised when we got over here that it was a World War I memorial , because I thought it would be more prominent . " With summer foliage fully in bloom , the city 's monument is almost completely obscured . Zeke Musa of Florida said it "  looks like it 's been neglected . " "  If you just look at the walks here , all the stones are broken and everything . These guys served their country , you know ? It 's a shame , " said Musa , a Vietnam veteran . According to an autobiography released this year by the Pentagon , Buckles was eager to join the war . Although only 16 in the summer of 1917 , he lied about his age to get into the armed services . He said his recruiter told him "  the Ambulance Service was the quickest way to get to France , " so he took training in trench casualty retrieval . Buckles was an officer 's escort in France before joining a detail transporting German prisoners of war . He now lives on his family 's cattle farm near Charles Town , West Virginia .	NEW : Bill would renovate , expand memorial Last surviving U.S. veteran of World War I pushes for upgrade WWI memorial in nation 's capital currently is a local one Monument is difficult to find , "  looks like it 's been neglected "
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A high-level Kenyan delegation has agreed with the International Criminal Court to set up a tribunal by July 2010 to prosecute those who instigated last year 's devastating post-election violence . Residents of a Nairobi slum shout during clashes between two rival groups in January 2008 . Failing that , the government in Kenya will refer the case to the court 's prosecutor to take over . The delegation , in a signed agreement with chief prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo , also agreed to provide the court with a report on the current status of investigations and prosecutions so it can carry out "  preliminary examinations " of the case . The violence that erupted in Kenya following a disputed election in December 2007 nearly tore apart an African country once considered an island of peace in an otherwise troubled region that includes Somalia . Nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced after the re-election of Mwai Kibaki . The opposition , led by Raila Odinga , and many independent observers , said the vote had been rigged . Under pressure from abroad and the region , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan helped hammer out an agreement that led to a coalition government of all major political parties . A key part of the deal was the forming of a tribunal to investigate and prosecute the leaders responsible for the violence . Annan promised to hand over a list of suspects to the court , should the Kenyan government not form a tribunal . He gave August as a deadline . The court 's agreement with Kenya now gives the government breathing room . A U.N. special investigator , in a report issued in June , called for the resignation of top Kenyan officials and sweeping changes in the country 's security forces to end reported unlawful killings by police nationwide . The report called for the resignation of Kenya 's attorney general and the immediate replacement of the police commissioner . It also said Kibaki should publicly acknowledge his commitment to ending unlawful killings by police . The Kenya government expressed its "  deep displeasure " and "  grave concern " with the report , saying it impinged on the country 's sovereignty . The U.N. investigator also advocated creating an independent civilian police oversight body , and said the International Criminal Court should investigate violence after the 2007 election . He urged the government to create a witness protection program as well . Many analysts who follow Kenya think the next general election in 2012 has a significant chance of descending into violence , should key government reforms not be put in place .	Violence after December 2007 elections nearly tore Kenya apart Nearly 1,500 people were killed and hundreds of thousands displaced Tribunal was part of deal to end ethnic violence
Los Angeles  CNN  -- One Goh , the 43-year-old California man charged with fatally shooting seven people this month at the Oikos University in Oakland , has not eaten while being held in jail without bail , the Alameda County Sheriff 's Office said Tuesday . "  He came to our custody three weeks ago , and he is drinking water -- liquids -- and he 's not eating food . We say ` he is not eating ' because a strike would be in protest of something , and he is not , " said Sgt. J.D. Nelson of the sheriff 's office . "  He says he is not eating because he feels shame , but what that means nobody really knows , " Nelson added . Goh is receiving psychological care , Nelson said . Goh , who is Korean-American , is charged with seven counts of murder with special circumstances and three counts of attempted murder in a mass shooting earlier this month at Oikos , a small college that caters primarily to the Korean-American Christian community . His next court appearance is April 30 . District Attorney Nancy E. O'Malley has said Goh voluntarily left Oikos in November because he was upset . Goh "  wanted some money back for tuition he had paid , and it is also clear that he focused on one particular administrator at the school who was not present at the school " on the day of the shooting , O'Malley told reporters . The seven fatally shot victims , all from California , were : Katleen Ping , 24 ; Judith Ona Seymour , 53 , of San Jose ; Lydia H. Sim , 21 , of Hayward ; Sonam Choedon , 33 , of El Cerrito ; Grace Eunhea Kim , 23 , of Union City ; Doris Ifeyinwa Chibuko , 40 , of San Leandro ; and Tshering Rinzing Bhutia , 38 , of San Francisco , according to prosecutors . Goh is also charged with the attempted murder of Dawinder Kaur , 19 ; Ahmad Javid Sayeed , 36 ; and Grace Kirika , 43 , O'Malley said . Goh allegedly used a .45 - caliber gun with four fully loaded ammunition magazines , and most of the rounds were fired , authorities said .	One Goh , 43 , is charged with seven counts of murder in mass shooting at Oikos University Goh drinks fluids but is n't eating while being held in jail without bond , sheriff 's office says Goh tells jailers he 's feeling "  shame " without elaborating Goh is also charged with three counts of attempted murder
CNN  -- Critics lashed out Wednesday against the Federal Aviation Administration , which extended its ban on U.S. airlines ' flights to and from Tel Aviv , Israel . Calling the decision a "  mistake , " Michael Bloomberg -- who arrived in Israel on El Al , Israel 's national airline -- praised Tel Aviv Ben Gurion International Airport as most secure airport on Earth . "  The real world is that there are things going on near airports all over the world . Ben Gurion airport , because Israel has been threatened since it was formed in 1948 , is the most secure airport , " the former New York mayor told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  You have to take reasonable precautions but you can not shut down everything just because one terrorist someplace on the other side of the world says I 'm going to be a threat , " he said . The ban now runs through 12:15 p.m. ET Thursday . The FAA said it is "  working closely with the government of Israel to review the significant new information they have provided and determine whether potential risks to U.S. civil aviation are mitigated so the agency can resolve concerns as quickly as possible . " The agency did not detail what the "  significant new information " is . But the Israeli government told CNN that Ben Gurion is safe from any rocket attack by militants in Gaza . "  The security in Ben Gurion and in Israel is as good as it gets , " said Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat . "  The reality is that the risk coming to Israel is minimal , and if it would be larger we would take the initiative and tell everyone not to come here . " Hamas : ` Great victory for the resistance ' The ban was enacted Tuesday after a rocket struck about a mile from the airport . Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN the military had tracked the rocket , as it does in general with those fired by militants from Gaza . Israel chose not to shoot the rocket down , knowing the airport would not be hit . "  Any incoming rocket that would hit the airport ... would immediately be taken out by our system , " Regev said . Ben Gurion was still expecting 206 flights Wednesday despite cancellations from U.S. and some European airlines , Israel 's Transport Ministry said . American Airlines , which owns US Airways , said it will consider resuming service to the Israeli airport once the FAA approves . Delta Air Lines said Tuesday it was suspending flights until further notice . German airline Lufthansa said that "  based on an analysis of presently available information , " it will continue to suspend flights Thursday . The European Aviation Safety Agency recommended avoiding Ben Gurion on Tuesday . Air Canada canceled Wednesday night 's flight to Tel Aviv , as well as its return on Thursday . The airline typically flies one flight a day from Toronto to Tel Aviv . But British Airways continued flying into Israel even after other airlines canceled . Hamas hailed the slowdown as a clear victory . "  The resistance success in stopping the air traffic and isolating Israel from the world is a great victory for the resistance , " said spokesman Fawzi Barhoum . Bloomberg : Banning flights rewards Hamas Bloomberg landed safely Wednesday and tweeted a photograph of himself sitting down with Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyhu . "  I just wanted to do something personally to show my support for standing up for what 's right . I think Israel is doing that . Hamas is trying to kill the Palestinians and kill the Israelis and somebody 's got to say that they 've got to stop this , " he told CNN 's Blitzer . The exchange grew heated when Blitzer asked about the State Department 's travel advisory for Israel and the West Bank . "  I think the State Department is just overreacting in typical bureaucratic fashion , " Bloomberg said . When asked whether he thought there were political reasons behind the advisory , Bloomberg replied : "  By asking the question you 're implying that our government does things for political reasons . ... Just the allegation against our government I personally take as an offense . " He praised Ben Gurion Airport as the best-protected such facility in the world . "  The flight restrictions are a mistake that hand Hamas an undeserved victory and should be lifted immediately , " Bloomberg said late Tuesday . In an opinion column for Bloomberg View , part of the media company he owns , the former New York mayor compared his trip to Israel to the way he responded to terror threats in the city . Sometimes it 's prudent to act out an abundance of caution during a crisis , he wrote . "  But closing down access to major infrastructure networks in the face of terrorist threats can be self-defeating , " he said . The FAA said its decision was necessary due to the "  potentially hazardous situation . " And after the shooting down last week of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine , some jittery travelers understand the FAA decision . "  You have a rocket and you bring down 300 people at one shot , " one said . But it did n't stop her from boarding her El Al flight . The airport is a key economic artery for Israel . While more than 2,000 rockets have been fired into Israel from Gaza , 6,000 flights have landed and departed at Ben Gurion , the Civil Aviation Authority of Israel said . "  It is not a miracle and not a trick , " the authority 's director , Giora Romm , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  We know how to defend Ben Gurion , period . " CNN analyst : Incident could bring diplomatic consequences It 's unusual for the FAA to prohibit U.S. carriers from flying to a particular airport , said Mary Schiavo , a former U.S. Department of Transportation inspector general . "  In the past when the FAA has done it , there have been diplomatic consequences , " she said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry landed Wednesday at Ben Gurion on a mission to try to stop all hostilities . The airline suspensions did n't affect his flight because he traveled on a military plane . The flight suspensions have stranded some travelers in Tel Aviv . And others , who flew out on Israeli carriers , had to run for cover before takeoff when sirens went off at the airport . "  You had to run for about a minute to get to shelter and just wait there for about 10 minutes , " a passenger arriving in New York from Tel Aviv told CNN affiliate NY1 , describing what happened before the all-clear sounded . "  It was nerve-racking , actually . " Rabbi Shalom Lewis , whose synagogue is in an Atlanta suburb , was stuck at Ben Gurion with a group of American travelers all looking for a way to get home to the United States . But none was running scared over missiles . "  Every one of them was just aggravated by the inability to get home easily , but nobody was afraid , " Lewis told NY1 . On Wednesday , the Transport Ministry ordered the opening of the small Uvda airport in the far southeast of Israel . Canceling flights to Israel is a serious blow to the country 's economy , said Romm of the Civil Aviation Authority of Israel . Tourism is a major source of income . Last year , Israel received a record 3.5 million visitors , according to its Central Bureau of Statistics . Before the recent violence , the bureau reported a record 1.4 million visitors for the first half of 2014 . The violence will likely put a damper on tourism . Travelers reassess plans amid Mideast conflict CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Amir Tal , Umaro Djau , Aaron Cooper , Marlena Baldacci , Justin Lear , Marnie Hunter , Caitlin Schmidt , Katia Hetter , Rene Marsh and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Security in Israel is "  as good as it gets " says Jerusalem mayor Bloomberg says you have to take reasonable precautions , but not go overboard Hamas spokesman : "  Isolating Israel from the world is a great victory " The U.S. ban on flights now runs through midday Thursday
Washington  CNN  At least three would-be Republican presidential contenders have said that vaccinating children should sometimes be done on a voluntary basis , but their careful comments on the issue underscore how problematic it could be for some of them in a primary fight . Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul joined New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on Monday morning in asserting that the choice should be left up to the parents . And BuzzFeed highlighted comments made by former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina last week defending parents ' rights on the issue . The scientific community overwhelmingly agrees that vaccines are needed to protect the public , and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has provided assurances that the United States "  has the safest , most effective vaccine supply in history . " With the outbreak of the measles epidemic in December -- after the disease was eradicated from the U.S. in 2000 -- the scientific community is mobilizing to counter the "  anti-vax " movement , which has grown over the past decade . RELATED : CDC says 102 measles cases in January , most stemming from Disney outbreak Paul , in comments on conservative talk-radio show host Laura Ingraham 's show Monday , said he 's "  not anti-vaccine at all . " "  But particularly , most of them ought to be voluntary , " he added . Paul cited incidents where you have "  somebody not wanting to take the smallpox vaccine , and it ruins it for everybody else . " "  I think there are times in which there can be some rules , but for the most part it ought to be voluntary , " Paul went on . "  While I think it 's a good idea to take the vaccine , I think that 's a personal decision for individuals to take . " He also said he was "  annoyed " that his kids were supposed to receive the Hepatitis B vaccine as newborns , and that he had doctors space out the 10 vaccines they wanted to give his infant children over time . And in a later interview with CNBC , Paul suggested he had seen the negative effects of vaccines that those in the anti-vax movement cite in their opposition . None , however , are widely supported by the scientific community , and Paul 's office did not respond to a request for comment for details . "  I 've heard of many tragic cases of walking , talking , normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines , " Paul said . "  I 'm not arguing vaccines are a bad idea . I think they 're a good thing . But I think the parents should have some input . " Christie also took a measured approach , saying that while he vaccinates his own children , parents should be able to choose . "  All I can say is that we vaccinate ours . I think it 's much more important as a parent than as a public official , and that 's what we do , " he told reporters during his trip to England on Monday . He went on to say that 's "  part of making sure we protect their health and public health . " "  I also understand that parents need to have some measure of choice as well . So that 's a balance the government has to decide , " Christie added . Asked whether he was advocating leaving parents the option to not vaccinate their kids , Christie said "  I did n't say I 'm leaving people the option , " but that "  it depends what the vaccine is , what the disease type is and all the rest . " "  And so we have to have that conversation . -LSB- It -RSB- has to move and shift to disease type . Not every vaccine is created equal . Not every disease type is as great a public health threat as others , " Christie said . He went on to say that the debate over whether to vaccinate children should measure "  whatever the perceived danger by the vaccine is -- and we 've had plenty of that over a period of time -- versus what the risk to public health is . " Shortly after Christie 's comments were picked up by national media , his spokesman , Kevin Roberts , issued an email clarifying the governor 's position , asserting that states should have jurisdiction over the issue , as they currently do . "  The Governor believes vaccines are an important public health protection and with a disease like measles there is no question kids should be vaccinated . At the same time different states require different degrees of vaccination , which is why he was calling for balance in which ones government should mandate , " he said . Christie 's careful dance on the issue reflects the potential political trouble brewing over the question of whether parents should vaccinate their children . The Democratic National Committee knocked Christie for putting on a "  tin foil hat " and "  bowing to junk science , " warning him to "  sit down and shut up , before people actually get hurt " in a release . Another group of potential 2016ers also weighed in on the need for children to be vaccinated . Texas ' Sen. Ted Cruz told reporters Tuesday that "  children of course should be vaccinated " and also jumped to Christie 's defense , a potential foe for the Republican nomination . "  This issue is largely silliness stirred up by the media , " Cruz said . "  Nobody reasonably thinks Chris Christie is opposed to vaccinating kids other than a bunch of reporters who want to write headlines . " Cruz added in a statement that vaccines "  have tremendous public health benefits . " "  But on the question of whether kids should be vaccinated , the answer is obvious , and there 's widespread agreement : of course they should . We vaccinate both our girls , and encourage all parents to do the same , " Cruz said . Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida , who is also weighing a presidential run , was unequivocal : children should "  absolutely " be vaccinated and the practice should "  absolutely " be mandatory , he said Tuesday . Rubio added to the heap of doctors and experts who assert there is no link between vaccinations . And unvaccinated people , Rubio added , put infants at risk . "  If enough people are not vaccinated you put at risk infants that are three months of age or younger that have not been vaccinated , and you put at risk immune-suppressed children that are not able to get those vaccinations , " Rubio said . "  So absolutely , all children in America -LSB- should be vaccinated -RSB- . " Gov. Bobby Jindal said in a statement Tuesday he has "  no reservations " about the benefits of vaccines and urged "  all parents to get their kids vaccinated . " "  There is a lot of fear mongering out there on this . I think it is irresponsible for leaders to undermine the public 's confidence in vaccinations that have been tested and proven to protect public health , " Jindal said . "  Science supports them and they keep our children safe from potentially deadly but preventable diseases . Personally , I would not send my kids to a school that did not require vaccinations . " President Barack Obama weighed in on the issue during a Sunday interview with NBC , urging parents to get their kids vaccinated . "  I understand that there are families that , in some cases , are concerned about the effect of vaccinations , " he said . "  The science is , you know , pretty indisputable . We 've looked at this again and again . There is every reason to get vaccinated , but there are n't reasons to not . " But despite Obama 's insistence that the science supporting the need for vaccines is "  indisputable , " the vaccine debate has been problematic for Republicans in the past . Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry came under fire in the primaries from opponents during his 2012 run for president for issuing an executive order that mandated all young girls must receive a vaccine that protects against some forms of cervical cancer . He eventually flipped on the mandate and supported the Texas legislature 's decision to overturn it , saying he made a mistake . "  If I had it to do over again , I would have done it differently , " he said then . Indeed , Carly Fiorina , in explaining her position to BuzzFeed , referenced that vaccine as one worthy of "  concern . " Paul decried it as well . She drew a distinction between "  a vaccination when a girl is 10 or 11 or 12 for cervical cancer " and one for measles . "  I certainly can understand a mother 's concerns about vaccinating a 10-year-old , " she said . "  I think vaccinating for measles makes a lot of sense . But that 's me . I do think parents have to make those choices . " Richard Greene contributed to this report from London .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was asked about requiring vaccines , while he was visiting London The scientific community overwhelmingly endorses vaccines and the CDC says the U.S. "  has the safest , most effective vaccine supply in history " Christie 's spokesman later clarified his comment to say that Christie believes there 's "  no question " that kids should get the measles vaccine "
CNN  -- Investigators have no suspect in the stabbing death of an 8-year-old girl in her California home Saturday , a law enforcement official said Sunday . Leila Fowler 's brother found the child with "  severe injuries " in the Calaveras County , California , home Saturday , and she was pronounced dead later at a hospital , according to Calaveras County Sheriff Capt. Jim Macedo . Her parents were "  nearby at a public event " at the time , Macedo told reporters . The brother , who was not named , "  is not a suspect at this time , but we are continuing to talk to him , which would be normal because he was the last person with the child , " he said . Detectives are tracking down dozens of leads phoned into a tip line created Saturday , including some leading to other counties , he said . A search of the family 's home overnight Saturday gave investigators a "  substantial amount of evidence , " he said . He would not describe how the girl was killed . Witnesses have given police three differing descriptions of a possible intruder into the home , he said . The Sheriff 's Office is not releasing any of those descriptions , Macedo said . "  We do n't want to lead anybody in the wrong direction , " he said . A widespread search is being conducted for clues , he said . Deputies will have an "  increased and visible presence at the schools and bus stops " until the crime is solved , he said .	Leila Fowler 's brother found the child with "  severe injuries " in her home Saturday Her parents were "  nearby at a public event " at the time , official says Her brother "  is not a suspect at this time , " a sheriff 's spokesman says
CNN  -- An American pilot whose U-2 spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union will be posthumously awarded the Silver Star next week , 50 years after he was released from prison and returned to the United States . The award for valor is being bestowed on Francis Gary Powers for exhibiting "  exceptional loyalty " during harsh interrogation while in captivity by the Soviet Union for nearly two years , the Air Force said . The Silver Star is the third-highest combat military decoration awarded to members of any U.S. military branch for valor in the face of the enemy , the Air Force said . The award will be presented to his family Friday during a ceremony at the Pentagon , officials said . 7 Special Forces soldiers receive Silver Star for Afghan valor Powers was shot down on May 1 , 1960 , during a reconnaissance mission over the Soviet Union , and spent 21 months in a Moscow prison . He languished through 61 days of interrogation by the KGB , a trial and conviction for espionage and started serving a 10-year sentence . The incident was one of the most dramatic and tense moments of the Cold War , and is credited in large part with the collapse of arms control talks between the U.S. and the Soviet Union at the Paris Summit . Toast to Silver Star-awarded fallen sailor goes viral After the United States denied the downed plane was used for spying , the Soviets produced large pieces of the plane and put Powers on television . During the summit , Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev launched into a tirade against President Dwight D. Eisenhower for refusing to apologize , and Eisenhower canceled the talks . Powers finally returned to the United States in 1962 after a spy exchange with the Soviet Union . He wrote about his rocky return to the U.S. in his 1970 book , "  Operation Overflight : A Memoir of the U-2 Incident . " Upon his return , Powers was criticized for not destroying his plane and the intelligence cache , and for not taking a suicide pill before the Soviets captured him . He was debriefed by the CIA and testified before the Senate Armed Services Select Committee . It was determined that he followed orders and did not give away critical information to the Soviet Union . Powers worked at Lockheed Martin for seven years and later served as a helicopter pilot broadcasting traffic updates in Los Angeles . He died in a 1977 helicopter crash .	NEW : Powers ' family will receive the Silver Star on his behalf Powers is shot down during a mission in 1960 The incident is one of the most dramatic and tense moments of the Cold War He spends almost two years in a prison in Moscow and is freed in a swap
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Nadya Suleman , who gave birth to octuplets in January , will tell her story in a book , although no publisher has been found to sell it , her lawyer said . In addition to her reality TV show , Nadya Suleman has met with a ghost writer for a book . Jeffrey Czech also confirmed details of a "  less-intrusive " reality show about Suleman and her 14 kids , although no U.S. network has been signed to carry it . The advance money for the TV show deal will help Suleman pay her bills , Czech said . "  Obviously , she needs to do something more than just flip hamburgers all day , " he said . Suleman was set to sign an agreement with a ghost writer for her book Monday , Czech said . While he would not name the writer , he said the two "  hit it off . " In addition to the eight children born this year , Suleman has six other children . All 14 were conceived through in-vitro fertilization . The TV deal was signed with the British division of EyeWorks , Czech said . Headquartered in the Netherlands , EyeWorks produces and distributes television programs in Europe , parts of South America , Australia , New Zealand and the United States . Its U.S. productions include "  The Biggest Loser , " which takes overweight participants through what producers call "  radical physical makeover without any kind of surgery . " "  EyeWorks is a strong company and they did offer some money up front , which is obviously attractive to a woman with her financial situation , " Czech said . He would not reveal terms of the TV deal or how much money was involved . The show would be similar to what EyeWorks has produced in Europe , in which a camera crew does not follow the family every day , he said . It would , instead , record milestones and special events . Suleman will handle the camera for much of the taping of her TV show , reducing the intrusion into her children 's lives by television crews , Czech said . Though he said the show has not been named , Suleman has sought to trademark her media nickname -- Octomom -- for a TV show and a line of diapers . Suleman has said no to some opportunities to make money , Czech said . She declined an offer from Vivid , a porn movie company , to star in its productions , he said . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Nadya Suleman 's lawyer says she 's met with ghost writer ; no publisher yet She 's also getting an advance on reality TV show ; she will handle the camera Lawyer : "  She needs to do something more than just flip hamburgers all day " Suleman , already mother of six , gave birth to octuplets in January
CNN  Hip-hop star Nelly has been arrested on drug charges in Tennessee after a state trooper pulled over the private bus in which he was traveling , authorities said . The 40-year-old rapper from St. Louis , who shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "  Country Grammar , " has been charged with felony possession of drugs , simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia , the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security said . The state trooper stopped the bus carrying Nelly and five other people on Interstate 40 in Putnam County on Saturday because it was n't displaying U.S. Department of Transportation and International Fuel Tax Association stickers , according to Tennessee authorities . The trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus , a Prevost motor coach , when he "  noticed an odor of marijuana emitting from the vehicle , " authorities said in a statement . Two troopers then searched the bus , finding "  five colored crystal-type rocks that tested positive for methamphetamine , as well as a small amount of marijuana and other drug paraphernalia , " the statement said . The search also turned up several handguns and 100 small Ziploc bags , which the statement said are commonly used for selling drugs . The guns included a gold-plated .50 - caliber Desert Eagle pistol , a .45 - caliber Taurus pistol and a .500 Smith & Wesson magnum . Nelly , whose real name is Cornell Haynes , was taken to the Putnam County Jail along with another passenger . He later posted bond and left the jail , the Putnam County Sheriff 's Office said . CNN could n't immediately reach Nelly 's representatives for comment Saturday . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	State troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying Nelly and five others Nelly has been charged with felony possession of drugs
CNN  -- Newcastle 's 16-year stay in the English Premier League has come to an end as a Damien Duff own goal saw them lose 1-0 at Aston Villa . Newcastle players react after Damien Duff 's own goal sees them relegated from the Premier League . Duff deflected a 38th-minute shot from Gareth Barry past his own keeper Steve Harper to seal Newcastle 's fate . Newcastle 's misery was complete when defender David Edgar was sent off for a late challenge on England winger Ashley Young . The result meant Magpies legend Alan Shearer failed to work the miracle he was brought in to try and achieve with eight games remaining . Newcastle will be joined in the Championship by Middlesbrough , who were beaten 2-1 at West Ham and West Bromwich Albion , whose relegation was already confirmed prior to Sunday 's final matches . Both Hull and Sunderland survived the drop , despite both also losing their final matches . Hull were beaten 1-0 at home by a second-string Manchester United side , while Sunderland lost 3-2 at home to Chelsea in Guus Hiddink 's final game in charge of the London side . Despite escaping relegation , Sunderland manager Ricky Sbragia -- who had only been in charge for five months after Roy Keane 's relegation -- announced his decision to resign at the end of their match . Meanwhile , Newcastle have paid the price for a season of instability ever since Kevin Keegan decided to quit as manager in early September and owner Mike Ashley decided to put the club up for sale . Joe Kinnear was brought in to try and rescue the situation until his heart problems terminated his involvement and led to former England and Newcastle striker Shearer getting the call . But it was always going to be an uphill task to reverse a season of under-achievement and turmoil in such a short space of time . Now Shearer has to decide whether he wants to take on the task of trying to help the Magpies regain their top flight status and is due to have talks with Ashley early next week . "  It 's painful and it hurts . It 's been a great experience for me and in a weird way I have enjoyed it , " Shearer told Sky Sports . "  But lets get something straight , we did n't go down because of today , but because we were n't good enough after 38 games . "  Big changes need to be made at this club , players need to go and others have to arrive because , collectively , we were not good enough to survive . " Newcastle 's result ensured Hull stayed in the Premier League , despite their defeat against champions Manchester United . As expected , United manager Alex Ferguson put out a reserve side with one eye on Wednesday 's Champions League final against Barcelona , but they still proved too strong for the home side and Darren Gibson 's superb first half long-range strike proved enough for the visitors . Second-bottom Middlesbrough will join the Magpies and already-relegated West Brom in the Championship after their defeat at Upton Park . The hosts went ahead after 33 minutes when Carlton Cole sidefooted past goalkeeper Brad Jones and although Gary O'Neill hit an equalizer shortly after the break , the Hammers won the match eight minutes later through Junior Stanislas . Sunderland were the only other side in danger of getting relegated at the start of play and had other results to thank for their survival after they were beaten by Chelsea . Nicolas Anelka claimed the season 's Golden Boot award in style with a wonder-strike , his 19th of the season , two minutes into the second half . Kieran Richardson took advantage of Petr Cech 's fumble to level but Salomon Kalou gave the visitors the lead again in the 74th minute and Ashley Cole wrapped up the win in the final 10 minutes . Kenwyne Jones scored a late consolation goal for Sunderland , who will now be looking for a new manager following Sbragia 's announcement , although the Scotsman will remain on the coaching staff . Everton finish the table in fifth place after a 2-0 victory at Fulham , who have qualified for the Europa League in seventh place despite the defeat . Leon Osman hit both goals for the Toffees , but Roy Hodgson 's team retained seventh as Tottenham were beaten 3-1 by Liverpool . The hosts took the lead in the first-half thanks to Fernando Torres ' header and Alan Hutton 's own goal made it two after the break . Robbie Keane pulled one back against his former club with a quarter of an hour to go , but Yossi Benayoun netted Liverpool 's third nine minutes from time . Elsewhere , Arsenal were in a rampant mood at the Emirates Stadium , demolishing Stoke in the first half on the way to a 4-1 victory . The Gunners opened the scoring on 10 minutes when striker James Beattie slotted the ball into his own net from Cesc Fabregas ' cross . The hosts then made it 2-0 on the quarter hour when Robin van Persie was brought down by Ryan Shawcross and then converted the resulting spot-kick . Frenchman Abou Diaby headed home a a third goal two minutes later before Stoke pulled one back through a Ricardo Fuller penalty . Van Persie completed the scoring with his second of the game , taking advantage of a mistake from Rory Delap .	Newcastle are relegated from the Premier League after 1-0 loss at Aston Villa Damien Duff 's own goal sees them lose top flight status after 16-year tenure Middlesbrough also go down following their final day 2-1 defeat at West Ham Hull and Sunderland both remain in Premier League despite final day defeats Sunderland manager Ricky Sbragia announces resignation after final whistle
CNN  -- Before the light , the dark . Ali Khousrof 's training facilities are spartan . The building in Sana'a , the capital of Yemen , where the 23-year-old judo fighter is preparing for the London 2012 Olympics is small and gloomy . Electricity is intermittent ; the elements rarely kept at bay by the potholed roof . Poverty and poor training facilities are nothing new for thousands of athletes from the developing world preparing for the chance to realize their dreams of competing in an Olympic Games . But Khousrof , like many others in the Arab world , has had to overcome much more than just challenging training conditions . Last year he was shot in the abdomen whilst protesting against the rule of then President Ali Abdullah Saleh , who stepped down after hundreds of protestors were killed by his security forces . The bullet shattered inside him . He feared first that his Olympic dream , rather than his life , was over . But after specialist treatment , Khousrof has returned , and has thrived in preparation for the biggest moment of his sporting life . He is just one of hundreds of sportsmen and women who have battled to secure their place at the Olympic Games as revolution and war waged around them during the Arab Spring , toppling dictators from Tunis to Sana'a and giving them hope , for the first time , for a brighter future . "  These Olympics will happen while there will be a new president so it 's a better feeling that gives a push to better represent our country , " says Khousrof , who would protest every day against the rule of President Saleh until he was shot . "  I wish that our participation in the London Olympics be powerful and be competitive so we can represent Yemen in an honorable image . " After the Arab spring For many athletes in the Arab world this will be the first time they represent their countries free from the tyranny of dictatorship . In the past , sporting glory produced conflicting emotions ; on the one hand immense pride at flying the flag for their people ; on the other revulsion that success would be exploited as a victory for the regime . Wajdi Bouallegue knows that better than most . The Tunisian gymnast will travel to London despite fearing that he would never represent his country again . In 2009 he was handed a lifetime ban for insulting the former president Zine al Abidine Ben Ali . "  I tore the picture of the president right here , " he says in his gym , pointing behind to the wall . "  There 's a big photo of him and I tore -LSB- it -RSB- . I have some problems with the federation and I see the big photo of Ben Ali ... I tore it . And then they stopped me for one year and a half . " Bouallegue , considered one of the greatest Arab and African floor specialists of all time , had previously traveled to Athens for the 2004 Olympics . Back then he felt the heavy hand of the regime looking for success and reflected glory . "  Every champion in all sports had a pressure , " he says . "  If you have an interview you must thank the old president and after you can speak about your performance .  You  must thank the regime before the interview . It 's crazy but it 's the reality . " The president 's men Eventually Bouallegue was asked back to the team , but only out of desperation when the sporting authorities realized they had no gymnasts for the 2010 Africa championships . He refused owing to them keeping the life ban on his coach , who is also his father . "  Now I think only of my flag , my country and I am happy that my father is always with me to make this performance , because I can not image another coach but him . " It was in Tunisia that the Arab Spring began , and Bouallegue was soon drawn into the chaos , patrolling outside his building after joining a neighborhood militia . Just 28 days later Ben Ali was gone , exiled to Saudi Arabia after over two decades in power . Bouallegue could not believe it had happened so quickly , and that he was free once again to visit the gym , his gym , and dream of the Olympics once again . "  When we wake up , first day , my wife says to me ... ` he 's really gone , this dictator ? ' " he recalls . "  I say ' I do n't believe . ' Before we -LSB- were -RSB- even afraid to speak in your own home , to critic the regime . Maybe there is some cameras ? Some phones to hear you ? " The Egyptian Usain Bolt The Tunisian revolution quickly spread across the region -- to Libya , Bahrain , Syria and beyond . In Egypt a few weeks later , Amr Seoud received a message on Facebook telling him to get down to Tahrir Square . Seoud is the fastest man in Africa , a sprinter who will compete against Usain Bolt in the 100 meters sprint . He put his training to one side and left for what he thought was a small protest against the hated police . It was January 25 and he arrived at the biggest , and most crucial , protest of the revolution . It was to be the beginning of the end for president Hosni Mubarak . "  I was there from the first day , " Seoud told CNN . "  I completely forgot about athletics at this time because the entire country is going crazy and there 's no way to think about training or athletics ... last year was n't the greatest training year for us just because of the revolution . " Seoud 's schedule was badly affected by the ensuing chaos . He still trained when he could on the track at Zamalek Island in Cairo but according to his U.S. based coach it was n't enough . What little money there was from the Mubarak regime before -- peanuts given that the president would prefer to wrap himself around the success of Egypt 's national soccer team -- fell to nothing afterward . Somehow the Egyptian authorities managed to find the money to send Seoud to Colorado for an intensive training camp . It is money that could be well spent . Seoud 's quickest time is 10.13 seconds -- competitive at this level -- and at the last World Championships he had the third fastest qualifying time up to the semifinals . Victory for the revolution Now he is aiming for a medal that would mean more than personal prestige . "  I was almost satisfied after what I had done in my life . I was like : ` I 'm the Africa champion , the Arab champion , I was holding the Arab record for a long time , " he said when CNN caught up with him in the U.S. "  But after the revolution I changed my mind completely ... if I 'm going to be the reason to make my people happy , even for one day , I would be happy for the rest of my life . " "  Now I am trying to be in the Olympic final and not only that but the top three . I am going for it . This is what I am dreaming about . There is no way to give up . " Olympic first as Saudi Arabia names two women in London 2012 team The three athletes are going to London full of hope , an entirely different future for both them and their country now possible . Already they have sacrificed much for a shot at an Olympic medal , no matter how small those odds are . But regardless of whether they can reach the podium or not , there is now light instead of dark . "  It 's a special feeling , after the revolution , " Bouallegue explains when asked how it feels to represent Tunisia now rather than before . "  You feel the victory better than before . "	In a special collaboration between CNN and SI , we meet the athletes of the Arab Spring Despite revolution sportsmen from Tunisia , Yemen and Egypt will be at London 2012 Egyptian sprinter Amr Seoud hopes to compete against Usian Bolt in the 100m Yemen 's Ali Khousrof was shot in the stomach but will be in London too
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was able to stand with assistance on Wednesday , an aide said , with her doctor adding that the congresswoman has the strength to stand on her own . "  Today we were getting her out of bed again and we were able to stand with assistance , " said Dr. Peter Rhee , Tucson 's University Medical Center 's trauma chief . "  She 's got the strength to stand on her own , lift her head up and these ... I see improvements every single day . " Rhee was speaking to CNN affiliate KVOA . Giffords ' chief of staff , Pia Carusone , told CNN Wednesday that Giffords had stood Wednesday "  with assistance . " A federal grand jury in Tucson indicted Jared Lee Loughner on three charges of attempted murder on Wednesday . Loughner , 22 , was charged with attempting to kill Giffords and two of her aides , Ron Barber and Pamela Simon . "  We are in the early stages of this ongoing investigation , " said U.S. Attorney Dennis K. Burke in a statement about the charges . "  This case also involves potential death-penalty charges , and  Justice  Department rules require us to pursue a deliberate and thorough process , " the statement went on . "  Today 's charges are just the beginning of our legal action . " Federal law requires the U.S. to bring charges against of a defendant within 30 days of his or her arrests . Legal experts said that more federal charges against Loughner are likely . "  This is really a placeholder indictment , " CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Wednesday . "  The grand jury investigation will continue , there 's a long way to go in these case and these charges will be there but I 'm certain there will be more as well . " In addition to standing on Wednesday , Giffords ' doctor said she was put in a chair and was able to look out a window . "  We went to a window and so she could see the mountains of Tucson , " Rhee said . "  There 's no doubt in my mind that lifted up her spirits . " The congresswoman , who will be moved to a rehabilitation center in Texas later this week , had worries about her safety long before she was critically wounded by a gunman at a public event this month , her husband said on Tuesday . "  We 've discussed it a number of times , " Mark Kelly told KVOA . "  She felt that that was a possibility , pretty much exactly what had happened ... there have been threats against her and other members of Congress . " Giffords was hosting a constituents ' meeting outside a supermarket in Tucson when a gunman opened fire . Six people , including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl , were killed and 13 others wounded . Giffords was shot in the head . In an e-mail sent to friends and family members Tuesday and obtained by CNN , Giffords ' mother , Gloria , writes that she will be moved from Tucson 's University Medical Center to rehabilitation facilities in Houston on Friday . "  There is a team of medical specialists involved ... including military surgeons who specialize in bullet wounds to the head , " the e-mail says . "  They want to start aggressive rehab immediately . " Giffords ' office confirmed the move and said that while the move is expected to be Friday , "  the exact day of the move will depend on the congresswoman 's health . " Her family chose TIRR Memorial Hermann rehabilitation hospital in Houston , part of the Texas Medical Center , because of its reputation , one of her doctors said . "  The congresswoman 's family wants to ensure she receives the best rehabilitative care possible for her type of serious penetrating brain injury , " said Dr. Michael Lemole . Kelly said that Memorial Hermann 's proximity to Tucson was another factor in the decision . "  I am extremely hopeful at the signs of recovery that my wife has made since the shooting , " he said . "  The team of doctors and nurses at UMC has stabilized her to the point of being ready to move to the rehabilitation phase . Their goal -- and our goal -- has been to provide Gabby with the best care possible . " Loughner is next set to appear in court on Monday in Phoenix . Richard Kastigar , chief investigator for the Pima County Sheriff 's Department , said Wednesday authorities believe he showed his gun to a friend before the shooting , "  between Christmas and New Year 's . " After the shooting , the friend told his father about the exchange , and the father contacted police , he said . He would not name the friend . Police have said Loughner bought the gun in November after passing a background check , and bought ammunition at a Walmart near his home hours before the shooting . Seven boxes of ammunition were found after the rampage in a black bag discovered in a dry river bed in Loughner 's neighborhood . In addition , authorities said Wednesday that the gunman apparently fired 32 shots , one more than previously thought . A woman found a bullet casing in her purse several days later , Kastigar said . "  A woman who was around the shooting scene that day found the casing and reported it to police , " he said . "  It fits right into our investigation . We always knew Loughner had one round in his chamber and 31 in the magazine . " Kastigar said he did n't know whether the woman attended the event at the Safeway , was a passerby or was coming out of the store at the time of the shooting . Gloria Giffords writes that her daughter shows improvement every day "  and shows higher levels of comprehension and complex actions . "  Yesterday , when Mark came back from speaking at her aide 's memorial service , she reached up and untied his tie and undid the top button to his shirt , " according to the e-mail . "  Last night , she took his iPod and scrolled through all the pictures . Early this morning she began to read cards made for her by some 4th graders ! Her unbandaged eye tracked the lines , she opened the cards and turned them over reading the back . Mark 's gotten pages of large print of Harry Potter 's 1st book for her to hold and read . " The e-mail also says that Giffords gave her husband "  a 20-minute neck and back rub . " Giffords remains in serious condition . A second , unnamed victim is listed in good condition . Kelly told the affiliate the couple had been concerned about heated and divisive political debates , but despite the fears , Giffords ' passion for public service was a priority . "  She was doing what she loved , she was representing the people of southern Arizona , " Kelly said . "  She felt it was very important for them to have the opportunity to walk up to her and tell her what they think . " Kelly said the lawmaker will resume her public service "  stronger than ever " as soon as she 's well enough . He predicted she would return to the scene of the shooting . "  She loves southern Arizona more than anything , " he told CNN affiliate KGUN . "  She 's here every week , doing stuff like ` Congress on your Corner , ' and I 'm sure the first thing she 's gon na do , when she 's ready , is a ` Congress on your Corner ' at that Safeway " where the shooting occurred . The outpouring of support has been tremendous , Kelly said , including an elementary school student who sent his $ 2.85 in lunch money to Giffords with a card . "  I sealed it back up , and we 're gon na give it back to him , " Kelly said . "  It almost made me cry just standing there in the room , just to see the kid put his lunch money in the envelope for her . " ' Gloria Giffords wrote in the e-mail that her daughter has hard work ahead of her . She has been moving her limbs on command , according to the e-mail , and doctors have had her sitting up in a chair . "  So now comes the ` true grit ' part , " she wrote , "  and  it  wo n't be a stroll in a park although Mark predicts she 'll be up and walking around in 2 weeks . The physical and emotional therapy will proceed side by side and it 'll be stringent . " Giffords has not been able to speak because of a breathing tube in her throat . Her mother wrote that Giffords will continue communicating more as she becomes more alert and will speak after the tube comes out . "  You notice I 'm speaking in the present tense ... because that 's where all your future prayers are going to come in , " she wrote . The e-mail said Giffords ' parents are "  humbled by the outpouring of love and prayers and overwhelmed with gratitude . " The hospital 's front lawn and the perimeter of Giffords ' Tucson office are "  illuminated by thousands of candles , get-well placards , hers and the other victims ' photos , prayers , stuffed animals and people . " Surveillance video of the January 8 shooting shows Loughner walking up to Giffords and firing at her face from 24 to 36 inches away , Kastigar , told CNN . Kastigar said he viewed the surveillance video the day of the incident , and the hard drives have been turned over to the FBI . He said its contents have not been previously discussed for a variety of reasons , chief among them protecting the victims ' families from the graphic details it contains . On the video , the suspect can be clearly seen walking around a table and up to Giffords , pointing a gun at her face and pulling the trigger . Giffords is barely in the frame of the video , he said . The gunman then turns to his left and walks out of the video , when witnesses said he began firing indiscriminately at others . U.S. District Judge John Roll can be seen on the video putting his arms over Giffords staffer Ron Barber and attempting to push him down and crawl under the table with him , Kastigar said . In trying to help Barber , Roll exposes his back to the gunman and is shot . Roll died ; Barber was also shot , but survived . "  I have to detach my personal feelings " about the video as an investigator , but the video offers investigators a way to sort out sometimes confusing or conflicting witness statements about what took place , Kastigar said . It also clarified that the gunman 's intended target was Giffords , as it made clear that he walked up and fired the first round at her , Kastigar said . A law enforcement official said federal and local authorities have conducted more than 300 interviews as part of the investigation . CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Roni Selig contributed to this report	NEW : A federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner on charges of attempted murder Giffords has the strength to stand and lift her head Giffords is to be moved to TIRR Memorial Hermann in Houston Her husband , Mark Kelly , says Giffords feared for her safety
CNN  -- For the second time in two weeks , a US Airways flight had to change course after crew members fell ill . Flight 715 from Venice , Italy , to Philadelphia was diverted to Ireland on Monday after five flight attendants and a passenger reportedly had medical issues , US Airways said in a statement . The Airbus A330-200 had 238 passengers and 12 crew members on board . The airline said it was booking passengers on other flights to Philadelphia . It was not clear what kinds of medical issues the flight attendants and passenger had . If the incident sounds familiar , it 's because another US Airways flight taking the same route was diverted to the same airport for the same reason nine days earlier . On May 10 , A US Airways flight en route from Venice to Philadelphia was diverted to Dublin Airport after nine flight attendants became ill , officials said . The nine flight attendants on that flight complained of nausea , watery eyes and dizziness , Irish health officials said . The pilots switched gears over the Atlantic Ocean to make the emergency landing in Ireland . The flight attendants were evaluated , released and then returned to Philadelphia , US Airways spokeswoman Michelle Mohr said . CNN 's Ric Ward and journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	Flight 715 was headed to Philadelphia from Venice , Italy It diverted to Dublin , Ireland , after five crew members and a passenger became ill Nine days earlier , another flight from Venice to Philadelphia was diverted to Dublin On that flight , nine crew members reported feeling dizzy and nauseated
QUANTICO , Virginia  CNN  -- Motorcycle accidents have killed more Marines in the past 12 months than enemy fire in Iraq , a rate that 's so alarming , it has prompted top brass to call a meeting to address the issue , officials say . Despite crashes , Gunnery Sgt. Art Tucker rides a sport motorcycle . "  I enjoy it . ... It relaxes me , " he says . Twenty-five Marines have died in motorcycle crashes since November -- all but one of them involving sport bikes that can reach speeds of well over 100 mph , according to Marine officials . In that same period , 20 Marines have been killed in action in Iraq . The 25 deaths are the highest motorcycle death toll ever for the Marine Corps . Gen. James Amos , the assistant commandant of the Marine Corps , told CNN that commanders are trying to drill down on what "  we need to do to help our Marines survive on these sport bikes . " "  The Marines are very serious about it , " he said . Watch these are n't your father 's Harleys " Marine Gunnery Sgt. Art Tucker knows all too well about the dangers of sport bikes . An owner of a Kawasaki Ninja , Tucker has had two crashes , and the second one nearly killed him . "  I sustained a broken collar bone ; I tore the shoulder out of the socket ; I tore three ligaments in the shoulder , the rotator cuff ; I broke three vertebrae , " said Tucker , a drill instructor for new officers . "  The worst was a head injury I received : a bruised brain . And it caused hemorrhaging , and from that I had partial paralysis of the left leg , full paralysis of the left foot and toes , and that was for approximately six months . " Amos said he and other top Marine officials will spend half the day Monday "  focusing on nothing but motorcycle issues . " The commandant of the Marine Corps , Gen. James Conway , and other senior leadership will attend the meeting at the Quantico , Virginia , Marine base , he said . About 18,000 of the nearly 200,000 Marines are believed to own motorcycles , Amos said . The Marines have taken some measures . The Marine Corps has had a long-standing policy for all Marines who ride motorcycles to take a mandatory basic riding course . More recently , it added a second training course specifically designed to train Marines who ride sport bikes . Any Marine caught riding , even on leave , without going through the training courses faces Marine Corps punishment , officials say . On a recent day at the Quantico training track , Marines whizzed by on their bikes . "  I think the basic rider course has been great , " said Cpl. Austin Oakley . "  Here , they put you in situations you want to be wary of out in that open road . " Oakley said he recently returned to the United States from Japan , and he immediately jumped at the chance to buy a sport bike . He said it 's not uncommon for Marines to have motorcycle clubs within their units . "  We 'll go out on rides together . Fridays for lunchtime , we 'll all meet up and go to lunch , " Oakley said . "  When I get on my motorcycle , it 's me and the motorcycle . I do n't need to go fast . I do n't need to do anything like that . It 's just being free . " The rise in motorcycle deaths is n't confined to Marines . The Navy says it 's had 33 deaths on motorcycles over the past 12 months , a 65 percent jump from the previous time period . And authorities say motorcycle deaths have been a problem in the civilian world , too . Military officials say they 're not sure why the deaths are on the rise . They initially believed that the accidents might involve mostly young Marines and sailors about 18 or 19 years old . But Navy statistics show that five of the victims were 25 , the most prevalent of any age involved in the crashes . And two 40-year-old sailors were killed in motorcycle crashes . Amos said the Marines have seen a similar trend . But he says the new training seems to be working : Of the 300 young men and women who have gone through the sport-bike course , only three have had accidents . The safety course instructors said some Marines who go through the training decide the sport bike is not for them . But even some Marines who 've survived past crashes still want to ride again , even after they get the new training . "  I enjoy it , " said Tucker . "  I can actually get on my motorcycle and ride , and it 's just like if I were to do bowling or rock climbing or scuba diving . It 's something for me . It relaxes me . "	25 Marines killed on motorcycles in past 12 months , compared with 20 killed in Iraq Top Marine official : "  The Marines are very serious about " addressing problem All but one of the deaths have involved super-fast sport bikes Marines have recently implemented a mandatory sport-bike course
Washington  CNN  -- A jury was seated Friday in the trial of a man charged with the 2001 murder of Chandra Levy . Prosecutors , defense attorneys and the judge picked 12 women and four men -- four of the 16 are alternates -- to serve on the panel . The trial is expected to start Monday . Levy 's disappearance nine years ago received widespread publicity because of her relationship with a congressman . The revelation contributed to the political downfall of California Democrat Gary Condit , who now may be called to the witness stand . Police said Condit was never a suspect in the case , although he was questioned intensively as investigators tried to find Levy , who vanished at the end of her federal internship at the U.S. Bureau of Prisons . Blog : Retracing Chandra Levy 's steps The man accused of her murder , Ingmar Guandique , is a reputed member of the Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha . Authorities believe that he attacked Levy , 24 , as she jogged in a park , killing her when she began to scream . Her remains were found more than a year later in a wooded area of D.C. 's Rock Creek Park . Guandique was sentenced in 2002 for attacking two other women in the same park . Years later , officials say , he admitted to fellow inmates that he had killed Levy . Defense attorneys have questioned the police investigation and , this week , wondered about a second man named in a FBI fingerprint memo prosecutors had just disclosed to Guandique 's counsel . In that memo , both Guandique and the other man were cleared of any match in fingerprints lifted from a vehicle parked near the crime scene . Guandique denies that he committed the crime , and there is no physical evidence linking him to it , leaving prosecutors to base their case largely on his alleged jailhouse admission that he killed the young intern . The judge in the case struck a number of potential jurors this week without further questioning . They provided unacceptable answers on a 55-question survey the pool filled out Monday . Others were called in to further explain certain responses that could affect their ability to render a fair verdict . The judge 's instructions and opening presentations in the trial are expected to begin Monday .	The trial is expected to start Monday The man charged with her murder says he is not guilty Levy disappeared in 2001 ; her body was n't discovered for a year
Dulles , Virginia  CNN  Two quick-thinking passengers in the third row of a United flight to Denver tackled and subdued a man who was heading toward the cockpit , other travelers on the plane told CNN on Tuesday . The incident started shortly after United Flight 1074 took off around 10:15 p.m. Monday from Dulles International Airport in suburban Washington . The Boeing 737 jet was supposed to take its 33 passengers and six crew members to Denver , but turned back because the unnamed passenger "  failed to comply with crew instructions , " United Airlines spokesman Luke Punzenberger said . Joshua Lindstrom told "  Anderson Cooper 360 ˚ " Tuesday night that a man was acting strangely as he moved up the aisle . "  The flight attendant gave some sort of command to stand back , and he turned and started heading toward the cockpit . And the guy in 3E was a lightning bolt and just jumped out of his seat and took the guy down to the ground . " The hero 's seatmate piled on and grabbed the out-of-control passenger 's legs , Lindstrom said . Passenger Donna Tellam told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront " the men reacted so quickly she thought they were air marshals . She said the unruly man had come down the aisle , screaming about the plane going too slow and flailing his arms . A flight attendant used plastic ties to bind the man 's wrists as the plane headed back , she said . Earlier , a government official with direct knowledge of the incident told CNN that the detained passenger had run toward the cockpit screaming "  jihad , jihad . " Lindstrom told Cooper he did n't hear those words but after the flight was back on the ground the man who tackled the unruly passenger mentioned it . "  He said , ` Did you hear it ? Like he said ` jihad ' a couple times  while he was being restrained  , " Lindstrom said . " ... In the end it was more surreal than it was scary . It was wild . " Lindstrom said two other people helped keep the man on the floor for the 20 minutes or so that it took the flight crew to return to Dulles . During that time , the subdued man 's mood would change . The man was rattling on about someone trying to bring the plane down , then become despondent and cry , "  I 'm sorry , I 'm sorry . " A cell phone video shows the man , bruised on his face , being held down . At one point , he pleads , "  Please stop , please stop , they said call it off . " At another , the man seems to cry as he says , "  I 'm so sorry . " "  Do n't move , " one passenger says , apparently trying to calm the man . "  You 're OK . We 're going to get you off this plane , buddy . " The plane returned to Dulles around 10:40 p.m. , said Kimberly Gibbs , a spokeswoman for the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority , which runs the northern Virginia airport . Airport police took the unruly passenger off the plane , and airport firefighter-EMTs transported him to a nearby hospital , according to Gibbs . As of late Tuesday evening , the passenger had not been arrested or charged with a crime , officials said . There is nothing , so far , in the tackled man 's background to suggest he has a connection to terrorists , the government source said . No weapons were found after he was subdued . By then , the other passengers -- none of whom was injured -- had been rebooked on new Denver-bound flights . Some opted to take the first flight to Colorado on Tuesday , while others chose to leave later , according to Punzenberger , the United spokesman . Opinion : Pilot : How safe are you on a plane ? CNN 's Rene Marsh reported from Dulles Airport , and CNN 's Steve Almasy and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Tina Burnside , Javi Morgado , Holly Yan and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report .	Witness on plane says unruly passenger talked about someone trying to bring plane down Another passenger tells CNN man said plane was going too slow Airport spokeswoman : Passenger not arrested or charged with a crime so far
In the U.S. Capitol basement , an auditorium full of congressional staff grapples with the consequences of how their bosses upstairs wrote the Affordable Care Act . Starting Monday , they will have to choose a health care plan . "  A lot of employees are planning to separate because of this , " one man stood up and declared at the first-ever congressional orientation for Obamacare . By "  separate , " he meant quit . It was one of many sharp moments of concern at the two information sessions set up by House administrators Thursday . Both were closed to the press , but CNN was able to watch on an in-house TV channel . The camera faced the stage , not the audience and staff members who spoke could only be heard , not seen in the broadcast . They did not identify themselves and as a result , we can not name them . Several expressed doubts and fears about leaving their familiar federal employees plan and switching to the exchange , including a little-known but potentially costly issue . "  I think the federal government needs to seriously look at whether it is contributing to age discrimination  by forcing staff onto the exchange  , " one women said . "  The monthly formula for older workers is a serious , serious hit , " she went on . "  In addition to what I 'm paying now , it will be another $ 300 to $ 400 a month . " Under the federal employee health plan , premiums do not vary by age . That 's possible because the federal benefits system includes millions of employees and negotiates with insurers for that massive group , spreading out the costs widely . But in the exchange , Congress acts as a small business and insurers view it more by individual health needs , charging different premiums for higher-risk staff , like older employees . Example : Under one BlueCross BlueShield plan available to congressional staff , the premium for a 20-year-old is $ 262.48 a month , versus $ 842.41 a month for a 60-year-old . That 's not unique to congressional workers . But it is new for them . Compounding the "  hit " they feel is how much Congress kicks in to help with the premium , its employer contribution . It maxes out at $ 426 a month . The Office of Personnel Management official told CNN that those two things result in much higher premiums for older workers in the exchange than they are paying now under the federal health plan . Of course it also means lower relative premiums for younger workers . "  You should look into that , " one man said at Thursday 's orientation . The issues for congressional workers are not just financial . Some staffers want to select a plan that excludes abortion , "  but we 've had difficulties figuring out  which one that is  , " said one staffer in Thursday 's first session . "  Which plans are more pro-life ? " asked another at the second session later in the day . In response , insurance company representatives pointed to one multistate plan with BlueCross BlueShield and all eight plans offered by Aetna . More than 100 plans in total are offered to congressional staff . Those forced into the exchange have just under a month to pick one , starting Monday when the enrollment window set by congressional administrators opens .	Starting Monday , congressional staffers will use the Obamacare health care exchanges Some staffers participated in two information sessions on Thursday They are concerned about higher premiums , especially for older workers Many also want information on insurance plans that exclude abortion
