CNN  -- Every morning before school , nine-year-old Terisia Techu would undergo a painful procedure . Her mother would take a burning hot pestle straight out of a fire and use it to press her breasts . With tears in her eyes as she recalls what it was like , Terisia tells CNN that one day the pestle was so hot , it burned her , leaving a mark . Now 18 , she is still traumatized . Her mother , Grace , denies the incident . But she proudly demonstrates the method she used on her daughter for several weeks , saying the goal was to make her less desirable to boys -- and stave off pregnancy . A study found that one in four girls in Cameroon have been affected by the practice . The U.S. State Department , in its 2010 human rights report on Cameroon , cited news reports and said breast ironing "  victimized numerous girls in the country " and in some cases "  resulted in burns , deformities , and psychological problems . " There are more than 200 ethnic groups in Cameroon with different norms and customs . Breast ironing is practiced by all of them . Some mothers use hot stones or coconut shells to flatten their daughters ' breasts . Doctors believe improved diets have resulted in young Cameroonian girls going through puberty early . Many of them are also becoming pregnant early . Terisia became pregnant at 15 . Her child died at birth . She told CNN that breast ironing does n't work . She hates the practice and wishes her mother had instead talked to her about sex and preventing pregnancy . Grace Techu argues that if it were n't for the breast ironing , Terisia would have become pregnant at an even younger age . Techu has four daughters , and she used the procedure on the first two . The third avoided it because her breasts are growing at an acceptable rate , Techu says , and the fourth girl is still too young . Mothers who want their children to finish school before becoming parents have resorted to this drastic measure , and many see nothing wrong with it . In 2006 , a German nongovernmental organization exposed the practice , which at the time was done mainly in secret . Now , charities have embarked on campaigns to educate mothers in Cameroon that sex education -- not breast ironing -- is the solution to ending teenage pregnancy . Dr Sinou Tchana , a gynecologist in Cameroon , has seen breast glands that were destroyed . She also saw one case of cancer , though she says it could n't be established whether the ironing caused or only exacerbated the cancer . "  One mother came with secondary burns because the stone she was using to do this breast ironing burned her , " Tchana says . One of Tchana 's patients is a 23-year-old whose scars are still painful 14 years after her breasts were ironed . She has joined the effort to confront mothers about the effects of their actions . The challenge for all those trying to stop the practice is reaching parents like Techu in villages before a ritual that they say is motivated by love shatters more lives . CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report .	1 in 4 girls in Cameroon are affected , a study found All of the more than 200 ethnic groups use the practice The U.S. State Department assails the practice Charities want to show mothers in Cameroon that sex education , not the ironing , is the solution
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama said he would n't pat himself on the back for his first year in office , but said Wednesday he showed he can make tough decisions that were unpopular . In a year-end interview with PBS , Obama said he was "  entirely dissatisfied " with the high unemployment rate still facing Americans as the economic recession ends . "  I do n't pat myself on the back , " Obama said . But his administration deserved credit for making good decisions on major problems it inherited , including the recession , wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and other issues , he said . Without specifying any issue , Obama said he demonstrated that his administration was willing to face tough decisions . "  I think I 've shown this year that I can make hard decisions , even when they 're not popular , " the president said . Last month , Obama decided to send an additional 30,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan to bolster the counterinsurgency strategy favored by military commanders on the ground . The move was criticized by some fellow Democrats and favored by most Republicans . Obama also moved forward on plans to shut the Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , detention facility and bring some suspected terrorists held there to a U.S. prison in Illinois . The plan has been heavily criticized by Republicans . In addition , the president made health care reform his domestic priority for 2009 and endorsed sweeping provisions contained in a bill passed by the House and on the verge of final passage by the Senate . Republican opposition to the health care legislation has been almost unanimous , and concessions made during the Senate debate have caused some Democrats to question the value of the measure scheduled for a final vote on Thursday . Obama rejected criticism from some liberals that a final bill would be too watered down , saying in the PBS interview that the bill delivered most of the benefits he listed when the debate began back in January . "  This notion that somehow this health care bill that 's emerging should be grudgingly accepted by Democrats as half a loaf " is wrong , Obama said . "  This is 95 percent of the loaf . "	President Obama looks back on first year in office He says he 's not satisfied with high unemployment "  I do n't pat myself on the back , " Obama says But , he says , "  I can make hard decisions , even when they 're not popular "
CNN  -- Police in Spain and Morocco arrested seven suspected Islamist militants who recruited and sent fighters for al Qaeda terrorist organizations in Syria and Mali , Spain 's Interior Ministry said Friday . The suspects include a Spaniard and two Frenchmen who were arrested in the Spanish enclave of Melilla on Morocco 's north coast , a Tunisian arrested in the city of Malaga on the Spanish mainland and three Moroccans detained in Morocco , the ministry said . A ministry statement said it was , to date , "  the most important " breaking of a cell said to be involved in sending Islamic militant fighters to Syria . The alleged ringleader of the cell , a Spaniard living in Melilla , Mustafa Maya Amaya , was detained . He had met in his home with two French citizens who were preparing to go to Syria to fight with al Qaeda-linked forces . They were also arrested and identified as Paul Cadic and Farik Cheikh , the ministry said . The movement of fighters from Europe and North Africa to war zones such as Syria , and their eventual return to potentially carry out terrorist attacks , has been a prime concern for authorities battling terrorism . Some suspects arrested in the latest operation had in fact returned home after going to conflict zones like Syria , the Interior Ministry said . In January , a suspected Islamist militant returning to Europe from the war in Syria was arrested at the Malaga airport in southern Spain as a potential "  threat to national security , " the Interior Ministry said in a statement at the time . In the latest arrests , the cell is said to have used the Internet to recruit fighters for the Jabhat al-Nusra front , described as an active al Qaeda group in and around Syria , and for the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb . The cell 's activities affected Spain , Morocco , Belgium , France , Tunisia , Turkey , Libya , Mali , Indonesia and Syria , the statement said . Police began investigating the cell in 2010 and eventually had the support of the United States FBI , Spain 's national intelligence service and Moroccan police , the ministry said . The three suspects arrested in Morocco were identified as Tarik Ahnin , Soufian el Moumni and Mohamed Karraz . In Malaga , a Tunisian man accused of forging documents for the group was arrested and identified as Chafik Jalel Ben Amara Elmedjeri . He had been arrested in 2006 for alleged membership in a terrorist group , the ministry said . Police searched various homes in Melilla , Malaga and Morocco and were expected to seek international arrest warrants for other members of this cell who are in other countries , the ministry said . On Tuesday , Spain marked the 10th anniversary of the Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 . The Spanish courts convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the bombings on morning commuter trains , along with four Spaniards who trafficked in explosives used in the attacks . A further seven key Islamist suspects blew themselves up three weeks after the train attacks as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb . Spain has arrested 472 suspected Islamic militants since the train bombings on March 11 , 2004 . There are more than 1,800 police and security officials dedicated to fighting terrorism , far more than at the time of the attacks , Interior Minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz said this week . Spain is on a level two anti-terrorist alert , unchanged since 2009 , on a scale of four terrorist prevention levels . Level two signifies a "  probable risk " of another attack , the Interior Ministry said . Suspected militant returning from war in Syria arrested in Spain 2013 : Suspected leader of Islamic militant cell arrested in Spain 2013 : Spain arrests eight suspects linked to al Qaeda	Three were arrested in the Spanish enclave of Melilla Three others were arrested in Morocco One was arrested in the city of Malaga on the Spanish mainland
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Swinging high in the air , a newly cleaned portable toilet is hoisted by crane to the nosebleed section of Orlando 's new Events Center . The Sharps say they live by the motto , "  The money that 's made in the company ... stays in the company . " The arena is the future home of the NBA 's Orlando Magic . It will seat more than 18,000 fans when it opens next year . The only seats John Sharp Jr. is concerned about , though , are the ones in the 42 portable toilets he placed on this job site . When you work five stories high , a nearby toilet can be your best friend . But for Sharp 's company , Comfort House , business is n't exactly , um , flowing like it did before the recession . "  We had 98 percent of our inventory out , with strong healthy prices , " he told CNN . "  With the boom in the production homes , that 's what kept us busy . " The arena is one of the biggest projects in Florida with more than 400 construction workers on site . But the decline in construction , which was 95 percent of Comfort House 's business , hit the company hard . It 's been forced to lay off about a third of its staff , including some long-time employees . Hours have been cut back as well . Now a sea of toilets sits unrented on the company 's property . But it 's not a sign of desperation , Sharp said . "  We did n't take on a large amount of debt . We paid cash for our assets , " he said . The company owns its property outright , including all its portable toilets , vehicles and equipment . That 's part of the business model Sharp said his parents taught him , and it 's helped this family business survive and ward off bottom feeders who see the toilets sitting unused and think he 's desperate to be bought out at a fraction of the cost . "  Had we spent outside our means , had we grown and leveraged everything , financed everything , we 'd be in a really tough situation , " he said . "  Good business model : Storing money , saving money when you make money ... keeping things simple . " Watch Sharp discuss the recession 's effect on his business " Comfort House is a third-generation family business that started in the late 1960s . John Sharp Sr. , the family patriarch , said he 's acquired considerable wisdom from the three previous recessions that he and his company have survived . "  My boat is a 12-foot johnboat we use for duck hunting , and that 's my yacht , and that 's pretty much the extent of my extravagance , " he told CNN . "  So we kind of live by that motto that the money that 's made in the company kinda stays in the company , " he said . But every company has its breaking point , and even with sound business principles and mechanics , the Sharps say , it 's hard to tell how long they can last . This recession is by far the worst that the elder Sharp has seen . "  You do n't know when it 's gon na end , " he explained . "  If you could tell me it 's gon na end in six months , I could say , ` OK , here 's my business plan , ' but our business plan is that this could go on for another year or two , " he said . In many ways his son is getting a real-world crash course in "  Recession 101 . " "  It 's been a great learning lesson for me ... I 'm very fortunate ... because this will carry me , hopefully , for the next 30 years plus , " he said . And while the Sharps are involved in a business that smells like anything but roses , John Sharp Jr. says as long as his toilets stay rented , they all smell like money . CNN 's John Zarrella contributed to this report .	Portable toilet business hit hard by recession , decline in construction Florida-based family firm forced to lay off about a third of its staff , cut hours Company owns its property outright , including all of its portable toilets , vehicles Business model has helped company survive and ward off would-be buyers
CNN Student News  -- June 2 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Libya • Kennedy Space Center • Charlotte , North Carolina Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz and this is CNN Student News ! It 's June 2nd . And in our penultimate program of the school year , we 're starting things off on Wall Street . First Up : Headlines AZUZ : Talking about the stock market , and yesterday was not a good one . Experts use the Dow Jones Industrial Average to get an idea of how the whole market is doing . The Dow dropped 280 points yesterday . That is the worst drop since last August . Next up today , northern Africa , where Libyan Leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces are fighting against rebels in a civil war . Other countries are involved in this , too . The U.S. , Britain , France : They 're part of a military coalition that 's being led by NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization . The goal of that coalition is to protect Libya 's civilians during this civil war , and NATO says it 's extending that mission for another 90 days . A lot of what the coalition 's been doing is carrying out air strikes , like these . They 're targeting Colonel Gadhafi 's forces , his compounds , and trying to limit his military resources . The conflict in Libya has been going on since February . Recently , several top officials have left Gadhafi 's government . That includes some generals in the Libyan army . One official who left the government yesterday said that it 's in shambles . Debt Ceiling Debate AZUZ : Turning to the U.S. government now , where a big topic on Capitol Hill is the country 's debt ceiling . That is the amount of debt that the government is allowed to have . President Obama wants the ceiling raised . Republicans in Congress say they wo n't do that unless the government makes some cuts in spending . In fact , on Tuesday , the U.S. House of Representatives voted against the idea of raising the debt ceiling without making spending cuts . Christine Romans is here to help us get a better picture of what 's going on . Christine , let 's start off with the question , what exactly is the debt ceiling ? BEGIN VIDEO CHRISTINE ROMANS , CNN BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT AND ANCHOR : It 's basically America 's credit limit . Congress sets the cap on how much money the country can spend to pay its bills and to pay our interest payments . The debt ceiling is sort of like the credit limit on your credit card bill , only much , much bigger . And think of it this way : if you 're running a $ 3,000 balance on a $ 10,000 credit limit , the U.S. government , we run right up to our credit limit over and over again . And instead of paying it off , we just raise the debt limit . How big is this pile of debt ? $ 14.3 trillion . More precisely , $ 14,293,975,000,000 . This is money the government has already spent . Stacked on top of each other -- this is just to give you an illustration -- $ 14 trillion would reach from the Earth to the moon more than four times . Your share of this pile of debt : about $ 47,000 for every man , woman and child in America . We hit our debt ceiling , the debt limit , on May 16th . How are we operating now ? The treasury secretary is juggling the bills that are coming in to keep the country from defaulting . He says we can go until August 2nd . After that , the situation , he says , is critical . Secretary Geithner says not raising the debt limit so America can pay its bills would be "  catastrophic . " It 's like being , he says , a homeowner with only enough money to pay some of the bills . You either pay the mortgage or you pay the credit card bills . Which one are you going to pick ? The government would like to pick and choose , would have to pick and choose what to pay . Geithner says some bills wo n't get paid . Checks to millions of Americans , like Social Security , perhaps , would have to stop . Republicans say he 's wrong . The U.S. wo n't default so long as we keep making interest payments on our bonds . All of it , a big political debate now . But here you go , you guys : Congress has raised the debt ceiling 74 times since 1962 ; 10 times just since 2001 . This is the first time it 's been so critical politically and turned into such a big ideological fight . For more information and complete coverage of the debt ceiling debate , you can check out more at CNNMoney.com . END VIDEO Political Check AZUZ : Thank you , Christine . November 6 , 2012 might sound like a ways away , but some people are working toward something that 's going to happen on that day : the U.S. presidential election . Campaign season is here , and before we head off for the summer , we want to give you an idea of where things stand . On the Democratic side , President Obama has announced that he 's running for another term in office . But whom will he be running against ? That will get decided through primary elections . Those start happening once we get to 2012 , and several Republicans have announced their candidacy . That includes former CEO and talk show host Herman Cain , former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich , U.S. Representative Ron Paul and former governors Gary Johnson and Tim Pawlenty . Another name you might know -- former governor Mitt Romney - is expected to announce his candidacy today . Some other big names have already said they wo n't be running , and there 's always the possibility that more candidates will join the field . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Shimasaki 's social studies classes at Valley High School in Santa Ana , California . What do these signal flags mean ? You know what to do . Is it : A  Diver down , B  Stop immediately , C  Hurricane warning or D  Man overboard ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! This double flag is the signal for a hurricane warning . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Hurricane Season AZUZ : Hurricane season is on ! In the Atlantic Ocean , it lasts from June through November . That 's not the only time hurricanes can form , it 's just the time when they 're most likely to form . Forecasters who make predictions about how many hurricanes might form say this year is likely to be an above-average season . The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , or NOAA , is predicting 12 to 18 named storms . It expects six to 10 of those to become hurricanes , with three to six strengthening into major hurricanes . Last year , zero hurricanes made landfall in the U.S. , but experts say it 's always important to be prepared . Shuttle Program AZUZ : Coming in for a final landing : the space shuttle Endeavour touched down at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida early Wednesday morning . It was the shuttle 's 25th and last mission . And this is the crew that did it : Endeavour 's astronauts , led by shuttle commander Mark Kelly , who said it was sad to see Endeavour land for the last time . As that ship heads into retirement , this is the one that will close out NASA 's space shuttle program : Atlantis , waiting on the launch pad , scheduled to go up on July 8th in the last shuttle mission . Profits into Food AZUZ : In Charlotte , North Carolina , there 's a restaurant that works on a kind of "  pay it forward " concept . When you buy a meal there , you 're also paying to help feed other people who are in need . Tom Foreman looks at the ingredients that make up this unique story . BEGIN VIDEO TOM FOREMAN , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : In busy downtown Charlotte , by lunchtime folks have built up an appetite . So at the King 's Kitchen Restaurant , that 's when the real building begins , because Chef Jim Noble 's goal every day is to help his diners help their community . CHEF JIM NOBLE , KING 'S KITCHEN : And I think everybody wants to help . They just do n't know how . FOREMAN : Noble is one of the state 's most renowned chefs and deeply religious . So , he opened the King 's Kitchen a year and a half ago as a non-profit restaurant . The money made here goes to programs that feed the poor throughout the community . Last year , $ 50,000 . Mindful of recessionary pitfalls that could derail this effort , the chef started by raising enough donations to open without any loans . NOBLE : This is not the best time in the world to get in debt in a restaurant , you know . So , we wanted to do this debt-free . Number five . And what does that say ? FOREMAN : The restaurant also offers job training for jobless people , folks such as Philip Lewis , who joined the program less than two months ago when he heard about it at church . PHILIP LEWIS , KING 'S KITCHEN : I 've got more than I 've asked for here . Faith , finances , everything I needed this place has given me . It 's a life-changing place . No matter where you are in your life , it will bring something positive to it that was n't there before . FOREMAN : Sure , this non-profit restaurant competes with Chef Noble 's for-profit places , but he has faith there is room for all . NOBLE : Sometimes in life , you have to make a distinction between success and significance . FOREMAN : And for him , the significance lies in knowing every plate that goes out of the kitchen here means poor people are being fed all over town . Tom Foreman , CNN , Charlotte , North Carolina . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , when the weather 's not fit for man nor beast , I guess you could send this out . It 's called the Big Dog . And it 's an all-terrain robot that can run , climb and carry heavy loads . It 's also designed to absorb shock . The guy 's not being mean ; he 's just showing off the Big Dog 's stability . It handled the kick all right . Maybe not quite so stable on the ice . Someone could invent artificial little creatures that attack the Big Dog . Goodbye AZUZ : I guess you 'd have to call them robo-ticks . But that 's a tail for another day . Just one more show to go . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Explore the significance of the U.S. reaching its debt ceiling Take stock of the field for the 2012 U.S. presidential election Visit a restaurant that aims to help community members in need Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- An extradition hearing is expected in Spain this week for one of two pilots arrested recently on charges they participated in "  death flights " in which more than 1,000 prisoners were thrown out of planes during Argentina 's "  dirty war " in the 1970s and 1980s , officials said . Hebe de Bonafini , left , and members of Madres de Plaza de Mayo hold a demonstration in 2006 . Former Navy Lt. Julio Alberto Poch , who has been held in Spain without bail since his arrest in Valencia in late September , will have a hearing before a high court in Madrid , a judge in Valencia ruled . An Argentine judge has asked that Poch be sent back to face long-standing charges from the 1976-83 right-wing dictatorship . In Argentina , police arrested former Navy Capt. Emir Sisul Hess last week in the town of Bariloche , near the border with Chile . An initial hearing for Sisul Hess was held Friday , federal court official Cecilia Brizzio told CNN . Poch and Sisul Hess are accused of piloting aircraft from which drugged and blindfolded prisoners were hurled to their deaths in the Atlantic Ocean or the Rio Plata . The prisoners included students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who had run afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views . Most were dragged off the street or otherwise summarily arrested and held without trial in secret prisons where many were tortured . Sisul Hess , accused in more than 900 deaths , has denied the allegations , said Argentina 's government-run Telam news agency . According to Telam , both men were arrested after they told colleagues or friends about their alleged involvement . Up to 30,000 people disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the dictatorship . Argentine human rights activist Hebe de Bonafini , who lost two sons and a daughter-in-law in the "  dirty war , " said Monday she found no joy in the arrests . "  You can never take back the horror , " she said . "  In no way am I happy . " Bonafini is president of the Association of the Mothers of the Plaza de Mayo , a group of mothers whose children disappeared during the war . She urged the government to continue looking for war crime suspects . Speaking of the pilots , she said , "  There are several . They are not the only ones . " Poch , a commercial pilot for the Dutch airline Transavia.com , was arrested September 23 when his flight made a stopover in Valencia , Telam said . He was wanted on an international arrest warrant . Poch had been a navy pilot from 1976 until late 1980 , Telam said . Upon leaving the navy , he moved to Holland and had been living there ever since . Argentine federal Judge Sergio Gabriel Torres is pursuing the extradition of Poch and handling the arrest of Sisul Hess . Torres traveled to Holland to question Poch 's colleagues and others , Telam said . An aviator told Torres that Poch had said at a restaurant in Indonesia in December 2003 that there were occasions in which people were thrown out of helicopters and airplanes because the armed forces were dealing with "  terrorists , " Telam said . The aviator , identified as Tim Eisso Weert , told the judge that Poch said it was a humane way to execute people because they were drugged , the government news agency reported . A co-pilot told the judge that Poch had said they "  should have killed all " the subversives , Telam reported , and that he admitted "  some responsibility " because "  when you fly persons on board the responsibility lies with the pilot . " Sisul Hess is similarly said to have implicated himself , telling friends that the prisoners "  did not suffer because they were drugged , falling like little ants , " Telam said . Sisul Hess served as a helicopter pilot in 1976-77 and retired as a captain in 1991 , the news agency said . He was arrested September 29 and transferred to Buenos Aires , Argentina 's capital . Judge Torres was not available Monday to take three phone calls from CNN , aides said . Nor were any documents on the cases available , the aides said . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report	Former Navy Lt. Julio Alberto Poch faces charges from the 1976-83 dictatorship In Argentina , police arrested former Navy Capt. Emir Sisul Hess last week Pair accused of piloting aircraft from which prisoners were thrown to their deaths Prisoners include those who had run afoul of the dictatorship over political views
CNN  Some recent visitors to Disneyland left the fabled theme park with a souvenir they wo n't soon forget : measles . Public health officials in California and Utah confirmed nine cases Wednesday , all of them visitors of either Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim between December 15 and December 20 . The California Department of Public Health said it suspects an additional three cases but had not yet confirmed those diagnoses . According to the CDC , measles is respiratory disease caused by a virus and spread through the air . It was considered eradicated in the United States in 2000 , though 2014 saw a record-breaking number of confirmed cases : 610 according to the Centers for Disease Control , "  the highest number of cases since measles elimination was documented in the U.S. in 2000 , " the CDC says on its website . Nevertheless , California health officials speculate that since Disneyland attracts visitors from around the world -- including places where the highly contagious disease is prevalent -- that was likely the case here . "  Travelers to areas where measles is endemic can bring measles back to the U.S. , resulting in limited domestic transmission of measles , " read a statement from California Department of Public Health . "  Disney and other theme parks in California are international attractions and visitors come from many parts of the world , including those where measles is endemic . " Dr. Pamela Hymel , Disney 's chief medical officer , issued a brief statement : "  We are working with the health department to provide any information and assistance we can . " As for symptoms , "  measles starts with a fever , runny nose , cough , red eyes and sore throat , " according to the CDC . Those showing such symptoms should n't be bashful about seeing their doctor , because a full body rash is likely to break out next . "  If you have symptoms , and believe you may have been exposed , please contact your health care provider , " said Dr. Ron Chapman , California 's state health office . Chapman says prevention is the key : "  The best way to prevent measles and its spread is to get vaccinated . " 5 things to know about measles	Nine visitors to Disneyland or Disney California Adventure Park have been infected with measles The people with measles hail from California and Utah They visited the theme park between December 15 and December 20
Washington  CNN  -- Bill Cosby sits in the shade of his own shadow , a large mural painted in his likeness on the wall outside Ben 's Chili Bowl in Washington D.C. Cosby 's still got a sharp mind and a sharper sense of humor , but he 's starting to show his age : It 's hot outside , and despite the sticky August weather , Cosby is wearing white socks with his brown leather sandals . The 76-year-old comedy legend has been visiting the D.C. eating establishment since 1958 and is perhaps its most famous patron -- so when the restaurant decided to celebrate its 50th anniversary , it was fitting that Cosby hosted the festivities . Today the restaurant turns 55 , so it 's no surprise he 's back . Before Cosby takes the stage , though , local politicos step into the spotlight and celebrate in the way politicos do -- promising resolutions and issuing declarations and proclamations . A highlight was a letter read aloud from President and Mrs. Obama , who promise to return for a spicy meal soon . But before Ben 's Chili Bowl received the keys to the city , before the president took his first bite of a chili dog , and before Cosby put Ben and his family on the map , Ben 's Chili Bowl was a humble food joint founded by an immigrant from Trinidad and his young wife . Trading mops for menus Ben Ali had moved to America for college and according to his wife , Virginia , had worked his way through school climbing the restaurant ladder -- eventually trading mops for menus as he transitioned from cleaner to maitre d' . After several years in the business , he decided to try his hand at owning a restaurant instead of just working in one . He and his wife settled on the U Street location , taking over an old pool hall and transforming it into what it is today -- the landmark Chili Bowl . "  If you were going to open a restaurant in Washington and you were African American in those days , there was one place to really go , and that was this very vibrant community right here , " on U Street , says 79-year-old Virginia , sitting in the back room of the restaurant beneath a painting of her late husband . In the late 50s and 60s , U Street was fondly known as "  Black Broadway " due to the jazz clubs , theatres and African-American owned business found on the street . MLK and Duke Ellington According to the restaurant 's website , "  it was not uncommon to see such luminaries as Duke Ellington , Miles Davis , Ella Fitzgerald , Cab Calloway , Nat King Cole , Redd Foxx , Dick Gregory , -LSB- or -RSB- Martin Luther King Jr. " at the restaurant . "  We 've always treated all people the same so it does n't matter if you are the president or MLK or if you are just the guy from the corner , " says Virginia . "  We like the diversity that we have here . We just kind of try to provide a family atmosphere because we believe so much in family . " Cosby , too , frequented during his time in the Navy and even brought his now-wife Camille on dates . According to Virginia , Cosby was always a gentleman and was always funny . "  He was n't famous , but he was always funny . He was just great fun to be around , " says Virginia . "  He 's been coming since '59 and he 's been the most ardent and faithful supporter all these years . As he grew , he kind of took the chili bowl along with him . " According to Virginia , when Cosby 's show was rated No. 1 for five years , NBC asked him to do a press conference in Washington . After agreeing , he was asked where he 'd like to do it . "  Bill could have done it at the White House , but he said at Ben 's , " said Virginia . "  And it was n't a great neighborhood then ... because after the riots of 1968 many middle class African Americans moved away , businesses that were looted and burned and never reopened . " The turbulent '60s Following the assassination of King , riots caused many businesses to close due to curfew restrictions placed in D.C. Ben 's Chili Bowl should have been one of them , but civil rights activist Stokley Carmichael would n't hear of it -- he convinced local authorities to keep Ben 's open past the street 's evening curfew , one of the only establishments in the area to be able to do so . Despite the curfew , though , the restaurant still faced threats in the streets and the owners worried about the safety of their workers . "  We took some crayon and wrote on the window ` Soul Brother ' to identify the business as an African American business , " explains Virginia , who adds that the restaurant was fortunately spared from destruction . Following that turbulent period , the African American middle class moved to the suburbs , causing the neighborhood to deteriorate and ultimately inviting the drug dealers to the street corners . Virginia explains that it was a difficult time , but the restaurant 's troubles did n't end there . In the 80s , the construction of the Metro 's Green Line closed every store on the street . Ben 's stayed open , though , fighting through the boarded up buildings and thin customer base . They survived by employing one person at that time and eventually catering to the construction workers . Mean something to the city On the restaurant 's 40th anniversary , Virginia and her husband were in Trinidad when their son called them and told them they were going to host a small celebration . He later called them back , urging them to return to the United States because the party was going to be "  a little bigger " than he had planned . When Virginia and her husband arrived , they were blown away by the sheer amount of television crews and people who had shown up in support . "  What was really profound for me was that people came from this city , from this community , and stood in line for hours just to come in and buy a hotdog , " says Virginia . "  I just felt , wow , this is Washington , this is our community . Maybe we really mean something to this neighborhood . Maybe we really mean something to the folks of this city . "	Comedy legend has been frequenting Ben 's since the late 1950s The restaurant has seen it all in its 55 years -- good times and bad President Obama on list of luminaries past and present who 've eaten at Ben 's
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Israeli rescuers pulled a 22-year-old man from the ruins of a three-story building on Friday , 10 days after the massive earthquake killed tens of thousands of people . The man , who was not immediately identified , was rescued near the quake-ravaged presidential residence south of the capital , according to the Israel Defense Forces . Maj. Zohar Moshe said American and French doctors asked for the Israeli team 's assistance after trying to rescue the trapped man themselves . The rescuers "  were able to release him whole and healthy " and take him to an IDF field hospital in stable condition for further treatment , " he said . Rescuers continue efforts to find survivors who have defied the odds , including a 7-year-old boy and 11-year-old girl who were found Tuesday . Another 5-year-old boy , Monley , was pulled alive from rubble nearly eight days after the 7.0-magnitude quake had leveled much of Port-au-Prince . More than 121 people have been pulled alive from the rubble , the United Nations said this week . Fires are expected to flare up in the quake 's aftermath , from broken mains and other damage . A massive blaze consumed a textile factory in Port-au-Prince Friday night as U.N. workers tried to contain the flames and spare nearby buildings . The cause of the fire was not immediately known . Meanwhile , aftershocks from the 7.0-magnitude quake have become a way of life for people here as they spend their days searching for food , water and shelter . Haitians brace for each aftershock as they wait for supplies and sustenance to reach them . More than $ 355 million in donations in the United States alone has been raised for the relief effort , but stacks of aid -- baby formula , pain medication , antibiotics and other much-needed supplies -- are sitting on the tarmac and in warehouses at the airport in Port-au-Prince , the capital . What is reaching the hands of survivors is getting there at a snail 's pace . "  It 's a shame , because you would hope that everything could get out there within seconds , " Air Force Col. Ben McMullen told CNN 's chief medical correspondent , Sanjay Gupta , at the airport . "  But that kind of infrastructure just is n't in place . " Full coverage | Twitter updates Each new aftershock -- smaller earthquakes that follow a more powerful one -- slows down the relief effort even further . Friday morning 's 4.4-magnitude quake was much less powerful than the 7.0-magnitude one that struck January 12 , leaving widespread death and destruction in its wake . A 5.9-magnitude earthquake Wednesday was the strongest aftershock of the week -- enough to cause considerable damage , the U.S. Geological Survey said , though the extent of damage that any earthquake causes depends on factors such as its depth , its proximity to dense population centers and the strength of structures where it hits . An American adoption service provider in Haiti wrote in a blog that the aftershock Wednesday sent "  a wall tumbling down on our heads . " Save the Children said its staff "  heard already-weakened structures collapsing " as a result . Still , the 7.0-magnitude quake was more than 40 times stronger than the 5.9-magnitude aftershock , researchers said . The death toll is estimated at 200,000 , according to the European Union , whose commissioner for development and humanitarian aid , Karel De Gucht , got a firsthand view of the situation in Port-au-Prince this week . About 250,000 people are in urgent need of aid and another 3 million have been affected , the EU reported . Despite all the obstacles , some progress was made Friday . The city 's south pier was operating , though slowly . Authorities pushed Friday to get operations moving faster at the port . The north pier remained unusable , and the south pier is the smaller of the two . In addition to the aftershocks , bottlenecks at all points of entry -- the airport , roads and ports -- have delayed food and medical aid to the estimated 3 million Haitians affected by the quake . Canadian troops have been working to open an airport in Jacmel , a seaside town about 8 miles from Port-au-Prince . About 120 to 140 flights a day were coming into the single-runway Port-au-Prince airport , compared with 25 a day just after the quake struck last week . But there was still a long list of flights waiting to come in , Lt. Gen. Douglas Fraser of the U.S. Southern Command said Thursday . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? To improve air traffic , the U.S. military said Wednesday it had obtained landing rights at the Dominican Republic 's air base at San Isidro , about 220 kilometers  135 miles  east of Port-au-Prince . Dominican troops will start patrolling a critical corridor between Jimani and Port-au-Prince , the United Nations said . The patrol should speed the delivery aid into Haiti , it said . In the meantime , working under adverse conditions with limited supplies , medical teams have been forced to improvise . Renzo Fricke , field coordinator for Doctors Without Borders , said this week staffers had to buy a saw in the market so surgeons could do amputations . A CNN crew loaned a medic a pocketknife for another operation . Lacking rubbing alcohol , doctors have used vodka to sterilize equipment and instruments . Surgical patients are receiving over-the-counter pain medicine because doctors lack stronger medication . One nurse used a string of Christmas lights as a makeshift extension cord . The USNS Comfort , a U.S. naval hospital off the coast , received about 240 patients over 36 hours , said Capt. James Ware , the commanding officer . "  Most of those individuals are critical care types of injuries , " he told CNN 's "  American Morning . " Virtually all are being brought to the ship by air . The ship has 80 doctors , including 24 surgeons , and 140 nurses , he said . "  I think when we 're totally mature , which will be in the next two to three days , we believe that we 'll be able to push about 150 patients through to the ship and off the ship every day for surgical care , and the government of Haiti is giving us guidance exactly on where those patients will receive their follow-on care , " he said , adding that officials hope the international community and the United Nations will oversee that process . More than 300 aid distribution sites are up and running , a senior U.S. administration official said . More than 700,000 meals and 1.4 million bottles of water have been delivered , along with 22,000 pounds of medical supplies , Fraser said . Impact Your World Puerto Rico 's 250-feet long , 80-feet wide Barge of Hope -- loaded five pallets high with food and water , medical supplies , generators and sundries -- set sail Friday afternoon . Puerto Rican authorities say that when it arrives in Haiti on Monday morning , it will be the single largest shipment of aid to arrive there to date . The roughly 4 million pounds of food are enough to feed the people of Port-au-Prince for a week . Organizers say it would take 150 planes to carry as much cargo . A group of rescuers told CNN Friday that each rescue gives them hope to keep working . "  Every time we find a live victim that 's the energy that keeps us going to the next day , " said Capt. Louis Fernandez of Miami-Dade Urban Search and Rescue . "  These are some of the harshest conditions I 've ever seen , " he said , adding , "  Nothing has ever prepared us for what we 've seen here this week . " At least 9,288 Americans and some of their family members in Haiti have been evacuated , according to the U.S. State Department , though the whereabouts of nearly 5,000 other Americans remain unknown . Some 75 others from the United States -- including five government officials -- are either confirmed or presumed dead . CNN 's Arthur Brice , Susan Candiotti , Jill Dougherty , Eric Marrapodi , Lisa Desjardins and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Man rescued near the quake-ravaged presidential residence south of the capital NEW : Massive blaze consumes a textile factory in Port-au-Prince Friday night A 4.4 aftershock rattles Port-au-Prince Thursday , following worse one Wednesday Supplies pile up at airport but no distribution system seems to exist , Sanjay Gupta reports
CNN  -- The new iPad may be a hot item in more ways than one . In the five days since the popular tablet went on sale , Apple comment boards have filled with anecdotal reports from owners who say the back of the device grows uncomfortably warm to the touch , especially in the bottom left-hand corner when held in portrait mode . "  Both my wife and I upgraded from iPad 1 to the new iPad , " wrote a user named dhcwh on Apple 's site . "  Not happy about the uncomfortable warmth of the new iDud . Not hot , just annoyingly warm . Seriously considering returning both . " "  Mine is also getting pretty hot , " said another user , malageno , who bought a 32-gigabyte Wi-Fi model . "  It 's not too hot to hold yet , but it seems to be getting hotter the more it 's on . " A user named Limitin added , "  My new iPad is also overheating , bottom left like everyone else . The screen is great , but the heat is near unbearable at times and makes my hands sweaty while holding it . " Research by Consumer Reports appears to bear this out . Using a thermal-imaging camera , Consumer Reports engineers recorded temperatures as high as 116 degrees Fahrenheit -- up to 13 degrees higher than the iPad 2 -- on the new iPad while playing a video game , "  Infinity Blade II . " In a preliminary review last week , Consumer Reports had said the new iPad "  is shaping up to be the best tablet we 've ever tested . " Many owners of the third-generation iPad have reported no problems , however . And the issue does n't seem to have cooled interest in the tablet , which features a sharper screen and a more powerful processor than previous iPads . Apple announced Monday it has already sold more than 3 million of the new devices . In a statement Tuesday , Apple said , "  The new iPad delivers a stunning Retina display , A5X chip , support for 4G LTE plus 10 hours of battery life , all while operating well within our thermal specifications . If customers have any concerns they should contact AppleCare . " In its tech specs for the iPad , Apple says the device is not meant to be operated in temperatures greater than 95 degrees Fahrenheit . Some observers , including an unnamed Apple store employee in suburban Los Angeles , have attributed the warmth to the iPad 's new battery , which is larger than in previous models . Others blame the device 's larger graphics chip , which helps it run video games . Some iPad owners said they returned their devices to Apple stores and exchanged them for new ones . Others said the problem went away after they drained the iPad battery completely and then recharged it . Still others suggested reports of the problem were overblown . "  Personally I think a lot of people are blowing the heat problem ... out of proportion , " a user named DaveBLondon said . "  Yes it gets hot , but is it too hot that it will burn you ? No . " Another user , jimpal , said , "  Yes , it 's warmer than the previous iPads . But , what would anyone expect with so much going on in there ? It has spectacular graphics , is faster , and has a huge battery . Any form of computer runs hotter when it is doing more . " It 's not the first time consumers have grumbled about Apple products overheating , especially when used in direct sunlight . Scattered similar complaints surfaced about the original iPad and the iPad 2 , which did little to dent their popularity . Apple has sold more than 55 million iPads since the device went on sale in April 2010 .	Some owners of the new iPad complain the device becomes uncomfortably hot during use Consumer Reports tests show temperatures as high as 116 degrees Fahrenheit while running video game Apple : "  The new iPad  operates  well within our thermal specifications "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Civilian casualties resulting from Afghanistan 's war have spiked , jumping some 24 percent above figures from last year , the United Nations reported Friday . An Afghan child allegedly hurt during a U.S.-led air strike earlier this year . The Human Rights Unit of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan announced it recorded 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during the first six months of this year . That compares to 818 Afghan civilians who were killed during the same period in 2008 , while 684 civilians were killed during the first half of 2007 . Insurgent roadside bombs and suicide attacks , as well as air strikes conducted by U.S. and NATO forces , are the two deadliest tactics being used in Afghanistan . Fifty-nine percent of this year 's civilian casualties resulted from insurgent bombs . Western military airstrikes killed 30.5 percent of the civilians . The report concluded that Taliban insurgents are "  basing themselves in civilian areas so as to deliberately blur the distinction between combatants and civilians , and as part of what appears to be an active policy aimed at drawing a military response to areas where there is a high likelihood that civilians will be killed . " The UN highlighted a pattern of deadly Taliban attacks , targeting humanitarian workers , government employees , medical and educational staff ... and in particular , girls ' schools . Meanwhile , the UN noted that NATO forces have redrafted their tactical directives , in an effort to reduce civilian casualties . Despite the creation last year of a military commission to track civilian deaths , Western airstrikes "  remain responsible for the largest percentage of civilian deaths " attributed to foreign troops in Afghanistan . The UN stated that these civilian casualties are counterproductive for the Western military coalition , because they are "  undermining support for the continued presence of the international military forces and the international community generally . " The United States has nearly doubled the number of American forces in Afghanistan since last year . US-NATO troops have mounted on of the biggest military operations of the eight year war , in an effort to route Taliban insurgents from safe havens in Southern Afghanistan , ahead of August 20th presidential elections . The intensified military activities have contributed to making June the deadliest month for Western forces for the war . At least 44 American service members died in the conflict zone this month , in addition to some 29 Coalition forces .	Civilian casualties in Afghanistan war have spiked by 24 percent U.N. : 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during first six months of year Western military airstrikes killed 30.5 percent of the civilians
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A man suspected of shooting four Miami-Dade police officers , one fatally , after a traffic stop Thursday , remained the subject of an intense manhunt Thursday night . Police say Shawn Sherwin Labeet is being sought after the shootings . Authorities pledged to work around the clock until Shawn Sherwin Labeet is captured . Local , state and federal agencies were assisting in the search , police Cmdr. Linda O'Brien said , and a Black Hawk helicopter was being utilized . "  We are continuing to pursue all leads until we find " Labeet , said Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez . Watch a report on the manhunt " A $ 22,000 reward was offered Thursday night for information leading to Labeet 's arrest , O'Brien said . The shootings happened about 11 a.m. as the officers were on a burglary detail at a housing complex in Cutler Bay , Florida , Alvarez said . They saw a vehicle driving erratically , he said , stopped it and confronted the man police believe is Labeet . The man got out of the car and opened fire with an assault rifle , Alvarez said . "  Without any remorse , Labeet left the officers there to die and fled the scene . " The rifle used in the shooting was found at a nearby canal , but authorities say the man may have another weapon . Alvarez said the officer who died was 37 years old and survived by a wife and two young children . He had been with the department since 2003 . A second officer , 31-year-old Jody Wright , remained hospitalized Thursday night . Her father , Dennis Dalley , told reporters she had undergone surgery as doctors tried to save her leg . He said he remains hopeful they will do so , but that will require many more surgeries . Dalley said Wright has been an officer for about a year and a half . The two other officers , ages 36 and 34 , had been released from the hospital Thursday night , Alvarez told reporters . "  By the grace of God , we do n't have four officers dead , because he certainly tried his best , " he said . "  There were multiple , and I mean multiple , rounds fired at the police officers ... . That man did n't hesitate to shoot . " There was initial confusion regarding the identity of the suspect , Alvarez said , because Labeet 's girlfriend , who was apprehended at the scene of the shootings , gave authorities the wrong name . "  She purposely misled and delayed our investigation , " he said . Labeet , 25 , had stolen the identity of another man , Kevin Wehner , 30 , Alvarez said , and had been using Wehner 's name and identification . That was the name initially given to police . After Wehner 's name and picture were released to the media , the real Wehner contacted the Jacksonville , Florida , Sheriff 's Office near his home . Jacksonville authorities said Wehner had come to the sheriff 's office and been interviewed , and police were confident he was not involved and was a victim of identity theft . The girlfriend will likely face charges for providing false information , Alvarez said . Labeet has an outstanding warrant for aggravated assault from September 2002 , police said Thursday night . Meanwhile , a law enforcement source said officers are working three locations in adjacent Broward County . The suspect 's mother , brother , a woman believed to be the brother 's girlfriend and her two children were being questioned at the Broward County Sheriff 's Office , the source said . Officers also were at a grocery store warehouse where the suspect 's mother works in Deerfield Beach , Florida , and at the mother 's home in Margate , the source said . A car believed connected to Labeet was found at a Target store in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , a few hours after the shooting , police said . It was occupied by a man , woman and two children , who were being interviewed , O'Brien said . The car , a 2007 black Pontiac Vibe , was rented to Labeet 's brother , Shane Labeet , according to Kevin Meyer , a spokesman for the car rental company . Parts of the complex where the shooting occurred were evacuated . Alvarez said Thursday night he had no information on when residents might be allowed back in their homes . E-mail to a friend	NEW : $ 22,000 reward for information leading to arrest of Shawn Sherwin Labeet One officer killed , three wounded after man fires high-powered rifle at them Source says suspect 's mother , brother among people being questioned Driver was stopped after maneuvering erratically , police say
CNN  -- Unlike popular period drama "  Downton Abbey , " any chatting in "  Ripper Street " takes place after a good brawl , in a brothel or over a dead body in the morgue -- not a cup of tea . Teeth-jarring fights and the gruesome discovery of a "  ripped tart " in the shadow-filled streets of London 's East End are the first glimpses viewers have of BBC America 's new crime drama , all set to the eerie soundtrack of a grating violin . So if your favorite part of "  Downton " is anticipating the war between former co-conspirators Thomas Barrow and Sarah O'Brien or Mr. Bates ' violent side , this visceral series might be more your style . Set in 1889 , "  Ripper Street " explores the gritty aftermath of the Jack the Ripper murders in Whitechapel . The H Division police force works tirelessly to keep chaos , and even more crime , from overtaking the streets . Viewers will see the seedy side of London through three main H Division policemen , played by Matthew Macfadyen  "  Pride and Prejudice , " "  Anna Karenina "  , Jerome Flynn  "  Game of Thrones "  and Adam Rothenberg  "  Alcatraz "  . The eight-part series premieres at 9 p.m. ET Saturday on BBC America . "  Copper " : Bringing 1864 New York to life , grit and all Series creator and writer Richard Warlow  "  Mistresses "  wanted to tap into how the Jack the Ripper murders still resonate today . His goal , he said , was to show the ways the horrific crimes affected life in London , not to answer the mystery of Jack 's identity . "  I was more fascinated by the London folklore , and the idea of a very old city like ours having this extra life that these stories give it , " Warlow said . "  Real things happen and then they become embedded in the mythic strata of our city . Rather than offer any solutions , what we 're trying to show is the place where that myth first embedded itself . " He had to draw on a balance of research and his own imagination , creating a universe that feels new even for fans of Johnny Depp 's "  From Hell " or BBC 's modern-day series take , "  Whitechapel . " In another twist , Warlow did n't want to lead the series with well-known Scotland Yard Chief Inspector Frederick Abberline , often the main character in other Ripper stories . Instead , he chose the real-life boss of H Division , Inspector Edmund Reid , played by Macfadyen . "  We wanted Reid to be a different kind of copper , somebody who was affected by the work he did , but that it did n't make him maudlin . Matthew gives you great presence , but at the same time , he gives you such soul , I think . He brings a solid sense of integrity about everything that he does . " Abberline is an integral part of the Ripper story , so he 's included as a supporting character , portrayed "  beautifully " by Clive Russell as a man that has been broken by something , Warlow said . In the first episode , Reid talks about trying to move forward , and while they tried to do everything to find the Ripper , all that matters is that the murderer is gone . The Ripper is not going to own Reid 's life anymore . It is one of Warlow 's favorite scenes . "  That felt powerful , not just for Reid , but it was a broader message for the whole show -- we 're not going to get ourselves hung up on who Jack the Ripper is , but really concentrate on the streets that he influenced so much . " Immediately after the Ripper murders , sensationalism , fear and a desire for normalcy all swirled together in Whitechapel . The H Division Police Force 's efforts to contain the hysteria is evident in the characters of Reid , his right hand man , Sgt. Bennet Drake  Flynn  and Capt. Homer Jackson  Rothenberg  . Jackson is an American in the distinctly British show , playing an ex-Pinkerton detective that 's hiding in Whitechapel and living in a brothel , maintaining a contemptuous relationship at best with the madam , Long Susan . He has a taste for vice and a handy skill with early forensics as a former Army surgeon . Jackson 's character , like the others , is fraught with duality . Combined with Reid and Bennet , their conflict , friction and chemistry creates a compelling dynamic . "  He fits into the story by not fitting in , " Rothenberg said . "  In some ways , he can be a surrogate for the American audience looking at that time and place . At the same time , he represents their perception of America at the time -- he 's the wild West . " Although he ambles around Whitechapel in his brown hat and green jacket with a six-shooter strapped to his waist , it was the mustache  he would never grow one for himself  , and Warlow 's larger-than-life concept of Jackson , that made things come alive for Rothenberg . "  Richard has a way of writing that puts you right there , " he said . "  I think it 's a new voice that people have n't heard written for that time . Set design , costuming -- everything was conspiring to make you believe that 's where you were . " The crew filmed the entirety of the show in Dublin , rather than London , and Warlow gives credit to production designer Mark Geraghty and costume designer Lorna Mugan for helping create the authentic edgy atmosphere of Whitechapel . Today , there is little inspiration to be found in the office buildings that now cover the East End 's historic streets , with the exception of a stray alleyway or two , but the finished product resembles what Warlow and his team imagined . The Victorian costuming is elegant , while the streets are cramped and dirty with notorious interludes and crime to be found in every alley . "  It was an insane time , in an insane area -- an intense pressure cooker , " Rothenberg said of the era . While London has evolved immensely from that infamous time , the cloak of its history is still tangible for visitors and residents alike , Warlow said . That 's what he hopes to capture in "  Ripper Street . " "  They can get a sense of this city of ours , of London , and of all the kind of the darkness that lies behind its streets and gives the city its flavor -- the history of terrible things but rather wonderful people who have lived here throughout those times . "	"  Ripper Street " is a gritty new period drama from the BBC Unlike "  Downton Abbey , " the series focuses on London 's notorious East End Rather than guessing Jack the Ripper 's identity , it shows the hysterical aftermath
CNN  -- Everton scored twice late on and goalkeeper Tim Howard saved an injury-time penalty as they fought back to secure a 2-2 Premier League home draw with Tottenham on Sunday . Jermain Defoe gave the visitors the lead soon after the interval when nipping in front of Tony Hibbert to convert Aaron Lennon 's cross at the near post for his 13th goal of the season . And they doubled their advantage soon after when defender Michael Dawson headed home a Niko Kranjcar corner . But Everton got a foothold back in the game when Seamus Coleman 's run and cross was converted by fellow-substitute Louis Saha in the 78th minute . And Tim Cahill rescued a point for the home side with four minutes remaining when he stooped low to head home Leighton Baines ' bouncing cross . However , there was still further drama to come when Hibbert was penalized for crashing into Wilson Palacios in the area . However , England striker Defoe smashed his penalty too close to Howard and the keeper pulled off a fine save to give out-of-form Everton a morale-boosting point . The result means Tottenham remain in fourth place , behind north London rivals Arsenal , while Everton have now won just one of their last nine league games . In the day 's other match , Bobby Zamora scored the only goal of the game as Fulham beat Sunderland 1-0 to move up to eighth place in the table .	Everton recover from 2-0 behind to earn a 2-2 Premier League draw with Tottenham Jermain Defoe misses an injury time penalty to give the visitors all three points Bobby Zamora scores the only goal to give Fulham a 1-0 victory at home to Sunderland
Reno , Nevada  CNN  -- Sarah Palin warned Monday that the mainstream Republican Party must embrace the core conservative principles of the Tea Party movement or disappear . In comments to CNN at a Tea Party Express rally to kick off its fourth national tour , Palin said the Republican Party machine realizes how the Tea Party movement 's "  we the people " message has resonated on the political right , as well as with independents and moderates . The message emphasizes free market principles and individual and state powers instead of expanded federal powers . "  Heaven forbid the GOP machine strays from this message , " said the former Alaska governor and unsuccessful Republican vice presidential candidate . "  If so , the GOP is through . " Her comments , in response to the question of whether the Tea Party movement is dividing the Republican Party , showed how Palin and other Tea Party leaders are trying to galvanize the political right by bringing their supporters together with the traditional GOP structures . Tea Party-backed candidates have defeated mainstream Republican candidates , including several congressional incumbents , in several primaries across the country this year . In some cases , the Tea Party victories have harmed Republican chances for victory . For example , Palin backed Christine O'Donnell over nine-term Republican Rep. Mike Castle , a former governor , in Delaware 's GOP Senate primary . Castle was considered a likely general election winner , but the primary upset by the inexperienced and controversial O'Donnell now makes a Democratic victory likely in the November 2 vote . In her speech at Monday 's rally , Palin said the Republican Party should "  man up " and support Tea Party candidates such as O'Donnell , who has been criticized by some Republican figures , including longtime strategist Karl Rove . "  The bigwigs in the machine , they 're driving me crazy because they 're too chicken to support the Tea Party candidates , " Palin said at Monday 's rally . "  The ideas of the Tea Party movement are the American ideals that will put us back to work . " Palin to GOP : ` Man up ' She also told the crowd to support Tea Party candidates for the good of America 's future . In her comments to CNN , Palin called for Republican moderates and independents to embrace the "  time-tested truths " of "  commonsense " conservative principles , but she also noted that "  the planks in the GOP platform really are the strongest , most solid planks to build a strong economy , because it 's all about entrepreneurial spirit and equal prosperity and opportunity according to a work ethic . " Her speech Monday followed an appearance Saturday in California with Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele . The Tea Party Express tour , titled "  Liberty at the Ballot Box , " is the group 's fourth since 2009 and their last of the 2010 election cycle . Their prime tactic is to crisscross the country urging voters to oust Democrats from office and purge the Republican Party of members deemed "  RINOs , " or "  Republicans in Name Only , " considered not conservative enough . It will make 30 stops over 15 days , ending in Concord , New Hampshire , one day before the critical congressional elections . Monday 's crowd was considerably smaller than the last rally Palin kicked off for the Tea Party Express , in Searchlight , Nevada , in March . Palin has lent political star power and considerable time helping to spread the message of Tea Party movement , which includes smaller government , lower taxes , deflating a bloated federal deficit and urging lawmakers toward more faithful adherence to the Constitution . She and other supporters of the movement staunchly support Nevada GOP Senate candidate Sharron Angle in the race against the top Democrat in the Senate : Majority Leader Harry Reid . Polls show the race between the two candidates to be essentially deadlocked . Democrats continue to push their own strategy to smack back the bids of Tea Party candidates . Vice President Joe Biden will campaign for Reid in Reno on Wednesday , and President Barack Obama will appear at fundraisers on Reid 's behalf on Friday .	NEW : Palin says the Republican Party is "  through " if it strays from Tea Party principles The Tea Party Express launches its fourth nationwide tour The cross-country tour will make 30 stops in 15 days
Washington  CNN  Let 's get the news out of the way to begin with . There is n't any news on whether Mitt Romney is going to run for president again . That is n't to say there are n't those who want him to run . CNN 's Gloria Borger reports advisers are rooting for him to consider it . He 's not sold on the idea . Regardless of what goes on behind closed doors , what we do know for sure is he has said he wo n't do it . So why does he keep creeping his way into headlines and onto campaign stages ? He 's 67 , just a year older than Hillary Clinton , and he appears to continue to be in great shape . Both Romney and Clinton would be about the same age as Ronald Reagan was when he was first inaugurated . Age probably is n't an issue . Will Romney take the plunge again ? So herewith , three reasons Mitt Romney is going to run for president : 1 . He 's doing interviews with the New York Times : In a new profile published this week in the New York Times Magazine , Romney is asked about running for president again . He makes a joke about a scene in the movie "  Dumb and Dumber " when Jim Carrey , asking a woman if she 's interested in him , is told his chances are 1 in a million . "  So there 's a chance ? " Carrey 's character says in the movie . "  There 's a chance , " Romney told the New York Times , apparently while doing a Jim Carrey impression . But he did n't sound 1 in a million dismissive when he added : "  We 've got a lot of people looking at the race . We 'll see what happens . " This latest version of "  no " is a lot different than the flatter , more definitive "  nos " he was giving not too long ago . The Washington Post examined all the different ways Romney has said "  No " and discovered a softening of the resolve . 2 . He wo n't go away : Romney is n't just on the campaign trail for Republicans in 2014 , he 's on the campaign trail with regularity . He 's helping candidates large and small and he 's helping the party raise money . He 's traveling to Florida and New Jersey and he 's helping out Scott Brown in New Hampshire . These are not the activities of a man who is done with public life . This is a man who is still in demand from his party and still wants to contribute . But as Julie Pace of the Associated Press said on CNN 's "  New Day " Tuesday , it 's not clear if he 's in so demand by Republicans because he is their top star or because no one has stepped into the void in a party with no clear leader . 3 . He was right : Okay , whether he was actually right or not is and will remain the matter of some dispute , just like the campaign itself . But in the midst of a tough second term for President Barack Obama , Romney can point to issues as varied as terror , Detroit and tensions with Russia and argue that what he said on the campaign trail back in 2012 now seems prescient . How to campaign without campaigning But for every reason Romney would run , there is an equally convincing reason he wo n't . Here are four : 1 . The 47 % is still there : It was the turning point in the presidential campaign when Romney spoke the truth that about 47 % of Americans were going to vote against him no matter what . Who knows if the exact number is still 47 % , but it is about half the country . There 's no doubt Americans have some buyer 's remorse with Obama in his second term . A CNN/ORC poll in July found that 53 % of Americans would support Mitt Romney against Obama in a hypothetical match-up . Of course , Obama ca n't run again . In that same poll , 55 % would have supported Clinton over 42 % for Romney . Her numbers have settled since then , but the point remains . Romney looks good to Americans in hindsight . He might look different if he actually started running again . 2 . Running for president is hard : It 's really hard to give up your life and spend most of your time flying across the country , sleeping in hotels and fund-raising . The rest of the time you spend giving speeches and glad-handing . The Netflix documentary "  Mitt , " released earlier this year , did a good job of documenting that toll . You could see it on the exhausted face of his wife , Ann , and on the faces of his children . We 're not privy to private Romney family discussions , but you 've got to wonder if he would want to start up the family machine again . 3 . He 's run and lost twice already : In that Netflix documentary , Romney put it well . "  I have looked at what happens to anybody in this country who loses as the nominee of their party , " he says . "  They become a loser for life " and are "  brutalized " by the public . Romney has now lived that reality . A third run would be almost unprecedented . As the son of a man who ran for president and having now done it twice himself , Romney must be keenly aware of legacy . A win would instantly erase all stigma from his previous losses . A third straight loss would make his name synonymous with defeat . 4 . He 'd have a primary : Romney lost the crowded 2008 primary and won the crowded primary in 2012 . There 's no question he 'd have to win another crowded primary in 2016 . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul are all seriously considering runs . Each of those men has a compelling campaign story . Romney would have to convince Americans to choose him over one of these new guys who has n't had a chance yet . That could end up being a tough argument to make . Chris Christie builds profile as he eyes 2016 presidential run	Mitt Romney has said he wo n't run for president again But that has n't tamped down 2016 speculation For every reason he would run , there are other reasons he wo n't
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Simone Battle , an "  X Factor " finalist and G.R.L. singer , was found dead Friday in a Los Angeles home , a coroner 's spokesman said . She was 25 . A cause of death is not yet known , according to Los Angeles County Coroner Lt. David Smith . An autopsy has been scheduled for the weekend , he said . Battle 's body was discovered in her West Hollywood apartment Friday morning , Smith said . No other details have been made public . The singer was a finalist in the talent competition for Fox Television 's "  The X Factor " in the 2011 season . She was a member of the girl singing group G.R.L. , which performed last month on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " The G.R.L. Twitter account posted this message : "  Words can not express the depth of our loss . Simone 's incredible talent was only surpassed by the size of her heart . " Pussycat Dolls founder Robin Antin created G.R.L. as the "  next generation " of her original group last year . The group collaborated with Pitbull on the song "  Wild Wild Love , " which rose to 30 on Billboard 's Hot 100 this year . Pitbull tweeted his condolences Saturday : "  My heart and prayers go out to @GRLSimone : @grl and her family . RIP Dios la bendiga . " G.R.L. 's latest single was "  Ugly Heart , " released in June , according to Billboard . Battle had said that Whitney Houston "  inspired my dream to be a singer , " according to the group 's official biography on the RCA Records website . She grew up in Los Angeles , singing in a church choir , studying ballet and tap , modeling and acting in television commercials before working an internship with a company associated with the Black Eyed Peas . She studied music and songwriting at the University of Southern California before competing on "  The X Factor , " where she reached the top 16 . The highlight of her acting career was a role in "  We the Party , " a 2012 film directed by Mario Van Peebles , the bio said . People we 've lost in 2014	Cause of death is not yet known , Los Angeles County coroner spokesman says Simone Battle was a finalist in 2011 season of "  The X Factor " She was a member of the girl singing group G.R.L.
CNN  -- Aaaand ... take 2 ! Not one to give up , director Quentin Tarantino has filed an amended lawsuit against the gossip website Gawker for linking to the leaked screenplay for his next movie , "  Hateful Eight . " Last month , a federal judge dismissed his original suit , ruling that Tarantino had failed to prove that Gawker 's actions was direct copyright infringement . The judge , John F. Walter of the Central District of California , then gave Tarantino 's lawyers until Thursday to refile . And so , they did . And they 're seeking more than $ 1 million . Tarantino 's lawyers are arguing that Gawker encouraged a reader to ` leak ' a copy of the screenplay , downloaded it , and then made it available to the public by linking to it . "  Gawker has made a business of predatory journalism , violating people 's rights to make a buck , " the amended lawsuit says . "  This time they went too far . " How it all began "  Hateful Eight " is a Western that Tarantino said he was hoping to take on as his next project . It 's in the same genre as his 2012 hit "  Django Unchained , " a movie that won him an Oscar for writing and a Golden Globe for best screenplay . He told the gossip site Deadline that he 'd given the script to only six people , including actors Michael Madsen , best known as the killer in Tarantino 's "  Reservoir Dogs ; " and Tim Roth , for whom "  Reservoir Dogs " was his breakthrough role . Somehow , the script leaked . It was posted through a site that lets users anonymously upload and download files . In January , Gawker linked to the website hosting the script . "  Here Is the Leaked Quentin Tarantino Hateful Eight Sript , " the headline on the story read . Although Gawker did n't post the script to its own site , Tarantino 's lawyers charged the script would n't have been widely accessible if Gawker had n't linked to it . "  Rather than merely publishing a news story reporting that plaintiff 's screenplay may have been circulating within certain limited Hollywood circles without his permission , Gawker crossed the journalistic line , first by requesting that a reader ` leak ' an infringing copy directly to Gawker , then second , after obtaining a link to and itself directly downloading an infringing PDF copy , and then third , by promoting itself to the public as the first source to download and read the entire screenplay illegally and directing the public to do so . " Tarantino sued . What happened next Gawker responded saying Tarantino 's suit was without merit . It was n't guilty of actual copyright infringement . The judge agreed . On April 22 , he threw out the original suit , saying Tarantino 's lawyers had failed to prove "  direct infringement . " Now , comes the amended suit . Tarantino 's lawyers are claiming both direct and contributory infringement . What 's happening now The question before the judge now is this : Does a site that downloads copyrighted material violate the rights of an author ? Whether the "  Hateful Eight " project is indeed scrapped is unclear . Last last month , Tarantino held a three-hour reading of the script and told audience members he was working on changes to it . He said making the film is still possible . For now , though , there 's the lawsuit to contend with . Lights , camera ,  legal  action ! CNN 's Alan Duke , Gregory Wallace and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Last month , a federal judge dismissed his original suit The suit seeks more than $ 1 million "  This time they went too far , " Tarantino says , of Gawker
CNN  -- Press groups , prominent journalists and administration critics have all accused President Barack Obama of failing to live up to his commitment to have the "  most transparent administration in history . " To some , that pledge is now a punch line . But the commitment endures , newly appointed White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in an interview on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " on Sunday . Earnest , who was a deputy press secretary before his promotion in June , cited "  a number of steps that we 've taken to give people greater insight into what 's happening at the White House . " There is built-in tension in the relationship between the president and the press , Earnest said : "  If there 's ever a day when the White House press corps sits back and says , ` You know , we 're getting all the information that we need from the White House Press Office , ' then everybody in the White House press corps would not be doing their jobs , right ? " Earnest said he had seen the letter to Obama signed by more than 40 news media organizations , including the Society of Professional Journalists and National Press Foundation , urging the President and his federal agencies to be more transparent -- to "  stop the spin and let the sunshine in . " But when asked whether the groups had legitimate concerns , he referred back to the omnipresent tension between the two sides . As the new press secretary , Earnest said he has a responsibility to "  try to help the President live up to his commitment to be the most transparent president in history . " In spite of aggressive prosecutions of whistleblowers and other actions , he said that he thought the administration had lived up to it so far -- "  absolutely " -- and pointed to the quarterly release of White House visitor records and reporters ' access to presidential fundraisers at private homes . Earnest , 39 , is Obama 's third press secretary , following in the footsteps of Robert Gibbs and Jay Carney . He said he 'd learned a lot from watching his predecessors ' briefings and now tries to "  draw on some of the more effective things that they did " during his briefings . Earnest described himself as a voracious consumer of media , thanks partly to the White House press clippings service and partly to his iPad . He plugged the Associated Press iPad app , and also ESPN , which he said is the first channel he probably checks when he turns on the television . For work purposes , "  I definitely spend some time on CNN , " he said , calling it "  a pretty good barometer of what a lot of people -- what a lot of people in this room -- are going to be interested in on a daily basis . " Online , he was quick to mention Politico as a website that he checks . "  In some ways , they style themselves as the ESPN of politics . " Earnest said the White House would continue to seek new and nontraditional ways for the President to reach the public , just as past administrations have . "  There 's no question that , at least in my view , that the President is the best advocate for his policies , " he said . "  He is somebody who has a very clear sense of what his priorities are . And when he can be put in a position where he can communicate those priorities , we 're firing on all cylinders . We 're running at our best . " He joked about the recent Emmy nomination for Obama 's interview on Zach Galifianakis ' satirical online talk show "  Between Two Ferns " : "  I think the President would say that it 's an honor just being nominated . "  The awards will be presented in August . "  We 're always looking for new ideas , " Earnest said . "  Some of them can be online . But maybe there 's a great print idea out there that we have n't come up with yet . "	White House press secretary Josh Earnest appears on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " Earnest : There is built-in tension in the relationship between a president and the press He says the administration is taking steps "  to give people greater insight "
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- "  Easy money , fast and effective . " Investors protest outside the headquarters of DMG , one of many companies accused of defrauding the public . That was the name of one of the businesses in which millions of Colombians deposited their life savings after being promised short-term returns of as much as 150 percent . But government officials say the businesses were pyramid schemes that raked in at least $ 200 million from 3 million people . The government has said it knows who most of those responsible are , but they have escaped . The government is tracking them down . Sergio Munoz is among those who lost their savings . "  That was for my children , " he said . "  Now , it comes to light that they have robbed us . It was with complicity of the authorities who permit this -- knowing that it is illegal for it to be permitted . " The government says the businesses defrauded the public by offering false promises of a sure investment . Wilson Rodriguez handed over the equivalent of $ 80,000 to a money man who offered him what he thought were assets in hotels and property in exchange . Now , he does n't know whom to approach . "  I do n't even have enough to care for my family , " he said . "  I lent money and what I make from my salary goes to pay off debts . I have nothing . I lost everything . " Infuriated investors have demonstrated outside the headquarters of several companies in question across the nation . Worried that the situation has already led to physical altercations and riots , President Alvaro Uribe asked that authorities act immediately to bring those responsible to justice . "  We are asking the public prosecutor to speed up the resolution of the cases , " he said . "  The national police has handed to the prosecution the power to intervene in pyramids . " Treasury Minister Oscar Ivan Zuluaga said the government is not to blame . "  The government had advertised all this time about the illegality of this operation , warning Colombians not to let themselves be defrauded , not to take their money to these illegal activities , " he said . Meanwhile , some observers complain that , though the investors may shoulder some blame , the government could have mitigated their losses by moving more quickly . And , they note , some of the alleged pyramid schemes continue to stay in business .	Pyramid schemes robbed 3 million Colombians of at least $ 200 million , officials say Many businesses promised returns as high as 150 percent Treasury Minister Oscar Ivan Zuluaga says government warned against schemes Authorities tracking down people behind businesses , many of whom have escaped
BOSTON , Massachusetts  CNN  -- She was called "  the littlest refusenik , " one of the many Soviet Jews denied permission to leave the Soviet Union because her father had been exposed to government secrets . But the case of Jessica Katz was special because she was a baby born with a nutritional deficiency that stopped her from growing . She was a tiny baby dying in a Moscow hospital , getting weaker by the day . It was U.S. Sen. Ted Kennedy who , her parents say , eventually saved her life . Jessica was born in Moscow in 1977 with malabsorption syndrome , which prevented her from digesting food or milk properly . All she needed was baby formula , but it was n't available in the Soviet Union . The Soviet doctors could n't save her . Jessica 's parents , Boris and Natalya , were desperate . Jessica 's grandmother had immigrated to Boston , Massachusetts , with two of her sons and was campaigning to get her baby granddaughter out of the Soviet Union . At first she helped urge American tourists to take baby formula to Moscow for the Katz family , and for a little while , it worked . It seemed to bring Jessica back from the brink . Watch more of the story of "  the littlest refusenik " " But it was n't enough . The Katz family knew they needed a permanent solution -- access to doctors in the West . Eventually , the grandmother 's campaign reached Kennedy 's office , and the senator decided to step in . In September 1978 , Kennedy traveled to Moscow for a meeting with Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev to urge him to let the Katz family -- or at the very least , Jessica -- leave the country immediately . "  If not for his intervention , I would have been arrested very soon -LSB- afterward -RSB- and it would have been too late for him to intervene , " said Katz , recalling the fate of many of his Jewish friends . "  So he saved Jessica , he saved me , he saved the rest our family . " The first the Katzes knew of it was late one night when they got a mysterious phone call . The caller invited Boris Katz to a midnight meeting with an unnamed guest -- and in Soviet Russia , Katz did n't dare ask who it was . "  You know in the Soviet Union not to ask too many questions over the phone , " he said . Katz arrived at the meeting and , much to his shock , in walked Kennedy . "  A bunch of KGB men came with him into the room and he just turned around and told the KGB men , ` Go away , ' " Katz recalled . "  This was clearly the first -LSB- time -RSB- ever I witnessed something like this . Here the all-powerful KGB men wanted to be at the meeting and the senator just told them to go away , and they looked at each other and just left . And that was , again , a powerful scene . " Kennedy spoke to other refuseniks already gathered in the room before pulling Katz aside . "  He said that earlier he had a meeting in the Kremlin with the Soviet leaders and that he specifically asked to allow us to leave the country for medical reasons , " Katz said . "  He said that they said yes . " At first , Katz said , he did n't believe him , sure that the Soviet authorities would find a way to scupper the plans . Katz went home and told his wife , who also did n't believe it , he said . The next morning , a friend called Katz to say he heard Kennedy on the Voice of America radio network listing the names of people leaving the Soviet Union . The Katz family was on the list , the friend said . Despite the report , however , the Soviet authorities denied it , Katz recalls . " ` We are telling you that this is not the case , ' " he remembers them saying . "  But this was just part of the game that they played . " About three weeks later , with no fanfare , a card arrived in the mail telling the Katz family to pick up their visa . They now had their ticket out of the country . The exit was n't straightforward -- the Katzes ' second daughter , Gabriella , was born two days before they were due to leave , so they postponed their exit by five days . And they had to stop over in Vienna , Austria , where they were met by a Kennedy aide for the final leg of their trip . On landing in Boston , Kennedy was the first person they met . They gave each other a big hug , Katz said . "  Jessica certainly would not have made it if not for his contribution , if not for him taking on the case , getting interested in the case , patiently talking to the Soviet authorities , " Katz told CNN . "  It was lucky for us . It saved the baby 's life and created new life for Natalya and me and our children . " Kennedy 's help for the family did n't end there . He helped Boris Katz , who had worked with computers , find a job at a computer software company . Today , Katz works at the renowned Massachusetts Institute of Technology , where he is the principal research scientist at the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory . "  He did it because he wanted to help , " Katz told CNN . "  I think that is what he does -- did -- for many other people . I went to a number of events where other people whom he helped gave various speeches and I learned many more cases -LSB- where -RSB- he helped people because he likes to help people . It is his job to help people . " Today , little Jessica Katz is 31 years old . She got engaged last year , on the same weekend Kennedy 's cancer diagnosis was announced to the public . Inspired by Kennedy 's life of public service , Jessica Katz works at finding housing for the homeless in New York City . She says she has no choice but to look after those less fortunate than she is , because Kennedy proved to her how much it means , and that it can work . Jessica Katz lacks the cynicism about the government that many others in her generation may have . Kennedy , she said , proved that some politicians have a desire to accomplish good things and fight injustice . "  He saved my life . He could have spent his time doing anything , " Jessica Katz said . "  He 's from the fanciest , most powerful family in Massachusetts , and probably in the country , and he decided to spend his time helping out me and my family . " That has instilled in her a deep sense of public service , she said . And that may be the best thing Kennedy has left behind . "  That that would be his largest , biggest part of his legacy -- as someone who cared deeply about people , who felt , I think , very deeply people 's suffering and wanted to alleviate it and wanted to help , " Jessica Katz said . "  And I am pretty confident that this is how he will be remembered . He was an extraordinary individual and this is how he will stay , certainly in our memories and the memories of millions of others . "	Jessica Katz was born with nutritional deficiency that stopped her from growing The Katzes were among many Soviet Jews denied permission to leave country Senator Kennedy traveled to Soviet Union , urged Brezhnev to let Katzes leave In U.S. , Kennedy helped Boris Katz get a job and remained in touch with family
CNN  -- Germany 's triple world champion Sebastian Vettel will continue to win titles even if he moves on from Red Bull , three-time world champion Niki Lauda has told CNN . On Sunday , the 25-year-old became the youngest triple world champion in the history of the sport becoming only the third driver to win three consecutive titles , following in the footsteps of racing legends Michael Schumacher and Juan Manuel Fangio . After winning this year 's title when finishing sixth in Brazil 's Interlagos to beat Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso by three points , the German said he was ` extremely committed ' to a team he is contracted to until the end of 2014 . Nonetheless , Lauda says Vettel 's quality is such that he will continue to beat the world 's best when the inevitable happens and he moves on from Red Bull . "  He will eventually move somewhere else , " said Lauda , who won his titles with both Ferrari  1975 and 1977  and McLaren  1984  . "  It 's normal . Any skier changes his skis every year -- so you have to change your cars at least once in your history . "  I changed my racing cars three or four times in my career and still kept on winning . He will do something like this for sure as well . " Vettel has been strongly linked with a move to Ferrari in recent months , although representatives at both Maranello and the Red Bull driver have tried to dampen the speculation . Since Lauda 's last title , only three other drivers have won world championships with different manufacturers -- razil 's Nelson Piquet  Brabham and Williams  , Frenchman Alain Prost  McLaren and Williams  and Schumacher  Benetton and Ferrari  . Lauda , who joined Mercedes as a non-executive chairman in September , believes that the Red Bull car 's dominance has been key to Vettel 's success . "  Vettel is the top guy , -LSB- Lewis -RSB- Hamilton is the top guy , Alonso is the top guy , Schumacher is a top guy too , " Lauda . "  You need a car , and you need a driver . Vettel is for sure as good as Alonso is - but you need a better car . " Vettel 's latest triumph was greeted with delight in Germany , with Chancellor Angela Merkel among those leading the plaudits -- praising the driver 's ` fabulous strength of character ' . Prior to the German 's success on Sunday , the previous youngest driver to win three titles was the late Ayrton Senna -- who achieved the feat at the age of 31 . Meanwhile , Williams have confirmed Venezuela 's Pastor Maldonado and Valtteri Bottas of Finland as their driver pairing for the 2013 season . Bottas replaces Brazil 's Bruno Senna , the nephew of the late three-time world champion Ayrton Senna . ` It has always been my life-long dream to compete in the Formula One world championship , " the 23-year-old Bottas , a test driver for Williams in 2012 , said in an official statement . "  To do so with one of the most legendary teams in the sport is incredibly special . I 've really enjoyed my three years with Williams so far and feel very at home here so my goal was always to stay for 2013 and progress to a race seat . "  I 'm looking forward to getting my Formula One career started and enjoying a lot of success with Williams . " Maldonado enjoyed a successful second season in the sport , picking up the first race win of his fledgling career at this year 's Spanish Grand Prix .	Niki Lauda tips Sebastian Vettel to continue his title-winning success Austrian driver says the German will leave Red Bull in future Vettel 's contract with the constructor is set to expire at the end of 2014 Williams confirm Pastor Maldonado and Valtteri Bottas as drivers for 2013
CNN  -- The University of Oklahoma in Norman briefly shut down Wednesday after a report of a possible shooting that apparently turned out to be a false alarm , the university 's president said . "  At this time , there is no evidence that shots were fired . Classes are going on as normal in all other buildings except Gould Hall , " President David Boren said Wednesday afternoon . "  Additional search of Gould Hall being conducted just in case . It appears to have been a false alarm . " Earlier Wednesday , no evidence had been found of any shots being fired , and no injuries had been reported , school spokeswoman Catherine Bishop said . After telling students to take shelter for more than 30 minutes , the school later announced that normal campus operations had resumed -- except at Gould Hall , the site of the reported shooting , "  where additional checking is continuing , " the school tweeted . Gould Hall houses the university 's College of Architecture . Both the Norman and campus police responded quickly as did emergency personnel , the school tweeted . Boren told students the incident may have been a false alarm caused by a machinery backfire , independent student newspaper The Oklahoma Daily reported on Twitter . Maj. Bruce Chan of campus police told CNN there was a report of shots fired in the Gould Hall area of campus . The incident took place at around 11:20 a.m. local time  12:20 p.m. ET  while classes were in session . Students and faculty were alerted via text . On Tuesday , a gunman shot and killed a man at Purdue University in Indiana . CNN 's Sara Pratley and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : University president calls incident "  a false alarm " Machinery backfire may be behind incident , student paper reports Normal campus operations resume except at Gould Hall Earlier , students were told to take shelter
CNN  -- Qatar 's government says it 's investigating complaints that sprinklers and alarms were n't working during a fire at an upscale Doha shopping mall that killed 19 people , most of them children in a nursery . The fatalities at the Villaggio shopping mall included seven girls , six boys , four teachers , and two other adults , the Persian Gulf monarchy 's interior ministry said Monday . Rescuers were unable to reach the nursery from the inside and had to break into it from the rooftop , Health Minister Abdullah bin Khalid Al Qahtani told the state news agency QNA . The government has set up a committee to investigate "  the causes and circumstances " of the blaze , QNA announced Monday night . The agency quoted Brig. Gen. Othman al-Duhaimi , the operations chief for Qatar 's civil defense agency , as saying alarms went off in some shops , and that some of the pipes that carried water for the sprinklers may have been leaking -- and that those issues would be addressed in the investigation . Christine Wigton , an American living in Doha , told CNN she heard "  a buzzer , not very loud " as she walked into the mall , but heard no loud alarms as smoke built up inside . Elementary school-age children were eating at some of the restaurants and no one was trying to escape , she said . "  When I got a little bit closer , I realized the smoke was just increasing and people were still shopping . And the smoke kept getting heavier and heavier , " Wigton said . She said she left when the smoke became "  too much . " "  There were no sprinklers , and there was nothing that would tell somebody that something was wrong , " she said . Built in 2006 , the mall advertises itself as "  the newest and the largest entertainment center in Doha . " The Venice-themed complex features gondola rides down an indoor canal , an artificial sky , a 13-screen movie theater , a theme park , skating rink and a bowling alley . Qatar 's interior minister , Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Bin Khalifa Al Thani , said the civil defense office reviews safety standards for commercial buildings before they grant a license . "  The investigation will clarify all the circumstances of the incident and find out the shortcomings and question those who are responsible in order to tackle the matter in the future , " he said in remarks carried by QNA . Along with the children and teachers , two would-be rescuers died in the blaze , Interior Minister Abdullah bin Nasser bin Khalifa Al Thani said in a statement posted on the ministry 's Facebook page . Another 17 people were injured , including four children , but most of them were firefighters , he said . Several of the dead were from Qatar 's expatriate community . Four were Spanish nationals , a spokeswoman for Spain 's Foreign Ministry said Monday . A three-year-old French child died in the blaze , France 's foreign affairs ministry said . And New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said it was "  likely " that three of the dead were triplets , estimated at between two and three years of age , from "  a New Zealand family . " Key said a consular official based in the Saudi capital Riyadh would soon go to Qatar "  to support the family , " while the children 's grandparents were also heading there as well . "  Obviously , there are some very serious questions that will need to be answered , " said Key , who did not identify the children or their parents . "  But at the moment , we 're really just trying to wrap around all the support we can for a family that will be grieving . " Al Thani said everyone was believed to have been accounted for late Monday . CNN 's Al Goodman and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : A French child is among the dead New Zealand says triplets may have been among the dead Thirteen of the dead were children , the Interior Ministry says Spain says four of its nationals were among the dead
CNN  -- Motorcycling star Casey Stoner may have announced his attention to retire from the sport on Thursday , but his apparent lack of motivation to continue racing was not apparent 24 hours later as he topped practice for this weekend 's Le Mans Grand Prix . The two-time MotoGP world champion says he has grown tired of the discipline after five years competing in the elite division , and will bow out at the end of this season -- which still has 15 of the 18 races remaining "  I will be finishing my career at the end of this season in MotoGP , and go forward in different things in my life , " the 26-year-old Australian told a pre-practice news conference . "  After so many years of doing this sport which I love , and which myself and my family made so many sacrifices for , after so many years of trying to get to where we have gotten to at this point , this sport has changed a lot and it has changed to the point where I am not enjoying it . "  There are a lot of things that have disappointed me , and also a lot of things I have loved about this sport , but unfortunately the balance has gone in the wrong direction . " The Honda rider leads the 2012 world championship after two wins from three races . "  It would be nice if I could say I would stay one more year , " he said . "  But then where does it stop ? So we decided to finish everything as we are now . " Stoner set a time of one minute 33.74 seconds around the French circuit on Friday , over two-tenths of a second quicker than Spanish teammate Dani Pedrosa . Pedrosa 's compatriot and 2010 world champion Jorge Lorenzo , who is one point behind Stoner in the standings , was almost four-tenths of a second adrift in third position for Yamaha . Seven-time world champion Valentino Rossi was well down the order in ninth , having struggled for form since switching from Yamaha to Ducati for the 2011 season . But despite his recent poor form , the legendary Italian dismissed rumors he was considering retirement and said he wanted to continue in the sport for at least another two seasons . "  For me it 's very difficult to understand where the news starts because I never speak about my retirement , " the 33-year-old said . "  I want to race in MotoGP for the next two years for sure . "	Two-time MotoGP world champion Casey Stoner to retire at the end of this season The Australian says he no longer enjoys the motorsport as much as he did The Honda rider tops practice ahead of Sunday 's Le Mans Grand Prix in France Seven-time title winner Valentino Rossi aims to stay in the sport for another two years
CNN  -- -LSB- WARNING : The following contains spoilers for the "  Doctor Who " season finale . -RSB- Permission to squee ? Saturday night 's "  Doctor Who " season finale was a roller coaster of feels , with deaths , goodbyes and one incredible James Bond-esque move by the Doctor . It was the end of the first season of Peter Capaldi as the Twelfth Doctor . Here are five moments that had us cheering or reaching for the tissues : 1 . The Master kills Osgood This one really hurt . UNIT captured the Master and made the Doctor the president of Earth , as they faced a massive invasion by dead-people-turned-Cybermen . The Master tried the old talking-to-your-captor trick to bowtie-wearing geek Osgood  "  Bowties are cool , " after all  , telling Osgood that she was about to be killed within 60 seconds . Unfortunately for Osgood , the Master was no longer handcuffed and made good on her promise . It was part of a terrific nutso performance by Michelle Gomez as the Master , but we 'll really miss Osgood , who was like the ultimate "  Doctor Who " fan . 2 . Windsurfing into the TARDIS The plane that carried the Doctor and members of UNIT exploded , and the Doctor was sent flying out of it , about to crash to the ground . Was this how it would all end ? Instead , the Doctor spotted the TARDIS and aimed himself to land right inside it . Wow ! The Master 's AI interface assistant Seb was quite impressed by this , but the Master destroyed him as he squeed . 3 . Clara reunites with Danny After talking her way out of being killed by the Cybermen by impersonating the Doctor , Clara found herself in a graveyard , and discovered that an approaching Cyberman was her late boyfriend , Danny , who still had emotions , but was begging her to switch them off . The Doctor arrived in time to tell her not to do it , but the Master did as well . After a heart-wrenching exchange among all of them , Danny and Clara said one last goodbye , as Clara took his sonic screwdriver and aimed it right at him , making him emotionless . However , he was able to take control of the Cybermen and fly them away , blowing themselves up and foiling the Master 's plan . 4 . Kate Stewart 's father kills the Master Clara was determined to kill the Master , but she turned over the Master 's vaporizing remote control over to the Doctor , but then the Master was vaporized by someone else : the Cyberman version of the Doctor 's old friend , UNIT 's Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart . Poetic justice . 5 . Clara 's goodbye Two weeks later , when Clara  Jenna Coleman  was awakened by a portal from the afterlife , she heard from Danny , who sacrificed his one chance to return to life by returning the young boy he had accidentally killed while he was a soldier . Clara and the Doctor later met at a restaurant , where she broke the news to him that she could n't travel with him any longer . He assumed it was because she was back together with Danny , and she would n't tell him otherwise . The Doctor had news for her as well : The Master gave him the coordinates for Gallifrey and he found it . But we saw the reality : It was n't there , and the Doctor destroyed the TARDIS ' control panel in frustration . Clara hugged the Doctor , something he never likes doing , and told him , "  Doctor , traveling with you made me feel really special . Thank you for that . Thank you for making me feel special . " He thanked her for the same . Do n't mind us , we 've got something in our eye . Capaldi 's message to grieving boy But it was n't over : The Doctor got a visit from Santa Claus , played by Nick Frost . What does the Christmas special hold for us ? Fans on Twitter had a lot to say about this finale , and they had mixed feelings . "  It 's one of Moffat 's trickiest finales ever , " tweeted Andy Behbakht . "  While he wrapped up Series 8 in a pleasing way , I felt something big was missing . " "  I have so many feels right now , " said @GoodnightGoldie . "  Loved it ! Ca n't wait for , ca n't believe I 'm saying it ... Christmas ! " Franklin Harris summed it up as "  A thrilling conclusion to an uneven season that showed the strengths and weaknesses of producer Steven Moffat 's fairytale approach . " "  I just do n't even know what to do with myself , " admitted Kendall Ashley . "  That ending was tragic , and Clara and the Doctor NEED each other right now ! " What did you think ? Share your comments below .	"  Doctor Who " ended its eighth season  and first with Peter Capaldi  with an emotional finale Spoiler : Deaths and other goodbyes Fans on Twitter had mixed reactions
CNN  -- The declining dollar , surging oil prices , and exploding growth across the Persian Gulf are causing inflation levels to rise . Kuwait has already abandoned the dollar . And some analysts say the rest of the GCC may have to do the same to fight inflation . But do the Gulf banks agree ? And how far do they think switching to a basket of currencies will bring down prices ? Qatar and the U.A.E. registered the highest inflation levels at 10 percent this week . In Oman , inflation was running at almost 4 per cent and 2.8 percent in Saudi Arabia . Strong growth across the region , fueled by surges in oil prices have been a major factor . Supply has been struggling to keep up with demand in the growing economy , causing bottlenecks in supply which drives inflation . Ahmed El Shall , CFO of Dubai Bank said the building boom in the U.A.E. is another "  primary cause " of inflation . Rents are on the rise , causing other prices to climb . "  If you consider that 36 percent of the inflation measure is made up of housing , you realize the inflation rate for the U.A.E. is 10 percent and above simply because rents have been increasing above 10 percent per annum , " he told CNN . But the other factor at play has been imported inflation via a weak U.S. dollar . Last week , in response to the sub-prime mortgage crisis , the U.S. Federal Reserve cut interest rates by 0.5 point to 4.75 percent in order to save the nation 's economy from a slow down . Because currencies in the Gulf Co-operation Council region including Saudi Arabia , the U.A.E. , Qatar , Bahrain and Oman are pegged to the dollar , their exchange rates also decline . This means prices of imports from non-dollar areas have increased , causing inflation . With currencies pegged to the dollar , banks in the region must also follow the Fed 's lead with their interest rates . This is another driver for inflation because lower rates drive investment . But to soften the blow , U.A.E. and Qatar kept rate cuts to a minimum and Saudi Arabia and Oman decided not to budge at all . Rising prices are beginning to take their toll across the region . Dubai is now one of the most expensive cities in the world . Expats , with investments and bills to pay at home , are especially feeling the pinch of a weak exchange rate . As prices rise , the debate intensifies about whether countries in the GCC should review their dollar pegs and link instead to a basket of currencies . As analysts argue , when these countries first decided to peg to the dollar , oil prices were low and the U.S. currency strong . Today the opposite is true . Fitting to a basket , they say , would better reflect the GCC 's modern economic situation . Kuwait was the first country in the GCC to jump ship . In May it ditched the dinar 's peg and moved to a basket of currencies . But , as Shall told CNN , the Kuwait revaluation is yet to show an effect . "  My understanding is that so far it has n't really shown any improvement in inflation . To the contrary , it suffers in the exact same way Qatar and the U.A.E. suffer . " Qatar 's central bank governor , Abdullah Al-Thani , told reporters and bankers last month that they were taking measures to control prices and rents to decrease inflation . But the dollar peg would remain , he said . Saudi Arabia 's refusal to cut interest rates with the Federal Reserve has prompted more speculation that it was preparing to break its dollar currency peg . But the Kingdom has continued to deny this . Saudi bank , SABB , also "  firmly " believes the Saudi riyal will not be revalued . "  An expected change in the currency regime will take place only if the dollar weakens at an alarming rate and is sustained over the medium term , " it said in a recent report . Excessive speculation about devaluation , "  could cause observers to overlook the GCC growth story , " said the report . "  The Kingdom 's competitive advantage , in petrochemical exports for example , is not being affected , as most are priced in dollars . " E-mail to a friend	Inflation rises across region with highest levels in Qatar and the U.A.E. Strong growth , rising rents and weakening dollar fuel inflation increases As prices rise , debate intensifies about the region 's currency pegs to the dollar
CNN  -- Authorities investigating the disappearance of a 10-year-old North Carolina girl have recovered "  evidence that could provide valuable information " in the case , police said Thursday . The evidence was located Wednesday , Hickory , North Carolina , police said in a statement , and will be analyzed at the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation 's lab . Police launched a search for Zahra Baker October 9 , but said no one other than a family member has reported seeing her since September 25 , when a woman saw her at a furniture store . Police did not elaborate or say what the evidence is . "  We understand the concern and interest in this case by the public , but we must be cautious in prematurely releasing information , so it will not jeopardize any future criminal proceedings , " police said . Authorities said earlier this month a bone that might be related to the case was found . They also previously found a prosthetic leg belonging to Zahra , whose disappearance is being investigated as a homicide . Elisa Baker , Zahra 's stepmother , is jailed on charges unrelated to the girl 's disappearance , as well as an obstruction of justice charge related to the case after she admitted to writing a fake ransom note found at the family 's home . Elisa Baker has said said she did not know what happened to Zahra , a freckle-faced girl who lost her leg to bone cancer at age 5 and reportedly developed lung cancer a few years later . Zahra 's father , Adam Baker , was arrested late last month in nearby Catawba County on eight charges , including five counts of submitting worthless checks and three counts of failing to appear in court . Police earlier acknowledged that Adam Baker faced bad-check charges unrelated to the disappearance of his daughter . But they did not initially arrest him , as he had been helping authorities in their search . Zahra 's biological mother , Emily Dietrich , is coming to North Carolina from Australia , CNN affiliate WSOC reported . She could arrive sometime Thursday . Last week , Dietrich told Australia 's Seven Network that she had little hope of seeing Zahra alive again , according to WSOC . Dietrich has not had contact with her daughter since Zahra was an infant . Meanwhile , the Children 's Protection Council of Catawba County said it will hold a candlelight vigil in honor of Zahra on Tuesday , her birthday . Toys or stuffed animals left at the vigil will be donated to the Cops for Tots organization , the group said in a statement .	NEW : Biological mother of Zahra Baker arriving from Australia A vigil is planned next week on Zahra 's birthday The 10-year-old 's disappearance is being investigated as a homicide The girl 's stepmother is charged with obstruction of justice
New York  CNN  -- For New Yorkers , a gambling fix is now just a subway ride away . The first casino in New York City opened Friday at the Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens to thousands of eager gamblers , some waiting hours to get in . "  It was such a hassle to get in , but I 'm glad I 'm here , " said Carmen Beverly , who said she took the subway to the casino from her home in nearby Brooklyn . "  Not winning anything yet , but I 'm having fun . " The Resorts World Casino hit capacity almost immediately after opening , organizers said . Lines stretched around the building as police struggled to contain hundreds of people hoping for opening-day luck . Backers of the casino said they hope its close proximity to the airport and the subway will make it a draw for New Yorkers and tourists alike . It is the first casino to be built in New York City since the state legislature paved the way for its construction during the post-September 11 , 2001 , economic slump . "  Finally New York gets money , " said Helen Alamia , a slots player who said she would no longer travel to out-of-state casinos . "  We 're giving it to Pennsylvania and Jersey , now New York gets it , I 'm very happy . " Because of a technicality in the 2001 law , the casino features only video games , no live dealers . Nonetheless , Gordon Medenica , director of the New York Lottery , espoused the casino 's contribution to state funds . "  This facility will probably increase our video lottery income by 50 % , " Medenica said . Video lottery is the organization 's fastest-growing source of income , he said . Some customers expressed disappointment that they would not be able to gamble with a live dealer , but most seemed happy just to have a casino nearby . Billboards for the casino advertise it as being "  minutes , not hours away , " a clear swipe at the more well-known -- and farther away -- gambling sites of Atlantic City , New Jersey , and Indian reservations such as Foxwoods in Connecticut . "  It 's not competition with Las Vegas , " said Mike Speller , president of Resorts World Casino . "  We are 10 minutes from JFK -- 55 million customers a year come in there . We are 25 minutes from Manhattan -- another 50 million tourists come in there . So we think it 's going to be a very , very busy place . "	Some visitors wait hours to get in to the casino in Queens The casino features only video games , no live dealers The state legislature paved the way for its construction during the post-9 / 11 economic slump
CNN  -- It 's been a busy few days in the world of cybercrime . Late last week , we learned that cooperation between the Federal Bureau of Investigation and overseas police agencies led to the dissection of the amorphous network behind Blackshades -- the tool that allows hackers to remotely access an unwitting user 's computer to steal sensitive files , log passwords , and capture webcam images . Law enforcement authorities from the U.S. to Germany to the Netherlands appeared on the doorsteps of suspected hackers with links to the malicious software , eventually arresting 90 people and gathering hoards of evidence along the way . Then , on Monday , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder released an indictment for five Chinese nationals on charges of corporate cybertheft . In a statement , FBI Director James B. Comey accused the Chinese government of committing "  cyber espionage to obtain economic advantage for its state-owned industries . " The 31-count cybertheft indictment is the first of its kind to level penalties on a state actor -- in this case five members of the People 's Liberation Army -- for allegedly pilfering intellectual property from six U.S. companies . Predictably , China 's Foreign Ministry was quick to rebuke the charges as "  fabricated " and a violation "  of basic norms of international relations . " As if it had been pre-written , the scripted statement then touted China 's record as a "  staunch defender of cybersecurity . " Practically speaking , the arrest of 90 semi-amateur hackers is hardly a decisive blow to global cybercrime and the Justice Department 's indictment is little more than a legal show of force . After all , the Blackshades network pales in comparison to other high-dealing cybercrime rings and China has already dismissed the allegations as "  fictitious and absurd , " so do n't expect extradition proceedings anytime soon . But the Blackshades arrests and the DOJ allegations against China , although modest , are hardly trivial . The indictment marks the most flagrant expression of the United States ' growing intolerance for corporate cybertheft to date . It also communicates to China and the rest of the world the degree to which such behavior directly threatens America 's interests , perhaps even in a manner commensurate with more conventional threats like terrorism and WMD proliferation . More than signaling intolerance for cybercrime , both cases have revealed domestic and foreign law enforcement 's steady maturation in this space . The international Blackshades raid , which spanned 19 countries , required robust information sharing channels and cross-border operational coordination . On the surface , such partnerships seem routine given that the U.S. regularly partners with foreign law enforcement on drug , terrorism , and financial crimes . But unlike other criminal disciplines , there are no universally-recognized charters governing international norms for cybercrime , and most countries ' justice systems are at drastically different stages of development in this nascent legal field . The Feds and their international counterparts deserve a solid pat on the back for this one , but the progress will quickly retreat if the events of the past week do n't trigger a more enduring dialogue on international norms for cybercrime . Now more than ever , the line in the sand is clear . On one side is traditional espionage , a practice governed by hundreds of years of international norms that has recently spilled over from sea , air and land into cyberspace . It is a basic function of intelligence . On the other side , is corporate cybertheft , a new phenomenon in which the anonymity of cyberspace affords the thief an enormous advantage over the victim -- especially when the thief is a government and the victim is a business . Quite simply , corporate cybertheft crosses the line because , in today 's ultra-competitive geopolitical landscape , it threatens the delicate balance of power between states . Yes , states spy in cyberspace to protect themselves from threats . But the goal of corporate cybertheft is to fundamentally revise the balance of power -- and self-respecting nations simply ca n't tolerate such behavior . In unprecedented fashion , the faces of five officers from the previously disclosed 61398 Unit of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army now appear on a "  Wanted by the FBI " poster , a striking suggestion that perhaps prosecuting cybercrime should n't differ all that much from prosecuting other crimes . Not too long ago , the overt portrayal of individuals otherwise known only by their virtual aliases would have been met by fierce opposition from those fearing diplomatic retribution . Despite China 's rhetoric and the summoning of the American Ambassador to China Max Baucus Monday night , the U.S. need not fear retribution . But now that we 've crossed the Rubicon with this indictment , it 's apparent that dealing with cybercrime is more than just a "  name and shame " game . If , instead , the five Chinese officers marched into Westinghouse 's headquarters , pulled out a gun and stole next year 's product development plans , nobody would debate whether or not they crossed the line . Cyberspace does n't afford criminals any more latitude than the physical world , but it does increase the burden of proof on the accusing party -- so hopefully Attorney General Eric Holder did his homework . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Dave Weinstein says the recent cyber-arrests and Chinese indictments signal a new era Federal law enforcement agencies and governments have redefined what crosses the line The Blackshades raid spanned 19 countries and required robust global information sharing
Shanghai , China  CNN  -- The Shanghai Auto Show -- the biggest automobile exhibition in the most lucrative car market in the world -- opens Tuesday amidst a flurry of China-focused global car premieres . Meanwhile , shortages in the supply chain continue to worry car manufacturers , just one month after Japan 's devastating earthquake and tsunami . Major brands including GM , Chevy , BMW , and Citroen are racing to win over Chinese customers this week , slating highly anticipated global releases for Shanghai , which this year coincides with the New York Auto Show . European car maker PSA Peugeot Citroen hosted a flashy global unveiling of its new hatchback DS-5 in Shanghai because the company is convinced China 's car market will continue growing dramatically in the coming years . "  Ten percent growth will last for several years , " Peugeot 's CEO Philippe Varin told reporters Monday . The DS-5 will be produced in China by Changan Automobile , which ranks fourth in the mainland . Also this week , Chevy will unveil its new Malibu 2013 . BMW will premiere its new 6-Series luxury coupe in Shanghai , along with a concept M5 luxury sport sedan . Audi , a popular brand with a major market share in China , announced it will unveil a new Q3 crossover . Mercedes-Benz will reveal its entry-level A-Class concept car , among others . On Monday , General Motors unveiled Baojun , its first dedicated car brand aimed specifically at Chinese consumers . The American car brand announced that it aims to more than double the number of cars it sells in China to 5 million by 2015 . "  We have set some aggressive goals , " GM China head Kevin Wale told reporters on Monday . "  We are confident we will achieve every one of our goals . " The first model for Baojun , which means "  treasured horse " in Chinese , is a mid-size 1.5-litre engine sedan that is priced between US $ 10,000 and $ 15,000 , according to Wale . It is a price point that Ford hopes will be attractive to young buyers in China 's second - and third-tier cities . China 's rapidly expanding car market is expected to grow even if the economy slows . According to the Carnegie Energy and Climate Program , even if China 's annual gross domestic product growth rate declines from 10 to 7 percent , as projected by the International Monetary Fund and laid out in China 's 12th Five-Year Plan , some 600 million vehicles could fill China 's roads by 2030 . However , the announcements across Shanghai were muted by the auto industry 's continued struggle to rebound from a components shortage caused by the Japan 's March 11 earthquake and tsunami , which caused forced factory closures . Short supply of crucial car parts has caused some brands , including Toyota , to temporarily half production due to shortages . "  Obviously it 's a terrible tragedy for the people of Japan , " Ford 's China CEO Joe Hinrichs told CNN on Monday . "  It 's not just the supply base that directly supply the auto companies , but their suppliers and their supplies so it 's a complex situation that is evolving everyday . " Ford has moved up previously planned stoppages in their manufacturing facilities to project their supply of cars in certain locations . Volvo , which is owned by China 's Geely Holding Group , has been forced to look elsewhere for some parts . "  So far we have managed it very well , we had no loss of any production and no change in our model mix , " Volvo CEO Stefan Jacoby told CNN . "  We have some specific components where we are relying on Japan but we managed together with suppliers from Japan to find alternatives within Japan but also out of other countries and other production locations abroad . " Jacoby predicted a new wave of semiconductor shortages will emerge this summer , affecting their ability to produce gear box control units and powertrains . As for the long term impact , auto manufacturers are cautiously optimistic . "  I think Japan quake results are going to play out over the next several months , " Ford 's Hinrichs said . "  It 's a critical time when suppliers are ramping back up and inventory levels have been coming down throughout the system , so over the next couple of months we 'll know the real proof of impact of what 's happening . " "  I do n't think there will be a major long term impact , " Hinrichs told CNN . The 14th Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition opens to the media on Tuesday and to the public on Thursday .	One estimate says China will have 600 million vehicles by 2030 GM , Chevy , BMW and Citroen are among brands showing in Shanghai this week "  Ten percent growth will last for several years , " says Peugeot 's top executive Supply-chain concerns loom after Japan 's devastating earthquake and tsunami
CNN  -- More than 600 members of a fringe Christian group in China have been detained for spreading rumors of an impending apocalypse , pegged to the Mayan calendar , China 's Xinhua news agency reported . Known as the Almighty God cult , the group latched on to the Mayan doomsday scenario to predict the sun would not shine and electricity would not work for three days beginning on December 21 . The cult was established in 1990 in central China and requires its members to surrender their property to the group . Group members have spread doomsday rumors door-to-door or at public venues and claimed only they could save people 's lives , according to authorities . Read more : Some believe Friday is doomsday on the Mayan calendar ; the Mayans do n't December 21 , 2012 , is the endpoint of a more than 5,000-year Great Cycle marked on the "  Long Count " calendar of the Mayans , an ancient Native American civilization from Mexico and Central America . Some say this date marks the end of the world , while others suggest it marks the beginning of a new era . Most of the cult members seized by police were detained for five to 10 days for disturbing social order , Xinhua reported . Police have seized a large number of leaflets , banners , computer discs , slogans , books and printing machines . Read more : China cracks down on ` Doomsday cult ' Arrests have been reported in Qinghai , Sichuan , Guangdong , and Guizhou provinces and in the capital , Beijing . "  Advice before catastrophe : Satan 's men will be extinct . Only the ` Almighty God ' can save man . Anybody who resists God will go to hell , " a leaflet said . Cao Wei , a police officer with the Shanghua police station in Lanxi City , said cult members ask new believers to write letters of assurance to show their loyalty to the "  Almighty God " and to evangelize . Xinhua reported that one member wrote a letter saying , "  I must preach to 100 people today , or I will be cursed . " Most of the cult 's members are in their 40s , unemployed people in urban areas or low-income groups affected by illness or disaster . The group believes that Jesus has been resurrected as a Chinese woman , Xinhua reported . Authorities say the cult intimidates people who try to leave .	The group is called the Almighty God cult Many of the group 's members are poor , unemployed or both Doomsday rumors are being spread at public venues , authorities say
CNN  -- The head of the National Security Agency denied Tuesday that the United States collected telephone and e-mail records directly from European citizens , calling reports based on leaks by Edward Snowden "  completely false . " "  To be perfectly clear , this is not information that we collected on European citizens . It represents information that we , and our NATO allies , have collected in defense of our countries and in support of military operations , " Army Gen. Keith Alexander , the NSA director , told a House committee reviewing the agency 's surveillance activities . The statement by Alexander before the House Intelligence Committee came as a number of lawmakers called for changes to the way intelligence is collected . The hearing , billed as a discussion of potential changes to the 35-year-old Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , commonly known as FISA , follows a report by the German magazine Der Spiegel that the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . Some reports also suggest the United States carried out surveillance on French and Spanish citizens . It was the latest in a series of allegations that stem from disclosures given to news organizations by Snowden , the former NSA contractor who describes himself as a whistle-blower . Rocky relations The allegations have rocked U.S.-European relations with a number of countries calling for investigations . Germany has threatened to cut off the ability of the United States to track bank transfers associated with terror groups . As the nation 's spy chiefs testified , two ranking lawmakers from opposing parties introduced bills that call for greater transparency and oversight of the NSA 's surveillance programs . But during the hearing , House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers said collecting foreign intelligence was important to protecting Americans and allies from terrorism . "  Every nation collects foreign intelligence . That is not unique to the United States , " said Rogers , R-Michigan . "  What is unique to the United States is our level of oversight , our commitment to privacy protections , and our checks and balances on intelligence collection . " Alexander said media outlets misinterpreted documents that were leaked . He said the NSA legally collected metadata from some phone calls , and the rest of the metadata came from U.S. allies . He said European intelligence services collected phone records in war zones and other areas outside their borders and shared them with the NSA . Alexander vigorously defended the agency 's intelligence gathering activities , saying it has saved lives "  not only here but in Europe and around the world . " ` Fundamental given ' Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said that trying to determine the intentions of foreign leaders -- by getting close to them or getting their communications -- is a "  fundamental given " among intelligence services , and one of the first things he learned in his 50-year intelligence career . Asked by Rogers if he believes U.S. allies conducted espionage activities against U.S. leaders , Clapper said , "  Absolutely . " Snowden 's revelations about U.S. intelligence-gathering activities have been "  extremely damaging , " Clapper said . But , he added , the activities themselves have been lawful , and "  rigorous oversight " has been effective . Top senator : Obama did n't know of U.S. spying on Germany 's leader Even so , Clapper admitted there have been mistakes . "  We do not spy on anyone except for valid foreign intelligence purposes and we only work within the law . Now , to be sure , on occasion , we 've made mistakes -- some quite significant , " Clapper said . "  But these are usually caused by human error or technical problems and , whenever we have found mistakes , we 've reported , addressed and corrected them . " But it is those mistakes that have prompted calls for reform , including from a ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee . FISA "  must be reformed " to improve transparency about and restore the public 's confidence in the United States ' intelligence gathering activities , Dutch Ruppersberger , D-Maryland , said . "  We must improve transparency , privacy protections and thereby restore the public 's confidence . " Yet , the reforms must preserve the intelligence community 's abilities to help protect the nation , he said . Ruppersberger said authorities were considering a proposal to require a declassification review of any FISA Court decision order or opinion "  to improve transparency without threatening sources and methods . " The FISA Court grants or refuses surveillance rights requests from U.S. government agencies . Meanwhile , Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , introduced legislation to limit the NSA 's collection and analysis of cell phone calls and emails . It was an about-face for the two men , who were the leading authors of the Patriot Act in the wake of the September 11 attacks . Reporting mistakes Alexander , the NSA director , said that of the billions of records of personal data collected last year by the agency , just 288 of them were reviewed . And technical safeguards exist to ensure that the data are not available to non-authorized personnel , he said . Only 22 people at NSA are authorized to look at certain phone numbers , he said , and about 30 are authorized to look into the database that contains those numbers . Referring to the unauthorized release of documents about the NSA 's activities , he said , "  Nothing that has been released has shown that we are trying to do something illegal or unprofessional ; when we find a mistake , a compliance issue , we report it to this committee , to all our overseers , and we correct it . " Opinion : Does Obama still have faith in Government ? In his testimony Tuesday , Clapper noted that he had ordered the declassification of a series of documents in recent months to inform the public debate on the matter , and would continue to do so . "  These documents let our citizens see the seriousness , the thoughtfulness and the rigor with which the FISA court exercises its responsibilities , " he said , adding that the NSA comprises "  honorable people . " Though changes must be made , he urged lawmakers to "  remain mindful of the potential long-term impact of overcorrecting . " Most of the documents released by Clapper date to 2009 , when the administration was pushing lawmakers to reauthorize sections of the Patriot Act that were set to expire . Most of the newly declassified documents describe the aggressive push by the NSA , FBI and the Justice Department for lawmakers to save the bulk telephone data collection effort , known as the 215 program , because it was important for their efforts to thwart terrorist threats . NSA spying claims : Five things you need to know The collection of mobile phone data , or metadata -- including numbers called and date , time and length of calls -- began in 2006 and matched the NSA 's collection of land line telephone data . At the same time , lawmakers were urged not to discuss the classified program for fear it would hurt national security , the documents say . This year , after Snowden released the cache of classified documents , including court orders detailing the 215 bulk data program , many lawmakers said they were shocked about the extent of the program . On Tuesday , Clapper said he was n't buying their reactions . "  It reminds me of ` Casablanca , ' " Clapper said , referring to the movie from the 1940s . "  My God , there 's gambling going on here . " Opinion : U.S. needs to get spying under control CNN 's Catherine Shoichet , Tom Watkins and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This is not unique to the United States , " a committee chair says NEW : Trying to determine the intentions of foreign leaders is a given , Clapper said NEW : Media outlets misinterpreted leaked documents , the NSA chief says "  This is not information that we collected on European citizens , " the NSA chief says
CNN  -- Attention , please ! Did you know that you should not talk about "  fat " this week . That includes phrases like : • Does this make my butt look big ? • I look so bloated . • I 'm still trying to lose weight after the baby . • You look big-boned in that swimsuit . This idea that "  friends do n't let friends fat talk " is part of the Fat Talk Free Week international campaign which encourages women to end fat talk . "  I believe all women deserve to feel good about themselves . We need to prevent negative body images and get away from this obsession over the thin ideal . We should focus on our health instead of our size and weight , " says Stacy Nadeau , a former model for Dove soap 's Campaign for Real Beauty . Nadeau is the official spokeswoman for Fat Talk Free Week . The fraternity Tri Delta and The Center for Living , Learning and Leading have teamed up with partners and sponsors to raise public awareness about the campaign . Nadeau is traveling to college campuses and promoting the end of fat talk . She has been busy this week , writing on the campaign 's Facebook page and participating in events like writing fat phrases on pieces of paper , then crumpling them up and tossing them in the air . Another activity is compiling a list of prominent women from history who did something significant that had nothing to do with their looks . "  I think this week is important for people to be aware of because it has unfortunately become a norm to bash our bodies and talk awful about ourselves . This week is a great week to encourage women to stop talking fat talk , " Nadeau said . Since it began three years ago , Fat Talk Free Week has gained sponsors and partners like The Academy for Eating Disorders . And as the active participants increase , so has media attention . Rosie O'Donnell addressed the issues on Sirius Radio . "  For people who have been overweight for a long part of their life , it 's part of the vernacular -- you always say , ' I look so fat , ' or ` I 'm so fat . ' You berate yourself . It 's just part of the culture , " O'Donnell said . Twenty-five million Americans suffer from anorexia , bulimia and binge eating disorders , According to Jeff Cannon at the National Eating Disorders Association . Ninety percent of those sufferers are women . Psychology Professor at Trinity University , Carolyn Becker , helped found the Reflections Body Image Program , through which Fat Talk Free Week runs . "  Fat talk causes an incredible amount of misery among women . Statistics show that body dissatisfaction leads to eating less fruits , vegetables and even exercise . So body dissatisfaction likely also contributes to the problems we have with weight gain , " Becker said . "  It 's like a car . Imagine you have one you hate . How do you treat it ? Terribly . But when you have a car you love how do you treat it ? Much better . When we hate our bodies we treat them badly . When we care about them we treat them with respect , " Becker said . The research used to create Fat Talk Free Week is based on the understanding of psychological dissonance . "  We do n't like it when our beliefs and actions do n't match up , " Becker explained . "  So by having people speak and act against this ideal thin female beauty we create an uncomfortable psychological state . " This is the third year the one-week public awareness program has been in effect and according to Tri Delta 's Director of Education Initiatives , Sarah Williamson , the viral videos and social media 's expansion has greatly increased knowledge of the campaign . One YouTube video from 2008 has been viewed by over 140,000 people . The footage reports , "  54 percent of women would rather be hit by a truck than be fat " and "  If mannequins were women they would be too thin to bear children . "	Do n't use the "  F " word on final days of "  Fat Talk Free Week " Banned are phrases like , "  Does this make my butt look big " Campaign is aimed at ending negative body images and the thin obsession Professor : If you do n't like your body , you 're more likely to treat it badly
New York  CNN  New York City 's longest recorded homicide-free streak ended late Friday night , when a 28-year-old man was shot multiple times just before midnight . Eric Roman was transported to a nearby hospital in critical condition with gunshot wounds to his head , hand and leg and died Saturday , according to the New York Police Department . New York City had gone 12 days without a homicide , its longest stretch on modern record , police said Monday . The last reported homicide was February 1 , Super Bowl Sunday , in Upper Manhattan , police said . That day , police responded to a 911 call about multiple shots being fired and found five individuals with gunshot wounds , the NYPD said . One of those five , Graham Shadale , 28 , was pronounced dead at the scene . Police have not yet made arrests in either case and both investigations are ongoing , officials said . The streak has been the longest since the New York Police Department began recording statistics with a computerized program called Compstat in 1994 , a police representative said . Police Commissioner Bill Bratton hushed talk of the streak Friday on "  CBS This Morning . " "  Shh ... we do n't want to jinx it , " Bratton told host Charlie Rose . "  We 're into our 12th day now , Charlie . Eleven is a record and let 's keep it going . " Despite the record-breaking streak , there has been an uptick in shooting incidents compared with the same time period last year . The week between February 1 and February 8 experienced 110 shooting incidents in 2015 versus 91 in 2014 , according to Detective Cheryl Crispin of the NYPD public information office . New York City 's last record for a streak of days without a homicide was 10 days . In 2014 , there were no recorded homicides between February 13 and February 22 . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	A man was shot Friday night in New York City , ending a 12-day streak with no homicides That 's the longest stretch for NYC on modern record , police say The last reported homicide was February 1 in Upper Manhattan
CNN  -- A security camera video of a toddler being run over twice on a street in China has swept across the Web in recent days and has drawn a chorus of horrified denunciations . How , we wonder , could so many passers-by have so callously ignored the girl 's plight ? As humans , we are horrified when we learn that a person in distress is not helped , even when , as in this case , many potential helpers are present . Our horror increases if the person is victimized in a particularly vicious or careless way by fellow human beings . Our horror is further heightened when we learn that the victim is helpless and the kind of person who normally stimulates our instinct to aid and protect . Our spontaneous reaction is to say : "  Had I been there , I would have helped ; what is wrong with these people ? " If an incident occurs in a foreign country or culture , it is easy -- maybe tempting , as we grapple with something so baffling -- to conclude that the particular culture is to blame , that it is being callous , uncaring or egotistical . It is true that cultural differences exist in many aspects of human behavior , and many of these differences are not trivial . But in the Chinese incident , in which the small child was gravely injured before someone finally carried her away , it would be too facile to think that apathy in the face of others ' suffering is a signature of the local culture . First , the public outcry and outrage within China was quite the same as what one would see in other countries . Second , there have been , of course , similar cases in other countries . Indeed , there was the torture and murder of Kitty Genovese in Queens , New York , in a 1964 street attack . Early reports , which may not have been entirely accurate , indicated that many people listened to or watched the attack and did nothing to stop it , and so a media blitz followed . Commentators asked : What is wrong with New York City , what is wrong with these times , and what is wrong with the particular neighborhood ? Outrage in China after toddler run over , ignored The incident spawned research on the so-called bystander effect : a set of brilliant experiments conducted by John Darley and Bibb LatanÃ © , who showed in their 1968 study that as the number of bystanders goes up , the probability of any individual bystander intervening goes down . This is so because each bystander is trying to solve a so-called "  volunteer 's dilemma . " If everyone responds , the cost could be high and the volunteers might get in each others ' way . It would be best if only one bystander responded , the thinking goes . If this is so , it is reasonable to ask who it will be and why it should be me . Since the original experiments , many studies have explored the bystander effect . Recently , I was part of a research team brought together by Peter Fischer of the University of Regensburg , Germany . We surveyed the existing scientific literature and statistically integrated the findings from 105 data sets . We found that the bystander effect is quite robust , that it has declined somewhat in magnitude over time , and that there are certain conditions under which it disappears or is even reversed . For example , in a situation in which several bystanders need to band together to overwhelm a perpetrator , they will be more likely to act collectively than to act alone . The heroic effort of the passengers on United Flight 93 , which was suspected to be in line to strike a Washington target on 9/11/2001 , comes to mind . It is these extreme cases , the callous injury of a helpless toddler and the heroic revolt of ordinary people in the face of terrorism , that capture our attention . With a bit of luck , most of us will not find ourselves in such existential situations . We must ask ourselves , however , how we will respond in more mundane situations that present us with fellow human beings who are in need . Will we help or hope that someone else will ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joachim Krueger .	Joachim Krueger says video of a toddler run over twice in China has shocked , horrified many He says we wonder why it took so long for someone to help and ask are people in China callous ? He says what researchers call "  volunteers dilemma " not unique to China ; cites NY case Krueger : "  Bystander effect " sometimes less when a group is needed , as in United Flight 93
San Diego  CNN  -- Tom Brokaw has had enough of "  bridgegate . " Appearing last week on MSNBC 's "  Daily Rundown , " the veteran newsman lamented the fact that so many of his colleagues are stuck on the story of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie 's bridge problems . They ca n't stop talking about whether members of Christie 's staff tried to harass the Democratic mayor of Fort Lee , New Jersey , by shutting down traffic lanes on the George Washington Bridge , and whether Christie was in on it . Do you ever get the sense that the media are on Mars while most Americans are on Earth ? This story confirms it . We 've known that those who spoon-feed us the news march to their own drum , but now it 's clear they have their own agenda . It 's not to pass along the information that helps shape people 's concerns , but rather to tell people what they should be concerned about . Like a traffic jam . Brokaw put it this way : "  I do think , across the country , however , when they 're looking at long-term unemployment , and they 're looking at the uncertainty of the Obamacare , they 're saying , ` You 've got to move on , guys . ' " I 'm all for moving on . The media can start up again if it discovers evidence Christie knew about the lane closures and then lied about it . But I 'm also fond of self-awareness , especially from those of us in the media . So my message to Brokaw is : "  Newsman , heal thy own network . " In the last couple of weeks , it has begun to look like NBC stands for "  Nothing But Christie . " According to the conservative media watchdog site , Newsbusters , since the bridge story broke on January 8 , NBC News has aired more than 25 full reports in less than 10 days . The angry liberal talk show hosts on MSNBC are even worse , droning on about the bridge story day after day in what is a blatant attempt to smear Christie . What do you suppose is more annoying ? Being stuck in traffic for hours on a bridge -- or watching the media get stuck for days on a story about a juvenile stunt that might , or might not , bloom into a full-blown scandal ? I 'd have to go with the latter , especially when you consider that the media seem addicted to the story in hopes that it could somehow derail the plans of a Republican presidential hopeful . It 's a long walk from one to the other , but see if you can follow me there . If Christie was in the loop , then he lied at his marathon press conference . If there is one thing that our friends in the Fourth Estate will not tolerate it 's a liar . That is , at least not a Republican liar . That 's part of the problem with this , the sense that a story about partisanship run amok is itself partisan in the way it 's being covered . Left-leaning elements of the media are trying to blow it up into a scandal to help clear the way for the likely Democratic presidential nominee -- Hillary Clinton . The other problem is that too many Americans have quickly jumped to the wrong conclusion . No , not about whether Christie knew about the prank and conspired to inconvenience scores of New Jersey residents in order to bully a political opponent . I 'm talking about the other conclusion -- the one about how being a bully is a negative trait in an elected official , and perhaps even enough to end a political career . Is that so ? Who made that determination ? Think back to the great leaders who helped define the last century -- from Teddy Roosevelt to Winston Churchill to Franklin D. Roosevelt to Harry Truman to Margaret Thatcher to Ronald Reagan . You had better believe that those people had moments when they acted like bullies . That 's part of politics . Besides , it seems like just yesterday that presidential candidates like George H.W. Bush and Michael Dukakis were trying to stiffen their upper lips and overcome the so-called "  wimp factor . " We Americans are a fickle bunch . America could use more strength on the world stage . We need n't push around other countries , but -- whether we 're talking about China or Libya or North Korea -- we also need a president who wo n't let our country be pushed around either . Who 's afraid of big , bad bullies ? Voters are n't . They keep voting them into office -- perhaps in the hopes that they 'll use their strength for good . I 'm still not sure that Christie knows how to do that . Yet , if he aspires to greatness , and to be the kind of leader that helps define this century , he had better learn fast . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Tom Brokaw 's right -- Media should move on from Christie story Navarrette : Media are addicted to story , hoping to derail a Christie presidential bid He says a report about partisanship run amok is partisan in the way it 's covered Navarrette : They say Christie 's a bully , but since when is that bad in politics ?
The fire that engulfed the Porsche carrying actor Paul Walker apparently did not erupt until a minute after the car clipped a light pole Saturday . That conclusion is based on security camera video obtained by CNN that shows black smoke starting to rise from the crash scene 60 seconds after it shows the light pole and a tree falling . Could Walker and the other occupant in the car have made it out in those 60 seconds ? That 's hard to tell . The two may have died on impact when the car struck the light pole . The answer might be clearer when the coroner 's office releases its preliminary findings of the autopsies of the remains of two men -- presumed to be Walker and friend Roger Rodas , a coroner 's officer said . The autopsies were completed Tuesday , Los Angeles County Coroner Lt. Fred Corral said . But investigators have placed a "  security hold " on it for now . The coroner will not even disclose if the identities have been confirmed using dental X-rays . Officially , the dead are only identified as case numbers . Corral did not give a reason for the secrecy , which can be requested by law enforcement agencies during an investigation . It is often done in cases involving criminal probes , but there has been no indication this is anything more than a traffic accident investigation . The autopsies should be able to confirm whether Rodas , as witnesses reported , was behind the wheel with Walker in the passenger seat . Video obtained by CNN Tuesday from a security camera posted on a building on the opposite side of the street from the crash does not show the Porsche Carerra GT crashing along a business park street in Valencia , California , Saturday afternoon . It does show the light pole and tree falling . Smoke is faintly visible above the scene 60 seconds later , followed by a heavy plume of black smoke after two minutes . As investigators searched for more information about the accident that killed the popular "  Fast & Furious " actor on Saturday , one of his co-stars dramatically addressed grieving fans . Using a police car 's loudspeaker , actor Vin Diesel thanked a crowd of mourning fans , calling Walker an "  angel up in Heaven . " Every night since the crash fans have gathered and left mementos near the spot on a wide business park road in Valencia , California , about 30 miles north of Hollywood , according to Walker 's publicist and CNN affiliate KCAL . Rodas , owner of a high-performance car shop , is believed to have been driving . Both Rodas and Walker were drivers for Rodas ' Always Evolving racing team , according to the team 's website . By Tuesday Diesel had posted several pictures of his friend on his Facebook page . And earlier this week , another co-star , Tyrese Gibson , broke down sobbing as he laid a yellow flower at the site . "  My heart is hurting so bad no one can make me believe this is real , " the singer and actor posted on Instagram . He also shared the duo 's last text exchange . Walker 's father , Paul Walker Sr. , choked back tears Monday . "  His heart was so big , " he told CNN affiliate KCAL . "  I was proud of him every day of his life . " The actor had told his father that he wanted to take a hiatus from acting to spend more time with his 15-year-old daughter , Meadow , the elder Walker said . "  And then boom , he got another movie . He would say , ' I do n't know what to do . ' " He said the actor 's siblings are having an especially hard time grappling with the death . "  I 'm just ... glad that every time I saw him , I told him I loved him , " the father said . "  And he would say the same thing to me . " The Walker family issued a statement expressing thanks for "  the outpouring of love and goodwill from his many fans and friends . " They asked that instead of flowers , people make donations to his charity , Reach Out Worldwide . The actor was at a benefit for the charity just before he died . "  It 's comforting for them to know that the son , brother , and father they love so much is equally adored , respected , and appreciated by so many , " the statement said . "  Paul founded the organization with the genuine desire to help others , and it 's important to his family to keep his memory alive through ROWW . " No memorial service plans have been made , Walker 's publicist has said . How fast ? Meanwhile a Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office probe is focused on the speed of the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT , the spokesman told CNN . Sheriff 's Sgt. Richard Cohen told CNN that authorities received a tip Sunday suggesting that another car was at the scene racing the Porsche when it slammed into a light pole and burst into flames . But investigators have since ruled out the presence of a second vehicle and the theory that the Porsche was drag racing , a spokesman said Monday afternoon . But speed was a factor in the crash , the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office said . A 45-mph speed limit sign was attached to the light pole knocked down by the Porsche . The car , which sold for $ 450,000 when new , is a notoriously difficult vehicle to handle , even for professional drivers , according to Autoweek magazine . A top driver called it "  scary , " the magazine reported Sunday . It is powered by a V-10 , 610-hp engine . The wreck took place about 3:30 p.m. Saturday . Antonio Holmes told the Santa Clarita Valley Signal newspaper that he was at the charity event when Walker and Rodas left for a ride in the Porsche . "  We all heard from our location , " Holmes told the Signal . "  It 's a little difficult to know what it was . Someone called it in and said it was a vehicle fire . We all ran around and jumped in cars and grabbed fire extinguishers and immediately went to the vehicle . It was engulfed in flames . There was nothing . They were trapped . Employees , friends of the shop . We tried . We tried . We went through fire extinguishers . " 5 reasons the car Walker died in is different Jim Torp , a car enthusiast who was at the charity event , said Walker was smiling as he got into the Porsche minutes earlier . Torp thought he heard a blast in the distance before the car slammed into a light pole , he said . "  What the first explosion was -- I do n't know if their tire blew up , because it sounded like a tire blew on the car , " Torp told CNN Monday . Skid marks on the asphalt near the crash site , which indicate a car was doing doughnut spins , also are being examined , Cohen said . It 's not uncommon for people to speed down that street , and two years ago deputies tried to crack down on that , he said . Torp told CNN that he looked closely at the skid marks and concluded they were left by a car with smaller tires . Remarkable generosity There are tales of Walker 's incredible generosity . CNN confirmed one story from a decade ago when Walker noticed a young U.S. soldier shopping with his fiancee for a wedding ring in a Santa Barbara jewelry store . "  The groom was just back from duty in Iraq , and he was going to be deployed again soon and wanted to buy a wedding ring , but he said he just could not afford it , " saleswoman Irene King told CNN . "  I do n't think the soldier realized how expensive those rings are , about $ 10,000 . " The couple apparently did not know who Walker was , King said . "  Walker called the manager over and said , ` Put that girl 's ring on my tab , ' " she said . "  Walker left all his billing info , and it was a done deal . The couple was stunned . She was thrilled and could not believe someone did this . " King called it "  the most generous thing I have ever seen . " The day Walker died he was at a holiday toy drive for Walker 's charity hosted by the store that Rodas owned . Walker and Rodas had planned Saturday as a day to help survivors of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines . The car shop website invited customers to a "  Charity Toy Drive & Automotive Social Gathering . " "  During the holiday season , many economically disadvantaged children from around the world are faced with the same dilemma year after year ; the lacking of joy and cheer , " the invitation read . "  Our goal here is to be able to provide aid to these less fortunate children in hopes of helping them grow up to become confident , responsible and productive young adults . " Box office success Walker 's career began on the small screen , first with a commercial for Pampers when he was 2 , and then with parts in shows such as "  Highway to Heaven " and "  Touched by an Angel . " His first few movie roles were as supporting characters in teen flicks , most notably in "  Varsity Blues . " But his career really took off when he was cast as undercover cop Brian O'Conner infiltrating a street-racing gang in 2001 's "  The Fast and the Furious . " The box-office success of the surprise summer hit yielded numerous sequels . And along with Vin Diesel , Walker was one of the franchise stalwarts . The six "  Fast & Furious " films sold a total of $ 2.6 billion in tickets worldwide , according to BoxOfficeMojo . Walker was n't just a car enthusiast on the silver screen ; off screen , the actor competed in the Redline Time Attack racing series . On his verified Twitter account , Walker described himself as an "  outdoorsman , ocean addict , adrenaline junkie ... and I do some acting on the side . " Walker also is the star of "  Hours , " an independent film scheduled to be released December 13 about a father struggling to keep his newborn infant alive in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans . People we lost in 2013 Future of franchise Walker was in the middle of the seventh film in the "  Fast & Furious " franchise . The film was due out next year . It 's unclear how the movie 's production might proceed . When Oliver Reed died in the middle of the production of "  Gladiator , " the rest of his scenes included a digitally produced image of his face on another actor 's body , Tom O'Neil , editor of the show business website Goldderby.com , told CNN . In some cases , other actors have filled in for co-stars who have passed away . "  We do n't know what they 'll do here , or even if they 'll just say , "  It may be tasteless to proceed at all because we ca n't be showing Paul Walker in a speeding car , defying death in a movie that ended up being the way he died , ' " O'Neil said . Walker and other stars who died during production	Coroner withholds autopsy findings , wo n't even confirm identities of dead Video obtained by CNN appears to show the car erupted in flames a minute after the crash Co-star Vin Diesel addresses crowd of grieving fans with police loudspeaker Sheriff 's office says it is focusing on speed as the cause of Saturday 's fiery crash
CNN  -- London 's new superyacht hotel is so enormous that when it first arrived in the city , authorities had to lower the water level by five meters just to fit it under a bridge . They even took the mast off the whopping vessel so it could squeeze underneath a motorway , with a gasp-inducing five centimeters to spare . The mast has now been reattached -- not that this five-storey floating hotel is going anywhere soon -- it does n't even have an engine . "  It took two weeks to tow it here from Finland , " explains Elzbieta Nowacka , Sunborn events and sales manager , during a tour of the 102-meter-long boat . "  To install an engine would have cost another Â # 25 million  $ 44 million  , so it was built without one on purpose . " Float your boat The swanky superyacht now sits on the banks of east London 's Royal Victoria Docks , and come late August it hopes to open its 136 rooms to the public , costing between $ 300 and $ 1,600 per night . Originally floating in conjunction with a luxury spa hotel in Finland , the vessel was given a refurbishment and tugged to the UK -- at a total cost of $ 67 million . "  You can not refer to these rooms as simply cabins , " says Nowacka , opening the door to one of the top-of-the-range executive suites , featuring its own sauna and a balcony big enough for 20 people . "  Not everybody can afford to go cruising on a superyacht , so this is a way of giving them a taste of how it could be . " Stepping inside the plush lobby I 'm greeted with a golden staircase , the twinkling light from the water outside reflected on its buffered surface . "  A lot of people say it reminds them of the Titanic staircase , " says Nowacka . "  We 've had quite a few requests from clients for Titanic-themed events , " she adds , without a hint of irony . Space race In a place with some of the most expensive property prices in the world , the Sunborn Superyacht Hotel has turned its gaze to London 's many waterways -- and it 's not the first European city in the company 's sights . The company opened its $ 200 million Gibraltar hotel earlier this year , moored in the tiny territory located off the southern tip of Spain . There are also plans for another five-star ship in Barcelona . "  I think it is definitely the future of design , because there are so many cities with large marinas and rivers that could be used as well , " said Nowacka . "  You can see it especially in central London , where we are running out of space in terms of building new hotels . " The London berth has been leased for the next 15 years , with views of looming skyscrapers , and the low roar of airplanes from nearby City Airport overhead . Step out onto the decking and it almost feels as though the planes are about to land right on board , and Nowacka is quick to point out the double-glazed windows render it silent inside . The hotel itself is attached to the land by two huge supporting arms , and connected to the electricity and sewerage mains . "  You can not feel any movement , maybe eight millimeters , but it 's impossible to feel seasick , " says Nowacka , as we take in the view from the third-storey deck , the summer glare bouncing off the water . Energized East End ? Decades ago , this part of London was a very different place . What was once one of the busiest ports in the world had become a deserted wasteland by 1980 . So much so that the grim image of a ruined city was the perfect setting for Stanley Kubrick 's 1987 Vietnam war film "  Full Metal Jacket . " It was n't until the London Docklands Development Corporation redeveloped the site towards the end of the decade -- including the financial hub of Canary Wharf -- that the area was reborn . "  This superyacht hotel creates a new set of symbols for the area -- in terms of the wealth it represents , it 's a huge change , " said Georgina Young , senior curator at the Museum of London . "  Now it 's all about service and luxury , so it 's a very different idea of the Docklands . Much like London itself has moved from an industry economy to a service-based economy . " Gazing across the skyline from the sunlit deck of the multimillion-dollar superyacht hotel , the East End of old feels very far away indeed . Inspire : Superyacht expeditions to the ends of the earth Learn : The secret life of a superyacht servant	Five-storey superyacht hotel opens in London 's East End Rooms cost between $ 300 and $ 1,600 per night Follows Gibraltar , plans for sister ship in Barcelona Was towed from Finland to England over two weeks
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Elizabeth and Mary Profit will not be taking center court at the U.S. Open women 's doubles final to face Venus and Serena Williams , but they share many of the athletic qualities that have made Venus and Serena the most dominant sisters in tennis history . Elizabeth Profit plays tennis while wearing an insulin monitor at her waist in this family photo . Elizabeth is 13 years old and holds a top ten ranking among 14-year-olds in Southern California . She is already defeating top-ranked players in the 18-year-old division . Her sister Mary , at 11 , is also a top-ranked player and dominating her age group . Mary won her first tournament at the age of 6 . Both girls started playing tennis as infants by hitting balls of socks across their living room . Their mother , Yvonne Profit , recognized their talent and saw it as an opportunity to develop sportsmanship and character and help them earn athletic scholarships at top national universities . So far , they have exceeded her expectations . In a sport that more often tends to develop players from affluent backgrounds , Elizabeth and Mary have already beaten overwhelming odds and endured the kind of adversity that too often ends in defeat . Watch how the sisters hope to achieve their tennis dreams " The Profit sisters grew up in a single-parent household and trained with less than stellar coaches . They developed an exemplary work ethic to compensate for a lack of resources , Elizabeth said . Yvonne , who earned a degree at the University of Michigan , decided to give up her full-time job and move her daughters into an RV to keep up with the rigorous demands of traveling for tournaments . Elizabeth sleeps on a couch . There is a portable stove and shower . But the girls view living in an RV as an inconvenience rather than a hardship . The Profit sisters may be on a path toward a professional tennis career , but Elizabeth 's story off the court is just as compelling . She has juvenile diabetes and has been living with the disease since the age of 2 , when her body stopped producing insulin . Elizabeth learned how to test her blood sugar levels before the age of 3 and two years later , she began administering insulin injections on her own . "  My mom said I 'm not going use my diabetes as a disability , " said Elizabeth . "  I 've got it for the rest of my life . And if they miraculously find a cure for it then that 's great , but I have to live with it . I ca n't make excuses . " Until she learned how to manage diabetes , Elizabeth found herself collapsing at times . "  In this one particular tournament Elizabeth played in , her blood sugar was totally out of control and I kept hollering out to her , ` Quit ! Retire , you do n't have to do this , ' " said Yvonne . "  She stopped and she turned around and said , ' I can do this . I can do this , Mom . ' " Elizabeth went on to win the match and the tournament . "  By the time we got home , she had collapsed on the floor . And I said , ` Sweetie pie , why did n't you quit ? ' " Yvonne remembered . "  Because you did n't raise me to be a quitter , " Elizabeth told her mother . In spite of her diabetes , Elizabeth reached the No. 1 ranking in her age group in Southern California at 10 years old . Her sister Mary knows that diabetes can be debilitating and a matter of life and death , so she constantly watches over her older sister . "  Sometimes when I wake up to go to the bathroom , I check her blood sugar , when my mom 's sleeping , " said Mary . "  Sometimes I wake up and give her something if her blood sugar is low . " For the past ten years , Yvonne said , she has been unable to obtain private health insurance on the open market for her daughter because diabetes is considered a pre-existing medical condition . Elizabeth used to rely on a large insulin pump to make it through the day , but now she wears a small patch that releases insulin . Despite the inconvenience of checking her blood sugar level a dozen times a day , Elizabeth has not let diabetes deter her from achieving her goals . "  At 17 , I hope to see myself in the quarters of the U.S. Open like Melanie Oudin , " she said . "  I hope to win some grand slams and get that No. 1 ranking . " Elizabeth 's advice to anyone with diabetes is universal . "  I 'd say if you give up , you 're going to have to look back on your life and say , ` Oh I could have done this , I could have done that , ' " she said . "  You do n't want to let life pass you by . You 're going to have so many years to live , so you might as well have fun while you do it . And once you die , you 're going to have a legacy behind , so make your life as fun as you can . " Next year , Yvonne is planning to enter Elizabeth on the women 's professional tour , at the same age that Serena and Venus Williams turned pro .	Tennis player Elizabeth Profit , 13 , ranks high in her age group ; to turn pro next year Elizabeth has juvenile diabetes , manages it ; "  I ca n't make excuses , " she says Sister Mary , 11 , also a rising tennis star , watches over her older sister "  You do n't want to let life pass you by , " Elizabeth advises others with diabetes
CNN  -- Dozens of Americans have been among the thousands of foreigners who flocked to Syria to take part in its bloody , messy civil war . Yet for the three years , there was only one known American casualty . But , in a few short days , that death toll may have tripled . On Wednesday -- months after a Florida man killed himself in a northern Syria suicide bombing and a day after news broke that Douglas McAuthur McCain , a 33-year-old man reared in Minnesota , died fighting for ISIS -- a coalition of Syrian opposition groups announced that its forces had killed another American in battle . The coalition did not name the fallen American . But it did say he and McCain died as its forces battled Kharijites , a historical reference to fanatical Muslims who rejected moderate teachings and advocated killing those who violated ultraconservative values . The coalition noted that its fighters from groups with names such as Hazem Movement , the Islamic Front , Al-Mujahideen Army , Noureddine , al Zanki Battalion , Faylak Al Sham had joined those from the more moderate Free Syrian Army and more extremist al-Nusra Front . They took on ISIS forces last weekend in and around Aleppo -- which is where McCain was killed . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki , who was among those who reported McCain 's death , said the U.S. government is "  looking into " this latest reported American casualty , even if it has n't confirmed his death . Still , the idea of more Americans fighting for groups like ISIS , and more of them dying , would n't be surprising . Syria , after all , is n't exactly a stable place with stable borders . Nor is neighboring Iraq , where ISIS -- under the name it calls itself , the Islamic State -- has made major advances in recent weeks . "  The ability to travel into these countries demonstrates how porous the borders are , " said U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt , who had top roles in the State and Defense Departments in President George W. Bush 's administration . "  I think we need to understand that there 's going to be more of this rather than less of this . " Sources : McCain radicalized gradually There are no details on the third American casualty , but more is known about the other two . The first was Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha , a 22-year-old from Florida who joined al-Nusra Front , an al Qaeda-linked organization that the U.S. government has blacklisted as a foreign terror organization . The group showed a video of him , and U.S. officials later confirmed , taking part in a suicide bombing earlier this year in northern Syria . U.S. : Jihadi in suicide bombing video grew up in Florida And on Tuesday , the world was introduced to Douglas McCain . Friends and relatives described him as a decent man who loved to play basketball and loved his family . His conversion to Islam did n't alarm his relatives , according to uncle Ken McCain , though Facebook posts in support of ISIS did . He 'd been on U.S. authorities ' radar for some time by then . They become aware of McCain in the early 2000s , due to his association with others -- including one person from Minnesota who died in Somalia , apparently while fighting as a jihadi -- a U.S. official said . Still , there was no indication then that McCain -- who at one point studied Arabic at San Diego City College -- was involved in anything nefarious . Law enforcement sources told CNN that he appears to have radicalized gradually in the years since his conversion . Authorities did n't know about McCain 's travels to Turkey until he was already there , a U.S. official said . Turkey was also the last place where , several months ago , McCain was in contact with his relatives . At the time of his death , at least , McCain was on a list of Americans believed to have joined militant groups . Such people would be stopped and subjected to additional scrutiny if they traveled , according to the official . State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki added that U.S. authorities knew about McCain 's ties to ISIS . Psaki did n't say how they approached his case , specifically , though she did lay out the government 's general strategy and concerns about cases like his . "  We use every tool we have to disrupt and dissuade individuals from traveling abroad for violent jihad and to track and engage those who return  to the United States  , " Psaki told reporters Wednesday . "  McCain  is a reminder of the growing concern that the United States has , that many countries in the world have , about the thousands of foreign fighters from 50 nations who are engaged in Syria and who are affiliating themselves with ... extremist groups . " Opinion : ISIS : Is it really a threat to the U.S. ? Official : Americans-turned-extremists ` willing ... to die ' ISIS , especially , is n't just any extremist group . Its tactics are so brutal that even al Qaeda -- which was behind the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks -- disown them . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel last week called ISIS "  beyond just a terrorist group . They marry ideology , a sophistication of strategic and tactical military prowess . "  This is beyond anything we have seen , and we must prepare for everything . " Who is ISIS ? That includes more Americans dying . Some might be like McCain , who went to the Middle East to join the jihad . Or there may be more like James Foley , the American journalist that ISIS beheaded -- a gruesome execution that it videotaped and broadcast , along with the promise of more such killings if the United States does n't continue to strike ISIS in Iraq . Not only are n't U.S. officials refusing to back down against ISIS in Iraq , they are signaling that they might go after the group in Syria . If President Barack Obama OKs such strikes , he 'd be on the same side as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Nonetheless , U.S. officials insist they wo n't coordinate with al-Assad ; in fact , the Obama administration is pushing Congress for funding to train and equip "  moderate opposition " forces trying to unseat the Syrian leader . Official : Obama weighing options against ISIS in Syria Military action is n't the only way the United States is going after ISIS , officials say . There are also things like cutting off funding for the group as well as promoting stable and productive governments as an alternative to ISIS . But the U.S. focus is n't just about what 's happening in Syria and Iraq . It 's also about making sure there are n't people like McCain who join ISIS and end up returning home -- perhaps intending to unleash the group 's brutal brand of terror in their homelands . To this point , White House spokesman Josh Earnest insisted Wednesday "  we are working with Interpol and other law enforcement agencies , as well as homeland security agencies ... throughout the West and the region , to try to monitor the movements of these individuals and to mitigate the threats . " ... These are individuals who have been radicalized , " Earnest said . "  These are individuals who received some military training . And they have demonstrated , as Mr. McCain did , a willingness to die for their cause . " California man arrested , wanted to join ISIS Man arrested after overseas trip , accused of sympathizing with ISIS CNN 's Raja Razek , Josh Levs , Jim Sciutto , Andy Rose , Evan Perez , Rosalina Nieves , Samira Said and Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	Rebel coalition group claims 2 Americans -- including Douglas McCain -- die in Syria Only one has been named ; both were fighting with extremist militant groups in Syria U.S. official : Foreigners fighting for such extremist groups come from 50 nations Obama spokesman : U.S.-born extremists dangerous due to training , willingness to die
CNN  -- Concerned about her family 's finances , a university student in Australia cashed some long-forgotten lottery tickets this week -- hoping the money would help her parents . Have you ever won big after mislaying a lottery ticket ? Tell us -- click on Sound Off below . She discovered their worries are over . The university student won $ 10 million  A$ 13 million  -- and helped solve a lottery mystery that has made headlines in Western Australia for 10 months . "  People had been wondering for months , who is this mystery winner ? Do they know about this ticket ? " said Jodi Eastman , spokeswoman for Lotterywest , the state lottery . "  We have a 12 month expiry on lottery tickets . And people thought it might end up expiring and go unclaimed . " Have you ever won big on an old lottery ticket ? Sound Off below It would have , too , had the student -- who is in her 30s and asked lottery officials to keep her anonymous -- not woken up earlier this week , suddenly remembering the bundle of lottery tickets collecting dust in a drawer . She did n't know that among them was a gift from her father , who had purchased a ticket to test the family 's luck when the Oz Lotto jackpot climbed to $ 39  A$ 50 million  million last July . "  She said she thought , ` If I can win some money on these tickets , I can possibly help the family out , " Eastman said . The first couple of tickets yielded small amounts -- $ 16 total . "  She was pretty excited , " Eastman said . Then the woman had the clerk check the gift from her father . At first glance , she thought she 'd won $ 10,000  A$ 13,000  . No , the retail store clerk told her , it 's $ 10 million  A$ 13 million  . "  I checked the commas and decimal places and then I realized , " the woman told Lotterywest . "  I always remember Mum telling me that if I won the Lotto , not to start jumping up and down in the shopping center , " she added . Had she waited two more months , she would have missed the fortune . The woman told lottery officials she 's not planning a spending binge . "  The people close to me will be looked after and I might give some to research or a charity of some kind , " she told Lotterywest . "  It 's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams and the dreams of the people around me . " The winning ticket cost $ 6.70  A$ 8.70  . The odds she beat : 1 in 45 million .	Student finds old lottery ticket left to languish in drawer , wins $ 10 million Unclaimed prize made headlines in Western Australia , win solves mystery Ticket had been due to expire after 12 months , the winner claimed after 10 Anonymous winner : "  It 's nice to have this much to fulfill my dreams "
The Falkland Islands government announced Tuesday that the British territory will hold a referendum on its political status . The vote is intended to affirm islanders ' desire to remain a self-governing territory of the United Kingdom and to reject claims of ownership by nearby Argentina . The Argentine government in recent months has stepped up its rhetoric over the Falklands , saying that the U.K. is exploiting the resources of the islands it calls Las Malvinas . The British defeated Argentina in a 1982 war over the territory . "  We have thought carefully about how to convey a strong message to the outside world that expresses the views of the Falklands people in a clear , democratic and incontestable way , " said Gavin Short , chairman of the Falklands legislative assembly . "  So we have decided , with the full support of the British government , to hold a referendum on the Falkland Islands to eliminate any possible doubt about our wishes . " The vote will take place in the first half of 2013 . The Argentine government did not immediately respond to the announcement . Short accused the Argentine government of misleading rhetoric that implies that there is local support for Argentine rule . "  We certainly have no desire to be ruled by the government in Buenos Aires , a fact that is immediately obvious to anyone who has visited the islands and heard our views , " he said . This year marks the 30th anniversary of the war . The Falklands have been under British rule since 1833 . Britain won the 74-day war that began with an Argentine invasion attempt , but Argentina still presses claims to the islands , which are home to more than 3,000 people . The most recent controversy regarding the Falklands happened last month , when Argentina released a video boosting its Olympic team that was filmed on the islands . The advertisement showed Argentine field hockey star Fernando Zylberberg training in the streets of Port Stanley in the Falklands . The video ends with the slogan : "  To compete on English soil , we train on Argentine soil . " The British government accused Argentina of exploiting the Olympic Games , which will take place in London this year , for political ends . In March , six Nobel Peace Prize laureates wrote a letter to British Prime Minister David Cameron , urging him to hold talks with Argentina on the future of the Falkland Islands . The letter called on Cameron to "  review the British government 's position of refusing to dialogue on this matter . " The British government has repeatedly stated its position that the residents of the islands should be the ones to determine their fate . The planned referendum seeks to do just that . "  We are holding this referendum not because we have any doubts about who we are and what future we want , but to show the world just how very certain we are about that , " Short said .	The Falkland Islands will hold a referendum on its governance The vote has the backing of the British government Argentina also claims the British-held islands
London  CNN  -- British architect Marcus Lee is sat on a deck chair outside his family home in east London as a steady queue of strangers casually wanders in and out , taking photographs , pointing at various items of furniture and systematically inspecting every last bedroom , bathroom and cupboard . "  I 've spotted someone peering into my underwear drawer , but that 's fine , " he says . Lee is the brave owner of one of many hundreds of private homes , workplaces and municipal building scattered across London that opened their doors to the viewing public over the weekend for the capital city 's annual "  Open House " event . Watch Daniel Libeskind on Great Buildings The initiative , which celebrated its 20th anniversary this year , is designed to highlight some of London 's most architecturally significant buildings -- the majority of which would otherwise be closed to the general public . "  It 's the best way to get under the skin and become more knowledgeable about the capital 's architecture , " explains Victoria Thornton , founding director of Open House . It 's also the best way for the city 's nosiest neighbors to have a jolly good snoop . While Lee 's remarkable home -- built from a pre-fabricated timbre frame of frost-hardy Siberian larch -- has won numerous architectural awards , that 's not the only reason it has drawn a crowd . See more : Your favorite buildings "  It 's a beautifully designed home , and I love how open the space is and how bright it is , " said 21-year-old graphic design student Laura Coren . "  But , I have to admit , I also love looking at the photo albums on the wall , the book collection and all the stylish art works . " Lee 's home is a new-build , incorporating the latest in rainwater capture systems and sustainable building methods . But just a few minutes down the road , in the trendy east-London borough of Hackney , is one of the city 's most historic residences . Sutton House was built in 1535 , when King Henry VIII ruled over England and this part of London -- now busy with cars and tower blocks -- was set against miles of open grassland . See more : Heritage sites in peril One of the first Tudor homes to be made from brick , many of its original features -- including a vast stone fireplace and a wall of intricately carved dark wood panels -- remain to this day . "  I think -LSB- Open House -RSB- is great for engaging local people with the architectural heritage of their community , " says Robyn Finne , custodian of Sutton House on behalf of the UK 's National Trust organization . Finne explains that the building is part Tudor , part Georgian and part Victorian . "  In its time it has functioned as a home , a church , a school and even a squat ... it embodies the changing face of London , " she said . While many people are keen to immerse themselves in the hidden heritage of their hometown , others are simply looking for inspiration and a few DIY tricks . Over the entire weekend , James Wright was giving scheduled tours of his converted Victorian home . Though distinctive for its sleek , minimalist interior , the conversion is exceptional for its application energy-saving and environmentally friendly materials . "  I 'm participating in Open House because I want to inspire people to do the same with their home , " he said . During his tour , Wright explained in detail how to install evacuated solar water heating tubes and how best to insulate period sash window frames without diminishing their appearance . But it was n't enough . As soon as he 'd finished talking , Wright was inundated with queries . In a typical exchange , an elderly man asked Wright if the paint he had used throughout was chemical free . Before he could answer , another lady demanded to know : "  And is it easily wipeable ? " On the buses and trains in between venues , fellow Open House attendees were identifiable by the conspicuous green guidebook in their hands . "  Even though you 're being welcomed in , it sill feels a little bit naughty " said 29 year-old Londoner Becky Stevens , on her way to catch a glimpse from the top of the iconic "  Gherkin " tower -- Norman Foster 's elliptical skyscaper in London 's financial district . "  Let the tourists stare up at Big Ben and the Tower of London , " said Stevens , with a conspiratorial smile , "  Open House is like a little secret treat for the locals . "	London Open House weekend offers chance to visit buildings and spaces otherwise closed to the public Both private and public buildings open their doors in the annual event which attracts thousands of people Private homes with novel selling points or redesigns prove equally popular as famous London landmarks
CNN  -- A court in Jordan acquitted radical preacher Abu Qatada of charges of plotting to bomb millennium celebrations in Jordan in 2000 , semi-state owned newspaper Addustour reported Wednesday . The court ordered his immediate release if no other cases are raised against him , the newspaper said . Qatada , whose real name is Omar Othman , was cleared in July of charges of conspiracy to bomb a U.S. school in Jordan in the late 1990s , state media reported . The cleric was deported from the United Kingdom last year , ending a years-long legal battle to force him to leave the country . A Jordanian national , he was wanted in his home country , where he had been convicted in absentia on two charges of conspiracy to cause explosions . Britain had been trying to deport him since 2001 , but his legal appeals kept him there until last year . Home Office : He 's not coming back Following the news of his acquittal , a Home Office spokesman told CNN that Abu Qatada would not be returning to Britain . "  Abu Qatada 's retrial in Jordan was made possible thanks to this government 's determination to successfully deport him from the UK to face the courts in his own country , " he said . "  It is right that the due process of law has taken place in Jordan . The UK courts agreed that Abu Qatada posed a threat to national security in the UK , so we are pleased that we were able to remove him . "  Abu Qatada remains subject to a deportation order and a United Nations travel ban . He is not coming back to the UK . " Torture fears In January 2012 , the European Court of Human Rights blocked Britain from sending him to Jordan over fears that evidence obtained by torture could be used against him at trial . British authorities said he raised funds for terrorist groups , including organizations linked to al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , and publicly supported militants ' violent activities . Videos of his preaching were found in a German apartment used by some of those involved in the 9/11 attacks on the United States , including ringleader Mohammed Atta . Abu Qatada had denied the allegations against him . He arrived in the UK in 1993 and applied for asylum on the grounds that he had been tortured by Jordanian authorities . He came to Britain on a forged United Arab Emirates passport , according to court documents , and claimed asylum for himself , his wife and their three children . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Qatada will not be able to return to the United Kingdom , Home Office says The cleric is acquitted of plotting to bomb millennium celebrations in Jordan His immediate release is ordered if no other cases are raised , newspaper says He was deported from Britain last year after a legal battle lasting years
Dusseldorf , Germany  CNN  Years before he was at the controls of a Germanwings plane that plunged into the French Alps , Andreas Lubitz told the airline he worked for that he 'd had a bout with depression . Lubitz , the co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525 who authorities accuse of deliberately crashing the plane , told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a "  previous episode of severe depression , " the airline said Tuesday . Email correspondence between Lubitz and the school discovered in an internal investigation , Lufthansa said , included medical documents he submitted in connection with resuming his flight training . The announcement indicates that Lufthansa , the parent company of Germanwings , knew of Lubitz 's battle with depression , allowed him to continue training and ultimately put him in the cockpit . Lufthansa , whose CEO previously said Lubitz was 100 % fit to fly , described its statement Tuesday as a "  swift and seamless clarification " and said it was sharing the information and documents -- including training and medical records -- with public prosecutors . What was mental state of Germanwings co-pilot ? It 's a development that will likely be a part of the crash investigation , but it 's only one piece of the puzzle , CNN aviation correspondent Richard Quest said . "  We need to know what happened after he returned in 2009 and finished his training , because that tells us whether there was the correct procedure and process , " he said . A Lufthansa spokesperson told CNN on Tuesday that Lubitz had a valid medical certificate , had passed all his examinations and "  held all the licenses required . " Check out the latest from our correspondents The details about Lubitz 's correspondence with the flight school during his training were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into what caused the crash and Lubitz 's possible motive for downing the jet . Earlier , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office in Dusseldorf said Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career . Medical records reveal that Lubitz was suicidal at one time and underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot 's license , prosecutor 's spokesman Christoph Kumpa said . Kumpa emphasized there 's no evidence suggesting Lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash . Investigators are looking into whether Lubitz feared his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot 's license , a European government official briefed on the investigation into last week 's crash told CNN on Tuesday . While flying was "  a big part of his life , " the source said , it 's only one theory being considered . Another source , a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation , also told CNN that authorities believe the primary motive for Lubitz to bring down the plane was that he feared he would not be allowed to fly because of his medical problems . Lubitz 's girlfriend told investigators he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist , both of whom deemed him unfit to work recently and concluded he had psychological issues , the European government official said . Lubitz told the neuropsychologist that he was too stressed with work , the official said . But no matter what details emerge about his previous mental health struggles , there 's more to the story , said Brian Russell , a forensic psychologist . "  Psychology can explain why somebody would turn rage inward on themselves about the fact that maybe they were n't going to keep doing their job and they 're upset about that and so they 're suicidal , " he said . "  But there is no mental illness that explains why somebody then feels entitled to also take that rage and turn it outward on 149 other people who had nothing to do with the person 's problems . " Reports say a cell phone video shows the nightmarish final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525 , but a police spokesman said the accounts were "  completely wrong . " French magazine Paris Match and German newspaper Bild reported that a video recovered from a phone at the wreckage site showed the inside of the plane moments before it crashed . "  One can hear cries of ` My God ' in several languages , " Paris Match reported . "  Metallic banging can also be heard more than three times , perhaps of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object . Towards the end , after a heavy shake , stronger than the others , the screaming intensifies . Then nothing . " The two publications described the video , but did not post it on their websites . The publications reported that they watched the video , which was found by a source close to the investigation . "  It is a very disturbing scene , " said Julian Reichelt , editor-in-chief of Bild online . An official with France 's accident investigation agency , the BEA , said the agency is not aware of any such video . Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini , a French Gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the Germanwings crash site , told CNN that the reports were "  completely wrong " and "  unwarranted . " Cell phones have been collected at the site , he said , but that they "  had n't been exploited yet . " Menichini said he believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois , near Paris , in order to be analyzed by specialized technicians working hand-in-hand with investigators . But none of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the institute , Menichini said . Asked whether staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media , Menichini answered with a categorical "  no . " Reichelt told "  Erin Burnett : Outfront " that he had watched the video and stood by the report , saying Bild and Paris Match are "  very confident " that the clip is real . He noted that investigators only revealed they 'd recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports . "  That is something we did not know before . ... Overall we can say many things of the investigation were n't revealed by the investigation at the beginning , " he said . While investigators search for clues to Lubitz 's motivation , recovery workers continue the grim task of searching for the remains of those killed in the March 24 crash . The remains of at least 78 people on board the plane have been identified so far using DNA analysis . Naffrechoux warned Monday that "  it may not be possible to find the human remains of all the 150 passengers , as some of them may have been pulverized by the crash . " But French President Francois Hollande , speaking alongside German Chancellor Angela Merkel in Berlin , was more positive , saying that it should be possible to identify all the victims by the end of the week . A simple stone memorial has been set up at Le Vernet , where grieving relatives of those killed have laid flowers and held prayers . Germanwings crash compensation : What we know Who was the captain of Germanwings Flight 9525 ? The BEA , France 's accident investigation agency , said its ongoing safety investigation was focusing on a more detailed analysis of the flight history leading up to the crash , based on the audio recovered from the cockpit voice recorder and any other available data . "  A deliberate act by a man with a disturbed psychological profile is a possible scenario , " BEA spokeswoman Martine Del Bono told CNN . "  The first step of the investigation is to describe more precisely what happened . " This will be based mainly on analysis of the cockpit voice recorder , to be supplemented by data from the flight data recorder if it is found , she said . "  But we will also look at other events with possibly similar scenarios , try to understand if there are systemic weaknesses which may contribute or facilitate such scenarios . "  We will in particular look at the cockpit door locking as well as the criteria and procedures applied to detect specific psychological profiles . " CNN 's Pamela Brown reported from Dusseldorf and Frederik Pleitgen from Cologne , while Catherine E. Shoichet wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Josh Levs , Pamela Boykoff , Antonia Mortensen , Sandrine Amiel , Margot Haddad , Anna-Maja Rappard and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Andreas Lubitz had informed his Lufthansa training school of an episode of severe depression , airline says A police spokesman say reports about video found in Germanwings wreckage are "  completely wrong " Journalists at Bild and Paris Match are "  very confident " the video clip is real , an editor says
After hours of debate on the massive government spending package , the Senate adjourned until Saturday , pushing a fight that dominated Congress for days into the weekend . The Senate is expected to vote Monday on the $ 1.1 trillion package , which has already passed the House , Sens. Mitch McConnell and Barbara Mikulski said late Friday . Members from both parties in the Senate are trying to make last-minute changes to the bill . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid made a procedural move Friday that would set up a vote on final passage in the Senate no later than Monday . In a surprise development , the Senate recessed until Saturday , when it is expected to approve a five-day continuing resolution to keep the government operating until the bill is completed . Reid tried to get unanimous consent for an adjournment until Monday when there would be enough votes to end the filibuster , but Sen. Mike Lee , R-Utah , objected because Reid would not guarantee a vote on an amendment dealing with immigration funding . Reid then announced to an almost empty chamber that the Senate will be in session beginning at noon Saturday . It 's unclear whether both sides will speed things up enough Saturday for a vote on the spending package . Two votes are expected Monday : a procedural vote to overcome the filibuster and end debate on the bill , and a second one on the final passage . The Senate was facing a Saturday deadline to approve the spending bill and avert a government shutdown , but that was pushed back . Earlier Friday , the House approved a five-day stopgap bill to make sure the government was continually funded . The chamber has been sifting through many of the same arguments that tied up the House on Thursday , when disagreements over immigration and provisions related to Wall Street and campaign finance nearly derailed the bill . Senate lawmakers wanted votes on amendments that would address those issues . ` Using every tool available ' Sen. Elizabeth Warren , D-Massachusetts , and Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , filed an amendment that would strip a provision that softens financial regulations on banks from the spending bill . "  Congress should not put taxpayers on the hook for another bailout , and this giveaway that was drafted by Citigroup lobbyists has no place in a critical government funding bill , " Warren said . Meanwhile , Sen. Ted Cruz , R-Texas , a chief critic of President Barack Obama 's recent executive action on immigration , also said he wanted a vote to block those actions . "  I think it is critical that the Senate have the opportunity to have a clear up or down vote on funding President Obama 's illegal executive amnesty , " he told reporters . "  I am using every tool available to help bring about that vote . " But by making the procedural move , Reid prevented those amendments from being considered . Amendment votes could have been risky because if either measure passed , the spending bill would have to go back to the House to be voted on again . While the House is technically in session , most members have left Washington until the new Congress convenes in early January . A day after his administration scrambled to save the bill after it appeared it might be defeated in the House , the President said he was pulling for it in the Senate . "  I 'm glad it passed the House and am hopeful that it will pass the Senate , " he said .	Lawmakers from both parties seeking amendments Senate was facing a Saturday deadline to approve the $ 1.1 trillion spending bill 5-day continuing resolution expected to keep government operating until bill is completed
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- While most sitting Supreme Court justices refuse to comment about current and future nominees to that bench , one member says she ca n't wait to welcome Judge Sonia Sotomayor to that exclusive club . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg her views occasionally are ignored by the male justices . Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg , the only women on the nine-member court , told a group of lawyers and judges this weekend she was "  cheered " at the nomination of Sotomayor . Ginsburg said the 54-year-old federal appeals court judge brings "  a wealth of experience in the law and in life . I am glad to no longer be the lone woman on the court , and look forward to a new colleague well-equipped to handle the challenges our work presents . " Her remarks were made at a semi-private conference in Upstate New York . The justice has made no secret of her desire to see greater gender diversity on her court . She has lamented the departure of her friend and colleague Sandra Day O'Connor in 2006 . She told USA Today just weeks before Justice David Souter announced his retirement that more women should join her . "  Women belong in all places where decision are being made , " she said . "  I do n't say -LSB- the split -RSB- should be 50-50 . It could be 60 percent men , 40 percent women , or the other way around . It should n't be that women are the exception . " Sotomayor has drawn controversy with her remarks at a 2001 speech : "  I would hope that a wise Latina woman with the richness of her experience would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n't lived that life . " She has echoed the sentiment in related talks she has given over the years . Ginsburg spoke weeks before Sotomayor was tapped for the high court about observations she and O'Connor had made in the past that were similar to Sotomayor 's . "  You know the line that Sandra and I keep repeating ... that ` at the end of the day , a wise old man and a wise old woman reach the same judgment ' ? " she told USA Today . "  But there are perceptions that we have because we are women . It 's a subtle influence . We can be sensitive to things that are said in draft opinions that -LSB- male justices -RSB- are not aware can be offensive . " Ginsburg used the word "  same " to describe the outcome , Sotomayor used the word "  better , " a wording she has told senators privately she now regrets . Ginsburg noted gender differences are "  seldom in the outcome . " But then , she said , "  it is sometimes in the outcome . " Ginsburg expressed frustration in that interview with how her male colleagues view her role , and how they view certain cases . She said in closed door conferences where all the justices gather to decide cases and pending appeals , her views occasionally are ignored . "  When I will say something -- and I do n't think I 'm a confused speaker -- and it is n't until somebody else says it that everyone will focus on the point . " The same thing can happen in the public setting of oral arguments , the 76-year-old justice said . A case from April dealt with whether school officials abused their discretion by conducting a strip search on a 13-year-old female student who was suspected of carrying ibuprofen medicine , in violation of the school 's anti-drug policy . In arguments , she asked a lawyer for the school , "  After Redding -LSB- the student -RSB- was searched and nothing was found , she was put in a chair outside the vice principal 's office for over two hours , and her mother was n't called . What was the reason for ... putting her in that humiliating situation ? " Her colleague Justice Stephen Breyer had noted , "  I 'm trying to work out why is this a major thing to , say , strip down to your underclothes , which children do when they change for gym , " Breyer said . "  How bad is this , underclothes ? That 's what I 'm trying to get at . I 'm asking because I do n't know . " Ginsburg countered that the girl was told by female staffers "  to shake -LSB- her -RSB- bra out , to shake , shake , stretch the top of -LSB- her -RSB- pants . " In another case this term , the court ruled time off given women decades ago for pregnancy leave can not be counted when deciding pension eligibility . Ginsburg dissented strongly , noting , "  Certain attitudes about pregnancy and childbirth throughout human history have sustained pervasive , often law-sanctioned , restrictions on a woman 's place among paid workers and active citizens . " The appeal had parallels to a similar workplace discrimination claim involving Lily Ledbetter . The former tire company manager alleged she was paid less than her male counterparts for equal work for about two decades , but did not find out about the discrimination until she was about to retire . The high court in 2007 ruled against her , saying existing federal law did not allow such lawsuits to be filed so late . Most workers had 180 days to file a claim after the first discriminatory pay decision . But President Obama , in the first bill he signed when taking office in January , made law the Lily Ledbetter Act . It nullified the high court decision and said every new paycheck received over the years based on a discriminatory act -- regardless of when the first discrimination occurred -- would extend the statute of limitations 180 days . Ginsburg told reporter Joan Biskupic that oral arguments in the 2009 pregnancy case were , "  just for me , Ledbetter repeated . " Ginsburg is still recovering from surgery and post-operation chemotherapy after an early diagnosis in January for pancreatic cancer . Ginsburg has had no outward signs of complications , and has kept up with her busy schedule , both on and off the bench . She has told friends and colleagues privately she is doing well , and plans to be back on the bench for the start of the fall term . Sotomayor 's Senate confirmation hearings will begin July 13 .	Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg happy about possibility of female colleague Ginsburg : "  Women belong in all places where decision are being made " She says Sotomayor "  well-equipped to handle the challenges our work presents "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A Russian naval ship rescued a Dutch container vessel under attack by suspected Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden , the head of the International Maritime Bureau said Wednesday . The Liberian-flagged oil tanker Sirius Star was recently released by pirates off Somalia . Two or three pirate speedboats were chasing the Dutch ship , with the goal of boarding it , when the Russians intervened , said Capt. Pottengal Mukundan , director of the International Maritime Bureau in London . He said the pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship , but no injuries were reported . The incident occurred about midday Tuesday . The Russians chased one of the speedboats but the pirates got away , Mukundan said . He said he did not know where the Dutch ship was headed . "  It is important that the naval vessels continue to respond robustly to these pirates , " he said . Watch how attacks peaked in 2008 " Hijackings off the coast of East Africa have become a growing international concern , prompting a number of foreign navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden and neighboring coastal areas . The Gulf of Aden links the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea . About 20,000 oil tankers , freighters and merchant vessels pass along the crucial shipping route near Somalia each year . Most of the attacks are blamed on pirates based in largely lawless Somalia , a country racked by poverty and conflict . Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with a pirate According to the United Nations , there were 115 reported pirate attacks off the Somali coast in 2008 , including 46 successful hijackings . Read blog on how CNN contacted a pirate The troubling rise in Somali piracy has led the United Nations to step up efforts to tackle the crime . The first U.N. group to address piracy met Wednesday in New York . Mark Kimmitt , U.S. assistant secretary of state for political-military affairs chaired the "  contact group " of two dozen nations and five multi-national organizations . He said the group was formed to "  establish a counter-piracy coordination mechanism , " and the members believe more can be done to halt piracy . Still , Kimmitt noted that less than one percent of manifests off the Somali coast are attacked by pirates and only 50 percent of those have crew and passengers taken hostage . The U.N. Security Council adopted a resolution in December expanding counter-piracy measures off the Horn of Africa , including a stipulation that allows national and regional military forces to chase pirates onshore in Somalia when in "  hot pursuit . "	NEW : First United Nations group to address piracy meets in New York Two or three speedboats were chasing the Dutch container ship , IMB says IMB : The pirates fired two rocket-propelled grenades at the Dutch ship Hijackings off East Africa have led international navies to patrol the Gulf of Aden
CNN  At first Raymond Goldstein thought he 'd received a spam email . The message to the Cambridge University physicist was asking for help working out the dynamics of hair , specifically the shape of ponytails . Goldstein thought he 'd "  won the Nigerian lottery . " Poised to click delete , he scrolled through the message one more time and discovered it was from global consumer goods giant Unilever . Curiosity piqued , he met with a company representative , and the rest , as they say , is history . Assembling a team of balding physicists , Goldstein set out to tackle the subject , publishing their research in a peer review journal . It detailed the fluid mechanics of hair , drawing on a rich seam of scientific observation stretching back to Da Vinci . They even coined a new term : hairodynamics . Attention from the scientific community soon followed , and within a year they were collecting a Nobel Prize . An Ig Nobel Prize , that is . A satirical cousin to the more esteemed Swedish award , the Ig Nobel seeks to highlight research that first makes you laugh , then makes you think . This year marks their 25th anniversary , so what better time to celebrate the Ig Nobels ' contribution to the research community ? Every year thousands vie for the awards -- "  always sourced from the cheapest materials " according to founder Marc Abrahams -- held at Harvard University . The ceremony is bathos at its finest . Winners receive their awards from genuine Nobel laureates , but speeches are curtailed by a screaming girl declaring her boredom . Each year a cast of professional singers and scientists perform a mini-opera . Last year 's was set to Mozart and featured a chorus of microbial bacteria . Past recipients include a man who dressed up as a polar bear to scare reindeer and a study of homosexual necrophilia among mallard ducks  commended by Abrahams for "  its high literary quality "  . However , not all winners can have such high scientific kudos . The Ig Nobels skewered the U.S. Government in 2012 , awarding them the Prize for Literature "  for issuing a report about reports about reports that recommends the preparation of a report about the report about reports about reports . " You can read it here . In 2009 the Math Prize went to Gideon Gono , then head of Zimbabwe 's Reserve Bank , for printing a Z$ 100 trillion note  while also printing 1c  . Last year the Italian National Institute of Statistics landed the Economics Prize for bringing the country out of recession through the use of prostitutes , drugs and smuggling .  The Italian government ended up setting a precedent in Europe , with the UK soon including the so-called "  black economy " in its figures -- national GDP jumped by 5 % that quarter , equivalent to $ 15 billion . As proved by the Ig Nobels , the line between ridiculous and serious research has always been blurred . This is no better reflected than in Dutch-British physicist Andre Geim . In 2000 Geim scooped the Ig Nobel for Biology for using magnets to levitate frogs . Ten years later he went on to receive the Nobel Prize in Physics for his "  groundbreaking experiments regarding the two-dimensional material graphene . " It is hard to say which is the greater achievement . Abrahams is currently touring the UK touting the Igs , supported by previous winners such as Goldstein and potential candidates like David Dunstan , who found fame by conducting a two year study into the homing properties of garden snails  his modus operandi : throwing them over the garden fence  . Soon Abrahams will have to settle down and sift through what he predicts will be about 9,000 entries , before the anniversary ceremony on September 17 . Despite his longstanding and much admired pastiche of the Nobels , he is still yet to be invited to Stockholm for the awards proper . Asked if he would attend if offered the opportunity , Abrahams demurs , saying "  he would n't want to be a distraction . " And as for what the Nobel Prize could learn from his own mischievous creation ? "  Absolutely nothing . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Great photos from the world 's smallest satellites So long , transistor : How the ` memristor ' could revolutionize electronics Laser procedure can turn brown eyes blue	The Ig Nobel Prizes will celebrate their 25th anniversary in September this year Previous winners of the satirical awards have gone on to win an actual Nobel Prize
EW.com  -- Is this the face of a beautiful prima ballerina who burns for her beautiful brother -- and yearns for revenge against her equally beautiful mother ? Lifetime thinks so . EW can confirm that 26-year-old Rose McIver will star as Cathy in "  Petals on the Wind , " the network 's upcoming sequel to its hit adaptation of V.C. Andrews 's "  Flowers in the Attic . " McIver will inherit the role from Kiernan Shipka , who played Cathy from ages 12 through 15 in the first film . The novel on which Petals is based picks up immediately where Flowers leaves off , covering a sequence of events that take place over the course of 12 years ; Lifetime 's movie version will take a different approach , beginning a decade after the events of the first movie .  Which is a good thing , since it means viewers will be spared scenes of Sally Draper seducing a 40-year-old man . McIver , a New Zealand native , may be known best to American audiences as Vivian Scully on Showtime 's "  Masters of Sex " or Tinker Bell on ABC 's "  Once Upon a Time . " As her Facebook page notes , McIver also used to study ballet and jazz dance -- which may come in handy when playing dancer-turned-teacher Cathy . She joins returning "  Flowers " cast members Heather Graham and Ellen Burstyn , who will reprise their roles Cathy 's wicked mother and grandmother , respectively . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	McIver will star as Cathy in "  Petals on the Wind " The Lifetime film is the sequel to their version of "  Flowers in the Attic " Heather Graham and Ellen Burstyn will return in the sequel
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Spain 's capital may not be causing shivers to Monaco 's famed Monte Carlo casino just yet , but Madrid hopes to muscle in on Europe 's appetite for gambling . The first phase of a controversial , multi-billion dollar casino and hotel complex that Spaniards are calling "  EuroVegas " is scheduled to open in 2017 in the Madrid suburb of Alcorcon , about eight miles southwest of the city center . A top executive from Las Vegas Sands Corporation -- founded and run by American billionaire political activist Sheldon Adelson -- unveiled the exact location of its large complex during a news conference on Friday . The new resort could bring tens of thousands of new jobs to recession-gripped Spain as it lures travelers hungry for a taste of Vegas in Europe . Opponents say the Vegas-style resort would create only low-skilled and low-paying jobs -- not the development model needed to put Spain get back on its feet economically . They also have concerns that the resort would attract organized crime . At Friday 's packed news conference , Las Vegas Sands chief operating officer Michael Leven said he 's confident of securing financing for the first phase of the project , which would cost approximately $ 9 billion and include 12,000 hotel rooms . Las Vegas Sands is financing $ 3.6 billion , or 40 % , of the cost of the first phase , and Leven said he has "  assurances from many banks " about financing the remaining 60 % . But an aide later said that no contracts have been signed yet . That may be because Las Vegas Sands must still formally compete to win the right to build the development through an open public bid process . That process opens in March , officials said , and results should be announced by September . If the company wins the bid , groundbreaking could begin by the end of this year . Leven said the first phase could easily generate some tens of thousands of jobs , based on the company 's experience at its similar , but smaller , gambling resort in Singapore . A company spokeswoman later said the entire $ 22 billion project , when completed over 20 years , could create 250,000 jobs . Las Vegas Sands ' CEO Adelson has built the company into a leading global developer of gambling , entertainment and convention resorts . It owns The Venetian and The Palazzo gambling resorts in Las Vegas , Nevada , and has expanded into Asian markets , including resorts in Singapore and Macau . Last September , Adelson announced that he 'd chosen Madrid , instead of Barcelona , as the site for the project in Spain . That set off months of debate over which of three potential locations in the Madrid area would get the nod , something that was finally resolved publicly on Friday . Las Vegas Sands had previously said that the resort 's access to Madrid 's international airport was a priority . Yet , the suburb of Alcorcon and the airport are located on opposite sides of city center . Spanish authorities are considering rail links between the airport and the resort , Madrid regional government president Ignacio Gonzalez said Friday , although such a plan would require input from Spain 's national government . Another detail being worked out is whether visitors to Madrid 's "  EuroVegas " resort will be able to light up , something that 's commonplace inside the large casinos on the Vegas Strip . Spain has strict no-smoking laws in public places and the national government would have to grant a special waiver to allow smoking in the casino resort .	Company announces exact Madrid location for upcoming Vegas-style casino resort Groundbreaking is scheduled for the end of the year There are plans to create a rail link between Madrid 's airport and the resort It 's unclear if Spain will allow smoking inside the casinos
CNN  Victor Arden Barnard , an American pastor wanted for 59 counts of sexual assaults in Minnesota , was arrested by Brazilian authorities on Friday , the office of the governor for the State of Rio Grande do Norte said Saturday . The 53-year-old suspect was wanted by the Pine County , Minnesota , Sheriff 's Office for allegedly sexually abusing two young girls who were members of his church , the U.S Marshals Service said . Barnard -- who was featured on CNN 's "  The Hunt With John Walsh " in 2014 and again earlier this week -- was last seen in the United States in Raymond , Washington , in 2014 . In April of that year , prosecutors in Pine County , Minnesota , issued a criminal complaint that accused him of 59 felony counts of criminal sexual conduct . The manhunt began after a two-year investigation into allegations from two women about Barnard 's alleged conduct while he was preaching to a religious group in Finlayson , Minnesota . Barnard was featured on the United States Marshal 's 15 Most Wanted List along with a $ 25,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . He was also wanted for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution . A 33-year-old woman was also arrested , Brazilian authorities said . As a pastor , Victor Barnard inspired his congregants with his charisma and apparent devotion to the teachings of Jesus Christ . "  I had never met anybody that I thought loved the word of God as much as Victor Barnard did , " Ruth Johnson , a former member of Barnard 's River Road Fellowship , told "  The Hunt . " David Larsen , a former leader of the River Road Fellowship , said he helped Barnard set up a so-called "  shepherd 's camp " in the mid-1990s in Pine County to help bring more people into the church . Several of his congregants , including Johnson , moved to the rural area about 100 miles north of Minneapolis to be a part of the camp . In June of 2000 , the charismatic religious leader allegedly convinced some members of his congregation to hand over their firstborn daughters to live with him in the secluded campsite . Lindsay Tornambe 's name was called and her parents allowed their 13-year-old daughter to join the group of girls at the camp , called "  The Maidens , " under Barnard 's supervision . She and other congregants said the girls got up early , sewed , cooked and cleaned for Barnard . "  Everything that a wife would do , they did for him , " Johnson said . Barnard proclaimed he was Christ on Earth . "  He taught that in the Bible , the church was the bride of Christ and because he was Christ in the flesh , the church was supposed to be married to him , " Tornambe said . "  At that time I did n't really understand the fullness of what it meant . " The complaint filed in Minnesota says Tornambe alleges that she was sexually abused by Barnard from the ages of 13 to 22 while she and her parents were members of River Road Fellowship . Tornambe told investigators the group of 10 young girls and women were known as Alamoths , or maidens . Her group was sent to what she thought was a summer camp , the document says . Tornambe told investigators that she estimated that Barnard sexually assaulted her one to three times a month until she left in 2010 to be with her parents , who had moved to Pennsylvania . In fall 2011 , she was contacted by another former maiden who shared a similar story : she said she was molested by Barnard from the time she was 12 until she was 20 , although she said the number of sexual acts varied each month . Tornambe and the other woman went to the police in Minnesota . Barnard had moved to Washington state after an admission to affairs with married women caused the religious group to split , the complaint says . The ministry operated in a secluded area of Pine County from about 2000 until 2011 or 2012 , Chief Deputy Steven Blackwell of the county sheriff 's office told CNN in 2014 . The fellowship vacated the property shortly after a new sheriff was elected and began investigating the ministry , Blackwell said . The Salvation Army now runs a family camp there , he said at the time . CNN 's Florencia Trucco and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Victor Barnard is accused of 59 counts of sexual assault on two young girls He was a preacher of a religious group that had a camp in Minnesota Authorities have been looking to arrest him since April 2014
Las Vegas  CNN  -- The makers of Gorilla Glass , the glass that 's used in touchscreen gadgets such as iPhones , iPads and more than 500 other models of electronic gadgets , has officially unveiled a thinner and more touch-sensitive version of their product . When it comes to innovation in electronic gadgets , a new kind of glass is not especially sexy . But when that glass is built into millions of touchscreen devices , and could potentially make them thinner , lighter and more responsive to your finger , consumers may take notice . Corning Inc. says Gorilla Glass 2 is thinner and more touch-sensitive without sacrificing toughness or resistance to scratches . The company showed off the glass Monday at a gadget-showcase event at the International Consumer Electronics Show here and is showing live demos of its enhanced qualities at the Corning booth throughout the four-day show . The new glass is not any less resistant to breakage than the current Gorilla Glass , which may be disappointing news to anyone who has had to put up with a cracked screen after dropping a phone . "  It 's not scratch-proof . And if they drop it on granite , it can be broken , " said Corning general manager Clifford Hund . But he added that Corning has managed to make the glass 20 % thinner but just as strong -- a key advancement at a time when smartphone and tablet makers are trying to produce ever-thinner devices . The second generation of Gorilla Glass will debut in Windows-based PCs this year . Other manufacturers also are weighing how and when to add the glass to their upcoming devices , Hund said . Because it 's thinner -- about 0.8 millimeters instead of 1 millimeter -- the glass allows users ' fingers to be closer to the touch interface , creating a screen that responds more quickly and accurately , said Gorilla Glass program director Jaymin Amin . The glass also has been engineered to let more light through , creating a brighter display screen , Corning executives said . Due to customer nondisclosure agreements , Corning can not name all the devices that use Gorilla Glass -- including Apple products . But according to multiple other sources , including Walter Isaacson 's recent biography of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs , the product 's first consumer application was the original iPhone in 2007 . A passage from Isaacson 's book details how Apple had originally planned to use plastic display coverings for its iPhone before Jobs approached Corning CEO Wendell Weeks about ordering glass instead . Weeks told him Corning had developed a tough form of glass , made extra strong by a chemical process , but could n't find a market for it . Weeks did n't think Corning could manufacture the glass fast enough to meet Apple 's timetable for the iPhone launch . But at the prodding of Jobs , who would n't take no for an answer , Corning did it in six months . After the iPhone hit the market , Jobs sent Weeks a note that said , "  We could n't have done it without you . " Gorilla Glass also is part of touchscreens in electronic devices by Acer , Asus , Dell , HTC , LG , Motorola , Nokia , Samsung and Sony , among other manufacturers . Amin demonstrated its toughness Monday by placing a small square of the original glass in a lever press , then applying more than 100 pounds of pressure onto it . Despite looking like he was truly exerting himself , he could n't break it . Amin then tested the new glass the same way and got the same result .	Corning unveils a new , thinner form of its popular Gorilla Glass at CES The original Gorilla Glass is used in more than 500 models of touchscreen gadgets New glass more responsive but not less resistant to breakage than current Gorilla Glass
In "  The Twelve " it 's the end of the world as we know it and while no one feels fine , millions love reading about it . Hitting bookstores October 16 , "  The Twelve " is the highly-anticipated new novel from award-winning author Justin Cronin . It 's the second in a planned trilogy about a frightening man-made apocalypse . The first in the series , "  The Passage , " was an instant bestseller in 2010 winning widespread praise from critics and a worldwide legion of fans . Master of horror Stephen King was among Cronin 's most vocal supporters . "  The Passage " also received national attention for the back story behind the book . Originally inspired by Cronin 's then 8-year-old daughter , at its heart it 's a story about a little girl who saves the world . The book generated a bidding war among publishers , ultimately selling for more than $ 3 million . Film rights were also snapped up for a reported seven-figure payday . Cronin went from being a little-known author and English professor to overnight millionaire . In the series , Cronin presents a desolate view of the future , where a mysterious plague turns people into blood-sucking monsters , cities crumble , much of the United States is turned into a wasteland and millions of people die in the resulting chaos . Nevertheless , readers love Cronin 's fresh , intelligent combination of science fiction , horror and thriller , reminiscent of King 's "  The Stand " and Cormac McCarthy 's "  The Road . " "  The Twelve " of the title are the dozen vampire-like creatures created in a secret government experiment gone horribly wrong . Now these twelve virals control an army of the undead , out to extinguish what 's left of the human race . The new book briefly returns to "  year zero " of the global plague . It reintroduces readers to some favorite characters from "  The Passage , " expands the cast , widens the scope of the story and gives the plot a "  1984 " Orwellian twist . CNN recently spoke to Cronin from his home in Houston , Texas , where he 's hard at work on the third and final book in the trilogy . The following is an edited transcript . CNN : You 've talked about how your daughter was the original inspiration behind "  The Passage . " Did she have any input on your new novel ? Cronin : She did at the outset . When she and I conceived the first book we talked about the sequels and their basic narrative shape . So in that sense her handprints are upon it . That said , the 8-year-old girl who took her bike rides with me and talked about the novel is now a 16-year-old learning to drive with her own life and her own concerns and in fact her own writing . So on a day-to-day basis , my go-to person now I would say has been my wife . Whenever I hit a snag , we take a walk around the block and talk about it and rather remarkably by the time we return it 's not uncommon for the problem to be solved . So for each book there 's been a woman in my life who 's played a pretty big role . In this one I 'd have to give a tip of the hat to my wife . CNN : When we last talked you said , "  The hazard of most trilogies is the middle book . " So was this novel harder to write than the last ? Cronin : It was different . For each book I 've had to sit down and look at what new challenges I have to work through . One of the best things about my job is that I do n't have a boss , so I can take each project and do what interests me . One of the things I always want to do is never write the same book twice . I want each book to pose a new challenge and force me to stretch as a writer . For this book what I wanted to do was avoid the well-known trap of middle books in a trilogy , which is that they 're kind of a long second act , just a bridge between books one and three . What I decided to do was to make sure I wrote a book that had fresh terms established for it , so that it would pick up where the last story left off but it would also reset the situation . Which is why in this book at the start , you go back to year zero to see something you did not see the first time . It changes the rules of the game for my major characters in their quest to rid the world of the great viral plague . That for me was the strategy that I conceived of very early on . What do I want to do in this book that 's different from the middle books of most trilogies , in the same way that when I wrote "  The Passage , " I said what do I want to do that 's different from most apocalypse novels ? Once I got that clear in my mind I realized how the book would operate . CNN : You 've described "  The Passage " as an ode to "  Lonesome Dove , " so what novel was your inspiration for "  The Twelve ? " Cronin : For each of the three books I wanted to work within different genres . The first book is a bunch of things . It 's a horror novel , apocalyptic fiction , science fiction , but I think it 's very much a road novel and a Western . At the core of that novel you have characters who are encountering the American West with the same kind of sense of awe and unknown as the first European settlers . This book , I wanted to draw upon my love of espionage fiction to bring yet another kind of energy into the trilogy . I like really well-written spy novels , for instance I 'm a huge fan of Alan Furst . But if I had to pick a book that was really operating in the background it would be George Orwell 's "  1984 . " It 's always been a very important book for me . I wrote my senior thesis in college on "  1984 . " I think it 's a much more complex and interesting book than its given credit for . How does propaganda operate , how do you gain complicity ? I was very interested in these kinds of questions and the psychological mechanics of how totalitarianism operates . In "  The Twelve " people will see that influence in the background I 'm sure . Justin Cronin talks about his new novel , "  The Twelve " CNN : You 're very active on social media . What has your interaction been like with fans online ? Cronin : Social media is the perfect thing for writers and for people who work alone . I ca n't stroll down to the photocopy room and kill a little time chatting about what the Patriots did this weekend . I 'm all alone in my office , so it 's absolutely a way of breaking the trance of loneliness that writers have to live in . For a writer it gives you the opportunity to interact with your fans without leaving your house or going on a book tour . I love it . The thing about "  The Passage " trilogy is , unlike my earlier work , those books had readers , but these books have fans . Because the books are still unfolding it 's a way to interact with people in the middle of the story . That did not happen with my first two books . Now I hear from people all the time . I love interacting with fans this way . Its fun , it 's easy . I think how great it would have been when I was a young reader to be able to do this . John Cheever really made me want to become a writer . I remember a night in college when my roommate and I tried to call him on the phone . It did n't work out , but you really want to talk to these people , they matter to you . Facebook is a way of bridging that gap . I appreciate it not only as a writer but as the reader I was as a young man . CNN : What 's the status of book three , any hints ? Cronin : I 'm sort of at the point now I feel like I 'm hitting my stride with the third book . My goal is for the third novel in some ways  is that it  follows the design of the earlier books , which is to briefly take the reader back to year zero . To see yet again something they did not see the first time that resets the terms of the story , so that the book has its own propulsive engine . The only other thing I can say is it 's the last book so the big questions that remain will be answered . That 's the job of the third book is to end the story . The goal is for the book to come out in 2014 , and all mysteries will be revealed . Read an excerpt from "  The Twelve . "	Second book of Justin Cronin 's trilogy , "  The Twelve , " hits stands this week Cronin 's daughter inspired "  The Passage , " his wife influenced this new book Cronin 's college senior thesis on "  1984 " also influenced the theme of propaganda in "  The Twelve "
CNN  -- The man accused of killing 77 people in a terrorist rampage that shook Norway last summer is insane and can not be sentenced to prison or preventive detention , but can be confined to a mental hospital for the rest of his life , police said Tuesday . Anders Behring Breivik suffers "  grandiose delusions " and "  believes he is chosen to decide who is to live and who is to die , " Prosecutor Svein Holden announced . Police said psychiatrists had determined that the 32-year-old man was psychotic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . The doctors also found him to be paranoid and schizophrenic , police said . The experts reached their conclusions after 36 hours of interviews with Breivik , police said . The extension of Breivik 's confinement under a compulsory mental health care order will be reviewed by a court every three years , police said . The court will consider whether he still represents a danger to society . Breivik had not been told of the psychiatrists ' findings , police said . His lawyers were expected to relay the news . The decision underscores the difference between the justice system in the United States and that in Norway , said James Alan Fox , a criminologist at Northeastern University in Boston . "  In the United States , it is extremely difficult to establish successfully an insanity defense , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  You can be paranoid , yet still able to control your behavior and be legally responsible . " In cases like the mass killing in Norway , "  there tends to be a tremendous amount of pressure from the public and maybe politicians as well to lock someone away for as long as possible , and bring justice to the victims , " Fox said . Breivik is accused of killing eight people in Oslo and 69 who were among 700 mostly young people attending a Labour Party youth camp on nearby Utoya Island . He has pleaded not guilty but admits carrying out the attacks , the judge handling his case has said . Breivik is described by authorities as a right-wing Christian extremist . A 1,500-page manifesto attributed to Breivik posted on the Internet is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism , including the Labour Party . The manifesto predicts that a "  European civil war " will lead to the execution of "  cultural Marxists " and the banishment of Muslims . Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said in the aftermath of the attacks that his country had been fundamentally changed , but vowed that Norway would remain "  an open society . " Oslo Mayor Fabian Stang said Norwegians would respond to the violence with equally powerful weapons : "  We 're going to punish him with democracy and love , " he told CNN shortly after the killings . Still , memories of the slaughter on the island , where many of the campers survived by hiding behind rocks , remained acute on Tuesday . "  I will always have mixed feelings when I go back , of course , " Labour Party member Eskil Pedersen told a reporter . "  I think about the 22nd of July and the dreadful things that happened that day , but I have been here every year and every summer since 2000 . A lot of my time as a youth has been here on this island . I have very many good memories as well . " He said a memorial will be built there . "  Our aim is to reclaim Utoya , take it back as an island , have activities , have a summer camp here , " he said . Relatives of some of the victims expressed disappointment at the decision on Breivik , a journalist from the Norwegian Broadcasting Corp. told CNN . "  They have looked forward to seeing him getting a sentence for the rest of his life for the acts he has committed , " correspondent Tomm Kristiansen said . Public reaction is mixed , said journalist Olav Mellingsaeter . Most people are surprised , not angered , by the findings , he said . "  We must trust that the psychiatrists have done a thorough job , " a 30-year-old student told the reporter . A 36-year-old woman said , "  As long as he does not escape , I do not care where he 's kept . " At his trial in April , Breivik will have the opportunity to present evidence , police said . He has been in custody since his arrest on Utoya Island on the day of the killings , which marked the deadliest attack in Norway since World War II . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Richard Allen-Greene and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Victims ' families are disappointed that Anders Behring Breivik is ruled insane Breivik will still face trial next year He is accused of killing 77 people in a gun and bomb rampage The July massacre was the deadliest attack in Norway since WWII
CNN  -- At just 31 years old , and already heading a vast business empire he built from scratch , Ashish Thakkar has been referred to by some as Africa 's youngest billionaire . But this is a label the Ugandan entrepreneur does n't want to associate himself with . "  Money should never be a measurement for anything , " says Thakkar , founder of the pan-African multi-sector business conglomerate Mara Group . "  I like to see myself as an entrepreneur that 's being disruptive -- I like to be the underdog in a lot of cases , " he adds . "  It 's all about how you go about it ; but one thing I definitely do n't want to be known as is as ` Africa 's youngest billionaire . ' " Whilst having problems with that specific description , Thakkar has no issue about claiming other , less corporeal , titles . An adventurous spirit , Thakkar is gearing up to become the first ever East African in space , proudly representing the region in the Virgin Galactic program , which offers paying customers the opportunity to travel beyond the Earth 's atmosphere . "  I 'm taking quite a few of flags into space , as a way to kind of send a strong message that ` look , we as Africa have the vision and the ability as well , " says Thakkar . "  It 's something that started off for fun and it 's actually turned out to be something quite nice where we can send a strong message to say , ` we 're coming , we 're going to mark our space in that territory too . " Reading this : Flying doctor takes to the skies Conquering the space frontier seems like a rather fitting move for a maverick entrepreneur such as Thakkar , who quit school around the age of 15 to embark on his first commercial enterprise -- a small IT business inside a shopping mall built across the road from his father 's shop in Kampala , Uganda 's capital . "  The idea initially was to do it for the two months during my summer holiday , " recalls Thakkar . " And when school started again I conveniently did n't tell my parents that it did , and obviously they figured me out in a week . " Thakkar believes his business journey was easier because of his accommodating parents , who allowed him to pursue his entrepreneurial dreams . "  So I told them , ` look , if you want me to go through the whole cycle I 'll do it for formality purposes , but I 'm going to end up doing this , so I 'd really appreciate it if you 'd let me do it now . ' "  They were surprisingly really open-minded and kind of gave me the opportunity and said ` look , do it on your own , try it out for a year -- if it does n't work out you go a year behind your friends . ' "  And I 've still got that option open 16 years down the line . " So , at the age of 16 , Thakkar spotted a gap in the market and went big . As his business evolved , Thakkar started flying to Dubai to stock up on computer hardware and then sell it for a profit in Kampala . "  I was flying to Dubai every weekend because I did n't have the money to set up a shop and have enough working capital to do an air cargo , " recalls Thakkar . "  So Monday to Friday I 'd sell my goods in Uganda and on a weekend I 'd actually fly to Dubai , fill my suitcase up with IT stuff again and bring it back , and the same repeated , " he adds . This quickly developed into a thriving business and before long Thakkar was branching out into several other areas . Today , the Dubai-based Mara Group has grown into a major corporation that operates in 18 African countries and has various and diverse interests -- from financial services and real estate to communication , manufacturing and agriculture . The group also runs the Mara Foundation , a non-profit arm focused on fostering entrepreneurship among young Africans . Read this : African CEOs look to bright future While Thakkar acknowledges that there are still many challenges when it comes to doing business in Africa , he says the continent holds a fantastic opportunity going forward . "  The West is definitely investing more in Africa -- or wanting to invest more in Africa -- but they 're still investing a lot in Asia as well , specifically India and China . -LSB- The -RSB- nice thing is that India and China 's investing in Africa , so the ultimate destination is us , " he says . "  People do want to come to Africa ; people realize that we 're the next big thing -- India and China have had their time , it 's now ours . " Echoing a growing chorus of voices cautioning against exploitative behavior from foreign investors , Thakkar adds that , whilst Africa still needs investment in many sectors , gone are the days where the continent desperately relied on outsiders . "  We 're evolving ; we 're writing our own story now ; we 're making it happen for ourselves , " he says . "  So I think that 's very important for people to realize that they must plug into what 's important to us and how it should be done that 's going to benefit our countries and our people -- local beneficiation , empowerment of our people . "  We want to see our economies and our countries transform , so I think people with that mindset , willing to help us on that route , are more than welcome . And I think that 's hopefully what we 're going to see more of now , because we 're becoming more picky as countries . "	Ashish Thakkar , 31 , is the founder of pan-African business conglomerate Mara Group The Ugandan entrepreneur started IT venture in his teens He now heads a corporation doing business in 18 African countries Thakkar is set to go into space as part of the Virgin Galactic program
CNN  -- Tips led police to a Milwaukee home where they recovered a nearly 300-year-old violin worth millions that was stolen from an orchestra concertmaster , authorities said Thursday . The Stradivarius violin , known as the "  ex-Lipinski , " was found in a suitcase in the attic of the home , police told reporters at a news conference . The violin appears to have been recovered in good condition , but officials are waiting for an expert to examine the instrument , Mark Niehaus of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra said . The violin , appraised at $ 5 million , was stolen on January 27 from Frank Almond , the orchestra 's concertmaster -- the top first violinist . Three people have been arrested in connection with the theft but have not been formally charged , authorities said . Police Chief Edward Flynn described the three as a 36-year-old man , a 41-year-man and a 32-year-old woman , all from Milwaukee . Stefan Hersh , the man who originally authenticated the instrument for the orchestra , told CNN that law enforcement contacted him to identify the violin . The orchestra offered a $ 100,000 reward for the safe return of the instrument . "  We 're confident the subjects in custody are the subjects responsible for this , " said G.B. Jones , acting special agent in charge with the FBI in Milwaukee . 3 arrested in Stradivarius theft in Wisconsin Almond was walking to his car after a performance when an assailant used a stun gun on him , causing him to drop the instrument . The attacker took the violin and fled to a waiting vehicle , which a second suspect was driving , police said . Stradivarius violin stolen from Milwaukee concertmaster According to the symphony , Almond plays on a violin made by Antonio Stradivari from 1715 . Hersh has spoken to Almond since the recovery , saying the musician is understandably relieved . Almond has not yet been reunited with the instrument , according to Hersh . Stradivari was born in 1644 . He set up shop in Cremona , Italy , where he made violins , harps , guitars , violas and cellos . Before his death in 1737 , Stradivari is thought to have made more than 1,100 instruments -- of which some 650 remain today . He is the world 's most celebrated violin maker .	NEW : Tips lead authorities to the home where the violin was recovered , police said Police : Three are in custody in connection with theft but have n't been formally charged The violin , made by Antonio Stradivari , dates to 1715 and is worth millions Orchestra offered a reward for safe return of the instrument
CNN  -- Eman al-Obeidy , the woman who claims forces loyal to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi raped her , spoke Tuesday with her mother , who has come to her defense , for the first time since her ordeal began . Al-Obeidy told Aisha Ahmad that a court employee pulled a weapon on her when she went to a courthouse . Al-Obeidy , who burst into a Tripoli hotel last month to tell her harrowing story to journalists , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper in an emotional phone interview that the administrative court employee threatened her life . "  The people came and started pulling him , " said al-Obeidy , who related the incident to her mother , also on the phone . "  The whole day in the court they were saying we are going to kill this failure who reports on our brigades . " A car took her home , al-Obeidy said . "  They do n't want me to go to the court at all . " CNN could not independently verify the 29-year-old law school graduate 's claims . Al-Obeidy , who is no longer in custody after authorities rushed her away from the hotel , said she still fears for her safety in Tripoli , which she called a "  large prison . " Rebel leaders "  disappointed " by NATO 's efforts She told "  AC360 " that Gadhafi forces took her passport and would not let her cross the border into Tunisia . Her mother , Aisha Ahmad , who lives in the eastern coastal city of Tobruk , urged al-Obeidy to return to her parents "  before they kill you . " "  You have Allah with you , you have Allah with you , you have Allah with you , " Ahmad said . "  Do not change your statement . " Ahmad tried to comfort her distraught daughter , saying , "  they lie in the Libyan media . " "  I dream of them trying to kill me , " said al-Obeidy , who has spent time with her sister and is concerned about the health of her father back home . Ahmad told al-Obeidy the world is praying for her and not to be afraid . "  I 'm not afraid , " the daughter replied . "  The one thing that really bothers me is that I 'm far from you . Nobody is standing by me here in Tripoli . " Asked by Cooper if she were still trying to leave the capital , al-Obeidy said , "  How can I possibly get out of Tripoli when Tripoli is under siege ? There are only two ways to get to my family , by way of Tunisia or through the eastern zone and they 're both under siege . " Al-Obeidy , who was encouraged by Ahmad to pray and keep her faith , was grateful for the opportunity to speak with her family . "  We 'd like to thank the American people and every person who tried to make my voice heard , " she said . In two previous telephone interviews with Cooper , al-Obeidy spoke about her alleged abuse . At times in tears , at other times defiant , she recalled men pouring alcohol into her eyes and repeatedly using rifles to sodomize her . Al-Obeidy said she spent 72 hours under interrogation after being dragged away from the Tripoli hotel where she tried to tell journalists about her alleged abuse . She has said the public statements from a state TV anchor and government officials , who initially called her mentally ill , drunk and a prostitute , have ruined her reputation . Al-Obeidy burst into the Rixos Hotel in Tripoli on March 26 while international journalists staying there were having breakfast . She told reporters she had been taken from a checkpoint east of Tripoli , held against her will for two days and beaten and raped by 15 men . When CNN saw her in March , al-Obeidy 's legs and face were bruised and she had blood on her right inner thigh . Her visible injuries appeared to support her allegations , but CNN could not independently verify her story . CNN 's "  AC360 " spoke with al-Obeidy Sunday , Monday and Tuesday . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	"  AC360 " reunites Eman al-Obeidy with her mother Young woman says court employee threatened her Her mother tells her to keep her faith Al-Obeidy says she has tried to leave Libya , but authorities have thwarted her attempts
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Civilian casualties resulting from Afghanistan 's war have spiked , jumping some 24 percent above figures from last year , the United Nations reported Friday . An Afghan child allegedly hurt during a U.S.-led air strike earlier this year . The Human Rights Unit of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan announced it recorded 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during the first six months of this year . That compares to 818 Afghan civilians who were killed during the same period in 2008 , while 684 civilians were killed during the first half of 2007 . Insurgent roadside bombs and suicide attacks , as well as air strikes conducted by U.S. and NATO forces , are the two deadliest tactics being used in Afghanistan . Fifty-nine percent of this year 's civilian casualties resulted from insurgent bombs . Western military airstrikes killed 30.5 percent of the civilians . The report concluded that Taliban insurgents are "  basing themselves in civilian areas so as to deliberately blur the distinction between combatants and civilians , and as part of what appears to be an active policy aimed at drawing a military response to areas where there is a high likelihood that civilians will be killed . " The UN highlighted a pattern of deadly Taliban attacks , targeting humanitarian workers , government employees , medical and educational staff ... and in particular , girls ' schools . Meanwhile , the UN noted that NATO forces have redrafted their tactical directives , in an effort to reduce civilian casualties . Despite the creation last year of a military commission to track civilian deaths , Western airstrikes "  remain responsible for the largest percentage of civilian deaths " attributed to foreign troops in Afghanistan . The UN stated that these civilian casualties are counterproductive for the Western military coalition , because they are "  undermining support for the continued presence of the international military forces and the international community generally . " The United States has nearly doubled the number of American forces in Afghanistan since last year . US-NATO troops have mounted on of the biggest military operations of the eight year war , in an effort to route Taliban insurgents from safe havens in Southern Afghanistan , ahead of August 20th presidential elections . The intensified military activities have contributed to making June the deadliest month for Western forces for the war . At least 44 American service members died in the conflict zone this month , in addition to some 29 Coalition forces .	Civilian casualties in Afghanistan war have spiked by 24 percent U.N. : 1,013 civilian deaths in Afghanistan during first six months of year Western military airstrikes killed 30.5 percent of the civilians
Brussels , Belgium  CNN  "  It 's a nightmare , " says Zaki Chairi . Chairi , a 27-year old Belgian comedian who performs with a humorous theatrical group that calls itself the "  Muslim Raiders , " was speaking several days after a deadly gun battle erupted last week between suspected jihadists and police in the eastern Belgian town of Verviers . News of the suspected Belgian terror cell immediately sent ripples of fear through this small European country 's Muslim community . "  I was freaking out . Really scared , " said Chairi , who fears young Belgian-born Muslims could become victims of a backlash after the raid . "  My mom said no one can go out tonight because of what happened , " said Camelia Lakhdar . The 19-year old waitress said her frightened mother made her skip work the night of the anti-terror raid . Both Chairi and Lakhdar were speaking in the lounge of a Muslim youth center , Espace Poincare . Espace Poincare opened little more than a year ago , with the goal of promoting a peaceful and productive blend of European and Islamic values . But the center 's director said the recent reports of a suspected homegrown Belgian terror cell -- emerging so soon after French jihadis massacred cartoonists in the Paris office of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo had threatened this vision of moderation and integration . "  We condemn what 's happened . This is not our vision , our understanding of our religion , " said director Hajib El Hajjaji . In French-accented English , he explained how Belgium 's Muslim community was finding itself increasingly trapped between two ideological extremes . "  We face -LSB- Islamist -RSB- radicalization . But we also face the increase of Islamophobia in Belgium , " El Hajjaji said . "  We know that stigmatization , Islamophobia , discrimination help this radicalization of young Muslim people here in Belgium . " The January 15 raid in Verviers resulted in the shooting deaths of two Belgian citizens . Police said they were found in possession of assault rifles , handguns , explosives and police uniforms . The suspects have been accused of being part of a plot to target Belgian police , inspired by the ultra-violent ideology of ISIS . The gun-battle triggered an international manhunt . Since January 15 , Belgian authorities have arrested and charged at least seven Belgians with participation in a terrorist organization . The federal prosecutor 's office announced three of the suspects were intercepted at the airport in Brussels while trying to fly to Greece , with plans to then travel on to Syria . A senior Belgian counter-terrorist official tells CNN the suspected leader of the Verviers cell is a young Belgian of Moroccan descent named Abdelhamid Abaaoud . Abaaoud -- who is still at large - appeared in an ISIS propaganda video laughing and joking to the camera while driving a pick-up truck that was dragging at least half a dozen corpses through a field . He also brought his teenage brother to Syria , who has since appeared in photos posing alongside ISIS fighters . Abaaoud originally hails from a district of Brussels called Molenbeek . He is not the only Molenbeek native to embrace the ISIS jihad . "  There are several people who left here to fight in Syria . And some who came back . That 's the danger , " said Molenbeek Mayor Francoise Schepmans . She spoke to CNN in the neighborhood 's central square , which is ringed with halal butcher shops and grocery stores advertising their goods in French and Arabic . A polyglot procession of residents -- many of them women wearing Islamic headscarves - strolled . In the side streets , one could over hear conversations in French , Arabic and Turkish . Molenbeek has a large , predominantly Muslim population of first , second and third generation immigrants from North Africa . The mayor said the neighborhood also suffered from soaring youth unemployment estimated at more than 40 % . Molenbeek raids As part of their effort to stop the suspected ISIS-linked cell in Verviers , Belgian police have carried out multiple raids in Molenbeek over the course of the last week . The defense attorney for a Molenbeek native arrested by police last week said his client was innocent of terrorism charges . Didier De Quevy argued that his client , an unemployed former 25-year old security guard named Marouane el Bali , did not fit the terrorist profile because he had no previous criminal record . "  He lives in Molenbeek , which is one of the neighborhoods most infested by terrorism , and thus it 's a miracle not to have problems with the authorities when you live there , " De Quevy said . While unemployment is rampant , online propaganda for ISIS ' bloody interpretation of jihad is often only a button click away . Chairi , the comedian who also hosts a radio show that touches upon Belgian Muslim affairs , laments that his radicalized peers "  do n't learn their Islam in mosques or in institutions . They learn it on the Internet . " He recalled meeting a young Muslim convert . Just a few months after embracing Islam in Belgium , Chairi said he read in a newspaper that the young man was killed fighting on the battlefields of Syria . "  It goes so fast ... even the religious leaders , they do n't understand it , " Chairi said . "  People radicalize themselves , " said El Hajjaji , director of Point Espace . El Hajjaji says he has taken to social media , to denounce online propaganda urging volunteers to join ISIS . But he confesses the jihadi message can be tempting to vulnerable youths . "  The speech to get you to go to Syria is very simple : you have your enemy , you want to have the power to build your future , and you do n't need to find a solution to the complexity of your life that we have here in Belgium , " El Hajjaji said . It is this toxic mix of unemployment , marginalization and the clarion call of jihad , that have helped make Brussels , the capital of Europe , a recruiting ground for terrorism . Belgium terror cell has links to ISIS Journalist Carmen Paun contributed to this report	On January 15 , a gun battle during a raid by police in Verviers left two Belgian citizens dead The suspects have been accused of involvement in an ISIS-inspired plot to target police officers The Muslim community fears a backlash and rise in Islamophobia that could increase radicalization
Editor 's note : Mark Gendreau , MD , is senior staff physician and vice chairman of emergency medicine at Lahey Clinic , Burlington , Massachusetts , and assistant professor of emergency medicine at Tufts University School of Medicine in Boston . His interests include health issues associated with commercial air travel , including transmission of infectious diseases . Dr. Mark Gendreau says swine flu is focusing attention on how to avoid getting a disease while traveling by air . CNN  -- The novel swine flu is showing the world just how interconnected we are and how commercial aircraft can serve as vehicles of rapid disease spread . I am frequently asked : What is the risk of catching an illness while flying ? In a nutshell , the risk of getting an infection while you 're in an enclosed space such as an airplane depends upon three factors : The infectiousness of the contagious person spreading the illness ; the degree of your exposure  how close you are to the contagious person and for how long  ; and the ventilation of the space or passenger cabin . We really have no control over the infectiousness of our fellow passengers , and usually , you really do n't have much of a choice about your seating partners . So the exposure is pure chance . But this does n't mean that you are doomed . Most respiratory viral infectious diseases -- like influenza and the common cold -- transmit via droplets contaminated with the offending microorganism when the infectious person coughs or sneezes . These droplets are propelled no farther than 3 feet and can land on an inanimate object -- such as a seat , overhead bin or seat tray -- or on your body . This is why hand hygiene is so critical and is the single most significant thing you can do to protect yourself and your family when you are traveling or out in public . Study after study shows marked reductions in transmission in public spaces when hand hygiene is practiced , and a recent study found nearly undetectable influenza particle levels after hands contaminated with influenza were washed with either soap and water or an over-the-counter gel containing at least 50 percent alcohol . Sanitize your hands before eating , drinking and after retrieving something from the overhead bin or returning from the restroom , and you have just cut your chances of getting infected by at least 40 percent . One of my disappointments with the airline industry is its lack of providing alcohol-based hand sanitizers to passengers . Such a service would go a long way in eliminating infection spread within aircraft . iReport.com : Have swine flu fears altered your travel plans ? Ventilation is the final crucial element to consider in minimizing infection spread . Ventilation dilutes the concentration of infectious particles within any confined space , thereby reducing the probability of infection . Experience shows us that transmission becomes widespread within the passenger cabin involving all sections when the ventilation system is not working -- as evidenced by an influenza outbreak in 1979 involving passengers being kept aboard grounded aircraft with an inoperative ventilation system . Air circulation patterns aboard standard commercial aircraft are side-to-side  laminar  , with air entering the cabin from overhead , circulating across the aircraft and exiting the cabin near the floor . Little to no front-to - back  longitudinal  airflow takes place . This air circulation pattern "  compartmentalizes " the air flow into sections , thereby limiting the spread of airborne particles throughout the passenger cabin . Ventilation can involve either 100 percent fresh air in which outside air enters and leaves the cabin in a single pass or a system in which various fractions of air are recirculated from the aircraft cabin and mixed with fresh air . Most commercial aircraft in service recirculate 50 percent of the air delivered to the passenger cabin for improved control of cabin circulation , humidity and fuel efficiency . The recirculated air usually passes through high-efficiency particulate  HEPA  filters before delivery into the cabin . HEPA filtering of recirculated cabin air to minimize exposure to infectious particles is established within scientific literature , practiced daily in health care facilities and is strongly endorsed by the medical community and cabin health experts . However , oddly enough , the Federal Aviation Administration , its British counterpart , the Civil Aviation Authority , and Europe 's Joint Aviation Authorities do not require the use of these filters on commercial airlines . Efforts to improve international regulations regarding the certification , inspection and maintenance of aircraft environmental control systems are needed . To minimize the risk of disease spread by aircraft , regulations requiring HEPA filters for any aircraft that uses recirculated air should be seriously considered . In the meantime , you can improve the ventilation at your seat by turning on the overhead air vent to low and positioning the airflow to be slightly in front of your face . This may create enough air turbulence to push a viral particle from landing on your face and mucous membranes . Finally , face masks are effective . In 2003 , during the severe acute respiratory syndrome epidemic , 76 percent of Hong Kong residents wore simple masks , and in this case , mask use was associated with a lower incidence of SARS , as well as upper respiratory tract infections and influenza . A recent analysis of public health interventions used during the SARS epidemic suggests that the use of masks by the public was 68 percent effective in decreasing rates of infection , with simple face masks , and 91 percent effective for more sophisticated N95 face masks . The take-home message is this : Use a surgical mask when you are traveling to areas that have reported cases of swine flu and bring an additional one to give to anyone near you who forgot one or appears to be sick and is coughing or sneezing . Prevention of a disease outbreak is the most important means of control and requires a proactive approach . The aviation industry and medical community should better educate the general public about health issues related to air travel and infection control . The only way to eliminate any risk of cross-infection in the aircraft cabin -- or the rapid worldwide spread of an infectious agent -- is to prevent would-be passengers who are either substantially exposed to or carrying transmissible infections from flying . This needs to come from education and promoting individual responsibility , since the systematic screening of passengers for contagious diseases is impractical . Although thermal scanners used in airports may detect travelers with symptoms , they are not effective since people exposed to an infectious disease could travel without any signs or symptoms and yet still be infectious . The late Nobel Laureate Joshua Lederberg once said "  The microbe that felled one child in a distant continent yesterday can reach yours today , and seed a global pandemic tomorrow . " True words . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Gendreau .	Mark Gendreau : Swine flu is focusing attention on illness and air travel He says three things affect the likelihood of your getting sick from a plane trip Gendreau : Sick passengers , your exposure and ventilation are key factors He says using hand sanitizers on planes would help prevent spread
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Three weeks after an apparent misunderstanding sparked a confrontation , deadly Hindu-Christian riots continue unabated in the remote east Indian state of Orissa . Police officers chase away a protester in Mangalore , India , Monday . By Tuesday , about 20 deaths had been reported , said Praveen Kumar , the superintendent of police in the worst-affected Kandhamal district . The latest casualty is a police officer who died after an armed mob of about 400 to 500 mostly Hindus torched a police station in the district on Monday , Orissa state police said . Orissa 's Director General of Police G.C. Nanda the policeman died when the mob opened fire at officers fleeing the burning building . The attack , he said , may have been in retaliation for arrests that police made in the ongoing communal fighting . Watch more about the riots in India " The attack came two days after police fired on a crowd to prevent it from attacking Christian residents . Between three and six people died in the shooting , CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN reported . The violence spread to southern India over the weekend when vandals attacked 14 churches in an hour in the state of Karnataka Sunday , the network said . The Christian community in the Karnataka -- numbering about 2.5 million -- said right-wing Hindus are targeting them for opposing the violence in Orissa . By Tuesday , police had arrested about 140 people in connection with the riots , said Karnataka 's Inspector General of Police A.M. Prasad . Sixty of them -- all Hindus -- were arrested for the church attacks , Prasad said . The rest , mostly Christians , were charged with disturbing the peace , he said . Orissa has historically been a tinderbox of Hindu-Christian tensions . Some Hindu groups view the work of Christian missionaries in the state with suspicion . They accuse missionaries of bribing or forcing Hindus into converting . The seeds for the current conflict were planted on August 23 , when Hindu leader , Laxmananda Saraswati , and four others were killed in Kandhamal after 20 to 30 gunmen barged into a Hindu school and began shooting , the Orissa chief minister 's office said . The authorities have not determined who killed Saraswati , but after the incident they detained five people who are Christians , said Sukanta Panda , spokesman for the chief minister . The government says the killings may have been the work of Maoist rebels -- investigators have many unanswered questions -- but some hardline Hindus blamed a Christian minority . They took to the streets in anger , rampaging through predominantly Christian neighborhoods , ransacking shops and torching houses . They chopped down trees to block roads , making it difficult for police to reach trouble spots . A Christian orphanage was set on fire . A 20-year-old woman , who was teaching children inside , burned to death . Christian residents fought back , and the clashes spread . Authorities imposed a night curfew in many towns and deployed state and federal forces in the troubled areas , Kumar -- the police superintendent -- said . Both sides said the violence has left Christian churches and Hindu temples razed to the ground . This is not the first time the simmering anger has boiled over in the state with deadly consequences . In 1999 , a Hindu mob burned to death an Australian missionary , Graham Staines , and his two children while they slept inside their car . And last Christmas , clashing groups killed four people and burned several churches in the same Orissa district -- Kandhamal . Maoist rebels , who claim to be fighting for the poor and the dispossessed , have been battling the Indian government in an insurgency that has resulted in thousands of casualties since the late 1960s . Some Christians accept the Maoist theory , saying the rebels have also struck against hard-line Hindus because they associate them as being closely aligned with the government . But Hindu groups insists that Christians were behind Saraswati 's death . Unlike Orissa , Karnataka has until now been spared the large-scale clash between Christians and Hindus . But now , many in the Christian community fear their calm and prosperous state may become another battleground between the two religions , CNN-IBN said . CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report	Orissa state has historically been a tinderbox of Hindu-Christian tensions Violence spread to southern India with churches attacked in Karnataka state Latest casualty was a policeman who died after a Hindu mob torched a police station Attack came 2 days after police fired on a crowd to prevent it attacking Christians
Woodbridge , Virginia  CNN  -- Ballistics test results link four shootings at U.S. military facilities in the Washington suburbs in October , and investigators are probing whether a new case at a Coast Guard recruiting office is related , police in Virginia said Tuesday . The latest incident was reported Tuesday morning after a bullet struck the recruiting office , housed in a Woodbridge strip mall . The description is "  relatively similar " to October cases in which shots were fired at the Pentagon , the National Museum of the Marine Corps and a vacant Marine recruiting station , said 1st Sgt. Kim Chinn , spokeswoman for Prince William County police . "  Employees of the Coast Guard recruiting station called to tell us there was some damage to the glass , and police arrived and determined it was probably done by a bullet , " Chinn said . She said the shooting left a mark on the glass . "  It did not penetrate the glass , more like a graze , " she said . No one has been injured in any of the incidents , which include one in which six shots were fired at the Pentagon early on October 19 . Ballistics tests have connected that incident to shots aimed at the Marine museum on October 17 and 29 , as well as to an October 25 case in which shots were fired at a Marine Corps recruiting station in Chantilly , near Washington Dulles International Airport . Chinn would not say how many bullets were found at the scene Tuesday . The Coast Guard referred questions to the FBI , saying it is taking the lead in the investigation . The FBI said it has sent personnel to the recruiting center . The Pentagon Force Protection Agency has declined comment on the shooting . CNN 's Brian Todd , Adam Levine , Padma Rama , Mike Ahlers and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Ballistics link 4 previous attacks on military facilities The latest attack is "  relatively similar " to the others , police say A bullet struck a window at a Coast Guard recruiting station Tuesday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- You would n't have expected Charlie Sheen to go quietly after his increasingly bizarre behavior prompted his TV bosses to fire him from "  Two and a Half Men , " and Sheen would not want to disappoint you . He spewed an eight-and-a-half-minute , grandiloquent , profanity-laced tirade online late Tuesday , a day after he was sacked . At first Sheen comes across like a college student who 's read too much of the Beat writers Jack Kerouac or Allen Ginsberg , referring to himself as the "  raven-wise , Gibson-shredding napalm poet before you , alone and unshackled . "  Oh how they once begged to attend my perfect banquet in the nude , " Sheen intones . "  Now they just beg for the keys to my gold . " He calls himself the "  Malibu Messiah " and repeatedly refers to himself as a warlock . But , clearly reading a prepared speech in video recorded live on Ustream.com , Sheen goes on long enough to make it hard for viewers to laugh off his rant . Chuck Lorre , the creator of the program that starred Sheen for eight years , comes in for the greatest abuse . "  I see you , you little worm , I see you behind your plastic smile , your bitchy pout , and your desperate need to be liked , " Sheen says , calling the TV executive "  Chuck E. Cheese Ball , " not using Lorre 's full name . He accuses Lorre of "  narcissism , greed  and  hatred of yourself -- or women , " one of several moments in the video that should give armchair psychiatrists plenty of material to mine . He says of CBS chief executive Les Moonves : "  You gave me your word so you gave me nothing . It must really suck being your missus , " again mangling the name . "  A high treason has occurred , " he concludes . "  The scales of justice are in a state of radical disarray . Together we must right this infantile wrong . Stay tuned , good soldiers . I 'll see you all on the battlefield . Dogspeed . " The video ends with helicopter sound effects and a single person clapping . Warner Bros. . Television fired Sheen Monday . "  After careful consideration , Warner Bros. . Television has terminated Charlie Sheen 's services on ` Two and a Half Men , ' effective immediately , " the company said in a statement . Sheen , 45 , has been known for his highly publicized marital , legal and substance abuse problems as much as his acting . The show was put on hiatus after he entered a rehabilitation program in January , and production was halted after Sheen blasted Lorre and Alcoholics Anonymous in a February 24 radio interview . He has followed that up with a series of interviews in which he threatened to sue CBS for shutting down the show , demanded a raise from $ 2 million to $ 3 million per episode and insisted he was "  clean , focused and ready to get back to work . " "  I feel more alive , I feel more focused , I feel more energetic , " Sheen told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " last week . "  I 'm on a quest to claim absolute victory on every front . " Amid his professional squabbles with Warner Bros. and CBS , Sheen 's estranged wife , Brooke Mueller , won a court order removing their twin sons from Sheen 's home after she told authorities he had threatened to cut her head off , "  put it in a box and send it to your mom . " In an interview with NBC 's "  Today Show , " Sheen denied making the threat and insisted the quote was fabricated . Sheen earlier pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge involving Mueller in August 2010 , receiving a sentence of 30 days probation , as well as rehabilitation and anger-management counseling . The following October , adult-film actress Capri Anderson accused Sheen of terrorizing her during a drunken rampage in a room at the Plaza Hotel in New York ; Sheen sued her in November , claiming she tried to extort money from him . And Sheen 's second wife , Denise Richards , accused Sheen of physically and verbally abusing her and threatening her life . She obtained a restraining order against him in 2006 . The couple divorced that year , and Richards has custody of their two daughters . Warner Bros. . Television is a division of Time Warner Inc. , also the parent company of CNN . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	The actor posts a long video rant on Ustream Ccreator of "  Two and a Half Men " is target of abuse Sheen was fired on Monday He 's been in the news for marital , legal and substance abuse problems
CNN  -- Some found it shocking when Oregon Gov. John Kitzhaber granted convicted double-murderer Gary Haugen a reprieve Tuesday , setting aside Haugen 's scheduled December 6 execution . Haugen , who killed another prisoner while serving a life sentence for a previous murder , had waived all appeals . In a previous term as governor , Kitzhaber allowed two men to be executed , and he explained Tuesday that "  I simply can not participate once again in something that I believe to be morally wrong . " A medical doctor with an active license , the governor also referred to his oath as a physician to "  do no harm " as he announced Haugen 's reprieve and a moratorium on executions for the remainder of his term in office . Notably , in issuing a reprieve  or delay  rather than commuting Haugen 's sentence , Kitzhaber left open the possibility of Haugen 's execution under a future governor . As the news spread , many people reacted with anger . Kitzhaber has been called a coward and worse . This wave of anger , though , should not distract from two important truths : first , that Kitzhaber 's actions are within , not without , the basic rules of our democracy ; second , that Kitzhaber is a proxy for the thousands of people in this country who have had to live with doubt and even regret because they were thrust into the death penalty process while doing their civic duty as jurors , judges or lawyers . In 1984 , Oregon voters chose by referendum to reinstate the death penalty . The legislature formulated rules for capital punishment . Prosecutors elected , as they could , to pursue the death penalty against Haugen . A jury heard the evidence , and 12 Oregon citizens voted to have Haugen put to death . The courts that heard Haugen 's appeals  up to the point he dropped them  found the process fair . Then , after all of this , Kitzhaber chose not to finish this expensive and consuming project . Kitzhaber 's choice is anti-democratic , it does frustrate the will of prosecutors , it must be confounding to those 12 jurors , and it constitutes a tremendous exercise of power based on just one person 's sense of morality . It is also wholly within the genius of American government . Oregon and other states have incorporated executive clemency into their systems of criminal law , drawing on the example laid out in the United States Constitution . The framers of the Constitution chose intentionally to give the executive that power , knowing full well that it would necessarily run contrary to popular will . If you are angry with Kitzhaber for using that power , also direct your anger at Alexander Hamilton , who was a driving force behind the institution of executive clemency in the United States . Here is part of what Hamilton said about it in Federalist Paper 74 : "  Humanity and good policy conspire to dictate , that the benign prerogative of pardoning should be as little as possible fettered or embarrassed . ... On these accounts , one man appears to be a more eligible dispenser of the mercy of government , than a body of men . " The anti-democratic institution of clemency that is generating such anger is contrary to the voters of Oregon , yes . However , we should not forget that that same institution is ancient , principled and an integral part of the broad scheme of justice that wiser men than I have constructed . A second buried truth is revealed within the tortured way in which Kitzhaber announced his decision . During a prior term as governor , in 1997 , he had allowed two executions , and it seems clear that he was deeply troubled by his role in those killings . How could he not be ? It is a heavy responsibility to participate in a deliberative process that identifies a citizen to be put to death by the state . However , Kitzhaber is just the exposed tip of an iceberg of human emotion . Beneath him are thousands of others who have been forced by the institution of capital punishment to live with their role in an intentional death . Among that group are lawyers , witnesses and judges , but perhaps most sympathetic of all are the jurors . They are plucked from their daily lives by the government and suddenly thrust into the most important role of all -- they must vote , unanimously , after deliberation , on whether someone will live or die . If they vote for execution , they must file back into that hushed , tense room , look that person in the eye and say in the most public of ways that they have chosen him to die . I have known some of those jurors . Years later , even if they were convinced they were right , they revealed deep and dark emotions related to what they had done . At best , that service was seen as a difficult but worthwhile sacrifice , and at worst as a moment they too often relived while filled with doubt . Kitzhaber is right to say that the capital process is fatally flawed . It is unfair to some defendants , yes . But a system that tries many , condemns some to die and executes few is also cruel and unusual to those who work within the process . It is primarily inflicting pain on victims ' relatives who wait in limbo , on jurors who relive those discussions , on prosecutors whose hearts are hardened while their efforts are frustrated and on the budgets and reputations of the states that choose to go on with it anyway . Kitzhaber is not wrong to declare a moratorium , but he would be better advised to fully commute the sentences of those on death row and urge his fellow citizens to be done with the whole mess that this process has become . That kind of bold action is not cowardice . It is leadership . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark Osler .	Mark Osler : Oregon governor drew some angry reactions to convict 's execution reprieve But executive clemency part of Oregon law , Osler says , an act of principle , not cowardice Osler : It 's right to resist process that pulls prosecutors , jurors , families into flawed system Gov. Kitzhaber should go further and commute death row sentences , Osler says
CNN  -- Actor Charlie Sheen was released from a Colorado jail Friday after he was arrested on domestic-violence-related charges , Aspen police said . Sheen , 44 , was charged with second degree assault and menacing , both felonies , and criminal mischief , a misdemeanor , police said . Additionally , Colorado law mandates a protective order between someone arrested for domestic violence and the victim . Police said the alleged victim , whom they did not identify , did not require a trip to a hospital . Sheen was released from the Pitkin County Jail at 7 p.m. local time after posting $ 8,500 bond . He is scheduled to appear in court February 8 . His spokesman , Stan Rosenfield , cautioned against jumping to conclusions . "  Do not be misled by appearance , " Rosenfield said . "  Appearance and reality can be as different as night and day . " Sheen has been married to sometime actress and real estate investor Brooke Mueller Sheen , his third wife , since May 2008 . The couple has twin sons born in March . Sheen stars in the popular television comedy "  Two and a Half Men " with Jon Cryer . Sheen -- whose real name is Carlos Irwin Estevez -- is the son of actor Martin Sheen . He has two brothers and a sister -- Emilio , Ramon and Renee Estevez -- who are also actors .	Actor charged with several offenses with a domestic violence component , police say Aspen , Colorado , police say alleged victim was not taken to hospital Sheen has been married to Brooke Allen since May ; they have twins
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama arrives in Richmond this weekend for his first official campaign visit to the battleground state of Virginia , a hyped rally that is mobilizing both Republican and Democratic ground troops for the general election . But the fight for Virginia begins in earnest Wednesday in the Washington suburb of Chantilly , a warren of office parks and shopping malls near Dulles International Airport and just 10 miles from where the first major battle of the Civil War unfolded . Mitt Romney will campaign at a Chantilly trade show facility and begin his quest to reverse Obama 's history-making win in 2008 , when he became the first Democrat to carry the state on the presidential level since Lyndon Johnson did so in his landslide 1964 election . The densely populated suburban swath outside Washington is hardly the only piece of the Virginia political puzzle -- the Richmond metro area and Hampton Roads in the southeast are also critical -- but because of the number of voters and their swingy tendencies , northern Virginia is guaranteed to be showered with attention from the presidential campaigns . It 's a fitting place for Romney to introduce himself to Virginians . Chantilly straddles two huge counties , Fairfax and Loudoun , that both voted for Obama in 2008 . One out of eight Virginians lives in Fairfax County , and Obama won the county in blowout fashion over Sen. John McCain of Arizona , taking 60 % of the vote there . But the next November , voters in Fairfax , Loudoun and Prince William counties swung back hard to Bob McDonnell , the state 's Republican governor . McDonnell called the Washington suburbs , heavy with small business owners and contractors for government agencies and the military , "  tremendously important " for Romney . "  You 've got a million people in Fairfax alone , " he said . "  You 've got a couple million in those ring counties . Republicans must do well and at least break even up there to win . You ca n't get blown out there , as has happened in a couple past elections . " McDonnell , a social conservative who won his race with a relentless focus on jobs and the economy , described northern Virginia as "  the biggest collection of independent voters who are fiscal conservative . " "  They will vote the issues , " he said . "  They will vote the person . Mitt has got to spent a fair amount of time there . " Until McDonnell 's victory , the region had been trending Democratic in statewide elections for years . Obama , for instance , won Fairfax County by 109,000 votes . In the 2006 Senate race , Jim Webb won it by 64,000 votes over George Allen . Tim Kaine won it by a similar margin to capture the governor 's mansion in 2005 . And John Kerry , despite losing the state to George W. Bush in 2004 , won Fairfax by 33,700 votes . But strategists for both parties say that voters are more fickle than recent election results let on . "  Those voters are far more independent than people give them credit for , " said Chris Saxman , a co-chairman of McCain 's 2008 campaign in Virginia . "  It 's the great , classic suburban swing vote . It 's where the state legislature has shifted its power . These are key districts . It 's a very discerning kind of voter that is closely watching every election . " Democrats admit that in the wake of the 2009 McDonnell wave , the Washington area is no gim me . "  It 's critically important in terms of its size and its swingy-ness , " said one veteran Democratic operative in the state who declined to be named discussing party strategy . "  And anyone who thinks of northern Virginia as a Democratic bastion just does n't understand the state . " The Obama campaign won in 2008 , in large part with organization . His supporters ventured far outside northern Virginia to find and register new voters in urban centers and traditionally Republican precincts across the state . That 's one reason why Obama is making his "  official " re-election debut on Saturday in central Virginia , where Democrats began making gains more than a decade ago when Mark Warner won the governorship in 2001 . The president 's rally is at Virginia Commonwealth University in downtown Richmond , offering him the chance to appeal to his urban base while also tapping into the area 's suburbs . At least one senior Republican strategist in the state gave Obama credit for the choice of venue . "  It 's a smart location because you 're killing a lot of birds , " said the strategist , who did not want to be identified while complimenting the Obama campaign . "  It 's a major city , a large university with a lot of students , and an area where you 're going to get a lot of earned media in Chesterfield , Henrico and Hanover Counties , which are pretty significant sizes . " Romney is also taking his campaign downstate on Thursday , when he will rally with McDonnell in Portsmouth , a Navy town in the vote-rich Hampton Roads region along the state 's southeastern coast . McDonnell said Romney needs to hit as many parts of the state as he can between now and November . "  It 's very hard for a Republican to win the presidency without Virginia , " he said .	Both Obama and Romney will campaign in Virginia this week Obama took D.C. suburbs in 2008 but they swung GOP in governor 's race Governor says area full of independents who are fiscally conservative One strategist calls the area "  the great , classic suburban swing vote "
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Gunmen killed a Somali lawmaker Tuesday , witnesses and officials said , the second assassination of a member of parliament in Mogadishu in less than 24 hours . Abdurasaq Mohamud , a local police officer , said that militants armed with pistols intercepted Abdulaziz Isaak Mursal as he was on his way to work from his home in Mogadishu 's Dharkenley neighborhood . The attackers ' vehicle stopped Mursal 's car , and two gunmen got out and opened fire . The gunmen fled and Somali security forces cordoned off the area , but the assailants escaped unharmed , Mohamud said . Abdi Mohamed , a colleague of the deceased lawmaker , said Mursal was rushed to Medina hospital nearby , but doctors were unable to save him . In a statement posted to the Internet , the Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Mursal 's assassination and said its fighters have vowed to kill Somali officials and target foreign governments that support Somalia 's government . Somali Prime Minister Abdiwali Sheikh Ahmed condemned the violence . "  These acts of terror only serve to inflict indiscriminate violence , distress and grief on innocent people . Taking a human life is abhorrent , and these terrorists have destroyed an innocent family and stricken them with grief , " he said in a statement issued Tuesday . On Monday , another Somali lawmaker was killed and another injured when a bomb hidden in their car exploded while they were headed to a security conference , officials said . Parliamentarian Isack Mohamed Ali , popularly known as Isack Rino , was killed , and lawmaker Mohamud Abdi-dhuuh was seriously injured , said Mohamed Abdiqadir Mohamed , district commissioner of Mogadishu 's Hamarweyne district . Al-Shabaab also claimed responsibility for Monday 's bombing in a statement posted to a pro-militant website . Ahmed said the two attacks were "  deplorable , " and "  the use of terror will not derail us from the progress made in securing Somalia . " Journalists Mohamed Sheikh Nor and Abdulkadir Fooday reported from Mogadishu ; CNN 's Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Saad Abedine and Tara Kangarlou also contributed to this report .	Gunmen shot and killed Abdulaziz Isaak Mursal on his way to work , police say The attack came a day after a car bombing killed lawmaker Isack Mohamed Ali Islamist rebel group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for both attacks Prime Minister : "  The use of terror will not derail us " from "  progress made in securing Somalia "
CNN  -- The news the Duchess of Cambridge is expecting a child marks a dramatic departure from previous royal pregnancies . For it is believed even the queen may not have been given the happy news . Buckingham Palace were forced to make the announcement only after Catherine was taken to hospital suffering from acute morning sickness . Usually proclamations of royal births are posted on the gates at Buckingham Palace only after the 12th week of pregnancy . But knowing it would be impossible to keep Catherine 's visit to hospital a secret , Buckingham Palace took the unusual step of pre-empting press speculation and revealing the news immediately . The announcement is in stark contrast to Princess Diana 's first pregnancy , which was announced some six weeks after the queen had been informed , and after months of intense press speculation . Royal advisors are being surprisingly open about Catherine 's condition , despite recent intrusions into her private life , including the publication of topless photos , which were condemned by Buckingham Palace . It is believed a new spirit of openness has been embraced by William and Catherine in an attempt to prevent the massive press interest and speculation that surrounded Princess Diana . Prince William drove his wife to hospital earlier today and spent hours by her bedside . He left tonight looking tense but happy . Catherine is expected to stay in hospital for several days . Catherine and William baby news sparks media frenzy Sources said the couple are "  incredibly happy but nervous . " In a statement on their website William and Catherine said they were "  delighted with the news . " It is unclear when senior members of the royal family , including the queen , were told about the pregnancy -- but a palace insider says Catherine 's parents were already aware their eldest daughter was expecting because she was taken ill whilst staying at their family home in Berkshire this weekend . Catherine 's pregnancy could turn out to be one of the most significant in the history of the British royal family , for the child will accede to the throne even if she is a girl . The child will not be subject to the centuries old law of primogeniture , which puts male heirs ahead of women . Britain 's Prime Minister David Cameron has agreed a deal to change the rules on the royal line of succession , which means male heirs will no longer be given priority . News of the pregnancy was met with joy throughout the UK . Within minutes of the announcement being published on the royal couple 's website it had crashed under the weight of traffic . Photos : The Duchess of Cambridge 's best looks	Palace forced to announce Duchess of Cambridge 's pregnancy after hospital trip Unclear when senior members of royal family , including the queen , were told Saunders : Pregnancy could be one of most significant in the UK royal history
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Kate Gosselin , the star of TLC 's "  Jon & Kate Plus 8 , " defended her husband over allegations that he is cheating and said the rumors are part of being on national television . Kate Gosselin , star of "  Jon and Kate plus 8 , " says rumors surrounding her husband are part of being a public figure . "  We , as you know , have a reality show . Everyone wants to know everything about us , " Gosselin told CNN 's Larry King on Thursday . "  And I feel like this is a situation , you know , you ca n't believe everything that you read ... and so we are dealing with it privately . " Kate Gosselin , her husband , Jon , and their eight children are featured on the TLC reality show , which chronicles the life of the supersized family . Kate Gosselin is also the author of a book , "  Eight Little Faces : A Mom 's Journey . " Tabloid reports have accused Jon Gosselin of cheating with a 23-year-old . Both have denied an affair . Watch Kate talk about cheating rumors " "  These allegations are false and just plain hurtful , " Jon Gosselin said in a statement . "  The bottom line is , I did not cheat on Kate . I 'm sorry for putting my family in this awkward position , given some poor decisions and bad judgments I 've made recently . " The poor judgments stem from the fact that Jon Gosselin does not understand the full impact of being a public figure , Kate Gosselin said . "  Jon is having difficult times realizing that you ca n't go to the grocery store without people whipping out their cell phones , calling everyone they know and taking pictures of you , " she said . "  He is dealing very poorly with it ... and these things are making him realize , ` Oh , my gosh , I can not go anywhere without everyone knowing who I am . ' " Watch whether Kate has doubts The couple married in 1999 after meeting at a picnic in 1997 , according to their Web site . The mother of sextuplets and twins said she and her husband are committed to their family . "  I think the important thing to remember is that we love our kids to pieces , " she said .	Kate Gosselin : "  You ca n't believe everything you read " Gosselin appears on TLC 's "  Jon and Kate plus 8 " as mom to sextuplets and twins Tabloid reports claim Gosselin 's husband having affair with another woman Jon Gosselin has denied cheating allegations
CNN  -- He 's the new Billy Mays . But Anthony Sullivan does n't shout , and he did n't exactly jump at the chance to take up the mantle of the famous TV pitchman . Nine months after the ubiquitous king of direct-response TV commercials was found dead in his Florida home at age 50 , Mighty Brands has announced that Sullivan will take Mays ' place as product spokesman . When Mighty Brands initially approached him with the idea , Sullivan , 41 , was hesitant at first . "  They came to me and said , ` You guys were great friends ' -- so it was tough . " After Mays ' family signed on to the idea , "  it came down to a question of , if I did n't do it , who else was going to do it ? " For those who have n't watched any TV in the past decade , the phrase "  Hi , Billy Mays here for Oxi Clean ! " made him a household name . Mays was the "  bearded , lovable rogue , " said Sullivan . Mays built a trademark with his shouting style and blue shirt and khaki pants . Sullivan was the mastermind behind those ads , acting as director and producer after competing against Mays for years in the cutthroat world of TV pitchmen . To his credit , Sullivan -- like Mays -- has sold hundreds of millions of dollars worth of products -- many of them you 've likely seen on TV . But before Sullivan moved countless Stick Up Bulbs , Smart Choppers , One Sweeps and Swivel Sweepers -- his first TV sales pitch almost happened by mistake . In 1993 , Sullivan stopped by the cable shopping channel HSN to sell a product called the SmartMop . At first , while chatting informally with a show host about the mops , Sullivan was unaware that the robotic cameras were trained on him . "  Are we on ? " he asked , already realizing the answer to his question . "  I just sort of froze for half a second , and I thought sh -- , I just got ta pitch . " Nine minutes later , the phone lines exploded . After 22 minutes , Sullivan had sold 5,000 SmartMops . Not bad for his first time at bat . Eventually , Mays also joined HSN and the two men "  lit up that network " for the next six years , said Sullivan . Different styles The two pitchmen wield very different styles . As Sullivan describes it , Mays ' secret weapon was himself and his bearded pitchman character to grab viewers ' attention . Sullivan , on the other hand , mesmerizes viewers with his southwestern English accent . He describes his style as honing in on viewers and focusing on the benefits of the product . Before earning U.S. citizenship , a younger Sullivan cut his teeth in the English street markets of London , drawn to the fast-talking Artful Dodgers who were as much entertainers as they were hucksters and pitchers . "  I was always amazed . " The London pitchmen -- following a centuries-old tradition in places like Petticoat Lane , Portobello Road and Blackbushe Market -- knew they 'd won over a crowd when they 'd see a husband nudge a wife acknowledging they 'd been entertained . "  They 'd say , ` You know , we watched this guy pitch his heart out and even though we really do n't need what he 's selling , he made us laugh . ' They 'd give you a 10-pound tip and take whatever it was we were selling . And I really enjoyed that part of the business . " Sullivan says street pitching has become a virtual lost art now because of eBay and the Internet . "  It was just poetic , these pitches , " recalled Sullivan , quoting some of the riffs that still echo across the years . ` Ladies and gentlemen , here 's where we sort the needy from the greedy , the spiers from the buyers , the ones that trust me from the ones that do n't . ' It was just this poetry -- if you will . That 's where poetry meets sales . " In the world of TV pitches , poetry meets sales with phrases like , "  For zest , it 's the best ! " and "  That 's cash in the trash ! " As Sullivan says , the best pitchers demonstrate their products -- and the bigger the demonstration , the better . He 's been set on fire and shared a kitchen with a grizzly bear . "  Some pretty crazy stuff . " This month Sullivan spent a day being dunked in the Florida intercoastal waterway . Sullivan went parasailing in a suit wrapped in a product called Mighty Thirsty , plunging into the water to demonstrate its absorbency . "  It was a strange moment , but only Billy could have got me there . " Because of his street market background -- or perhaps in spite of it -- Sullivan admits that some think his sales approach is more sophisticated than Mays ' boisterous , bellowing banter . "  I think we 're both relentless . " Mays died shortly after he and Sullivan wrapped the first season of Discovery Channel 's reality based TV series PitchMen . According to a Hillsborough County , Florida , autopsy report issued in August , Mays died from a heart attack -- with cocaine listed as a contributing factor . Choosing to move forward after Mays ' death , Sullivan and Discovery are producing a second season of PitchMen without casting a replacement for Mays . The refreshed program will focus more on inventors who pitch their products to be accepted for a Sullivan TV ad campaign . "  I think Billy would have slapped me on the side of the head if I did n't continue with it , " said Sullivan . ` Life 's a pitch and then you buy it ' Mays lives on in thousands of YouTube videos , where he 's often heard saying , "  Life 's a pitch and then you buy it . " Everyone is always selling or buying something , whether they realize it or not , said Sullivan . "  When your child 's applying for college -- it 's no different from pitching . You 're pitching yourself , your services , your family . You 're selling your house , you 're buying a house . Everyone is involved in the buying or selling process . Even if you 're buying -- you 're being sold . " How does Sullivan make the sale ? "  I think you have to be passionate . You have to be sincere . You have to really believe in what you sell . You have to do it with a smile . I often think that if you can make someone laugh while you 're selling -- and disarm them with a little bit of humor -- it goes such a long way . " But that 's not all , as the pitchmen often say . There 's more to this story . Lately , Mays ' 23-year-old son , Billy Mays III , has been working at Sullivan 's production company . Right now , the 23-year-old musician is n't interested in following his father 's path as a pitchman . "  He has his father 's soul , but he 's his own man in his own way , " said Sullivan . Even as Sullivan hawks Mays ' former brands , the Mays family will continue to get a cut of the proceeds from sales . "  Every time I say , ` Hi , Anthony Sullivan here , ' I always think it should be ` Hi , Billy Mays here , ' the pitchman confides . "  But the bottom line is , he 's not here . So I 'm honored to be carrying on his legacy a little bit . "	TV pitchman Anthony Sullivan replaces the late Billy Mays as product spokesman Sullivan learned to pitch in London 's English street markets where "  poetry meets sales " No matter who you are , everyone is always selling something , he says His tips for pitching : be passionate , sincere , smile and use humor
In 2001 a huge earthquake shook the state of Gujarat in India . 2,000 people were killed , 400,000 lost their homes , and countless more lost their businesses in the devastation . One young entrepreneur , Mansukhbhai Prajapati , lost everything , but found an innovative way to get back on his feet . Prajapati designed a low-cost clay fridge which required no electricity and continued to function in the event of major catastrophes or blackouts such as the one that devastated his village . Prajapati 's invention is part of a growing trend in India that has become known as "  frugal innovation " -- below-the-radar inventors across the country devising low-cost solutions to local problems , often borne of necessity , using bespoke technologies of their own creation . So striking has the trend for frugal innovation become , that last year the National Endowment for Science , Technology and the Arts  Nesta  , an independent charity in the UK , commissioned and published a major research paper on the phenomenon . The paper said "  frugal innovation is found throughout the Indian system : from ... efforts to crowdsource drug discovery driven by government labs , to Bharti Airtel 's approach to cutting the cost of mobile phone calls , to the Keralan approach to palliative care which is providing access to support at the end of life for thousands in a void of formal healthcare . " At the forefront of the frugal innovation movement is Professor Anil Gupta who , for the last 20 years , has been travelling across India in search of local inventors whose creativity has had a positive impact on rural poverty . In 1989 , Gupta founded the Honey Bee Network , an organization that uncovers grassroots inventors , and helps bring their inventions to the world . "  I have walked about 4,000 kilometers in the last 12 years , " says Gupta . "  I have tried to map the minds of people who are creating around the country . " Gupta 's journey has brought him into contact with inventors who are solving common problems in frugal ways , using traditional knowledge and readily available materials . By his own reckoning , Gupta believes that the Honey Bee Network has helped unearth over 25,000 new inventions , including a motorbike-mounted crop sprayer , a device for climbing trees , an amphibious bicycle and a wind-powered irrigation system . Kirsten Bound , the author of Nesta 's report , says "  frugal innovation is all about creating advantage out of constraint . Faced with scarce resources and institutional voids , frugal innovators develop radical new solutions to problems . It 's not just about making things cheaper , but better , more appropriate and scalable . It involves leveraging available resources in new ways , reducing or re-using waste or even re-thinking an entire system around a product or service . " Mansukhbhai Patel , a Gujerati farmer devised just such a product . Picking cotton in Gujarat is a manual task which , in the past , has frequently been undertaken by children . In a bid to reduce the work involved , Patel invented a cotton-stripping machine that can be operated by one person . Professor Gupta believes the invention has helped significantly reduce child labor in the region . Frugal Digital , a research group run by the Copenhagen Institute of Interaction Design , seeks to promote exactly this kind of invention . The group runs projects in conjunction with Indian inventors to build cheap , "  hackable " devices to solve enduring problems across the subcontinent . Priya Mani , project manager for Frugal Digital , says that there is a lot to learn from "  thinking about how you can hack everyday castaway objects . " The projects the organization has run in conjunction with Indian inventors have already yielded products that are being used around India today , including a classroom projector fashioned from repurposed cell phone components and a low-cost health screening tool made from an old alarm clock . But Mani believes that work being done by frugal innovators in India has yet to have a significant international impact : "  People thought we were totally nuts trying to create something new out of old parts . " Bound believes that the philosophy of frugal innovation and the practice of repurposing technology could be applied globally . "  Frugal innovation coming out of India could have important implications for the rest of the world " says Bound . "  General Electric has shown with its now famous ultra-low cost ECG machine that there is a Western market for products born out of the constraints of the Indian healthcare market . It forces multinationals to think about how their existing investment intensive models of innovation can face inevitable growing competition with Indian and Chinese multinationals . " Of course , not all stories of frugal innovation have a happy ending . In 1975 , flooding across India brought the province of Bihar to a standstill . The rising waters in the village of Jatwa-Janerwa made it impossible for many people to work , shop or go about their daily lives . Local honey salesman , Mohammed Saidullah , was forced to cross the swollen Ganges river for sell honey , but every trip came at a price -- the boat was expensive and paying the levy was driving him towards penury -- so he came up with novel solution . Saidullah locked himself away for three days of solid design and construction . When he emerged he had constructed an amphibious bicycle , which would allow him to contend with the annual monsoon . It looked like a regular bike , but had large retractable floats attached to the sides of each wheel . Saidullah 's invention earned him a raft of awards including the National Innovation Foundation 's lifetime achievement award . Yet in spite of the recognition , the inventor still lives in poverty . Gupta says there is work to be done yet in connecting creative people with funding , and not all of it can come from the public purse . According to Gupta , connecting grassroots technologists with big business will be key to development not just in India , but around the world . "  Nothing , " he says , "  can justify preventing people from learning from one another . "	Indian inventors recycle old technology to solve local problems Inventions include amphibious bicycles , wind-powered irrigation systems and tree-climbing machines Frugal innovators around India have patented their inventions and received awards
Washington  CNN  -- The United States accused Russia on Monday of violating the 1987 Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty , citing cruise missile tests that date to 2008 , senior State Department and White House officials said . "  This is a very serious matter which we have attempted to address with Russia for some time now , " said a senior State Department official . Russia 's suspected violation of the treaty was first reported Monday by The New York Times . "  The 2014 Compliance Report of the treaty includes a determination that the Russian Federation is in violation of its INF Treaty obligations not to possess , produce , or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile with a range capability of 500 to 5,500 kilometers  310 to 3,417 miles  , or to possess or produce launchers of such missiles , " a White House official said , adding that they "  have kept the Congress and our allies informed of this matter . " The violation was for cruise missile tests that date back to 2008 , prompting an administration review as to whether the tests are in violation of the 1987 treaty between the United States and Russia banning medium range missiles . President Barack Obama has written his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin a letter about the matter . Monday 's news comes during a increasingly icy period for relations between Washington and Moscow due to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine , where Russia is said to be supporting separatists . The United States will place new sanctions on Russia this week , White House Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken announced Monday without elaborating . Opinion : We must end this trade in weapons of war The United States also is upset with Russia for giving asylum to National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden . The officials said the administration has also informed NATO allies of Russia 's suspected violation . The officials said Washington , which first raised the issue with Russia last year , has recently notified Moscow of the determination and has proposed senior-level talks in the effort to bring Russia back into compliance with its obligations under the treaty . Officials pointed out the treaty does n't just protect the United States and Russia , but the 11 former Soviet republics also a party to the treaty , as well as allies in Europe and East Asia . "  The United States is committed to the viability of the INF Treaty . We encourage Russia to return to compliance with its obligations under the Treaty and to eliminate any prohibited items in a verifiable manner , " the senior state department official told CNN . One of the officials said further talks with America 's allies would "  take into account the impact of this Russian violation on our collective security if Russia does not return to compliance . " The administration has been raising this issue with Russia for more than a year . The Russians responded that they investigated the matter and considered it closed . CNN 's Athena Jones contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama sends Vladimir Putin letter addressing the matter U.S. believes Russia has tested cruise missiles not allowed by 1987 treaty Moscow says it investigated and considers the matter closed Source tells CNN that Washington has proposed senior-level talks with Moscow
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Thousands of people were pushing for rescue efforts in Haiti to continue Sunday , after a 24-year-old man was pulled alive from the ruins on Saturday , 11 days after the nation 's devastating earthquake . The Haitian government says it will be switching from a search and rescue operation to a search and recovery mission . But families of Americans who were staying at the leveled Hotel Montana are fighting that , and started an online petition Saturday in an effort to continue search efforts there "  until all the survivors are accounted for . " As of Sunday morning , 2,395 people had signed the petition and sent 6,216 messages to the Senate , Congress and the White House , said Sue Keller , a friend of a family whose relatives are among the missing . The families hope to have at least 5,000 signatures by Monday , she said . The Haitian government has said more than 111,000 people died in the January 12 quake , which registered 7.0 in magnitude . But on Saturday , a French rescue team was able to save one life as they pulled Wismond Jean-Pierre from the rubble of the Hotel Napoli Inn in Port-au-Prince . According to his brother , Jean-Pierre worked in the hotel 's grocery store and survived his week and a half in the rubble by consuming cookies and beer . Dehydrated but apparently without injury , Jean-Pierre was even talkative as he was placed in an ambulance and driven to a hospital . Lt. Col. Christophe Renou , a French rescuer briefly overcome with emotion , called the three-hour effort "  a miracle . " Other members of the team -- assisted by American and Greek workers -- were seen weeping after Jean-Pierre was freed . Rescues like Jean-Pierre 's , and others that have happened in the week following the disaster , sparked hope among families of the missing . But the emotional rescue came on a day when much of Haiti was mourning as operations largely shifted from rescue to recovery , and the country 's president attended the funeral of an archbishop who was one of the victims . A Mexican rescue team had pulled the body of 63-year-old Monsignor Joseph Serge Miot from ruins near the national cathedral , which he oversaw as archbishop of Port-au-Prince . The cathedral was destroyed . At the funeral , President René Préval was asked to respond to criticism that he has not shown strong public leadership and has been largely unseen in the aftermath . "  This is not about politics today , " he said . CNN iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti The most recent death toll is the worst caused by an earthquake since the 2004 Asian tsunami that resulted from a temblor , and the second-highest death toll from an earthquake in more than three decades , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . "  Rescue teams continue to work in Port-au-Prince , we continue to hope that they will be able to find people still alive , but as time passes , we must gradually shift our resources from rescue to recovery , " Nick Birnback , spokesman for U.N. peacekeeping operations , said Saturday . International search teams have rescued at least 132 people since the quake struck , the U.N. said . Birnback said the priority now is to remove bodies and clean up affected areas to avoid health hazards and the spread of disease . He said the United Nations will start bringing in heavier equipment , which will allow teams to move concrete and damaged homes . More than 600,000 people have also been left homeless in and around the capital of Port-au-Prince , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . Interactive map of where to find aid , hospitals in Haiti Meanwhile , up to 140 flights a day are regularly arriving at the single-runway Port-au-Prince airport , compared with 25 in the immediate aftermath of the January 12 quake , OCHA said Saturday . To relieve congestion at the airport , humanitarian cargo is being moved to a forward dispatch area at one end of the runway . The Las Americas airport in Santo Domingo , in neighboring Dominican Republic , is starting to report congestion as it becomes increasingly used as an alternative airport , OCHA said . It will now be open overnight to accommodate the extra traffic . Those managing the land transport of supplies from Santo Domingo will need fuel , and OCHA said there is enough in Haiti to last an additional 18 to 19 days . But it said it expects no shortage of fuel because supplies of fuel will be able to enter the port during that time . One concern with cross-border traffic is the unauthorized departure of Haitian children , OCHA said . Charities and aid groups have said in recent days that they are concerned about the danger of child trafficking after the earthquake . Groups including Save the Children and World Vision have called for a halt to adoptions , saying many children may appear to be orphaned but have simply been separated from their families . "  If children must be evacuated from Haiti because their protection needs can not be met in country , the evacuation must be carefully documented , the children must be registered with the proper authorities and all efforts must be made to reunify them with family before any adoption proceedings are considered , " the U.S.-based Women 's Refugee Commission said . The number of unaccompanied children needing support is greater than the capacity to respond , OCHA said . Authorities are working with unaccompanied children who are being released from hospitals , it said .	24-year-old pulled from hotel ruins 11 days after quake offers hope more are alive More than 111,000 have died since the January 12 quake , the Haitian government says Families are protesting the switch from search/rescue to rescue/recovery
Polish cities , attitudes and styles : they 've all developed their own distinct identities since the country parted with communism almost 25 years ago -- but can the same now be achieved with Polish cuisine ? That 's the aim of Wojciech Amaro , an award-winning Polish chef and the man behind the country 's first Michelin Star restaurant , who is intent on changing perceptions of his country 's culinary craft . "  We 're trying to draw a new line for Polish cuisine , " Amaro explained . "  This means  having a new combination  of ingredients  but in the end , people can feel this is Poland on the plate . " See also : Poland captured on instagram In the modest-looking "  Atelier Amaro " restaurant in central Warsaw , Amaro serves up his unique brand of gastronomic excellence . His inventive style saw him awarded with the prestigious Chef de l'Avenir award from the International Academy of Gastronomy in 2008 while Atelier Amaro was given a Michelin Star in April 2013 . Yet despite his passion for all things Polish and contentment with his Warsaw studio , Amaro has spent much of his working life abroad learning from some of Europe 's most famous chefs . The aim was to build up a bank of ideas and tastes before returning home to set up shop in Poland , he said . His previously nomadic life enabled Amaro to hone his skills in high-pressure kitchens across London . He also spent time in Catalonia , Spain , at the El Bulli restaurant of Ferran Adria , the man often referred to as the world 's greatest chef . See also : Polish street art goes bigger than Banksy Amaro says his time overseas was professionally formative . "  I took all my ideas and dreams and I brought them back , " Amaro says . "  This country had no such education system in gastronomy . I wanted to learn from the best and one day come back and do something with Polish cuisine . " As with Britain 's Heston Blumenthal or René Redzepi , who heads the Danish restaurant Noma , Amaro is highly regarded for his scientific approach to food . He spends much of his time tinkering with conventional ideas and refining ingredients down to their elemental forms , many of which are sourced from all over Poland . Prior to opening the restaurant , Amaro spent a year searching his home country to locate the best ingredients and gain inspiration from Poland 's forgotten culinary traditions . He racked up more than 60,000 kilometers  37,000 miles  in the process and now relies on many of the producers he met in his travels as suppliers for his restaurant . When CNN visited , Amaro was busy in his kitchen compressing pumpkin , beetroot , and sweet potato  all sourced in Poland , of course  into a vacuum machine which he says brings out their hidden flavors . See also : Poland 's medieval majesty "  We actually pay respect to the tradition because we use the ingredients that could be at some point forgotten , " Amaro said . "  We bring them back to life and we create new dishes out of them . " For the proud Pole , this painstaking process is not just about creating food he finds challenging and rewarding . It 's about creating a new Polish identity that everyone can share . "  You can really feel that . You have this sense of , you know , living in this country that  there  is something booming , " he enthused . "  We  the restaurant  just want to be part of that and do our job in terms of cuisine and gastronomy , so it 's really an amazing time , " he added .	Wojciech Amaro is a Polish chef aiming to put his country 's culinary craft on the map Amaro is the man behind Poland 's first Michelin Star restaurant His scientific approach to food has enabled him to create a distinctive style
CNN  -- A tiger mauled a caretaker who was cleaning its cage , clamping the woman 's head in its mouth during the attack at an Indiana animal rescue shelter . The woman is in critical condition after the attack Friday at the Exotic Feline Rescue Center in Center Point , Indiana . The facility confirmed an incident involving an employee and a tiger , but declined to provide specifics , saying it does not want to discuss the incident with the media . In a statement , the Clay County Sheriff 's Office provided more details on the attack . The victim was cleaning cages when a worker nearby heard her screaming , Sheriff Rob Gambill said in a statement . When the employee ran over to help , she discovered the tiger had her head in its mouth . Joe Taft , the director of the facility , sprayed the 18-year-old tiger named Raja in the face with a hose to loosen its grip before it was eventually lured away with food . The victim , who is in her early twenties , was air-lifted to an Indianapolis hospital . Authorities said the tiger escaped its holding area because a door was not properly shut . Taft said the victim had "  a fair amount of experience " working with cats and had previously interacted with that very tiger . It is one of about 130-140 tigers living at the facility . UK zoo worker dies after being mauled by tiger Worker mauled to death at California sanctuary by her favorite lion	The victim was cleaning cages when a worker nearby heard her screaming The 18-year-old tiger named Raja was eventually lured away with food The victim , who is in her early twenties , was air lifted to an Indianapolis hospital
London  CNN  -- The landscape of German politics is changing . Angela Merkel has just been re-elected chancellor and is considered the country 's most powerful female politician ever . And now , for the first time in its history , two black politicians are entering parliament . Charles Huber of Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union  CDU  and Karamba Diaby from the Social Democratic Party of Germany  SPD  , were elected in this month 's general election to Germany 's parliament , the Bundestag . Huber , 56 , is a television actor in Germany well-known for starring in the detective TV series "  Der Alte "  "  The Old Man "  for years . He was born in Munich to a Senegalese father and a German mother . Diaby , 51 , was born in Senegal and gained German citizenship in 2001 . After his election he told CNN : "  We are a country of diversity , people of all religions , ethnicities and skin colours live here , but it 's time that this is being reflected in politics and public service . There is urgent need for action . " Angela Merkel 's recipe for success Diaby studied at university in Dakar : in 1986 he was awarded a scholarship and moved to Halle in former communist East Germany to undertake a doctorate in chemistry . "  German society is changing and there have been several positive developments , " said Diaby . Measures he cited included the introduction of legislation to recognize degrees obtained abroad and the implementation of the Immigration Act in 2005 , which opened up Germany to immigration . "  The language has also changed , " Diaby said . "  We do n't use the word ` foreigners ' anymore , but now we say ` people with a migration background ' . " Video : Immigration and integration in Germany Diaby 's first priority now that he is a lawmaker in the Bundestag is to tackle the issue of education to ensure that everyone in Germany , no matter what their ethnicity , skin colour or financial background , has access to good schooling . "  Educational success is very much dependent on how big the parents ' wallet is , " he said . He also wants to debate the introduction of dual citizenship as at the moment German citizens born to non-German nationals have to choose a citizenship before they turn 23 . "  I hope that my candidacy will make a change and put an end to some prejudices , " he said . In addition to the election of Germany 's first two black lawmakers to the Bundestag , Merkel 's party now also has its first Muslim lawmaker in the parliament , with Cemile Giousouf -- who was born in Germany to Turkish immigrant parents -- representing the city of Hagen in North-Rhine Westphalia . Muslim politicians have been elected to Germany 's parliament in the past -- the first in 1994 -- but they have mainly represented the Social Democrats or the left-wing Die Linke . Multiculturalism is no failure Out of the 630 seats in parliament , 34 -- or just over 5 % -- are now taken by lawmakers with immigrant backgrounds , up from 21 in the previous term , Migration Media Service , a group that researches immigration in Germany , said in a statement . "  It 's a positive development when the parliament is starting to reflect society , " said Tanja Kiziak of the think-tank Berlin Institut , which researches demography and development . But it 's still a way off from reflecting Germany 's 81.9 million population as a whole : around 20 % of people have immigrant roots , with a large majority of those from Turkey . "  The issue of integration is being discussed more and more , of course it 's a controversial topic in society , " said Kiziak , "  but at least now it 's on the table . "	Charles Huber  CDU  and Karamba Diaby  SPD  are the first two black politicians in the Bundestag . Just 5 % of all MPs have immigrant backgrounds - while 20 % of Germany 's population have roots abroad . Issues Diaby wants to debate in parliament include dual citizenship , education and immigration laws . Cemile Giousouf is the CDU 's first Muslim Bundestag member .
Gaborone , Botswana  CNN  -- Botswana has joined the international community in commending the Egyptian people for the largely peaceful manner in which they brought about the ouster of long-time leader Hosni Mubarak . The Foreign Affairs Ministry of Botswana noted in a news release the Egyptian military 's pledges for a peaceful transition to democratic rule anchored on free and fair elections as well as freedom of expression and association . Nevertheless , Botswana expressed some reservations about the military takeover of the government for the next six months or until the elections are held . "  We are , however , concerned that the military is in charge of such transition , which in our view is not the best arrangement , " the news release says . Botswana says it is hopeful that the military will exit the political scene as soon as possible to allow a democratic process to take place . The land-locked Southern African country further calls on the international community to spare no effort in working with the current leadership in Egypt to bring about meaningful change , in line with the wishes and aspirations , it says , of ordinary men and women who sacrificed their time , comforts and even lives to usher in a new era in their country . Mubarak was ousted Friday after being at the helm of his North African country for nearly 30 years .	Botswana expresses concern "  that the military is in charge " of the transition in Egypt It says it hopes the military will step aside as soon as possible It urges other nations to work hard to ensure meaningful change in Egypt
CNN  -- As a college professor who has talked to hundreds of women who are aiming to break the glass ceiling , I find that all the hubbub about paving the road to success by enlisting mentors , joining a support group , and simply learning to take it like a man misses a crucial point : Young women are ambitious but worried about making it all happen . Like clockwork , my female college students -- future doctors , lawyers , bankers , and computer programmers -- show up for office hours when course materials confront them with the realities of gender and family issues in the 21st century . The key questions on these minds of these twenty-something-year-olds are : Will they ever be able to have kids if they pursue a career in medicine , law , banking , or high-tech ? Should their Plan B exclude kids altogether ? Is there any hope that will not repeat the mistakes of mothers who opted out and found out they could n't opt back in when their children were grown ? Is it really going to be that difficult ? Even though these women are , statistically , years away from marriage and bearing children , and they have come to take careers and economic independence for granted , they know that work/family balance is a thorny subject . And they are worried about how -- and if -- they can have it all . Opinion : Do n't ask for all , ask what makes you happy So I do a little therapy with them . We start with the obvious : Find a spouse who will split up the housework ;  the research is on their side ; American men are pulling much more weight at home than ever before  . We talk about delaying childbearing . We talk about finding the "  right fit . " But there 's no way to work around the elephant in the room : a supportive spouse , the right career choice , and delaying childbearing into their 30s wo n't help them figure out how to remain on the fast track when they 're aching not to miss their babies ' first steps or first day in kindergarten . 10 views : Our struggle to ` have it all ' "  I do n't necessarily need to be there with cookie and milk everyday when my kids come home from school but I want to be a part of my kids ' lives . How can you do that if you 're working 12 hours a day ? " said one future doctor . She 's considering forgoing children altogether . And she 's not alone . American women are having fewer children and at later ages . A staggering number of them are deciding to not to have children . Some pundits are worried , while others celebrate the diversity of choices . Kathleen Gerson , a sociologist at New York University interviewed young men and women about their perceptions of work-family issues before the real juggle began . She learned that both men and women were planning on equally sharing their work and home requirements . However , there was a persistent gender gap between these young , still childless men and women . Their "  Plan Bs " varied widely : Young men thought that if the equality ideal failed , their wives would be the ones to cut back on work . Young women agreed . Which brings us back to glass ceilings and shattered dreams . Work , family and ` leaning in ' : Seven families trying to make it work One particularly bright student , nearing graduation , reflected on how she has always felt equal to her male peers ; in fact , she out-performed them . "  I was the total driven alpha male , " she said . She was thrilled to land a lucrative internship at a bio-tech research lab after her junior year . "  And that 's when it hit me , " she said , of her choice , to rethink her career plans ; "  I realized that I was never going to see daylight ! I mean , I was working with these brilliant people . These brilliant women . But there was this young mother who always trying to get out early enough to spend time with her son ; and of course it almost never worked out . I mean the kid was fine , the dad picked him up from preschool . But watching her struggle really made me think . I always thought that I was just going to make it work . But now I 'm not so sure anymore . " She 's still heading out to a prestigious Ph.D. program in the fall , but is now thinking of a less demanding career path . For a new generation of women , they are making rational choices . They understand that their ability to balance their lives has much more to do with what the American workplace of the future will look like than any of the choices they will make . The question remains : Will the workplace of the future evolve for the better so that women wo n't have to worry anymore ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Orit Avishai .	Orit Avishai : My young college female students are ambitious and smart Avishai : But they worry about balancing family and career and whether to have children She says the choices that these women plan to make are rational and realistic Avishai : Much will depend on what the American workplace of the future look like
CNN  -- Kenya has enjoyed a reputation as one of East Africa 's most stable nations since achieving independence from the UK in 1963 . Residents of the Mathare slum in Nairobi shout at demonstrators during violent clashes . But a booming tourism industry , impressive economic growth -- currently six percent a year according to The Economist -- and decades of peace in a region scarred by conflict have served to disguise widespread poverty , violent crime and corruption and simmering ethnic tensions . Tribal bonds remain stronger than national identity in Kenya , with the country 's 36 million people claiming allegiance to around 40 different tribes . Last week 's election pitched incumbent President Mwai Kibaki , a member of Kenya 's largest Kikuyu tribe , against opposition leader Raila Odinga of the Luo tribe . The Kikuyu make up about 22 percent of Kenya 's population . Mostly originating from Kenya 's central highlands , the Kikuyu have long wielded strong economic and political power within the country . Kenya 's first post-independence leader , Jomo Kenyatta , president from 1964 until 1978 , was a Kikuyu . Kibaki , a government minister from 1965 until winning power as head of the Party of National Unity in elections five years ago , also enjoys the support of Kenyatta 's successor , Daniel Arap Moi , a member of the Kalenjin tribe who ruled Kenya for 24 years from 1978 to 2002 . The Luo make up around 13 percent of the population , mostly in the west of the country . But they also form a sizeable community in some of Nairobi 's most notorious slums , such as the vast Kibera shantytown where Odinga enjoys strong support and where some of this week 's fiercest violence has occurred . Odinga 's Orange Democratic Movement is also backed by many members of the Luhya tribe , Kenya 's second largest ethnic group , after Odinga promised to make a leading Luhya his deputy if elected . This week 's violence came as election officials declared victory for Kibaki with 51.3 percent to 48.7 percent for Odinga in the closest presidential vote in Kenyan electoral history . But the result has been questioned by international election observers , throwing the country 's political future into doubt . Kibaki 's first election success in 2002 -- declared free and fair by international observers -- was hailed at the time as a step forward for Kenyan democracy . However , his term has been dogged by allegations of corruption and graft . E-mail to a friend	Kenya 's 36 million population made up of around 40 tribal groups President Mwai Kibaki belongs to the influential and powerful Kikuyu tribe Challenger Raila Odinga 's Luo tribe forms sizeable group in west , Nairobi slums Kenya dogged by poverty , violent crime , corruption , simmering ethnic tensions
CNN  -- Even at the age of 82 the work ethic still burns bright in Arnold Palmer , the man who inspired a generation of baby-boomers to take up golf and whose support of the British Open proved pivotal for its future success . The elite of world golf gather at Royal Lytham and St. Annes this week on the 50th anniversary of Palmer 's crushing victory at Scottish links course Troon in 1962 -- and "  The King " still exerts a significant influence on the sport he once dominated . "  I would like to be remembered for bringing golf to a worldwide audience , " Palmer told CNN . "  Players today have no boundaries . " As part of golf 's "  Big Three , " Palmer helped pioneering player agent Mark McCormack take the sport around the globe in the 1960s , capitalizing on the ever-growing reach of television . Why U.S. golf has a healthy future The tournament Palmer still proudly hosts in the last week of March , at his Bay Hill course in Florida , attracts a stellar international lineup and was won this year by Tiger Woods . He is a very hands-on host , making sure the course is in top condition and appearing daily on the television coverage of the event . This year , he suffered a health scare after leaving the TV tower on the final day -- a blood pressure problem , according to his family -- and could not give out the prizes as has been tradition . But Palmer has made a full recovery and now , half century on from his second British Open triumph , the spotlight has again fallen on his trailblazing achievements . A leader of men When he first played golf 's oldest tournament in 1960 , it had fallen out of favor with American pros . Ben Hogan in 1953 was the last from the U.S. to win it , and only three entered in 1959 -- put off by the long journey and comparatively low prize money on offer . Again there were only three Americans in the 74-man field at St. Andrews , one being the legendary Gene Sarazen -- still playing late into his 50s on a lifetime exemption dating back to his 1932 success . Palmer failed to emulate Hogan 's triple-major feat , falling one shot short of Kel Nagle following earlier victories at the Masters and U.S. Open , but he returned to the UK the next year and claimed the coveted "  Claret Jug " at Royal Birkdale . Palmer had already won his third Masters crown before romping to victory at Troon in 1962 . "  I got it going in the final round and it was very enjoyable , " he told CNN . Ever modest , Palmer 's margin of victory over Nagle was six shots and he was a remarkable 13 strokes clear of third place . His 1961 exploits had inspired a young Jack Nicklaus to make his British Open debut at Troon , and the "  Golden Bear " won it for the first time in 1966 -- two years after compatriot Tony Lema also triumphed at St. Andrews . By then Palmer had been represented by McCormack for several years , and their partnership helped changed the face of golf and modern sports . Famous deal McCormack was a Cleveland attorney , only a year older than Palmer , and they famously struck their deal in 1960 with just a handshake . McCormack had seen his client 's potential , and the increased television coverage of golf was extending his appeal to a wider audience . "  He was very smart . He was a motivator and went after it , and that was something I enjoyed , " recalled Palmer . McCormack later persuaded Nicklaus and South Africa 's Gary Player to join Palmer at his International Management Group  IMG  and the "  Big Three " was born , popularizing golf worldwide in a series of made-for-television events . But Palmer held a very special place in the affections of the golfing galleries and it is easy to see why with his attacking play and flamboyant style . He was the first golfer to attract his own special following -- "  Arnie 's Army " -- diehard fans who surrounded every green to cheer him on , win or lose . Woods in his pomp had a similar fan base decades later , but Palmer was the first and he appreciated their support . "  They only encouraged me to continue to do the things I was doing and gave me the confidence I needed , " he said . Charismatic star But it was not only his fine play which drew them in . He had that "  something " -- an aura , charisma combined with good looks . A hitch of his tightly fitting pants followed most shots , and his stylish outfits made him stand out from the average pro . "  It was not something I really planned , " Palmer admitted . "  I liked a sharp crease in my slacks , my shoes polished to shine , while my shirts were conservative with a straight collar . "  It was a style I stuck with for most of my career . " Intentional or not , it has proved popular . GQ Magazine named him one of the "  50 most stylish men of the past 50 years " and Esquire had him in a list of the "  75 best-dressed men of all time . " Golfers are rarely remembered for their fashion sense , usually the exact opposite , but the outfits he wore in 1962 have been recreated for a new range of Arnie Apparel . Palmer wanted promising PGA Tour player Ryan Moore to don the outfits -- "  I took a particular liking to him when he won the U.S. Amateur , a very polite young man " -- and he has got his wish . Moore has won once on the lucrative U.S. calendar , in 2009 , but if he can achieve a fraction of Palmer 's achievements in golf , he will count himself lucky . Seven major wins , 62 in all on the PGA Tour , not to mention his later exploits on the Seniors circuit -- which he more than any other golfer helped publicize and give legitimacy to the idea of golfers aged 50 plus still competing at the top level . Endorsing success With the business acumen of McCormack promoting his off-course activities , Palmer lent his image to a host of products and services , becoming the first sportsman to show that income from commercial endorsements could outstrip prize-money earnings . "  Mark was very good at marketing , " Palmer said , and where he led , others were quick to follow . With the "  Big Three " dominating golf , McCormack branched out into other sports such as tennis and then into the world of showbiz . He even marketed a papal tour of Britain in 1982 . By the time McCormack died in 2003 , IMG was the most powerful sports marketing company in the world and had Woods as its star client . Palmer 's own commercial activities have helped him amass an estimated $ 675 million fortune , which is still growing despite his retirement from competitive golf in 2006 . He is proud of his legacy on and off the course , and is optimistic for the future , particularly with golf winning inclusion to the 2016 Olympics in Rio . "  We will see more Third World countries participating . I think that 's important , and we will see interest getting to the point when we can rival soccer and tennis , " he predicted . Palmer may well get his wish , but he has already forged his place in golfing history as a true trailblazer .	This week marks 50th anniversary of Arnold Palmer 's second victory at British Open Palmer 's support of British major helped popularize the tournament internationally American 's partnership with agent Mark McCormack changed the face of sports Palmer shows no sign of easing up at the age of 82
CNN  -- Defense Secretary Leon Panetta provided a stark warning on Wednesday about the effects of impending budget cuts on the military unless Congress acts to avert them . The result , he said , would be "  the most serious readiness crisis " faced by the armed services in over a decade . The outgoing secretary 's address at Georgetown University included the first details of how the Pentagon would deal with the automatic spending cuts -- or sequestration in congressional jargon -- set to trigger March 1 across federal agencies . Military pay in play in game of political poker Here 's a look at recent U.S. defense spending , by the numbers : 3.5 -- Percentage of the GDP now proposed to be spent for military purposes in 2013 . 1/3 -- Portion of the military budget consisting of military pay and allowances , plus health care . 90 -- Percentage increase in military pay and allowances since FY2001 . $ 34,000 -- Average annual salary of a military mechanic in Waco , Texas . $ 34,000 -- Amount it cost the Department of Defense to have a report prepared about the FY2012 budget . 8.4 -- Percentage of GDP spent on the military by Saudi Arabia in 2011 . It 's the highest in the world , according to the World Bank . $ 48.7 billion -- Department of Defense Unified Medical Budget that supports the Military Health System $ 17.6 billion -- Amount of money the Department of Defense will save over a five-year period by enacting a proposed annual fee for TRICARE for beneficiaries who are older than 65 46 -- Military protection manpower per 1,000 people in North Korea in 2008 , the highest in the world . 5 -- Military protection manpower per 1,000 people in the United States in 2008 . $ 12 million -- Estimated amount the U.S. wasted each day in Iraq and Afghanistan , according to a 2011 report by the Commission on Wartime Contracting . Panetta to recommend pay cut for military CNN Explains : Sequestration	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta sounds the alarm about draconian spending cuts Budgets and figures small and large provide glimpse into defense spending
CNN  -- Last week , President Obama traveled to a historic town in Kansas to offer a vision of a revived American middle class . Where Free Soilers and slaveholders had once done violent battle , where Teddy Roosevelt called for a "  New Nationalism , " Barack Obama presented this challenge : "  W  hat 's at stake is whether this will be a country where working people can earn enough to raise a family , build a modest savings , own a home , secure their retirement . " This is what we all want -- Republicans as well as Democrats , liberals as well as conservatives . The issue here is bigger than just how to revive U.S. economic growth . Even during the years of economic growth from 2002 through 2007 , middle-class people did not share much in the benefits of an expanding economy . It 's easy to imagine that the middle class could likewise be locked out of the next economic expansion . Obama scorchingly argued that Republicans and conservatives will not deliver for the middle class . But his own program is not exactly inspiring either . The president called for higher taxes on higher earners , with the extra revenues used to increase spending on education and to invest in government infrastructure programs . But there 's no reason to expect more education spending to translate into higher incomes for middle-class people . U.S. expenditure on education doubled between 1992 and 2006 without doing much for the middle class financially . What would another doubling accomplish ? The U.S. already spends more on high school education than any advanced society except Switzerland and Norway , and considerably more than such egalitarian societies as Austria and Denmark . As for increasing infrastructure spending , the president is kidding himself . Smart infrastructure spending enhances productivity , which is always good . But U.S. productivity grew handsomely between 1993 and 2007 . The trouble was that the benefits of that productivity increase were almost entirely captured by a hyper-affluent few . Why expect the next round of productivity increases to be shared more broadly ? Realistically , the president 's Kansas speech translates into a formula of higher taxes on the rich to pay for more spending on favored Democratic public-sector constituencies . But what about the much larger private-sector middle class ? Does the president have anything to offer those people -- aside from the promise of a bigger government that might hire somewhat more people to enjoy the superior retirement packages offered to government workers ? Short answer : No . What would a serious plan to improve middle-class incomes and opportunities look like ? It would start by addressing the way in which middle-class income is drained off before it ever reaches the middle class . During the last expansion , the cost of labor to employers did rise . It 's just that virtually none of that additional money flowed through to raise wages . Over this decade 's expansion , the cost of employing labor rose by an average of 25 % . None of this money reached employees . Every dime was intercepted by rising health care costs . For wages to rise again , health care costs must slow . We saw that happen in the 1990s : HMOs controlled health care costs , employees got raises . Health care is such an important part of the income story that you could almost stop there . Yet there 's a second piece : college costs . Higher education costs have been rising more than twice as fast as inflation , faster than almost any purchase except health insurance . It was often to pay those rising costs that families accepted the home equity lines of credit and second mortgages that contributed so much to inflating the housing bubble . At the same time as reducing costs for middle-class families , actions can be taken to take to boost incomes . Over the past two decades , the U.S. has lost global market share , especially to China . One of China 's most important tools has been the manipulation of its currency , which it has held artificially cheap compared with the dollar . If China tried to gain global market share by subsidizing its exports direct from the Chinese treasury , such subsidies would trigger U.S. retaliation under global trade rules . However , global trade rules do not apply to subsidies created by monetary means . Through this anomaly , the U.S. has outsourced more jobs than it would have if China 's currency had moved freely , like the euro or the yen . It 's time for the U.S. to reconsider its casual attitude to monetary manipulation . A more expensive yuan would slow and possibly even reverse the flow of jobs across the Pacific . If the yuan goes up , Chinese exports decline and U.S. exports rise . More work is done in the U.S. , meaning more jobs , spurring a higher demand for labor and higher wages . Finally , the U.S. needs to reconsider the way it finances Medicare and the Social Security retirement system . The payroll tax has become more and more important to U.S. finances since 1980 . Before the crash , payroll taxes supplied almost 40 % of all federal revenues . These taxes fall heaviest on middle-income Americans . President Obama 's payroll tax holiday expires at the end of this year . As we debate whether to renew the holiday , we should be debating whether we can not finance the federal government in more creative ways , through taxes on consumption or carbon pollution , for example , rather than a tax on the first $ 110,000 of labor income . These are some major elements of a working program of middle-class relief . They may not do the job . But at least they start the job . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : Obama 's Kansas speech called for middle class revival , which all parties want Frum : A serious plan would address how money is drained off by health care , college costs Incomes must be boosted with creative taxing , he says , less reliance on payroll revenue U.S. should look closely at China 's money manipulation , he says , to reduce outsourcing
CNN  -- Brian Williams is n't just a veteran newsman : He 's also a proud papa . On Wednesday , Williams reported on "  NBC Nightly News " that his daughter , actress Allison Williams , had been cast in the lead role of NBC 's planned live telecast of "  Peter Pan Live . " There had been much speculation about who would play the boy who refused to grow up . The elder Williams said his daughter had long wanted to play Peter Pan , though he was coy about his sourcing . "  Family members confirm she 's been rehearsing for this role since the age of 3 , and they look forward to seeing her fly , " he said as a picture of his daughter as a little girl , dressed in a Peter Pan costume , was shown on the screen . "  Peter Pan Live ! " is based on the 1954 Broadway musical . Allison Williams is a classically trained singer and co-stars on the HBO series "  Girls . " For "  Peter Pan , " she joins actor Christopher Walken , who has been cast as Captain Hook .	The veteran newsman reported on his daughter He announced her "  Peter Pan " role on "  NBC Nightly News " Allison Williams co-stars on "  Girls "
CNN  -- The Brazilian military said late Friday it is calling off the search for bodies of passengers and crew from the Air France plane that crashed into the Atlantic earlier this month . Wreckage from Flight 447 spotted by search teams in the Atlantic last week . It was unlikely that any more bodies would be found , the military said . So far , search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died when Air France Flight 447 plunged into the sea June 1 , according to the military . They have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane , along with luggage , the military said . The bodies were handed to Brazilian authorities for identification while the debris and luggage were given to French aviation investigators , the military said . In the 26 days of the search operation , the Brazilian air force used 12 planes along with aircraft from France , the United States and Spain , the military said . The Brazilian navy used 11 ships . Ships remain in the search area hundreds of miles northeast of Brazil in an effort to find the flight data recorders , the Brazilian military said . Last week investigators said they were running out of time to find the recorders which could prove crucial to working out what caused the disaster . Officials remain in the dark about what caused the airliner to plunge into the sea off the coast of Brazil . The wreckage is believed to be about 15,000 feet  4,500 meters  deep , amid underwater mountains and mixed in with tons of sea trash . A French submarine and other vessels are searching for black boxes by attempting to trace their locator beacons , which send out acoustic pulses , or "  pings , " to searchers . The U.S. Navy has contributed two high-tech acoustic devices -- known as towed pinger locators -- which have been attached to French tug boats and can search to a maximum depth of 20,000 ft  6,100 meters  . The firm which makes the recorders , Honeywell Aerospace , has told CNN it has a 100 percent recovery record from air accidents . Honeywell said it was hard to estimate how much battery life the locator beacon on the recorders had , as it depended on the conditions , but it is typically around 30 days . One recorder taped radio transmissions and sounds in the cockpit , such as the pilot 's voices and engine noises . Sounds of interest could be engine noise , stall warnings , landing gear extension and retraction , and other clicks and pops . From these sounds engine revs per minute , system failures , speed and the time at which certain events occurred could often be determined , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Brazilian military : Unlikely that any more bodies would be found Search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died Plane wreckage believed to be on Atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep Investigators still trying to find flight data recorders for crucial information
CNN  -- A Congolese nun working in the Democratic Republic of Congo is making a difference . Sister Angelique Namaika has been recognized for her extraordinary humanitarian work with victims of atrocities committed by members of the Lord 's Resistance Army , the militant group led by African warlord Joseph Kony . The LRA took up arms against the Ugandan gvernment in the 1980s and soon became notorious for killing , kidnapping and brutalizing people throughout central Africa . Its members are known for hacking off the lips and ears of their victims , looting villages and burning huts , and stealing clothes and medicine from the communities they terrorize . Those who survived attacks have been deeply scarred . Namaika , who has received the Nansen Refugee Award United Nations award for her work in the DRC , has helped rebuild the lives of more than 2,000 women and girls caught in the LRA 's web . She has dedicated the award to all the women and children who were abducted by the LRA . Namaika said she was inspired to follow the path of social work as a child when she saw a German nun , Sister Tone , who used to visit her village to help the less fortunate . "  I thought it was worth giving more efforts for the women that had suffered at the hands of the LRA for two to three years , " she told CNN . "  It was very difficult because I had to bring some sort of cure , to relieve them of what they had been through . One of the main goals of providing these trainings was for the women to feel valued within society and be autonomous . " Pope Francis offers blessing The number of people trying to recover from the LRA 's reign of terror is staggering . The group has displaced 2.5 million people in the DRC , Uganda , South Sudan and the Central African Republic over the last 30 years , according to the U.N. , making it the world 's largest and longest-running displacement predicament . Countless families have been destroyed or split apart in this time . Namaika told CNN : "  Some women did not directly witness the atrocities performed by the LRA , but they saw them through their children whom they counted on . This one woman had three of her children taken from her , two boys and a girl , one of the boys was killed in the jungle , the other had both his arms amputated , and the girl had a sexually transmitted disease . And this woman carries this pain in her heart . " Namaika recently met with Pope Francis and sought blessing for the victims of the LRA . Just before the meeting she said : "  I am going to ask him for a special blessing for us and for me , for me to continue to have the courage I need to fulfil my mission to help women to find their lives again . " ' Working in the north-eastern Congolese town of Dungu , Namaika said she has worked with women who were captured by LRA rebels when they were as young as 11 or 12 . "  For me , the impact on the country is what they have done in the hearts of thousands of Congolese children . He kidnapped children , who represent the future of the country . It is as if they destroyed the future of the country . " "  They still spread fear throughout the local villages , and no matter what anyone thinks , even if someone feels safe , Kony could come out with his group very unexpectedly . People are still very afraid of going through what they went through . " After years hiding in the jungle , the number of LRA fighters is thought to be down to a handful , and the U.N. report says there 's been a drop in the frequency of attacks against civilians . It is good news , but as Namaika knows , the healing will go on for years to come .	Sister Angelique Namaika recognized by U.N. for work with LRA victims LRA members known for brutal treatment of its victims in terror attacks LRA has displaced 2.5 million people over past 30 years , according to U.N. Namaika on LRA : "  It is as if they destroyed the future of the country "
CNN  -- Robert Plant has called reports of a Led Zeppelin tour "  rubbish , " and now Richard Branson is doing the same . On his blog Wednesday , the Virgin Group founder said he 's "  dazed and confused " by rumors that he offered an $ 800 million  Â # 500 million  contract to see Led Zeppelin re-form for a reunion tour . "  As much as I love the band , there is absolutely no truth to the story , " Branson said . And despite what you may have heard , Virgin Atlantic is n't going to rename a plane "  and include a stairway to heaven " in Led Zeppelin 's honor , Branson added . "  However nice an idea , this is also completely untrue . " The report that Branson was involved in a Led Zeppelin reunion appeared in The Daily Mirror this week and claimed that Branson was eager to cart the band around in one of his jets as part of a tour that would hit London , Berlin and New Jersey . It was said that Led Zeppelin 's Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones were all in for the deal along with Jason Bonham , the son of the band 's late drummer , John Bonham . The holdout , the Daily Mirror reported , was lead singer Robert Plant . "  Jimmy , John and Jason signed up immediately , " a source told the paper . "  It was a no-brainer for them but Robert asked for 48 hours to think about it . When he said no and ripped up the paperwork he had been given , there was an enormous sense of shock . There is no way they can go ahead without him . " "  Rubbish , " was Plant 's publicist 's response to the story , which appears to have been removed from The Daily Mirror 's website . Branson is taking it a step further . Not only is it untrue , he says in his blog post , but it diminishes the band members ' current careers . "  Making up this story is very disrespectful to how wonderful  Robert Plant 's  solo career with the Sensational Space Shifters is going , " Branson said . "  He is setting out on a sold out tour today and they released a brilliant album last year . ... Robert told me he is very proud of his history and the band 's past , and has always had great respect and love for his work throughout his career . However , he really believes he must move on with his life and career today . " Legends like Led Zeppelin are once-in-a-lifetime creators , but that does n't mean they should be restricted to simply rehashing their old stuff ; Page and Jones also have their own projects in the works , Branson pointed out . "  I 'm proud of how so many artists from my generation , whether it is Led Zeppelin , Mike Oldfield or Peter Gabriel , are still being so creative and inventive , " Branson said . "  As Robert told me : ` Look Richard , I just do things because I love them and I want to do more new things that I love . ' I could n't agree more . " CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Richard Branson says reports of his financing a Led Zeppelin reunion are false The Virgin chairman was said to have offered an $ 800 million contract for a reunion Branson says that making up the story is disrespectful to the band members ' careers
CNN  -- Thirty minutes into the movie "  Miami Connection " the audience sees a classic '80s montage scene , except there 's something a bit off . The film 's heroes , a group of five University of Central Florida students who are martial-arts experts  and orphans  , hit up the beach for some much needed fun in the sun .  They 're in a band called Dragon Sound , which serves as a vehicle for their tae kwon do-inspired songs  . As the band members drive along the shore , they catcall out to women with painful lines such as "  they do n't make buns like those down at the bakery , " trying to pick them up using phony French accents . The dialogue hardly matches up with the characters ' mouth movements , and the scene ends with two characters making out in the tide , waves crashing down around them . In the context of the film , nothing about this scene really drives the plot , furthers the character development or makes much sense at all . Which is exactly why some fans consider it great . But the term "  great " is relative . Originally made in 1987 , "  Miami Connection " was rediscovered in June 2009 when Zack Carlson , a programmer at the Alamo Drafthouse Cinema in Austin , Texas , came across it on eBay and made a blind bid on it . He won it for a mere $ 50 , having no idea he was the first step in the film 's unlikely comeback . "  We played a reel in the  Alamo Drafthouse  , and the few people that were in the theater went bananas , " Carlson said . "  We instantly scheduled the movie to play during our weekly exploitation series . " Though it 's not always easy to figure out what exactly is going on in "  Miami Connection , " the story follows members of Dragon Sound as they find themselves mixed up with a group of ninjas linked to the bubbling cocaine trade out of Miami . It stars Grandmaster Y.K. Kim , a central Florida martial-arts expert , who was pitched the idea of a feature-length film after director Richard Park saw him in the mid - '80s on the South Korean talk show "  Meet at 11 p.m. " Most of the actors and crew were Kim 's tae kwon do students . With the assistance of funding from Kim and some investors , "  Miami Connection " was filmed in Orlando and Miami . Kim said he had high hopes that his creative work would find a distributor and explode onto the national scene . "  When I finished the movie , I showed this to hundreds of different studios and distribution companies , " Kim said . "  They all said , ` This is trash . Do n't waste your time . ' " Still , Kim pressed on . The film opened in September 1988 , limited to eight theaters in the Orlando area . He continued trying to get major distributors for a national release and even tried to rally Hollywood bigwigs at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival . But the film bombed , and Kim saw his endeavor slip into obscurity  along with the roughly $ 1 million it cost to make  . When Carlson got a hold of it , enough time had passed so that it was received as something wholly different . He screened it around Austin and noticed a huge , positive response . Moviegoers ate up the bad dialogue , laughed at the bad special effects and staged ninja fights , and reveled in a heavy dose of '80s cheese . Carlson pushed the film to Evan Husney , creative director for the Alamo Drafthouse 's distribution arm , Drafthouse Films . In December , Husney called Kim and told him he wanted to rerelease the movie . Thinking it was some sort of cruel joke , Kim hung up several times . Husney courted him for months before the deal to resurrect "  Miami Connection " was made . Now , decades later , thanks in part to the current love of irony and an enduring fascination with all things '80s , the film is enjoying an impressive victory lap . It screened at the New York Asian Film Festival in July and Los Angeles ' Everything Is Festival in August , where the reaction was largely the same as Carlson witnessed when he first discovered it . "  What I 'd like to think is that people really get enthusiastic about the sincerity in the movie , " Carlson said . "  They initially get pulled in by the irony , the '80s fashion , but what 's underneath it is very entertaining . People respond to many different things , but they start to like the characters . " "  Miami Connection " is seeing the national rollout in theaters that Kim had always hoped would happen . DVDs , Blu-rays and soundtracks are available -- even vinyl singles for those wanting to keep things fittingly retro . Kim is going to a handful of showings and providing a martial-arts demonstration for moviegoers . The experience has taught Carlson that "  bad movies that people respond to are n't actually bad . " "  There 's a sincerity within them that people latch onto , " he said . "  There 's not a lot of technique or talent behind ` Miami Connection . ' But there 's so much initiative and dedication behind it , even if they failed at what they were trying to do . They were really into it and really trying . That 's why people are responding to it now . " "  Miami Connection " opens November 9 in Los Angeles and New York , with a nationwide release in other cities scheduled through December .	"  Miami Connection " follows the adventures of a group of college martial-arts experts The movie bombed in the '80s but was purchased recently on eBay for $ 50 Moviegoers in Texas loved its '80s cheese , and the film is now being rereleased
CNN  The Somali jihadi group Al-Shabaab grabbed headlines at the weekend when it released a video urging Muslims living in the United States , Britain and Canada to launch terrorist attacks against high-profile shopping malls -- including the Mall of America in Minnesota . So , why the threat now ? And how worried should we be ? The answer to the first question is easy . Al-Shabaab is trying to get attention . And it succeeded . Al-Shabaab desperately needed such attention for two reasons . For a start , it has been entirely overshadowed by the violent extremist group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria over the past year . The fact is that ISIS is garnering virtually all of the media coverage of extremists , and as a result is attracting virtually all the recruits and money from the patrons of violent extremism . This has left jihadi groups like al Qaeda , Boko Haram and Al-Shabaab struggling to reclaim some of the spotlight from their new "  rival , " and a call to attack Western shopping malls was a chance to earn some easy headlines while also trying to burnish international credentials that were badly tarnished in 2012 when it suffered a bloody internal purge that killed off some of its most prominent foreign leaders and disheartened former supporters . But Al-Shabaab also had a potential marketing problem on its hands with the release of a new propaganda video , "  The Westgate Siege : Retributive Justice . " That 75-minute long video was an uninspired tirade against the Kenyan government that said nothing the group had not claimed many times before . It was far too long and doomed to be ignored . By tacking on a call in the final minute of the film for Muslims in the West to attack shopping malls -- and then naming specific targets -- the producers guaranteed that their otherwise forgettable video would get global headlines . It was a clever marketing move . Does Al-Shabaab have a legitimate grievance against the three countries it singled out ? Of course , these governments all support the Somali Federal Government and the African Union peacekeeping forces in Somalia , both of which are fighting against Al-Shabaab . The United States , moreover , has launched a number of drone and missile attacks against Al-Shabaab , killing their leader Ahmed Godane in 2014 . Some would view this as justification for Al-Shabaab to "  take the war to the West . " But the reality is that many dozens of countries , from Norway to the United Arab Emirates to China , give robust support to the Somali Federal Government and assist it in the fight against Al-Shabaab . The reason Al-Shabaab singled out these three countries is therefore more venal -- those are the three nations with the highest concentrations of Somali diaspora members . So , how worried should we be if this was mostly a marketing ploy ? Exactly as worried as we were before the video was released . The threat of "  lone wolf " terrorism -- a single individual who is inspired to commit an act of terrorism in the name of a radical cause -- has long been a major homeland security concern . For years , violent extremist groups such as ISIS , al Qaeda of the Arabian Peninsula and Al-Shabaab have been calling on Muslims living in the West to wage jihad against the unbelievers on their home soil . For example , the former leader of AQAP , a U.S.-born cleric named Anwar al-Awlaki , gained notoriety for a cover article in his English - language "  Inspire " magazine entitled "  How to Make a Bomb in Your Mom 's Kitchen . " Likewise , in a 2013 video , Al-Shabaab called on Muslims in the West "  to grab whatever you 've got " to attack non-Muslims . Despite such calls to action , though , the good news is that very few Muslim citizens in the West have paid any attention to these calls to war . Al-Shabaab 's 2013 video failed to inspire any known acts of violence , and its current video will probably meet the same fate . Moreover , the plea to individual "  holy warriors " to launch attacks is an implicit admission that Al-Shabaab lacks the network of operatives to conduct a planned terrorist attack itself . The bad news is that lone wolf attacks are difficult or even impossible for law enforcement to track and prevent . In every country in the world , a small percentage of deeply troubled , angry , and impressionable individuals are susceptible to calls to political violence . Denmark just suffered from a fatal act of terrorism by a lone-wolf attacker with no radical Islamist links but who was seized with uncontrolled anger at Danish society . The 2013 Boston Marathon bombings were allegedly planned and executed by two self-radicalized Chechen brothers . We can and should reduce the threat of homegrown terrorism , but we will never be able to stop it entirely . Vigilance , which Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson called for after the Al-Shabaab threat , is entirely appropriate . But vigilance must not be an excuse for overreaction . After all , an overreaction is exactly what the jihadists are hoping to provoke .	Al-Shabaab has released a video calling for attacks on Western shopping malls Ken Menkhaus : Al-Shabaab is trying to get attention
CNN  -- Throughout his career as a television anchorman , Walter Cronkite had a few memorable run-ins with other powerful figures at CBS News , one of his producers told CNN . Walter Cronkite occasionally butted heads with executives at CBS News , his former producer says . Sanford "  Sandy " Socolow , who worked at CBS News for 32 years , more than four of them as Cronkite 's producer , said Cronkite ran into trouble soon after he took over for Douglas Edwards in the "  CBS Evening News " anchor chair . "  The first night up , he ended the show by saying , I 'm paraphrasing , ` That 's the news . Be sure to check your local newspapers tomorrow to get all the details on the headlines we are delivering to you . ' " That did n't fly . "  The suits -- as we used to call them -- went crazy , " Socolow told CNN , referring to CBS executives . "  From their perspective , Cronkite was sending people to read newspapers instead of watching the news . There was a storm . " CBS News President Richard Salant met with Cronkite , who initially resisted , then agreed to change his sign-off , Socolow said . Watch friends and admirers weigh in on the death of a giant " "  In the absence of anything else , he came up with ` That 's the way it is . ' " But that too ruffled feathers , Socolow said . "  Salant 's attitude was , ` We 're not telling them that 's the way it is . We ca n't do that in 15 minutes , ' which was the length of the show in those days . ` That 's not the way it is . ' " Still , Cronkite persisted and that 's the way it was from then on . Watch what happened the one time Cronkite failed to say it " In 1960 , in an attempt to emulate the success of NBC 's "  Huntley-Brinkley Report , " CBS tried to make Cronkite and fellow broadcast legend Edward R. Murrow co-anchors at the Democratic National Convention in Los Angeles . But "  it just did n't work out , " said Socolow , who was then producing for Cronkite . "  There was n't a particular chemistry there . " Though the two men were cordial , and it was Murrow who had brought Cronkite to CBS , "  they were never drinking buddies , " Socolow said . In 1968 , Cronkite returned from a visit to Vietnam disillusioned with America 's role there . He told Salant what he thought but said he did not want to report his personal opinion on air , Socolow said . Only "  after much haggling " did he agree to do so , and not on the regular newscast but on a 10 p.m. special . "  To say that we are closer to victory today is to believe , in the face of the evidence , the optimists who have been wrong in the past , " Cronkite told his audience . "  To suggest we are on the edge of defeat is to yield to unreasonable pessimism . To say that we are mired in stalemate seems the only realistic , yet unsatisfactory conclusion . ... It is increasingly clear to this reporter that the only rational way out then will be to negotiate , not as victors , but as an honorable people who lived up to their pledge to defend democracy , and did the best they could . " Cronkite 's reluctance to reveal his personal opinions about world events during a newscast was matched by his enthusiasm for keeping newscasts free of the influence of commercial interests . Watch the Cronkite Journalism School dean reflect on his legacy " "  He was a purist , " Socolow said . "  And , a lot of people would say , to a fault , if there can be a fault in such a definition . " For example , he said , around the time of the 1979 Three Mile Island accident , in which a nuclear plant 's core partially melted , the movie "  China Syndrome " was released with a similar theme . "  I was so knocked out to its proximity to the events of the day , I arranged a screening for the entire staff of the ` Evening News , ' " Socolow said . Though Cronkite did not attend , "  the next day , I go into him and say , ` You know this is really uncanny that this movie should be so close to the bone , and it 's just stunning , a stunning coincidence , and I think we could make a story out of it . ' "  He shouted at me , ` I 'm not in the goddamn business of selling movie tickets . ' " Cronkite even disliked promoting pieces that were slated to run in the next day 's newscast , Socolow said . "  His attitude being , ` For God 's sake , we do n't know what tomorrow 's news is going to be . How the hell can we take time away from reporting today 's news by promoting a story for tomorrow ? ' " Watch why Cronkite was "  the most important man " " Cronkite departed from the anchor chair voluntarily , Socolow said . "  He wanted to retire as undefeated champ , and he made his views known . " But Salant , who was also planning to retire shortly , did not want to be the guy who oversaw Cronkite 's exit . "  His ratings on the day he left the ` Evening News ' were bigger than all three network newscasts together today , " Socolow said . "  He had an average rating of 27 million to 29 million viewers . " View images from Cronkite 's career " Salant pleaded with Cronkite to stay so that the decision on how to replace him would fall to someone else . That someone else was Bill Leonard . "  On the first day Leonard was in the saddle , Cronkite said , ` Listen , I want to go out as undefeated champion , ' " Socolow said . At the same time , then-correspondent Dan Rather 's contract was ending and he was being courted by ABC News , Socolow said . "  The idea of losing Cronkite was enough to make people gag , " he said . "  On the other hand , there was the chance they 'd lose Rather . What finally happened is Leonard took the opportunity to sign Rather to a contract that was so rich to keep him out of -LSB- ABC executive -RSB- Roone Arledge 's hands that it had to go up to -LSB- CBS founder and Chairman -RSB- Bill Paley to get an OK on the contract . " But Cronkite 's departure did not go as he had planned , according to his producer . "  The script on his last night said something like , unlike old soldiers who never die , he 'll be back every once in a while on an irregular basis when something strikes his fancy -- a handshake deal he had with Bill Leonard , " Socolow said . "  A very loose deal . " But Leonard left the top job soon after , replaced by Van Gordon Sauter , who -- "  in cahoots , I think you would have to say , with Dan Rather -- decided they did not want Cronkite on the air , for whatever reason . " After he left the anchor chair , Cronkite worked on occasional science and environment pieces on television , but after a few years he rarely appeared on CBS .	Legendary anchorman butted heads with CBS executives , producer says "  That 's the way it is " was born after boss hated Cronkite 's first sign-off Anchor did n't like mixing news with opinion or commercial interests He did n't even want to promote stories coming the next day , producer says
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is proposing to spend $ 53 billion over the next six years to help promote the construction of a national high-speed , intercity passenger rail network , Vice President Joe Biden announced Tuesday . The proposal represents a significant expansion of the $ 10.5 billion already spent on high-speed rail expansion since Obama entered office , including $ 8 billion in the 2009 economic stimulus package . U.S. bullet trains : Coming soon ? White House press secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters potential funding sources for the plan will be outlined in the president 's proposed budget , which is scheduled to be released next week . President Barack Obama said in last month 's State of the Union address that he was setting a goal of giving 80 percent of Americans access to high-speed rail within 25 years . Obama : U.S. infrastructure has "  slipped " The proposed new investment -- including $ 8 billion in the upcoming fiscal year -- would accompany a streamlined application process for cities , states , and private companies seeking federal grants and loans to develop railway capacity . "  There are key places where we can not afford to sacrifice as a nation -- one of which is infrastructure , " Biden said in a written statement . There is a pressing need "  to invest in a modern rail system that will help connect communities , reduce congestion and create quality , skilled manufacturing jobs that can not be outsourced . " Biden , who commuted regularly by train between Washington and his home state of Delaware during a 36-year Senate tenure , has been a prominent advocate for railway travel and , more specifically , Amtrak . A new high-speed rail investment , however , may face a cool reception in the new , more Republican Congress . GOP leaders have called for more spending cuts in the wake of spiraling federal deficits . Cost derails some U.S. bullet trains Obama has also called for more fiscal responsibility , proposing in his State of the Union address a five-year freeze on non-security discretionary spending .	The Obama administration is proposing to spend $ 53 billion more on high-speed rail The investment would be made over the next six years The proposal may face a cool reception among GOP leaders worried about federal spending
CNN  -- It 's a special thing when a childhood idol does indeed turn out to be a real-life hero . Many students and adults responded with courage Wednesday morning when a 16-year-old sophomore allegedly attacked classmates with two knives at a suburban Pittsburgh high school . But only one person managed to stop the horrific ordeal : Sam King . The Franklin Regional Senior High School assistant principal tackled the alleged assailant to the ground to end five gory , terrifying minutes inside his school , said Murrysville , Pennsylvania , police Chief Thomas Seefeld . It was an act of incredible bravery , yes . But not everyone was surprised it was King who did it . "  Mr. King has always been like a storybook hero , ever since we were little , " former student Challon Fisher wrote on Twitter . "  Love that man . " Added Julia Bolkovac , who graduated from the school last year : "  If there was one guy in the school who I thought would do that , it would be him . " ` What Mr. King did is just awesome ' Sam King was n't alone . Three others -- a school security guard , Assistant Principal Joan Mellon and patrolman William "  Buzz " Yakshe , working as the school resource officer -- also played a part in subduing the suspect , identified as Alex Hribal . "  They were all extremely instrumental , " said Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck . "  In coming out  and seeing  chaos in the halls  and the aftermath of  an attack on a number of students , people were rushing by ... Those four individuals showed no lack of courage . " The security guard suffered stab wounds in the melee -- the sole adult injured , in addition to at least 20 students -- just before King who provided the tackle that ended the bloodshed . Heroes in all forms step up during school stabbing While authorities did n't detail King 's role immediately , social media quickly outed him as a hero . "  What Mr. King did is just awesome , " wrote one Franklin Regional alumnus now at Penn State . "  A great man becoming a hero when people needed him most . " Another former Panther described King as her hero since she was 7 . One student lauded him as "  the man of the year . " And another said King was due a simple , but deserved , tribute whenever the school reopened . "  I 'm feeling a standing ovation for Mr. King the next time i see him in lunch , " he tweeted . King known for being ` there for his students ' Many students praising King on Wednesday had known him for years , back to the time he was an elementary school principal . "  He has always had a relationship with each and every student , " said Fisher . " ... Mr. King 's personality is something people look up to , just because of how caring it is . " King graduated , in a sense , to his new job at the high school two years ago , according to Fisher . Bolkovac said that wherever he went , King was looked up to as "  a role model . " "  He was a big guy walking around the school , " she told CNN . "  He made an effort to make everyone feel welcomed . " That 's what Matt DeCesare , a current Franklin Regional Senior High student , thinks as well . Students do n't have anything negative to say about him ; what they will say is that he is "  very agreeable " and always willing to help anyone out . "  He 's really there for the students , " DeCesare said . " ... He is always doing things  in their  best interest . " Never was that more true than Wednesday . Opinion : School stabbing victim 's selfie was perfectly fine CNN 's Ray Sanchez and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	A mass stabbing takes place at Franklin Regional Senior High School outside Pittsburgh Assistant Principal Sam King brings down the suspect , according to police A former student says if anyone would have done that , "  it would be him " King is celebrated on social media as "  a hero " and "  man of the year "
CNN  -- Hannah Brencher never planned on starting a worldwide movement . Her life was n't going as planned so she looked for a way to cope . That 's when she started writing . "  I began leaving love letters all over New York City back in October 2010 , " Brencher writes on her personal website , "  as a way to try to fight off my own loneliness and depression . " She took it even further and went on to write over 400 letters to strangers around the world . Her kind words turned into More Love Letters , an international organization that has sent notes of positivity and encouragement to people in all 50 states and 50 countries . Those deserving of letters are nominated , with friends or family explaining why they 're deserving of an outpouring of support . Writing volunteers read the nominations and respond to those that move them . Brencher described the organization as the "  best accident " that ever happened to her . The letters are as unique as the individuals who write them . A quick glance at the More Love Letters website shows some written on embellished stationary while others are written on plain index cards . The messages written in the letters are meant to touch the heart of the reader . "  Dear Friend , Embrace today . You are amazing , beautiful , loved . Brighten a room with your smile , " states one letter . Another one is more lighthearted . "  I hope today is/was a good hair day and that you felt confident in what you chose to wear . " Whatever the message , these letters make an impact . "  The More Love Letters team  received an e-mail from a girl who had been riding on the subway and she had just found out that her mother had cancer , " Brencher said . "  She actually looked down to the side of her and she noticed that there was a love letter sitting there with all the words of encouragement that she could possibly need . " In fact , in addition to sending letters directly to those who are nominated , More Love Letters encourages recipients to pass their messages on , or leave them for others to find . People find the letters in the strangest places . "  I have heard of everything from in the grocery store to in coffee shops , " Brencher said . "  We 've seen a lot of people start to leave love letters in their favorite books . " Brencher said one book in particular seems to be a popular location to leave love letters : "  The Perks of Being a Wallflower . " After receiving a letter , Betina Foreman said she sees the value in paying it forward . "  People always want to complain , " she said , "  but when somebody does something right , how often does somebody say something ? " As the organization has grown , it has expanded into other ways of sending love . Through its Campus Cursive program , More Love Letters has sent letters to more than 100 college campuses . More Love Letters has also partnered with Cards for Hospitalized Kids . "  We realized that there were a lot of children out there that wanted to write letters and a lot of teachers that wanted to get children involved with the letter-writing process , " Brencher said . "  So we worked with this organization to partner up , to mail love letters to the Miami Children 's Hospital . " Even though it can be tough running an organization , Brencher said she continues to find motivation . "  I 've seen through this organization just how good people are and how wonderful people are and how genuinely people want to serve one another . " To find out how you can start writing letters , visit MoreLoveLetters.com .	Hannah Brencher spent a year writing love letters to strangers Her kind words turned into More Love Letters , which has sent notes to 50 countries Write a letter and share the love at MoreLoveLetters.com
CNN  -- Women stood at the forefront of the Arab Spring , taking to the streets shoulder to shoulder with men in an effort to overturn oppressive old orders . But while their efforts have seen dictators ousted and reforms introduced , the greater rights for women many hoped would emerge from the upheaval have not materialized . Indeed , says Lebanese activist Diala Haidar , the rise of political Islam throughout the region in the wake of the uprising has raised the specter of hard-won gains for women being lost . Haidar and four other women 's rights activists across the region started a campaign , The Uprising of Women in the Arab World , on Facebook in October 2011 , to highlight injustices against women throughout the region . "  The Arab Spring took place under the banner of freedom , dignity and equality , and the three ca n't be established if women are left behind , " said Haidar , 28 , a laboratory supervisor . "  At every stage of history we have been given the excuse , ` It 's not the time to discuss women 's issues -- we are at war , it 's a revolution , ' or whatever . It 's our time to say ` We need our rights , ' " she added . Read more : Going under the knife for a manly mustache The Facebook page has attracted more than 78,000 "  likes " and there is now a website . Two campaigns are currently running : One asks people to submit photos with a message of solidarity with women in the region written in Arabic . The other , launched on United Nations ' International Day for the Elimination of Violence Against Women on November 25 , encourages women to share their stories of violence , abuse and harassment , in an effort to shine a spotlight on such incidents . Dozens of women have given their accounts , with a recurring theme that they have felt unable to speak out or hold the perpetrators to account . "  The revolution wo n't take place in secrecy , it will take place in the light , " said Haidar . "  We have to start sharing our stories and concerns and aspirations publicly . It can prove that these incidents ... are not exceptional cases but part of a whole society that we should work to cure from this violence . " One account of abuse on the website is given by Rahma , a 22-year-old Tunisian woman , who writes of being sexually molested aged nine by a man who she says has never been held accountable . "  In our culture , these issues are taboos and it is better to suppress them for the sake of the family 's ` honor , ' " she writes . "  What an absurd honor . " Haidar says the campaign is trying to challenge patriarchal cultural attitudes surrounding "  honor , " often enshrined in discriminatory legal systems that punish the victims of sexual crimes . "  We have to get rid of the blame that society inflicts upon us when it comes to issues of sexual harassment , rape and domestic violence , " she added . Read more : In Lawrence of Arabia 's footsteps In a recent case highlighting the extent of the problem , a 27-year-old Tunisian woman who was allegedly raped by two policemen after they approached her and her fiance in a car was subsequently charged with indecency , which carries a potential six-month sentence , when she filed a complaint against the officers . The charges were eventually dropped  although the prosecutor has appealed the ruling  , and the woman was offered a state apology , but not before the case attracted large protests and criticism that the woman 's treatment reflected the attitudes of the country 's new Islamist leaders . Earlier this year , international outrage erupted over the plight of a 16-year-old Moroccan girl who committed suicide after a court ordered her to marry her rapist . Read more : My heart is still in Gaza A rise in sexual violence in the form of mob attacks on women on the streets was a pressing issue in post-revolutionary Egypt , said Haidar , as was the concern that women 's equality would not be enshrined in the sharia-influenced draft constitution . Haidar added that the campaign was targeting other issues across the region including the persistence of patriarchal personal status laws , honor killings , female genital mutilation and forced marriages . Fatima Nabil , 16 , from Aden , Yemen , submitted a painting to the campaign . "  I have a friend my age who was forced out of school into marriage , " she told CNN . Her paintings were an attempt to "  express the injustice suffered by women , because they live in darkness and constraint , " she said . But Haidar said it is still "  too early " to say that the Arab Spring has failed women and that could only happen if women allowed it . "  They ca n't betray women as long as we stand up for our rights and take advantage of this moment in history , " she said . "  If we consent to this it will happen , but if we do n't it will never happen . "	Women took to the streets during the Arab Spring demanding greater rights But activists say women 's rights have fallen off the agenda after the uprising The say the success of Islamist parties is further jeopardizing the status of women An online campaign is fighting to keep women 's rights in the spotlight
CNN  -- Jamaican sprint star Usain Bolt has told CNN he can set a new 100 meter world record at the London 2012 Olympic Games -- and could run as fast as 9.4 seconds . Bolt took the 100m gold medal at Beijing 2008 in a world-record time of 9.69 s , before bettering that mark one year later with a stunning 9.58 at the World Championships in Berlin . The 25-year-old , who is also the record-holding world and Olympic champion over 200m , is confident he can become the first man to smash the 9.4 barrier in the British capital in August . "  After my trials leading up to the Olympics , then it depends on where my fitness is , " he said . "  If everything goes well , I can determine , how fast I think I can go . "  Everybody has been talking about this 9.4 all season . If it 's possible , I 'll be the one to run 9.4 seconds . " Bolt was talking to CNN Olympic contributor Linford Christie , a 100m gold medalist at the Barcelona Games in 1992 , after recording 9.76 in Rome on Thursday -- the fastest time this year . Bolt named IAAF male athlete of the year after world championships double The Kingston native 's electric performances and exuberant personality have made him a global celebrity , with his "  lightning bolt " pose now recognized all over the world . "  I think it was God sent , " said Bolt when asked about the iconic stance . "  But it was slightly originated from an archery pose . "  I just copied it and made it my own and it worked . It 's catchy and I 'm like the Michael Jordan of track and field really ! " Bolt 's charisma on the starting blocks sets him apart from previous generations of sprinters , who would take a far more serious approach to race preparations . He revealed how an encounter with U.S. sprinter Justin Gatlin , who served a four-year doping ban between 2006 and 2010 , influenced his approach to racing . "  For me it never happened until Justin Gatlin , " he said . "  I ran once with him in Zagreb , he did something which was really funny to me . "  We were walking back and forward and he actually spat across my lane . And when he did it , I knew he was trying to intimidate me and I found it really funny . "  Today it does n't really bother me . I just go there , enjoy myself and relax . It 's just one of those things where over the years the game has changed . " Bolt suffered a setback at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu , when a false start in the 100m final allowed his compatriot Yohan Blake to claim the gold medal . Human to Hero : Champion Blake bids to steal Bolt 's sprint swag In London , Bolt will once again face competition from Blake as well as longtime rival Tyson Gay of the United States -- the 100m world champion in 2007 . Can Bolt be beaten ? Gay 's golden Olympic goal Despite fierce competition , Bolt insists he will be focused on his own race if he reaches the London 2012 final on August 5 . "  I ca n't really say who 's going to be my main rival but for me the main thing is the seven guys in the lanes beside me , " he said . "  You never know what can happen on the day so I 'm really focused and I 'm not really worried about one thing or one person . " Christie believes Bolt can be challenged at the forthcoming Games , but his rivals with have to be confident if they are to capture his crown . Gold medal formula : Mind over matter ? "  There 's always a challenge , " the Briton told CNN . "  It 's whether they believe enough to challenge him . Does a challenge mean beating him ? That 's tough . " When asked about the biggest threats to Bolt 's dominance , Christie highlighted the American duo of Gay and Gatlin as the men most likely to mount a serious challenge . "  We do n't know what Justin Gatlin is capable of , Tyson Gay has n't competed yet . We also need to wait until after the Jamaican trials . " Christie said the impact Bolt has had on athletics is similar to that of American legend Michael Johnson , a world and Olympic champion over 200m and 400m , while also comparing him to other sporting icons . "  Not meaning it in a horrible way , but he 's one of the freaks in our sport . Michael Johnson came along and everybody thought ` wow . ' "  Muhammad Ali was a freak in his sport , now we 've got Bolt . Every so many years , someone like that comes along . Pele , Maradona , it 's one of those things . "	Usain Bolt tells CNN he can break 100m world record at London 2012 The Jamaican star set the current world record at 2009 world championships Bolt ran the fastest 100m time of the year at a meeting in Rome on Thursday Linford Christie says Tyson Gay and Justin Gatlin could challenge Bolt
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- The leader of the socialist PASOK party in Greece is starting efforts to build a government , his party said , making him the third Greek politician since Sunday to try to do so . PASOK leader Evangelos Venizelos held meetings with the leader of the Democratic Left party , Fotis Kouvelis , in what Venizelos called a "  first step " toward assembling a coalition of pro-European parties . He is scheduled to hold talks with head of the center-right New Democracy party , Antonis Samaras , on Friday . Samaras and another potential coalition partner -- Alexis Tsipras of the leftist Syriza party -- have tried and failed to organize a government already . If no one can pull together a coalition , and no national unity government can be formed by May 17 , Greece must call new elections . Venizelos , who has three days to cobble together a deal , said Sunday 's fragmented results show voters do n't trust "  any party on its own . " But he says he wants Greece to stay in the eurozone , the group of 17 European countries that use a common currency . "  It is a given that we want Greece in the euro , " he said . "  We want something better , not something worse . " Read why Greece will muddle through crisis Greece has been forced to impose punishing austerity measures to get international loans that have kept it from defaulting on debts . The election results were widely seen as a message to politicians to back away from the harsh economic austerity measures . Voters backed parties on the far left and right , withholding support from PASOK and New Democracy , the more moderate parties that made up the coalition that enacted the cuts . Seven parties won seats in parliament in Sunday 's election , but no party captured more than 19 % of the vote . As Tsipras began coalition talks Tuesday , he said PASOK and New Democracy "  do n't have a majority any more to vote for the plundering of the Greek people . " PASOK placed third in the election , behind New Democracy and Syriza . The latest opinion poll , by Marc-Alpha TV , suggests that if new elections are held , Syriza would come out on top , with nearly 24 % of the vote , followed by New Democracy with 17.4 % and PASOK with just under 11 % . A coalition would still need to be formed . Extreme-right party Golden Dawn would take a smaller share of a second vote than on Sunday , the poll suggests , but would still pass the threshold to have lawmakers in parliament . A European Commission spokeswoman said this week that Greece needs time to work through its political process , but she reminded the country 's leaders that they would be expected to abide by the terms of a bailout program meant to avoid a crippling financial meltdown . "  The commission hopes and expects that the future government of Greece will respect the engagements that Greece has entered into , " spokeswoman Pia Ahrenkilde Hansen told reporters . New Democracy ended up with 108 seats in Greece 's 300-seat parliament . Voters also delivered a rebuke to PASOK , leaving it with 41 of the 160 seats it held before Sunday 's vote . Together , the parties fell short of the 50 % necessary to continue their coalition , requiring formation of a new government . Last year , Greece 's debt threatened to force it to drop Europe 's common currency , the euro , prompting the European Central Bank and other lenders to swoop in with emergency funding . In exchange , they demanded that the government slash spending . The resulting measures have led to tax increases and cuts in jobs , wages , pensions and benefits -- and significant public outcry . Read why Greece should n't be allowed to sink The national unemployment rate for January , the latest month for which figures are available , was nearly 22 % , prompting widespread protests and leading some young people to leave the country in search of work . Youth unemployment is even higher than the national average of one in five out of work . For two years , the country 's massive amount of debt has threatened the stability of the eurozone . Greece pushed through a huge debt swap in March to save it from disorderly default and clear the way for it to receive a second bailout from the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund , worth â ‚ ¬ 130 billion  $ 171.5 billion  . The debt restructuring deal gave some breathing space to the eurozone bloc , where fears that Greece might collapse had increased pressure on other debt-laden nations such as Spain and Italy . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Matthew Chance and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Socialist leader Venizelos calls talks a "  first step " toward a coalition Opinion poll suggests the leftist Syriza party would win most votes in a new election Two other politicians say they ca n't get enough backing from other parties to form a coalition If no government is formed by May 17 , Greece has to call new elections
Venice , Italy  CNN  -- Public transport in Venice is like an endless sightseeing tour , and not only for the amount of tourists on the central vaporetto routes . The waterfront architecture is truly spectacular , from Palladian churches to private palazzos . And now during the Biennale contemporary artworks and installations are scattered around the city . Venturing along the waterways leads to some unmissable exhibitions , where art and architecture blend into a beautiful dialogue . Baroque influence Close to the Rialto market on the Canal Grande , an 18th century palazzo is home to Fondazione Prada , where all three floors are open to the public for the first time . During the Biennale it 's hosting a show curated by Germano Celant , one of the leading figures of the 1960s anti-formal art movement Arte Povera . Celant has filled the rooms with a theatrical show . From 16th century musical instruments , clocks and mechanical curiosities to modern installation pieces involving performers , Art or Sound explores both formal and conceptual ideas relating to music . You can witness the craft of historic pieces as well as works by key avant-garde artists from Celant 's previous collaborations , such as John Cage , Nam June Paik , Michelangelo Pistoletto and Jannis Kounellis . Their radical rethinking of art and the abstract condition of sound resonates throughout the exhibition . The unique Venetian Baroque interiors add another level of interest to the show . It 's both raw and historical - unlike any other contemporary art space in the world - with ornaments , carvings and rich details . The Prada Foundation has a contract as a patron to rescue the building and bring the original frescoes and rare , fine materials back to life , "  without trying to modify it through characterless facelifts " , Celant explains . Modernity takes over On the other side of the water , after the Rialto Bridge , there is the Fondaco Marcello , an exhibition space in a 15th century arms storehouse by the water front . Here the Biennale theme of Modernity extends into a scientific narrative , looking at possible ways of existence on the Antarctic continent , a subject in total contrast to the surrounding architectural heritage in Venice . The Antarctic Pavilion , curated by Nadim Samman makes you think of lifestyle and tourism , as well as the ecological and political questions posed by those extreme conditions on the margins of civilization . Further down towards San Marco Square , a giant composition of 1,179 stainless steel bikes has been neatly stacked on the canal side courtyard garden of the Palazzo Cavalli-Franchetti near the Accademia bridge . This art installation , titled "  Forever " by Ai Weiwei is part of the exhibition Genius Loci , brought to Venice by the Lisson Gallery . The show continues inside the 16th century palace building with sculptures and installations by international artists including Tony Cragg , Lee Ufan , Julian Opie and Joana Vasconcelos . Contemporary public art The rest is slightly more modest in scale than Ai Weiwei 's installation , but still spectacular examples of ideas addressed in contemporary public works . There is a sense of play with architecture and space , exploring the parallels between the two disciplines , such as Anish Kapoor 's work which deals with our spatial perceptions . This exhibition suggests that genius loci ` the special spirit ' can be found in the urban space through artworks , materials and forms ; a departure from the modernist obsession with functionality . A short hop on a vaporetto takes you across the lagoon from San Marco to the island of San Giorgio Maggiore , which has become a site for displaying large public installations . This year a geometric sculpture entitled "  The Sky Over Nine Columns " dominates the waterfront square next to Palladio 's famous church . Its surfaces are covered with golden glass mosaics , beautifully reflecting the Venetian sun . The piece by Heinz Mack , who represented Germany at the Arts Biennale in 1970 , was commissioned by the Cini Foundation . Mack is known for monumental installations : "  My sculptures are objects of light in space " Mack said . Behind the church , an exquisitely crafted pavilion has been erected in the garden of the Stanze del Vetro glass museum . The aquarium-like Glass Tea House Mondrian is designed by Japanese artist Hiroshi Sugimoto , best known for his minimalistic photography . Sugimoto 's pavilion is the first in a series of commissions , supported by the Cini Foundation , which follows the model of the Serpentine Pavilion in London . Installed inside a cedar wood fenced garden , the glass pavilion will also be the setting for a traditional tea ceremony , a performance which exemplifies the delicacy in Japanese culture . All these shows run parallel to the Architecture Biennale , overseen by Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas this year . Even if you do n't have time to visit the Giardini and the national pavilions , these events outside the main programme are some fantastic cultural offerings , adding another level of meaning to visiting a city with such rich heritage . Venice Architecture Biennale 2014 : 7.6 - 23.11.2014 © 2012 Grand Tour Magazine . All rights reserved .	Venice comes alive as the Biennale takes over the city If you do n't have time to visit the Giardini or national pavilions , check out the fantastic events outside the main programme Anish Kapoor and Ai Weiwei are among artists exhibiting across Venice
Sydney  CNN  -- Vast flooding covering much of eastern Australia could remain for weeks , as more than 1,200 residents remain out of deluged homes Wednesday . As of late Wednesday night , the Fitzroy River was hovering around 9.2 meters  30 feet  , CNN meteorologist Jennifer Delgado said . "  The river has crested , it appears , and it looks like it is going to be slowly falling as we go through the next several days , " Delgado said . Are you there ? Send us your video and photos via iReport By next week , floodwaters could remain at levels of about 8.5 meters  28 feet  , Delgado said , but flooding could still affect the region for "  several weeks . " The seasonal flooding in the state of Queensland intensified last month after monsoon rains caused rivers to spill over their banks and reach record levels . The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined and now stretch into the state of New South Wales . Images from CNN affiliate Seven Network Australia showed residents traveling down the streets in boats . From the sky , the tops of houses and trees poked out from seas of murky brown water . Snakes whipped about from under the water 's surface . Flooding fueled by cyclone , La Nina Neil Roberts , Queensland minister for police , corrective services and emergency services , said Wednesday that 1,200 to 1,500 people had to be evacuated in parts of Queensland . Roberts said some residents probably ca n't return to their homes for at least another week . He said the recovery could take "  many months , and potentially over a year . " Roberts said the government had an emergency cabinet meeting Wednesday and appointed a major general to lead a recovery task force . The flooding has affected the global transport of commodities such as coal and steel , as rail lines used to move such goods out of Queensland have been destroyed . Forecasters predict even more rain in the coming days . Delgado said 20 centimeters  8 inches  could fall through Thursday . On Tuesday , relief teams continued rushing supplies into the eastern city of Rockhampton . In some of the state 's more rural areas , farmers said they were scrambling to send tons of crops out before waters damaged them and flooding made their transport impossible . Police said 10 people have died as a result of flooding since November 30 -- many of them swept away by swift waters . An airport in Rockhampton , a city of about 75,000 people , closed Sunday and was expected to remain closed for weeks , according to Emergency Management Queensland . At least 200,000 people have been affected by prolonged flooding , police have said . Police have warned residents who have been allowed to return to their homes about placing valuables outside to dry , saying some people could be tempted to take such items . Additional police have been deployed to affected communities . Prime Minister Julia Gillard has urged residents to stay away from the floodwater . On Friday , she toured the devastation and said the flooding in Queensland will cost "  hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars . " Journalist Michael Best contributed to this report .	NEW : A Queensland official says 1,200 to 1,500 people are out of their homes Meteorologist : Flooding could continue for weeks At least 10 people have died in flooding since November 30 The floodwaters cover an area the size of France and Germany combined
Washington  CNN  -- Before Wednesday 's Delaware Senate debate , the bulk of what people knew about Republican candidate Christine O'Donnell came from clips from a talk show from the 1990s . In the month since O'Donnell rocked the political world with her upset win over Rep. Mike Castle in the Republican primary , she 's dominated headlines despite avoiding the national media . Wednesday 's debate , co-moderated by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and longtime Delaware news anchor Nancy Karibjanian , could prove to be make or break for O'Donnell 's Senate bid . She and Democrat Chris Coons are vying to fill the seat held for nearly four decades by now-Vice President Joe Biden The debate gave O'Donnell an opportunity to reintroduce herself to voters , define her views and chip away at the 19-point deficit she must overcome to defeat Coons . It also provided a chance to do the opposite . O'Donnell and Coons focused largely on the economy and national issues during their 90-minute exchange . Updates from Delaware O'Donnell threw rocks at Coons throughout the debate , while he tried to paint her answers as frivolous and unintelligible . "  Coons can can barely contain his disdain for his opponent , " noted Gloria Borger , a senior political analyst for CNN . The debate produced a few humorous moments , such as when Coons said O'Donnell 's well-publicized statements that she dabbled in witchcraft and questioned evolution theory were distractions instead of a substantive campaign issue . "  You 're just jealous that you were n't on Saturday Night Live , " O'Donnell said , referring to the comedy show 's satirical skit about her . "  I 'm dying to see who 's going to play me , " Coons responded with a smile . The debate was tense and O'Donnell was feisty -- until a flub near the end . O'Donnell was tripped up by the same question that caused problems for then-VP candidate Sarah Palin in her interview with Katie Couric about Supreme Court decisions . Asked if she could name a recent Supreme Court case she disagreed with , O'Donnell said , "  can you give me a specific one ? " O'Donnell was unable to provide a case , but said decisions she disagreed with would be posted on her website . While the forum was one of the most anticipated events of the campaign season , not everyone was as captivated . "  Even if I lived in -LSB- Delaware , -RSB- I would n't watch . I already know about this woman to question everything she has done . Her ethics and character leave a lot to be desired , " commented CNN reader Marie MD. . Commenter Laverne planned to tune in for the entertainment . "  Anybody in their right mind will be able to tell right away if she is truly knowledgeable of the topics , " the reader said . Delaware voters had varying impressions of the debate . Bob Ashby said O'Donnell did a good job showing who she really is . "  I think that Christine O'Donnell needed to show that she 's a human being , a real person and that she 's impassioned , that all this other sort of conversation that 's been going on about her is not really accurate . And I think that 's what she attempted to do , and I think she did very well with that , " he said . But voter Lisa Lucas was hardly impressed . "  I find it abundantly disconcerting that we have this much in common with Wasilla , " she said . "  Even if you have some concerns about Chris Coons ' history or his politics or whatever , yet again , we have a polarized election where it 's a black and white thing , because she is so far off the grid . " Another voter , identified by her first name only , said that after watching the debate , she decided she was n't voting for either candidate . "  I just feel that Christine O'Donnell does n't really answer any questions . She goes very circular on things . And I just feel like Chris Coons has been kind of condescending . And it 's just I do n't get a good feeling from either candidate , " Meghan told CNN . Immediate reaction from the blogosphere was also mixed . The Conservative Journal said the debate "  did n't have a clear cut winner as far as who answered better , " but it predicted O'Donnell would benefit most . The blog gave credit to both candidates for substantive answers , but was turned off by Coons ' "  snide retorts . " The left-leaning blog Talking Points Memo said that while O'Donnell may have mastered her talking points , she "  had a tough time this evening with some basic questions about issues she 'd face if she is elected to the Senate . " How do you think she did ? Did O'Donnell win or lose votes based on her performance ?	O'Donnell , Coons face off in first debate O'Donnell has largely avoided the national media She came across as aggressive but stumbled on a question about Supreme Court cases Immediate reaction form the blogosphere was mixed
