CNN  -- The U.S. men 's hockey team lost any dream of an Olympic medal Saturday when Finland crushed them 5-0 in the consolation game for the bronze medal in the Sochi Games . The loss was a major American disappointment in one of the Olympics ' marquee events , especially after the Americans earlier beat the Russians . Finland broke open the scoreless game in the second period , by scoring two successive goals in the opening minutes , embarrassing the Americans , who seemed uninspired . By the third period , the game was a blowout as the U.S. team was unable to find the goal . The Americans appeared Saturday to still be reeling from their loss this week to Canada , 1-0 , which meant that the Americans would be relegated to playing for the bronze medal and the Canadian team advancing to Sunday 's game for the gold . Americans entered the Olympics with high hopes -- and a quest to redeem themselves after their performance in the last Winter Games in Vancouver in 2010 when they lost the gold-medal game to Canada 3-2 in overtime and went home with a silver medal . In the Sochi Games , the U.S. team demonstrated early prowess when they beat the Czech Republic 5-2 and then archrival Russia 3-2 . But the U.S. team then lost to Canada , which will play Sweden on Sunday . And then the Americans were shutout Saturday . The Fins seemed to score at will in the third period , racking up three goals . At least the U.S. women fared better in the Sochi Games . This week they took a silver medal after they lost the gold medal game to Canada in overtime , 3-2 . The Olympics ' hockey game has emerged as a sort of a world championship because many of hockey 's top pros play in the Winter Games for their respective countries . As so , the Finnish team was loaded with National Hockey League talent , as was the American team . The Finnish team featured NHL players such as Anaheim 's Teemu Selanne , Boston 's Tuukka Rask and Dallas ' Kari Lehtonen . The Fins were a formidable team entering the bronze medal game because their two losses came to the two finalists who will be playing in Sunday 's gold medal game -- Canada and Sweden -- and because they knocked Russia out of the Games .	Finland shuts out the Americans by scoring two goals in 2nd period , three in 3rd period The U.S. team seemed to be reeling from an earlier loss to Canada Canada and Sweden will play for the gold
The United States is cutting funding to the U.N. education and science agency UNESCO after the agency voted to accept a Palestinian bid for full membership , the U.S. State Department said Monday . "  Today 's vote by the member states of UNESCO to admit Palestine as member is regrettable , premature and undermines our shared goal of a comprehensive just and lasting peace in the Middle East , " said State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . "  The United States will refrain from making contributions to UNESCO , " she said . The United States was going to make a $ 60 million payment in November , and will now not do so , she said . Some U.S. lawmakers had called on the Obama administration to withhold funding to UNESCO if the measure was approved . How the U.S. decision could be counterproductive The lawmakers cited U.S. law , which states that funds must be denied to any organization granting the Palestine Liberation Organization "  the same standing as member states . " A spokeswoman for the U.S. Mission to UNESCO -- the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization -- said the United States contributes $ 80 million a year . The U.S. contribution comprises 22 % of the agency 's funding in its regular budget , a spokeswoman for UNESCO said . The vote , which required two-thirds approval by UNESCO members , passed with 107 in favor , 14 against , and 52 abstentions . It was the first such vote by a part of the world body . The vote is separate from the Palestinian bid for full membership in the United Nations . Representatives of several countries pointed out that currently that bid is being discussed by members of the U.N. Security Council . Huge applause broke out at the meeting in Paris when the results of the vote were announced . UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova , speaking after the vote , said she is concerned for the financial stability of the organization . "  I believe it is the responsibility of all of us to make sure that UNESCO does not suffer unduly , " she said , specifically citing concerns about losing funding from "  our largest contributor , the United States . " Bokova said the "  admission of a new member state is a mark of respect and confidence . " U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon addressed the concern as well , saying "  we will need to work on practical solutions to preserve UNESCO 's financial resources . " Ban said he had no further comment , although he noted "  the urgency of a negotiated solution of the Middle East peace process . " Susan Rice , the U.N. ambassador to the United Nations , posted on her Twitter account : "  Today 's vote to grant Palestinian membership in UNESCO is no substitute for direct negotiations , but it is deeply damaging to UNESCO . " UNESCO , which is headquartered in Paris , works to promote peace and sustainable development through education , the sciences and culture . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the vote "  is premature and undermines the international community 's shared goal of a comprehensive , just and lasting peace in the Middle East . Today 's vote distracts us from our shared goal of direct negotiations that results in a secure Israel and an independent Palestine living side by side in peace and security . " Palestinian leaders celebrated the vote . "  This is a significant victory and sends a clear message to those who are trying to hold history and deny the rights of Palestinians that there are a majority of nations with conscience who refuse to be intimidated and blackmailed , " said Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization 's Executive Committee , speaking by phone from Ramallah , in the West Bank . "  The ones who voted negatively are isolating themselves along with Israel on the wrong side of justice and the law . And if the U.S. continues to threaten to boycott or withdrawal from organizations that recognizes Palestine it might find itself outside most global institutions with diminishing influence and standing , " she said . Sabri Saidam , adviser to Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas , said , "  This is a historic moment , a moment of jubilation on route to full recognition of Palestinian independence and self-determination , that 's equally a call for reconsideration of positions to those wavering on the Security Council vote . "  It is also a foundation stone for what 's to come at the  Security Council  and other international organizations . Today 's experience is a manifestation of ability of the international community to defy occupation and practically work towards ending it . " The Israeli representative , Nimrod Barkan , addressing the meeting after the vote , called the decision "  a tragedy for UNESCO " and "  a great disservice to international law . " UNESCO has now "  adopted the science fiction version of reality by admitting a nonexistent state to the science organization , " he said . In a statement , Israel 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said , "  This is a unilateral Palestinian maneuver which will bring no change on the ground but further removes the possibility for a peace agreement . This decision will not turn the Palestinian Authority into an actual state yet places unnecessary burdens on the route to renewing negotiations . Israel believes that the correct and only way to make progress in the diplomatic process with the Palestinians is through direct negotiations without preconditions . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu referred to the vote during remarks at the start of the Knesset winter session . "  Instead of sitting around the negotiating table , " Netanyahu said , Palestinian leaders "  have decided to make an alliance with Hamas and are carrying out one-sided endeavors in the U.N. , including today . We will not sit with folded arms against these measures which are hurting Israel and are violating bluntly the most basic obligations the parties took in the peace process , to solve the conflict between us through negotiations . Sadly , during the time we are trying to form a Palestinian state with a peace agreement they are trying to form a state without an agreement . " David Killion , the U.S. permanent representative to UNESCO , said the United States "  can not accept the premature Palestinian admission for membership in a United Nations specialized agency such as UNESCO . " "  Despite the challenges ahead , we pledge to continue our efforts to find ways to support and strengthen the important work of this vital organization , " he said , addressing the UNESCO meeting after the vote . Killion did not say what could happen to U.S. funding for UNESCO . The Pakistani representative called the decision "  momentous . " "  For over six decades , Palestinians have proven to be superb human beings but have regrettably remained without their rights , " she said , adding that "  today this wrong has been righted . " She referred to the longtime Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat as an "  inimitable hero . " The representative from Sri Lanka said that with its vote , UNESCO "  acted precisely as the conscience of the world community . " "  I think that by showing Palestine 's independence is an idea whose time has come and that this has brought recognition in the world community , we have in fact bolstered all the efforts which with respect towards a negotiated peace and towards the recognition that is sought in the Security Council , " he said . Earlier , as the vote was under way , applause broke out after some countries voted in favor of the bid . There was laughter in the room after Israel voted no . In September , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas launched the bid for the United Nations to recognize a Palestinian state . UNESCO is the first agency the Palestinians have sought to join . The Palestinian Authority-run Wafa news agency reported late on Monday that Palestine is preparing to apply for full membership in the World Health Organization . Since Palestinian leaders made the request for membership in UNESCO earlier this month , U.S. lawmakers have urged the agency to reject it . "  Any recognition of Palestine as a Member State would not only jeopardize the hope for a resumption of direct Israeli-Palestinian negotiations , but  it  would endanger the United States ' contribution to UNESCO , " said an October 13 letter signed by members of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations , which appropriates UNESCO 's U.S. funding . Rep. Kay Granger , R-Texas , who chairs the subcommittee , said she will "  advocate for all funding to be cut off . " "  This is consistent with current law , and I will consider additional actions as needed , " she said this month . "  There are consequences for short-cutting the process , not only for the Palestinians , but for our longstanding relationship with the United Nations . " She was referring to a provision of U.S. code which states : "  No funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or any other Act shall be available for the United Nations or any specialized agency thereof which accords the Palestine Liberation Organization the same standing as member states . " Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , chairwoman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , slammed Monday 's vote . In a statement before the State Department announced it was cutting funding , Ros-Lehtinen said , "  Today 's reckless action by UNESCO is anti-Israel and anti-peace . It rewards the Palestinian leadership 's dangerous scheme to bypass negotiations with Israel and seek recognition of a self-declared ` Palestinian state , ' and takes us further from peace in the Middle East . " "  Existing U.S. law mandates that we cut off funding to any U.N. body that approves such a request . The administration must stop trying to find ways not to fully implement this law , and instead cut off funding to UNESCO immediately , " she said . "  And Congress must pass pending U.N. reform legislation to cut off funding to any U.N. entity that grants any upgraded status to ` Palestine . ' Such strong action is the only way to deter other U.N. bodies from following in UNESCO 's footsteps , and to prevent U.S. taxpayer dollars from paying for biased entities at the U.N. "	Report : Palestine will seek full membership in the World Health Organization U.N. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice calls the vote "  deeply damaging to UNESCO " The vote "  further removes the possibility " for a peace deal , Israel says The vote shows most countries "  refuse to be intimidated and blackmailed , " a Palestinian official says
EW.com  -- As J.J. Abrams and company get underway shooting "  Star Wars : Episode VII , " they 're still adding pieces to the cast . One of those pieces could be you . In a very unusual move for the highly secretive film , a walk-on role for a member of the general public has been created and will be raffled off to benefit the charity UNICEF . The filmmaker explains himself in a video from Abu Dhabi â $ " which also offers a glimpse of one of the practical  that is , no digital effects here  alien creatures from that far off galaxy . "  We want to put you in the movie , in Star Wars , " Abrams explains . "  You get to come to London , where we 're shooting the movie mostly at Pinewood Studios ... You 'll get to meet the cast , go behind the scenes , and see the whole moviemaking process . But more than that , we 'll put you in hair , makeup and wardrobe , and you 'll actually get to be in the movie . " To enter , Abrams says to visit Omaze.com 's page dedicated to the Star Wars : Force For Change initiative . The auction will raise money to support UNICEF 's Innovation Labs , which aims to create technological fixes for children in remote or troubled reasons .  Some of their work involves creating portable , solar-powered education kits in places like China , Uganda , and Burundi , mobile phone programs in the Philippines aimed at reuniting children with their families after an emergency , or delivering infant medical information from clinics in Zambia . The walk-on roll wo n't be a budget-buster , available for auction only to the highest bidder . You could land the part for as little as ten bucks . For each $ 10 contribution , donors will be automatically entered â $ " and the contest runs from now until midnight on July 18th . There are other prizes , too . Similar to Kickstarter giveaways , Lucasfilm and Disney are offering assorted gifts at various levels for those who contribute more . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A walk on role is being raffled for charity The money will go to UNICEF Entries start at $ 10
CNN  No , Beck , you 're not a loser . But some people think you should have been . In Sunday night 's biggest surprise , Beck 's downbeat "  Morning Phase " nabbed the Grammy for album of the year -- eclipsing darling-of-the-moment Sam Smith , who collected four Grammys , and pop queen Beyonce , whose latest , self-titled album was a critical and commercial smash . The announcement , by presenter Prince , seemed to stun the audience and even Beck himself . Kanye West briefly crashed the stage in what appeared to be mock protest but then said Beck "  should 've given his award to Beyonce . " Beck later said he expected Beyonce to win . On social media , some younger people were even wondering aloud : Um , who is Beck ? Here 's why the scruffy singer-songwriter 's upset win was so surprising -- and why it was n't : Beck 's record did n't make a big splash Released in February 2014 , "  Morning Phase " got strong reviews but quickly sank off the charts . None of its singles got mainstream radio play . Billboard ranked it as the 60th top-selling album of the year -- behind Mary J. Blige 's Christmas album . While critics praised the record 's melancholy beauty , some saw it as a sequel of sorts to his 2002 album "  Sea Change " and not a groundbreaking artistic statement . But all the Grammy love -- "  Morning Phase " also won best rock album -- has sparked renewed interest in an artist many may have forgotten . According to Spotify , streams of Beck 's music have increased 388 % since the Grammys . He has n't been a commercial force for two decades "  I 'm a loser , baby , so why do n't you kill me ... " Remember that song ? No ? "  Loser " came out in 1994 , when Beyonce was 12 years old and Sam Smith was still in diapers . The song hit the top 10 in the U.S. and was followed in 1996 by a popular album , "  Odelay , " and such modest hits such as "  Where It 's At . " Grammys 2015 : Highs and lows Critics and alternative-music fans have long admired Beck 's talents -- he can play almost any musical instrument -- and his innovative blends of folk , rock , blues , hip-hop and psychedelia . But his cultural relevance seemed to be fading by the late '90s . "  The most complete album of the bunch is ` Morning Phase , ' " wrote Bay Area music critic Jim Harrington in making his Grammy predictions before the ceremony , "  yet it feels 10 to 15 years too late to hand this trophy to Beck . " Beyonce is a global icon in her prime The most-nominated woman in Grammy history , Beyonce is much more than a photogenic pop icon with strong pipes and a famous husband . She makes great music . Released without warning in December 2013 , "  Beyonce " was a bold , personal statement about love , sex and the challenges of a monogamous relationship . It was the No. 2 top-selling record of the year and drew widespread critical acclaim for its dark , intimate themes and accompanying videos . On Metacritic , it has a higher aggregrate rating than Beck 's record . The Grammys often reward strong album sales , and most prognosticators thought Queen B was overdue to claim her first album-of-the-year prize . A win by Smith in this category would not have been a surprise , either . But ... the Grammys have a history of surprises The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences , who vote on the Grammys , are an unpredictable bunch . The academy declines to release a breakdown of its 13,000 voter-eligible members by age , race or gender . But like the group that votes on the Oscars , the Recording Academy is seen by some critics as being old and out of touch with edgier contemporary music , especially when it comes to rap and hip hop . Grammys 2015 : The winners list In 2005 , they snubbed Kanye West 's "  College Dropout " and Green Day 's "  American Idiot " and handed album of the year to "  Genius Loves Company , " a collection of duets between blues legend Ray Charles and other singers . It was a sentimental choice ; Charles had died the previous year . Three years later , they overlooked Kanye again , awarding the top-album prize to aging jazz-pop pioneer Herbie Hancock over West 's "  Graduation " and Amy Winehouse 's "  Back to Black . " So in that context , a Grammy for Beck , 44 , over Beyonce , 33 , and Smith , 22 , is n't a total shock . Why Beck won So how did Beck win ? As Vox 's Kelsey McKinney has noted , it 's probably because his competition split the vote . A fan of pop , soul and R&B could have voted for Beyonce or Smith or Pharrell or even Ed Sheeran . But Beck 's was the only rock record  it 's more folk-rock , really  in the category , giving him a potential edge among the academy 's bloc of voters who grew up on , say , Bob Dylan .	Beck upsets Beyonce to claim the Grammy for best album of the year His "  Morning Phase " was respected but not a commercial smash On social media , younger people were even wondering : Who is Beck ?
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Airport screeners are giving additional scrutiny to remote-controlled toys because terrorists could use them to trigger explosive devices , the Transportation Security Administration said Monday . The TSA suggests travelers place remote-controlled toys in checked luggage . The TSA stopped short of banning the toys in carry-on bags but suggested travelers place them in checked luggage . "  Travelers may encounter additional screening when bringing remote control devices in carry-on baggage , " the TSA said . In addition , anyone carrying such toys , including children , may have to go through secondary screening . The change was not prompted by any specific intelligence , the TSA said . Instead , it was made in response to July 's National Intelligence Estimate , which concluded the United States will face "  a persistent and evolving terrorist threat " in the coming years , and also by generalized threats that noted the use of remote-control toys as detonators . Authorities allege one of two students arrested in South Carolina in August posted a video on YouTube demonstrating how to use a remote-controlled toy to trigger a bomb . The arrested men -- Ahmed Mohamed , 26 , and Youssef Megahed , 21 -- are Egyptian nationals . Mohamed allegedly told authorities he made the videotape about remote bomb detonation to help people in Arab countries fight infidels . In a statement on the TSA 's Web site , Administrator Kip Hawley said , "  We work very closely with law enforcement and intelligence communities about possible methods of attack and it appears that terrorists may have an interest to use these remote-control toys as a means to initiate these devices in a terrorist attack . " Hawley added , "  We want to let passengers know that if they see some different security screening related to remote control devices , they know why we 're doing it . " A TSA spokesman said the agency is publicizing the heightened scrutiny because it wants to be transparent with the public and let terrorists know "  we 're on to them . " E-mail to a friend	TSA : Remote-controlled toys could be used to trigger explosive devices Travelers encouraged to place them in checked luggage Additional screening not prompted by any specific intelligence , agency says
Madrid  CNN  -- A man suspected of being an Islamic terrorist has been arrested by Spanish police in Valencia , the Interior Ministry said Friday . The Moroccan suspect , Mohamed Echaabi , is considered a "  lone wolf " who was planning targeted killings and other attacks in Spain and elsewhere in Europe , the ministry said . Echaabi is considered by police to have a profile similar to that of Mohammed Merah , the self-styled al Qaeda jihadist who authorities said killed seven people in Toulouse , France , in March 2012 . After a 32-hour standoff , Merah was killed by police in his home . Echaabi , arrested Thursday , had been under surveillance for some time , the ministry said in a statement . He was recruited by terrorist networks and educated himself via the Internet , it said . He is alleged to have planned "  to commit terrorist actions against relevant personalities or other objectives in agreement with the doctrine of global jihad , as much in Spain as in other European countries . The ministry said that the man had attempted to acquire firearms and explosives . "  Echaabi underwent a process of radicalization in which he acquired firm , extreme convictions that led him to leave Spain and travel to Gaza in 2011 with the goal of carrying out an action of suicidal character against Israeli interests , " it said . In an effort to hide their radical ideology and blend in with others , such individuals may not follow the precepts of Islam , "  which is why it is common that they wear Western clothes , do n't have beards , drink alcohol , smoke or eat pork -- all with the goal of passing unnoticed and integrating in the society they want to attack . " That formula for carrying out terrorist attacks requires sophisticated intelligence efforts by international police services to uncover and is espoused by al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri , the ministry said . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	NEW : Mohamed Echaabi allegedly had tried to acquire firearms and explosives He was allegedly planning killings in Spain and elsewhere in Europe Echaabi had been under surveillance prior to Thursday 's arrest Echaabi is considered a "  lone wolf "
CNN  -- Entrepreneur and media mogul Jimmy Lai is not afraid of a challenge . He took on Hong Kong media barons to set up his publishing company in 1981 and provoked the wrath of the Chinese government when he spoke out against the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown against pro-democracy protesters . On topics ranging from China to the economic crisis , Jimmy Lai opened up to CNN 's Talk Asia . Despite taking on such formidable opponents , he continues to run a successful publishing company in Hong Kong and Taiwan and remains outspoken defender of a free press and freedom of speech . "  I think when you are not free you do n't have dignity . And to me it 's not a political issue whether you have democracy or what , it 's a moral issue , " he told CNN from his offices in Hong Kong . These days the Chinese Government tend to turn a blind eye to Jimmy Lai , but his criticism of them post Tiananmen -- calling then prime minister Li Peng a "  turtle 's egg "  an unpleasant insult in China  in an editorial -- precipitated his downfall in the clothing business . After the controversy he had to sell his stake in Giordano , the clothing company he set up in 1975 or risk the closure of all his shops in mainland China . It cost him millions in lost business opportunities . He 's suffered other business failures ; a shopping web site set up during the first dot.com boom was one of a number of causalities when the bubble burst . Lai , however , remains philosophical about money . "  I think I 'm a bit different to other people because I 'm actually from a very rich family so I had the riches , I had the sense of it . I was never insecure about money . I was very poor , but I never felt sorry . " Hailing from southern China , Lai 's family was wealthy but marginalized by the communist government . After working as a railway porter boy , Lai dabbled in the black market before being smuggled into Hong Kong when just 12 years old , taking a job as a child laborer and earning just over $ 1 a month . "  You know I was free . I was full of hope . When I saw people in a Rolls Royce , in a Mercedes Benz , there was no envy , there was no jealousy , there was just hope that one day I was the one that will sit there , " he told CNN . "  You know the opportunity is there . You know that it is open for you . That was a wonderful society . You know that if you try hard , you will get it . " Lai 's can-do attitude and the heady free-market environment have proved to be a winning combination . However , Lai insists that freedom to make money is not the only thing that inspires him to run his publishing company . He remains politically aware and often an outspoken critic of China at a time when many try a more diplomatic policy of engagement . "  It 's the dictatorship that rubs me up the wrong way . It 's the freedom that we , the Chinese people , are not allowed to flourish . I think when you are not free you do n't have dignity . And to me it 's not a political issue whether you have democracy or what , it 's a moral issue , " he said . Optimistic , determined , sometimes contrary , Lai is committed to pursuing his business interests in Hong Kong and Taiwan , as both value the freedom of press . He believes Taiwan will be a "  very powerful catalyst that will change China " . "  In China you have a vacuum of moral infrastructure ... It 's just the free market and the government . So if the market fail and the government is dragging down with it , what is hold the whole society up ? " he said . "  I think if China has to make decisions to take measures which are so painful , without the mandate of the people they ca n't do it . That will be the beginning of a new China . China will have to go through a political restructuring . "	Lai is a Hong Kong publishing tycoon and outspoken pro-democracy campaigner Smuggled into Hong Kong , he worked in a factory before setting up clothing chain Lai was forced to sell business after criticism of China 's government He set up publishing company in 1981 , expanded business into Taiwan
A referendum over Catalonia 's future as a part of Spain has been put on hold . Spain 's Constitutional Court on Monday suspended the planned referendum on independence for Spain 's Catalonia region set to happen on November 9 , a court spokeswoman told CNN . The court has suspended the referendum as it consider the grounds of a lawsuit issued by Spain 's federal government that challenged the planned independence vote as "  unconstitutional . " The President of the Catalonia region , Artur Mas , on Saturday had signed a decree setting the date for the vote . Even before the Constitutional Court suspended the plan , the federal government had made it clear that it any such referendum . A legal and political confrontation was expected . The next move is in Catalonia 's hand -- and whether its leaders decide to go ahead with the vote anyway . The holding of Scotland 's independence referendum earlier this month buoyed other separatist movements around the world , despite Scottish voters opting to remain part of the United Kingdom . Mas has said that Catalonia wants to speak , wants to be heard and wants to vote . On September 11 , Catalan national day , hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Barcelona for the third year running demanding a vote on independence be held . But Madrid argues that Catalonia , which represents one fifth of Spain 's economy , already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . And it insists that the Spanish Constitution does not allow any of Spain 's 17 regions to unilaterally break away . Catalonia is a region of northeastern Spain , with Barcelona -- the second-largest city in Spain -- as its capital . A referendum is expected to ask a two-part question : "  Should Catalonia be a state ? " And those who vote yes to that can then go to vote on the second question : "  Should that state be independent ? " Polls indicate that a majority of Catalans want to have a chance to vote but that less than a majority would vote for independence , given the chance .	A top Spanish court suspends Catalonia 's referendum on independence The vote was set this weekend for November 9 The federal government filed a lawsuit calling the vote unconstitutional
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- South Africans mourned the death of their first black president , weeping , singing and gathering near Nelson Mandela 's homes and other landmarks linked to him nationwide . Mandela , 95 , died Thursday in Johannesburg . "  We will always love Madiba for teaching us that it is possible to overcome hatred and anger in order to build a new nation and a new society , " President Jacob Zuma said Friday , referring to the revered statesman by his clan name . In Soweto township , where Mandela lived before he was imprisoned for 27 years , giant posters of his face adorned streets . Residents surrounded his former red brick house on a busy street and sang songs of freedom . On the grass near Mandela 's home in the Johannesburg suburb of Houghton , children spelled out with rocks "  We love you Mandela . " Others wept , lit candles and sang in celebration of a life well lived . Tributes planned A state funeral will be held December 15 in his ancestral hometown of Qunu in the Eastern Cape province . Before the funeral , various events to honor him are planned in major cities . Sunday will be a national day of prayer and reflection , and people will gather in places of worship to pray and meditate , Zuma said . The official memorial service will be held Tuesday in First National Bank Stadium in Johannesburg . And his body will lie in state at the seat of government in Pretoria from Wednesday through next Friday . Zuma announced the death late Thursday in a nationally televised address . "  Our nation has lost its greatest son , our people have lost a father , " he said . "  Although we knew that this day would come , nothing can diminish our sense of a profound and enduring loss . " In recent years , Mandela had battled health issues that included multiple hospitalizations for treatment of a recurring lung infection . Many South Africans did n't get the news until Friday morning . "  I woke up and was shocked when I saw it on television , " said Wilson Mudau , a cabdriver in Johannesburg . "  It 's sad , but what can we do ? Let him rest in peace . It 's time ... Madiba has worked so hard to unite us . " Memorials worldwide Nearly 8,000 miles north of Johannesburg , in Paris , leaders from 53 African countries attending a summit on peace and security observed a minute of silence for him Friday . Memorials popped up from Los Angeles to Chicago , where mourners placed flowers and candles in front of murals bearing his likeness . In Washington , crowds gathered in front of the South African Embassy . In Adelaide , Australia , cricket fans observed a moment of silence . "  I admired Mandela  because  he had not poisoned his heart , " said Leo Udtohan of Bohol , Philippines . "  He learned to forgive despite the horror he experienced while in prison . " At New York City 's Apollo Theater in Harlem , which Mandela visited in 1990 , the marquee lit up in tribute . "  In memory of Nelson Mandela , 1918-2013 , " it said . "  He changed our world . " Man of complexities Mandela helped South Africa break the practice of racial segregation and do away with white minority rule . Imprisoned for nearly three decades for his fight against state-sanctioned racial segregation , he was freed in 1990 and quickly set about working to unite the nation through forgiveness and reconciliation . "  As I walked out the door toward the gate that would lead to my freedom , I knew if I did n't leave my bitterness and hatred behind , I 'd still be in prison , " Mandela said . His rejection of vengeance led him to assume roles that led from freedom fighter to prisoner to a world symbol of the struggle against racial oppression . And , four years after he left prison , he became the nation 's first black president , cementing his place in the consciousness of the nation and the world . "  I 'm just glad he finally found his place of rest , " said Omekongo Dibinga of Washington . "  From the family drama to his health problems , it just seemed like he could never get a break in his later years . Now I hope be can finally rest , but he 'll probably still be watching down on us in frustration . " ` We all knew he 'd leave us ' His recent bouts of illness had prepared many South Africans for Thursday 's announcement . "  We all knew he 'd leave us at some point , " said Tony Karuiru , a Johannesburg resident . "  But we were hoping that he would be with us during the festive season . It 's the holidays , I just wish God would have given him a few more days with us as well . " Thomas Rabodiba said though he expected Mandela 's death , he was having a hard time accepting it . "  At first , when I heard he died , I thought it was the usual rumors we get all the time , " he said . "  After I heard the president 's announcement later that the old man has departed , then I believed that he 's really gone . " His legacy Mandela will be remembered for many things , but his message of forgiveness and reconciliation may resonate the most . "  Mandela 's biggest legacy ... was his remarkable lack of bitterness and the way he did not only talk about reconciliation , but he made reconciliation happen in South Africa , " said F.W. de Klerk , South Africa 's last white president and Mandela 's predecessor . Leaders react Zuma has ordered flags around South Africa to be flown at half-staff until the funeral . The U.S. government and Buckingham Palace also lowered their flags . "  Nelson Mandela achieved more than could be expected of any man , " President Barack Obama said Thursday . "  We have lost one of the most influential , courageous , and profoundly good human beings that any of us will share time with on this Earth . He no longer belongs to us -- he belongs to the ages . " In recent years , plans for a fitting farewell were hammered out among the government , the military and his family . Events over the next 10 days will culminate in a state funeral to be broadcast worldwide and a private farewell for those closest to him . CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from South Africa , and Faith Karimi and Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Mandela dies at age 95 Children spell out "  We love you Mandela " with rocks near his home "  It 's sad , but what can we do ? " one resident asks . "  Let him rest in peace . " A state funeral will be held December 15
Istanbul  CNN  -- A growing number of Syria 's Middle Eastern neighbors , including its closest allies Iran and Hezbollah , are calling on the embattled and defiant Damascus regime to implement reforms . The chorus of foreign criticism and concern comes as opposition demonstrators inside Syria have begun for the first time making public appeals for foreign "  protection . " In an amateur video believed to have been filmed over the weekend in the southern town of Horan , a crowd of dozens of young Syrians clapped and chanted "  the people demand international protection . " In another video , also posted on YouTube this weekend , activsts held up printed signs saying "  we need international protection , " in English and Arabic . This is a dramatic departure from the position demonstrators staked out during more than five months of protests against the government of Syrian president Bashar al - Assad . Previously , activists rejected the possibility of any foreign military intervention similar to the NATO bombing campaign of Libya . But inside Syria , there are signs that the opposition movement has grown frustrated with the high death toll resulting from a brutal government crackdown . According to the United Nations , more than 2200 people have been killed during the uprising , in addition to mass arrests and allegations of torture by Syrian security forces . In the video recorded in Horan , some Syrians held up signs saying "  Yes to Arab deterrent Forces . " Activists tell CNN , on condition of anonymity to protect from persecution , there is more debate in opposition circles about new measures ranging from requesting a foreign military "  no fly zone " over Syria to trying to arm protesters with weapons . "  In an unprecedented move over the past several days , Syrians in Syria and abroad have been calling for Syrians to take up arms , or for international military intervention , " announced a prominent Syrian opposition group , the Local Coordination Committees in Syria , in an e-mailed statement on Monday . "  While we understand the motivation to take up arms or call for military intervention , we specifically reject this position as we find it unacceptable politically , nationally , and ethically , " the Committees went on to say , arguing that militarization would "  erode the morale superiority " of the Syrian revolution . As frustrated protesters contemplate alternative options , Turkey and the Arab league have stepped up their criticism of the al-Assad regime . Turkish president Abdullah Gul blasted his Syrian counterpart in remarks that were televised on Sunday , saying that Ankara had "  lost confidence " in its former ally and trading partner . "  We have reached a point where anything would be too little , too late . We have lost our confidence , " Gul said . He noted that according to Turkish intelligence reports , at least 17 people had been killed in a single day last Thursday . "  There is no place for totalitarian regimes and one party governments . Clearly , the leaders of these countries will take the initiative or they will be changed by force , " Gul added . Those sentiments have been echoed in recent days by Turkey 's foreign minister as well as by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan , who suggested that if al-Assad continued his current policy , he would go the way of the dictators who have been overthrown in Tunisia , Egypt and Libya . On Saturday , the Arab League publicly called for restraint and an end to the violence in Syria , while also requesting the group 's secretary general depart on an urgent mission to Damascus . Syria 's ambassador to the League rejected criticism of the Syrian armed forces . According to SANA , Syria 's state news agency , Ambassador Youssef Ahmad repeated the government 's claim that the protesters were "  armed terrorist groups " that were "  receiving foreign aid . " Ahmad also insisted that Syria had embarked on a reform process to meet the demands of its citizens . On Sunday , for example , al-Assad announced the creation of a new media law which promised to respect freedom of expression and defend journalists ' right to "  analyze and comment on information . " But even al-Assad 's closest allies , Iran and the Lebanese shi'ite movement Hezbullah have suggested Damascus needs to do more to meet the demands of the protest movement . In comments published by the semi-official Iranian Student News Agency on Saturday , The Iranian foreign minister repeated Tehran 's unwavering support for Damascus , while also urging the Syrian government to be more cautious and patient In its dealings with the citizenry . Meanwhile , Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah applauded Syria 's support for anti-Israeli resistance movements in Lebanon and the occupied Palestinian Territories . But in a statement published by Hezbollah 's Al Manar TV , Nasrallah also appealed for calm in Syria , and warned that "  international pressure " was delaying much-needed reforms . "  The most important thing is the fact that the Turks , the Iranians and Hezbollah as well as the Arab League are sending a really strong signal that things are very serious in Syria and on the edge of falling apart , " said Rami Khouri , a widely-read Lebanese columnist and director of the Issam Fares Institute at the American University of Beirut . "  The Iranians and Hezbollah are looking at Bashar al-Assad 's choices thus far and drawing the same conclusion we are : this guy 's panicking and his decisions indicate incompetence and also moodiness which is a hallmark of Assad 's reign , " said Andrew Tabler , author of the soon-to-be-published "  In the Lion 's Den : An Eyewitness Account of Washington 's Battle with Syria . " "  Their interaction with Assad is probably the same as ours , its paradoxical . He promises not to use live fire and then uses live fire . " "  They -LSB- Iran and Hezbollah -RSB- are the two closest allies of Syria , " Khouri added . "  It 's an important message of support and also a warning . A warning that if things keep going bad its going to be bad for everyone . " Even Russia , a long-time supplier of weapons to the Damascus regime , appears to be worried . A high-ranking Russian diplomat delivered a letter from Russian President Dmitry Medvedev to al-Assad on Monday , the Kremlin announced on its web-site . The Russian envoys appealed for an immediate end to violence from all sides in Syria , while also urging the Syrian government to immediately begin concrete moves towards implementing reforms . Despite the Syrian president 's repeated promises to end single-party rule and lift the four-decade long state of emergency in his country , there were widespread reports that the Syrian military was continuing its deadly crackdown on opposition activists . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported at least five people were killed and more than 60 wounded when Syrian troops stormed the town of Sarmin in the northwest of the country on Monday . CNN 's Joe Sterling in Atlanta , Maxim Tkachenko in Moscow , and Nada Husseini in Beirut contributed to this report	Syria 's closest allies are showing concern Turkey says it has "  lost confidence " in the Syrian government "  We have reached a point where anything would be too little , too late , " Turkish president says Expert says al-Assad 's "  decisions indicate incompetence and also moodiness "
CNN  -- Over the past weekend , Gov. Jerry Brown of California took to the safety of YouTube to reveal that the Golden State 's budget deficit is now $ 15.7 billion , far greater than the original $ 9.2 billion estimate in January . California state taxes , already some of the highest in the nation , brought in an anemic 20 % less revenue than expected in April , causing California 's deficit to nearly double in only four months . On Monday , Brown released a revised budget plan . California Dreamin ' it may be better known as . Brown 's budget calls for new spending cuts , to which state workers have yet to agree ; even higher taxes , at which voters may balk ; and rosy revenue assumptions , which already came up massively short in April . The new deficit strategy relies heavily on higher taxes : Raising the state sales tax from 7.25 % to 7.5 % and hiking income taxes on those making more than $ 1 million from 10.3 % to 13.3 % , the highest rate of any state . Although he calls his plan a "  millionaire 's tax , " it would also boost rates on incomes starting at $ 250,000 . Brown 's now famous explanation -- "  Anybody who makes $ 250,000 becomes a millionaire very quickly , if you save " -- illustrates well the calamity that is California economics today . If Brown 's plan fails , again , he would institute an automatic $ 5.5 billion cut to public and higher education . California 's children should n't be punished for the mistakes of adults , nor should its residents be forced to choose between tax hikes and education cuts to try and solve their budget problems . California should look to Wisconsin . Gov. Scott Walker closed a large budget hole without raising taxes or cutting education but by going straight to one of the roots of the problem -- public employee unions . Last summer , Walker required union members to contribute 5.8 % of their pay toward pensions and 12.6 % of their health insurance premiums , while also reforming collective bargaining agreements for government workers . At first glance , Walker 's reforms appeared to be political suicide . But as the returns come in , and schools are n't closing , draconian cuts are n't being made and taxes are n't getting higher . Walker 's success leaves his opponents with little ammunition . Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett , Walker 's Democratic opponent in the June recall election , hardly mentions Walker 's union reforms anymore . With Walker opening a lead in recent polls , top Wisconsin Democrats are angry that the Democratic National Committee is unwilling to invest heavily to recall him . Wisconsin recently reported that property tax bills for the median homes fell by 0.4 % in 2011 , the first drop in more 13 years . In January , Baldwin-Woodville School District reported a $ 100,000 budget surplus thanks to Walker 's reforms . And in Kaukauna School District , school officials say the pension and health care reforms will transform their $ 400,000 budget deficit into a $ 1.5 million surplus . In Chief Executive 's annual survey of the Best and Worst States for Business , Wisconsin jumped from 41st place in 2010 to 24th place in 2011 and bumped up to 20th place in 2012 . California , once again ranked dead last , is begging for similar public pension and health reforms . California state teachers are the highest paid teachers in the country , with an average salary of $ 68,000 . The typical pension plan allows them to retire after 30 years with 75 % of their salary intact . It 's no coincidence that the California State Teachers Retirement System has a $ 65 billion unfunded liability . Brown has introduced pension reform , but it 's been shelved for the past six months . Senate leader Darrell Steinberg and Democratic leaders have yet to commit to any increase in retirement age or pension contributions . Until California addresses comprehensive pension reform , the state will continue to sink deeper into debt . Even Democrats in Rhode Island , New Jersey and Illinois are pushing through pension reform . There may eventually be hope for California . But , in the words of Winston Churchill , only after they 've tried everything else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	Gov. Jerry Brown of California faces a budget deficit of nearly $ 16 billion William Bennett : California should look to Wisconsin as role model He says Wisconsin addressed the root of budget problem : public employee unions Bennett : Pension reform is the key to California 's fiscal crisis
Nowshera , Pakistan  CNN  -- The start of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan coincided in Pakistan on Wednesday with the nation 's worst natural disaster , the staggering scope of human suffering revealing itself in wretched ways . From the Swat Valley in the north to Sindh province in the south , as many as 15 million Pakistanis have been affected by torrential monsoon rains that have washed away villages and bloated rivers , authorities said Wednesday . Pakistan 's representative to the United Nations said many people have not yet grasped the massive scale of Pakistan 's suffering and warned it could still get worse because of ongoing rain . "  It is horrendous , " said Abdullah Hussain Haroon . "  It is going to put us back so many years that we 're not even starting on the infrastructure . " The Pakistan Disaster Authority confirmed 1,313 deaths Wednesday . It said 1,588 people have been injured and 352,291 people have been rescued . More than 722,000 houses have been damaged . Many Pakistanis now face severe food shortages , and aid agencies stepped up appeals for global assistance . The United Nations launched a flash appeal for $ 460 million in humanitarian assistance , and the United States pledged another $ 20 million on top of the $ 35 million already pledged . The Pakistani military has 55 helicopters and 621 boats taking part in aid and rescue efforts . For many parts of southern Pakistan , the worst is yet to come . The Indus River is expected to crest Thursday in parts of Sindh , according to the Pakistani Meteorological Department . And Pakistanis will be forced to endure the consequences of damaged infrastructure and crops lost to flooding for months . Nowshera 's Khushal Pur market , once a vibrant place of 250 food stalls , stood covered in thick , foul-smelling sludge as tractors worked to remove the mud and debris . Among the muck were tons of rotting produce that shop keepers abandoned when they fled the flooding . Juma Gul surveyed the damage . His vegetable stall has been a family business for two decades . He said he has lost more than $ 1,000 in business , a huge amount in this town in northwestern Pakistan , where the CIA World Factbook estimated the average annual income at $ 2,600 . Gul , who set up a temporary stall on the road , said prices of fresh produce , including tomatoes and cucumbers , have doubled . That made customer Niaz Ali anxious . He has already lost work and money is tight , but with the cost of food soaring , he said he and his family will simply have to eat less . Market manager Ikram Ullah said it would be particularly difficult during the month of Ramadan , when Muslims abstain from food and water during the day and break their fast with a feast at sunset . The back-breaking clean-up tasks will be hard , too , because of Ramadan fasting . The economic impact of the disaster is sure to be felt for a long time with crops sitting in soggy fields . "  The crop has been lost and it is a race against time to ensure the next sowing season can be met , " said United Nations special envoy Jean-Maurice Ripert . John Holmes , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs , said the disaster is "  one of the most challenging that any country has faced in recent years . " Although the death toll is lower , the 14 million people affected are more than those affected in the 2005 Pakistan earthquakes , the 2004 Indonesia tsunami and the January earthquake in Haiti combined . "  The death toll has so far been relatively low compared to other major natural disasters , but the numbers affected are extraordinarily high , " Holmes said . "  If we do n't act fast enough , many more people could die of diseases and food shortages . " Holmes said thousands of villages and at least 288,000 homes have been destroyed . "  Six thousand villages wiped out the face of the earth , " Haroon said . "  From 5,000 to 50,000 per village , we have no way of counting . We have nothing operational as to how many of those have died and how many are alive . " Huge swaths of Pakistan remain without power , clean water or communication . Bridges and roads have been destroyed , and many regions are accessible only by air or water transport . Millions of hectares of crops have been washed away in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province  KPK  , Punjab and Sindh , and seed stocks have been destroyed , "  severely compromising the possibility to plant staple food crops in September for hundreds of thousands of farmers , " Holmes said . The floods , which started in Pakistan 's northern regions , are traveling through the southern province of Sindh . "  Millions more are expected to suffer from the combined impact of continuing torrential rains and unprecedented water levels in the rivers , " Holmes said . "  The monsoon could last for at least another month , worsening the flooding we have seen so far . " The money will enable U.N. organizations , international partners and NGOs to partner with the Pakistani government to address emergency needs of flood-affected families , Holmes says . The agencies will provide food , drinking water , tents and supplies in the seven hardest-hit areas : Balochistan , Punjab , the Federally Administered Tribal Area , Gilgit Baltistan , KPK , Pakistan-Administered Kashmir and Sindh . The U.N. reports $ 99.5 million has been pledged , and donors have committed or contributed $ 47.8 million to the U.N. emergency response in Pakistan , but $ 300 million more is needed . Individual countries have also gotten involved . U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates on Wednesday authorized 19 Marine and Navy heavy-lift helicopters to Pakistan to relieve six U.S. Army helicopters that have been taking part in flood relief since Saturday . The new group of helicopters will come from units on board the USS Peleliu which has been off the coast of western Pakistan in recent days in anticipation of orders to assist . Gates said the USS Kearsarge -- another helicopter landing ship -- is headed to Pakistan to relieve the Peleliu . Gates said the Pakistanis will decide the speed of distribution . "  We want to be as helpful as we can be , " he said . "  We do n't want to overstretch the capacity of the Pakistanis to absorb the help . " Also Wednesday , Germany said it was increasing aid for flood victims to about $ 12.8 million . In total , about $ 600 million in aid is heading to Pakistan -- the equivalent of about $ 40 for each of the nation 's 15 million residents . Islamic militants , however , called on the Pakistani government to reject any aid provided by the United States for flood relief . "  For the sake of God , do n't accept donations from the U.S. because they are our enemies , " said Azem Tariq , spokesman for the Taliban in Pakistan . "  Whatever amount the U.S. will give as donation , we will give the government of Pakistan more . " Many Pakistanis have not been happy with the government 's response to the floods , calling it slow and ineffective . The Taliban 's offer of aid may be an attempt to win the hearts and minds of flood victims . Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has taken much of the heat . He was in England for talks with British Prime Minister David Cameron during the worst of the crisis . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Dan Rivers , Samson Desta , Brooke Elliott and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	The death toll now tops 1,313 , Pakistani authorities say The U.N. launches a flash appeal for $ 460 million in aid Pakistanis face soaring food costs and long-term shortages The Taliban tell people to reject U.S. aid
London , England  CNN  -- There are many off-field aspects to the modern-day World Cup which makes the experience complete for soccer-crazy fans ; from the unveiling of a tournament mascot to themed merchandise such as computer games and event specific kits for the teams taking part . Another crucial element to this list of tournament treats is the release of the all-important official World Cup football . The 2010 edition of the event , which will kick off in South Africa on June 11 , is no different , with football 's world governing body FIFA commissioning German sport manufacturer Adidas to create the hallowed orb . The ball has been named "  Jabulani " -- a Zulu phrase which means "  to celebrate " -- and uses eleven different colors to represent the eleven players on a team , as well as the eleven official languages and tribes of South Africa . Not since 1986 has the World Cup used a leather ball -- and the "  Jabulani " is far removed from its more simple parent with eight thermally-bonded panels used in its construction . It is thought that demand will be high for the spheres come June , and in anticipation 1,760 a day are being produced using complex processes such as high-frequency forming , vacuuming and thermal bonding , which Adidas says give the product "  ground-breaking " performance . Chelsea and Germany captain Michael Ballack for one seems to be a fan , after he told reporters "  the ball does exactly what I want it to do " on its release . Whether the ball will help Ballack 's side go two better than their third-place finish in 2006 , to pick up their fourth world title , remains to be seen .	The new 2010 World Cup ball is named "  Jabulani " , which means "  to celebrate " in Zulu Adidas rrigorously tested the ball in their specially made wind tunnel in Scheinfeld , Germany World Cup footballs have not been made out of leather since the 1986 edition of the tournament in Mexico
CNN  -- Voters in the Democratic Republic of Congo head to the polls on November 28 to pick a president and parliament in the mineral-rich central African nation . This is Congo 's second election since 1997 , and analysts consider it the nation 's true test of democracy . Congo 's history Congo gained independence from Belgium in 1960 , and soon after Patrice Lumumba was elected the nation 's prime minister . Mobutu Sese Seko seized power in a coup five years later and changed the country 's name to Zaire . Sese Seko was toppled in a 1997 coup led by Laurent Kabila , who renamed it the Democratic Republic of Congo . Soon after Kabila was assassinated in 2001 , his son , Joseph Kabila , assumed power and announced the formation of a U.N.-led transitional government two years later . He won the 2006 election , making this year 's poll the second since the toppling of Sese Seko . The 2006 election overseen by the United Nations was considered a bridge to transition from a dictatorship . Analysts say this year 's election is the true test of democracy . What happened in the last election ? International observers considered the 2006 poll -- the first free election in Congo in about 40 years -- as generally free and fair . There were some clashes between supporters of the two frontrunners , but no major violence was reported . His main rival Jean-Pierre Bemba , who got the second-highest number of votes , disputed the official outcome . What are the expectations for this election ? Kabila is hoping to secure another five-year term as the opposition hopes to persuade voters change is overdue . A series of campaigns have been held nationwide , with some media reports of violence during the period . A U.N. report this month said there has been limited freedom of expression during the campaign period , and urged candidates to respect the constitution and citizens ' rights . International , regional and national observers will be at polling stations together with political parties and religious leaders to monitor the electoral process , according to the U.N. Opposition leaders and analysts have also expressed concern about the make-up of the electoral commission . Why is Congo important ? Congo 's success is vital to the Great Lakes region , which has suffered the effects of the violence in the nation . Violence and rapes are widely reported in eastern Congo , including a holiday season mass rape last year that sent shock waves across the international community . The east remains the epicenter of attacks by anti-government militias . The international community has spent massive amounts of money in an effort to stabilize the vast nation . Despite its rich resources , Congo battles violence and poverty . A decade of conflict between government forces and armed militias left millions dead as a result of the fighting , and hunger and diseases . Millions of others have been displaced , and the international community has decried the use of rape as a weapon in the conflict . Congo is rich in resources , including cobalt , gold , copper and tantalum . The international community has set up laws to ensure that companies buying the resources are not helping fund wars in the nation and neighboring countries . The main candidates Congo has 11 presidential candidates , including the incumbent , according to local media reports . But only a few stand a chance at defeating Kabila , who has maintained an edge amid the divided opposition.Nearly 30 million people are registered to vote , according to the reports . Kabila has been at the helm since 2001 , and his greatest advantage in his incumbency and the divided opposition , according to analysts . Challenger Etienne Tshisekedi is hoping to capitalize on the nation 's desire for political change , but he was a major player during the Sese Seko dictatorship , which might count against him . Kabila 's former aide Vital Kamerhe is also among the contenders . He is largely credited with being instrumental in his 2006 win but broke with Kabila 's party a few years later . Sese Seko 's son , Francois-Joseph Mobutu , is also among the contenders .	This is Congo 's second election since 1997 Incumbent Joseph Kabila is seen as the frontrunner Congo gained independence from Belgium in 1960
Washington  CNN  House Speaker John Boehner said Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is "  innocent until proven guilty " after the U.S. military charged him with desertion and misbehavior before the enemy , but emphasized in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Dana Bash that he was more concerned about the circumstances of his release . Bergdahl 's attorney also released a statement on Wednesday , outlining his defense of the soldier and containing a two-page letter from Bergdahl describing the torture he endured , which included months spent chained to a bed and further years spent chained on all fours or locked in a cage . Shortly after the charges were announced , Bergdahl 's attorneys released a lengthy statement that includes a letter sent to Milley earlier this month outlining their defense of the soldier . "  In light of the nearly five years of harsh captivity Sgt. Bergdahl endured , the purpose of his leaving his unit , and his behavior while a prisoner , it would be unduly harsh to impose on him the lifetime stigma of a court-martial conviction or an other than honorable discharge and to deny him veterans benefits , " attorney Eugene R. Fidell writes in the letter . The statement includes a two-page accounting from Bergdahl of his time in captivity , in which he recounts months spent chained to a bed , then further years spent chained on all fours or locked in a cage . Read the statement and Bergdahl 's letter Bergdahl said for years his body and health declined due to malnourishment , and sores on his wrists and ankles from the shackles grew infected . "  My body started a steady decline in constant internal sickness that would last through the final year , " he said . Bergdahl was frequently beaten , at times with copper wire or a thick rubber hose , and forced to watch Taliban videos , he said . He had no concept of time , and was repeatedly told he would be killed and would never again see his family . "  I was kept in constant isolation during the entire five years , with little to no understanding of time , through periods of constant darkness , periods of constant light , and periods of completely random flickering of light and absolutely no understanding of anything that was happening beyond the door I was held behind , " he wrote . Bergdahl tried a dozen times to escape , he wrote . In his interview with Bash , Boehner said "  like any American , you 're innocent until proven guilty . " "  And these charges are coming . There will be a trial , " Boehner said in an interview taped Wednesday to air Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " Boehner said the "  more troubling part " of Bergdahl saga is the fact that the U.S. government traded five Taliban fighters for Bergdahl 's release , and that recent reports indicate one has returned to the battlefield . He expressed concerns about other detainees held at the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay , which President Barack Obama is working to close , "  ending up back on the battlefield and threatening Americans here and abroad . " Obama "  violated the law " in failing to alert Congress before the prisoner swap occurred , Boehner added . "  And I still believe that 's the more troubling part of this , " he said . "  We 've made clear in the past that we wo n't negotiate with terrorists , and but yet here we did . " Military officials announced Wednesday afternoon they would charge Bergdahl with one count each of desertion and misbehavior before the enemy . Bergdahl left his post in Afghanistan before being captured and held captive for five years . For that , he faces charges that carry a maximum penalty of life in a military prison , and he could also have to forfeit pay and be stripped of his rank , Army Col. Daniel King said as he announced the charges . Bergdahl faces a military procedure similar to a grand jury that will whether charges are appropriate , King said . Then , he could face court martial proceedings . The decision comes nearly a year after Bergdahl returned to the United States as part of a prisoner exchange and since the Army began a formal investigation into his disappearance from his unit in eastern Afghanistan in June 2009 . The Army concluded its investigation into the circumstances of Bergdahl 's capture in December . Until now , it has been in the hands of Gen. Mark Milley , head of U.S. Army Forces Command , who made the decision to charge Bergdahl . Several U.S. military officials CNN has spoken with suggested privately that the process took longer than expected . Ahead of Wednesday 's announcement , officials said Milley only had a few choices . Though the sense had been that Bergdahl must be held accountable for his actions , there had been little appetite for a lengthy term in military confinement given the five years Bergdahl was held by the Taliban . Now 28 , Bergdahl was taken by the Haqqani terrorist network . But the circumstances of Bergdahl 's departure from his base and how willingly he left have not been clear . King said he could n't offer those details on Wednesday , and that they 're being treated as evidence for the upcoming proceedings against Bergdahl . Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain , R-Arizona , called the charges an "  important step " on Wednesday . "  This is an important step in the military justice process towards determining the accountability of Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , " he said in a statement . "  I am confident that the Department of the Army will continue to ensure this process is conducted with the utmost integrity under the Uniform Code of Military Justice . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , meanwhile , lambasted the "  unevenness " of Obama 's swap of five Taliban prisoners for Bergdahl . "  I would n't have done this trade for a Medal of Honor winner , " he told CNN . "  No military member should expect their country to turn over five Taliban commanders to get their release . Nobody should expect that . It 's not the nature of his service that drives my thinking it 's just the illogical nature of the swap . " Some members of Bergdahl 's platoon have criticized him , labeling Bergdahl a deserter . "  I was pissed off then , and I am even more so now with everything going on , " former Sgt. Matt Vierkant , a member of Bergdahl 's platoon when he went missing on June 30 , 2009 , told CNN last year . "  Bowe Bergdahl deserted during a time of war , and his fellow Americans lost their lives searching for him . " Bergdahl was freed in May when President Barack Obama agreed to swap five Taliban prisoners who had been detained in Guantanamo Bay to secure Bergdahl 's freedom , sending those detainees to Qatar . Obama announced Bergdahl 's release to fanfare in the White House Rose Garden , flanked by the Army sergeant 's parents , Bob and Jani Bergdahl . His hometown of Hailey , Idaho , had planned a parade to celebrate Bergdahl 's homecoming but later canceled that celebration amid security concerns stemming from the unanswered questions surrounding his disappearance and the resulting controversy over his release . After returning to the United States , Bergdahl had been on active duty at an administrative job at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio , Texas . There , the Army assigned Bergdahl a "  sponsor " to help him adjust to life in his new post . Upon returning , Bergdahl refused to meet with his parents -- and months later , Army officials had said he was communicating with them but still had not met them face to face . The five figures the United States exchanged to secure Bergdahl 's release were Khair Ulla Said Wali Khairkhwa , Mullah Mohammad Fazl , Mullah Norullah Nori , Abdul Haq Wasiq and Mohammad Nabi Omari . They were mostly mid - to high-level officials in the Taliban regime and had been detained early in the war in Afghanistan because of their positions within the Taliban , not because of ties to al Qaeda . The detainee swap for Bergdahl has become increasingly controversial in recent weeks after a report published by the office of Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said one of the 17 intelligence agencies operating under its umbrella had judged that a prisoner released in the exchange had since contacted the Taliban . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Alexandra Jaffe contributed to this report .	House Speaker says his problem with Bergdahl case is the way prisoner swap was handled Attorney releases Bergdahl 's account of his time as a prisoner
LifeWire  -- First comes love , then comes marriage -- or at least that 's how the saying used to go . An increasing number of heterosexual couples have been shacking up without plans for a trip down the aisle . Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are raising four children together . Pitt has said the couple wo n't consider marriage until same-sex couples have the right to wed. . According to a 2003 U.S. Census Bureau report on families and living arrangements , 4.6 million U.S. households were occupied by unmarried couples of the opposite sex . That 's up from 2.9 million in 1996 . "  People do n't question , ` Why did you get married ? ' They only ask you , ` Why have n't you gotten married ? ' " points out Marion Willetts , an associate professor of sociology at Illinois State University . "  I think a lot of people feel if you were really serious about your partner and your relationship , then you 'd get married . " But from what Willetts has found with the life partners she 's spoken to , that is simply not true . "  They 're in this for the long haul , " she says . "  This is n't just some convenient thing or trial marriage . They 're just as committed to their relationship as married people . " While Census data does n't identify couples who have sworn off marriage , Willetts has followed this group in a study of 83 couples she 's surveyed over the past few years for her current research , tentatively titled "  Union Quality Comparisons between Heterosexual Licensed Domestic Partners and the Legally Married . " According to her research , it 's not just 20-something social idealists who decline to get married . Willetts has interviewed octogenarians in committed relationships who are not planning to tie the knot . In fact , according to a 2003 AARP survey of 3,500 single Americans aged 40-69 , just eight percent cited finding someone to marry as their reason for dating , while 49 percent said they were looking for someone to talk with or do things with -- in other words , a companion . As the prevalence of unmarried couples rises , more companies and state and local governments are providing a range of domestic partner benefits . Some , like New York state , require that medical benefits be extended to both same-sex and opposite-sex domestic partners , according to the Human Rights Campaign Foundation . Other states , like Illinois extend such benefits only to same-sex partners . Why do some couples opt for long-term companionship instead of legal marriage , like movie actors Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell , who have been together since 1982 ? Alison Hatch , 30 , a part-time instructor and doctoral candidate in sociology at the University of Colorado at Boulder , and Daniel Welch , 31 , an elementary school teacher , cite reasons both social and political . "  We are philosophically opposed to marriage for a few reasons , but mostly because we do not feel as though we can in good conscience enter into an institution that actively discriminates against gay and lesbian couples , " says Hatch , who has lived with Welch for four years . "  It is our belief that it is inherently discriminatory to grant social benefits to some couples and exclude others . " Actor Brad Pitt told Esquire magazine in October 2006 that he and actress Angelina Jolie -- with whom he is raising four children -- have declined to consider marriage until same-sex couples have the right to wed. . Partners choose not to marry for other reasons . Hatch , whose dissertation examined 48 committed heterosexual couples choosing to not pursue legal marriage , has spoken to people who feel marriage is a patriarchal institution . Some are against the intertwining of church and state in marriage . There also are emotional reasons why committed couples choose to stay unwed . "  I think that a lot of people like the kind of organic nature that your relationship takes on when you decide not to marry , " says Julie Bluhm , 31 , a Minneapolis , Minnesota-based clinical social worker and a board member of the Alternatives to Marriage Project , a national nonprofit organization advocating equality for unmarried people . "  It 's almost a deeper appreciation of their relationship and the privacy of it . " Being unmarried was not necessarily an obstacle to parenting for a small group of couples in Willetts ' research . In a study published in the Journal of Marriage and Family in November 2003 , two of 23 couples Willetts surveyed had children biologically related to both partners , though several couples had children biologically related to one partner -- typically the result of a previous marriage . Of the two couples , one pair had been living together for over 15 years and did not encounter any legal issues concerning their children by not being married . Said Willetts , "  They expressed to me that everyone -- including their children 's friends -- had just assumed they were legally married anyway . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Jocelyn Voo is a freelance journalist and relationships editor at the New York Post .	It 's not just 20-something social idealists who decline to get married AARP survey shows many older adults looking primarily for companionship Some couples cite discrimination against gay and lesbian couples as reason
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- For more than two decades , artist Robert Wyland -- simply known as Wyland -- has wowed people with his giant whale murals that cover the walls of city parking decks , high-rises , convention centers and hotels around the world . Arist Wyland in front of his 50th Whaling Wall in Atlanta , Georgia . They are an expression of his love of the sea and all its inhabitants , he says . Wyland , a conservation advocate , believes art can change the way people , kids especially , look at the ocean . "  Art can play a role in the 21st century for conservation of clean water and healthy oceans , " he says . "  There are things we can do everyday to protect water and conserve it . " Wyland is taking his campaign for clean water across the nation . Wyland and his non-profit Wyland Foundation will visit kids at zoos , aquariums and schools showing them how they can help conserve water . Watch Wyland paint a whale shark " "  If we are going to keep the oceans clean we need to think about what we are doing here on land . We need to protect the rivers , the lakes , the ponds , the streams , the estuaries -- it 's all connected . Every drop of water on the planet is connected , " Wyland explained . Along with mural painting with children , Wyland 's Clean Water Challenge tour includes a mobile learning truck where participants can learn about water quality . He hopes to encourage everyone to reduce water waste by 10 million gallons or more over the next year . Wyland and his team kicked off their campaign at the Georgia Aquarium in Atlanta on October 7 . Stops along the East and West coasts as well Chicago , Illinois ; Denver , Colorado ; and Phoenix , Arizona , are planned over the next month . At the Georgia Aquarium , Wyland was surround by children who joined him in painting a mural that will hang inside the aquarium . "  I got to paint a whale shark with kids . That was fun , " he said . "  We have some great artists here in Georgia . " "  Looking fantastic , everyone . Keep painting ! " Wyland shouted enthusiastically . Roxie Stricker , 8 , from Atlanta , Georgia , asked Wyland if she could paint a baby right whale tail right next to his adult right whale tail . "  What a great idea , " Wyland responded . Wyland says that when children paint their favorite animals of the sea , they become more aware and sensitive to those animals ' needs . And it 's this awareness that can make a difference . "  I learned that we should start saving water and stop throwing trash in it , " said Stricker . "  I believe that this art is going to make a difference and these kids are going to change the world , " Wyland said . "  Every drop counts . " Growing up in Detroit , Michigan , Wyland , 51 , was surrounded by lakes but it was the ocean that captured his imagination . "  I was inspired by Jacques Cousteau , " Wyland says . "  He was my hero . " At 14 , he traveled west to visit his aunt in Southern California . "  I jumped into the ocean and I immersed myself in the Pacific for the first time . And as I came up two gray whales were migrating along the coast and spouted right in front of me and that changed my life , " he says . Those two whales became the subject for his first Whaling Wall in 1981 in Laguna Beach , California . Over the past 26 years he has painted 95 Whaling Walls . See some of Wyland 's amazing Whaling Walls " He collects no fee for his murals . Each is a gift to its city . In 1993 , he entered the Guinness Book of World Records for painting the largest mural in the world . Wyland 's "  Planet Ocean " mural wraps around the Long Beach Convention Center , Long Beach , California . The mural , depicting a variety of sea life , is 1,280 feet in diameter and 185 feet high . He will reach his goal of 100 murals in the summer of 2008 in Beijing , China . Wyland , along with student artists , will paint an epic mural that will span nearly 3 miles . The Beijing Olympics will be his inspiration . He 's been selected as the official artist for the U.S. Olympic team . Wyland wo n't be taking any breaks after he completes his 100th Whaling Wall . He plans on tackling 100 over-sized bronze marine-life sculptures for 100 cities around the world . E-mail to a friend	Artist Wyland world famous for his Whaling Walls Wyland wants to teach kids about the importance of clean water Wyland Foundation on a North American campaign to get kids involved Will paint his 100th Whaling Wall in Beijing , China , in the summer of 2008
CNN  -- Serena Williams could have been banned from her home U.S. Open after Sunday 's final outburst , but the three-time champion has escaped with a $ 2,000 fine from the United States Tennis Association . The American , on a two-year probation after a similar attack on a match official at the same tournament in 2009 , verbally lashed out at umpire Eva Asderaki at the start of the second set of her defeat by Australia 's Samantha Stosur on Sunday . The 29-year-old was penalized for "  intentional hindrance " after celebrating winning a point before it was over , and then remonstrated with the Greek official . Tournament officials ruled that Williams ' comments did not constitute a major offense . Has Serena Williams been judged too harshly ? "  U.S. Open Tournament Referee Brian Earley has fined Serena Williams $ 2,000 following the code violation issued for verbal abuse during the women 's singles final . This fine is consistent with similar offenses at Grand Slam events , " the U.S. Tennis Association said in a statement on Monday . "  After independently reviewing the incident which served as the basis for the code violation , and taking into account the level of fine imposed by the U.S. Open referee , the Grand Slam Committee Director has determined that Ms. Williams ' conduct , while verbally abusive , does not rise to the level of a major offense under the Grand Slam Code of Conduct . " Williams earned $ 900,000 for her runner-up finish in New York , with the final taking place on the 10th anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks in the city which left almost 3,000 people dead . Stosur stuns Serena in final She refused to apologize for her outburst in the post-match press conference , but applauded Stosur on winning her first major title . Williams was fined $ 82,500 for her foul-mouthed tirade in the 2009 semifinal defeat by Kim Clijsters , whose bid for a fourth title at Flushing Meadow this year was ended by a pre-tournament stomach injury .	Serena Williams fined $ 2,000 for verbally abusing a match umpire in U.S. Open final American could have been banned due to a suspended punishment from 2009 Tournament officials rule that Williams ' outburst did not amount to a major offense The 29-year-old was beaten by Australia 's Sam Stosur , who won her first grand slam
CNN  -- Days ahead of national elections , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki has announced plans to rehire 20,000 former Iraqi army officers who served under former leader Saddam Hussein . The officers will be reinstated into the new Iraqi army , said an official with the ministry of defense . The move garnered criticism as being a political ploy and was surprising in some circles after al-Maliki 's campaign rhetoric against Hussein 's Baath Party . Several candidates who planned to stand in the upcoming election have been banned by the country 's Accountability and Justice Commission because of evidence of them "  glorifying " the Baath Party . Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said al-Maliki was simply trying to secure more votes . "  This contradicts his anti-Baathist election campaign and it is very obvious that he wants to appeal to voters . " A few weeks after the 2003 invasion of Iraq , top U.S. administrator L. Paul Bremer dissolved Baathist institutions , including the Iraqi army , that were viewed as threats against building a new Iraqi society . The Baath Party was declared illegal and many Sunni Arabs lost their government jobs . As a result , the Sunni Arab community became disenfranchised -- many embraced the rising insurgency and stayed away from the first elections in 2005 . The tensions led to pitched battles between Shiites and Sunni Arabs in the streets of Baghdad and other Iraqi cities . Over the years , the United States has worked to get on the good side of the Sunni Arabs , bring them into the country 's new political culture , and persuade them to accept the new Iraq . In a separate development , a member of an al Qaeda in Iraq cell responsible for several dozen assassinations in and around Baghdad has been arrested , the U.S. military said . Iraqi security forces seized the militant in a rural area about 38 kilometers , or almost 24 miles , southwest of the capital . The cell is believed to have conducted nearly 50 assassinations . The arrest occurred ahead of Iraq 's March 7 national elections , and the military says intelligence reports indicate that the al Qaeda in Iraq fighters "  are increasingly staging politically motivated assassinations " to undermine the Iraqi government and the upcoming polls . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Iraq to hire thousands of former soldiers who worked under Saddam Hussein Move comes days before national elections , seen by some as political ploy After the 2003 invasion of Iraq Baathist institutions were dissolved Many former Baath party members became marginalized and joined the insurgency
Istanbul  CNN  -- Crowds of mourners gathered Sunday to bury a young man in the southeastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir after clashes the previous day between Kurdish protesters and Turkish security forces turned deadly . A member of parliament from a pro-Kurdish political party told CNN at least two people were shot dead in Saturday 's clashes , with at least two more in critical condition . The violence unsettled a peace process between the Turkish government and Kurdish rebels , who have been waging a guerrilla war in the predominantly Kurdish southeast for 30 years . The Diyarbakir governor 's office put the blame for the unrest squarely on what it described as "  attackers , " according to a statement released online Saturday . "  As a result of an armed attack on security forces ensuring security on the Diyarbakir-Bingol road , two attackers were injured . One attacker was airlifted to Dicle University by military helicopter but lost his life despite all efforts , " the governor 's office said . But Sebahat Tuncel , a parliament member from the pro-Kurdish Peoples ' Democratic Party , blamed the deaths on the Turkish government . Tuncel told CNN that locals had been demonstrating for more than two weeks against the construction of new outposts for Turkish security forces near Lice . "  A week ago I was there and what the people there were telling me is ` We do n't believe they  the government  are earnest about the peace process . People who are honest about the peace process would not be building more outposts , ' " said Tuncel , speaking by phone from the funeral of Ramazan Baran . Baran , 24 , died in Saturday 's clashes . For more than a year , the government of Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in negotiations with Abdullah Ocalan , the jailed leader of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . The Turkish state , as well as the United States and the European Union , have long designated the PKK a terrorist organization . The negotiations brought a relative lull to violence that has claimed the lives of more than 30,000 people in southeastern Turkey over the last three decades . The Kurds are Turkey 's largest ethnic minority . They were long the target of discriminatory policies , which banned the use of the Kurdish language and even Kurdish names . Since his party was first elected to power in 2002 , Erdogan has implemented a number of reforms , including creating a Kurdish-language state TV channel , removing the ban on the Kurdish letters "  q , " "  x " and "  w , " and allowing Kurdish-language education in some private schools .	At least two people shot dead in Saturday clashes , lawmaker from pro-Kurdish party says Local governor 's office says "  attackers " responsible for violence But lawmaker from pro-Kurdish party blames Turkish government for deaths Violence unsettles peace process between Turkish government and Kurdish rebels
CNN  China 's foreign ministry has lodged a diplomatic complaint to North Korea after Chinese local media reports said an army deserter killed four people near the China-North Korea border . A North Korean soldier fleeing the country shot four Chinese citizens after a robbery attempt in late December in Helong , a city near the Tumen River that divides the two countries , Chinese local media reported . China 's foreign ministry spokesperson says they have "  lodged representations " with North Korea , briefly acknowledging the incident without giving any further details . "  China 's Public Security Department is now processing the case in accordance with the law , " said Hua Chunying , spokesperson for China 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs in a Monday press conference . South Korean news agency Yonhap cited an anonymous source , saying Chinese authorities have detained the man suspected of the alleged killings . There have been previous reports of runaway North Korean soldiers and citizens attempting robbery in search of food . A restaurant owner who lives in Dandong , another city bordering North Korea , recalled a harrowing incident in early 2013 . "  One night , I heard a dog barking outside , so I got up to check what was going on . In the dim lighting , I saw a man dressed like a North Korean soldier stealing things from my restaurant , " the unnamed owner was quoted in The Global Times . "  I yelled at him and he held up his gun as if he was ready to shoot . I was terrified and ran back to my room . He stole some meat and fled by speedboat . " In most cases , intruding soldiers were after food , and do not have the intention to harm people , making it rare that such violent cases would occur , reported the Chinese state-run newspaper . Thousands of North Koreans have tried to flee the country in hopes to escape the totalitarian regime . However , China has a uniform policy for sending defectors back to North Korea , ruling them as "  illegal economic migrants . " READ MORE : Chinese ` snakehead ' gangs offer only escape for North Korea 's defectors CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	Chinese local media reports said a North Korean army deserter killed four people across the border in China China 's foreign ministry lodges formal complaint to North Korea following reports
He horsey danced his way to the top of the UK music chart -- and U.S. domination may not be far behind . Psy 's viral "  Gangnam Style " hit the top spot Sunday , marking the first time that a Korean singer has climbed the British singles chart . In the United States , Psy remains at number 2 , behind Maroon 5 in the Billboard 100 as of Monday morning . Billboard has a Psy Watch on its website , on whether he 'll reach the top spot . And this weekend , the Filipino inmates of the Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center , famous for their performance of Michael Jackson 's "  Thriller , " gyrated and air lassoed their version of "  Gangnam Style . " The catchy tune that launched what seems like a thousand parodies , has likely replaced Carly Rae Jepsen 's "  Call Me Maybe " as the most lip synched song this year . Psy : My video 's more popular than me ! Last week , "  Gangnam Style " snatched the Guinness World Record for the "  most liked " YouTube video ever . It has over 335 million views and dominates the iTunes store in the United States , United Kingdom , Australia and several European countries . Tributes continue to flood YouTube with performances by the Ohio University 's marching band , a Swedish flash mob and a Korean-American mother primly dancing alongside her son in what 's called "  Mom Gangnam Style . " And yes , even a parody from the North Korean government . Whether you 're sick of "  Gangnam Style " or ca n't get enough of it , Psy seems ubiquitous -- popping up on "  Saturday Night Live " and MTV 's Video Music Awards , and signing with Justin Bieber 's manager . Psy 's song -- about the wannabe style of the affluent neighborhood of Gangnam in Seoul -- has been sliced and diced with theories about what it means about wealth and class in Korea , and questions about whether Psy embodies the stereotypes about Asian masculinity . Psy is a slight departure from the usual Korean pop stars , who are typically svelte , impeccably dressed and very serious about their dance moves . Instead , it 's Psy , a portly man who likes to mimic Lady Gaga and Beyonce performances while wearing sparkly leotards , who broke into the Western pop psyche . "  I think foreigners think I 'm funny , the way Korean people think Austin Powers and Mr. Bean are funny , " he told CNN .	"  Gangnam Style " hits top spot in UK singles chart , first for a Korean singer The song , made famous through Psy 's viral video , is number 2 in Billboard chart Cebu inmates performed version of the song
Bayern Munich joined fellow German side Borussia Dortmund in the final of the European Champions League by completing a crushing 7-0 aggregate win over Barcelona in the Nou Camp Wednesday . Leading 4-0 from the semifinal first leg in the Allianz Arena , Bayern ruthlessly pulled apart a Barcelona side missing their talisman Lionel Messi , who sat out the second leg on the bench . After a goalless first half , a fine Arjen Robben strike , a Gerard Pique own goal and a Thomas Mueller header ended any lingering hopes of a Barca comeback in a 3-0 victory for the visitors . Home coach Tito Vilanova decided against risking his star asset Messi despite him scoring in the weekend win over Athletic Bilbao . Messi injured his hamstring in their quarterfinal tie against Paris St Germain and has been nursing the problem the last few weeks , cutting an often forlorn figure in Munich in the first leg . Without his creative influence , the La Liga champions in waiting were first kept in check then dismantled by a Bayern side reaching their third Champions League final in the past four years . The previous two appearances have seen defeat to Inter Milan in 2010 and Chelsea last year but they will start favorites at Wembley on May 25 against Dortmund . With the Bundesliga title already wrapped up and an appearance in the German Cup final against Stuttgart on June 1 , coach Jupp Heynckes will be looking to sign off as Bayern coach with a treble triumph . Former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola takes over at Bayern next season , doubtless relishing the task on the evidence of their comprehensive defeat of his former charges in the semifinal . Robben came close to breaking the deadlock in the first half , but delayed his shot . When given a second chance just after the break the Dutch international , a former Real Madrid player , cut inside to beat Valdes with a curling shot . Franck Ribery set up the further goals , first bursting clear down the left in the 72nd minute to see his cross turned clumsily into his own net by Pique . Four minutes later a similar run left Mueller to head home at the far post and complete the rout . All the time Messi sat glumly on the bench as the task became hopeless even for his genius . Teammate Pique reflected on one of the worst reverses in the history of a proud club . "  Perhaps it was the bitterest night I have had at Barcelona , " he told Spanish Canal Plus television . "  We tried but they scored a goal very early in the second half and this left us broken . The last 25 minutes were very difficult . " Robben , by contrast , is already looking forward to the final against their arch German rivals . "  To win 4-0 and 3-0 away , especially the 3-0 here , it is amazing , " he told Sky Sports . "  Now we are in the final for the third time in four years and it is time to win this thing now . "	Bayern Munich into Champions League final with 3-0 win over Barcelona Arjen Robben , a Gerard Pique own goal and Thomas Mueller second half scores Aggregate 7-0 win over Barcelona who left injured Lionel Messi on the bench All-Bundesliga final between Bayern and Borussia Dortmund on May 25
CNN  -- Security concerns forced two U.S. passenger flights to be diverted Sunday , but both planes landed safely and eventually flew to their final destinations . A Continental flight bound for Chicago from Houston made an unscheduled stop in St. Louis because of an "  unruly passenger , " a St. Louis airport spokesman said Sunday . The man tried to reach the exit door during the flight , but was stopped by a flight attendant , spokesman Jeff Lea said . The plane landed at St. Louis and the man was taken off the plane for questioning by airport police and federal authories , he said . Continental Flight 546 finally landed in Chicago Sunday afternoon just an hour late . A Delta flight was diverted Sunday after a flight attendant found a suspicious note in a lavatory , an official with the Transportation Security Administration told CNN . The flight from Detroit headed to San Diego was diverted to Albuquerque , New Mexico , the FBI said , adding that it was informed of "  a potential security threat " on the plane . Flight 1706 landed in Albuquerque shortly before 10 a.m.  12 p.m. ET  and agents were on the scene to investigate , the FBI office in Albuquerque said . A spokesman for Albuquerque International Sunport Airport said passengers deplaned and were "  being checked out . " TSA spokeswoman Kristin Lee said the flight landed without incident , and that all passengers deplaned safely . "  Passengers and carry-ons were cleared by a canine team , and the plane was swept with negative findings , " a TSA statement said . CNN 's Stephanie Gallman and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Unruly passenger " forces Continental flight diversion NEW : The Houston to Chicago flight dropped the man off in St. Louis NEW : Police dogs find nothing on diverted Delta flight Flight attendant finds suspicious note in lavatory of Delta flight
CNN  -- Iran unveiled the first long-range military drone manufactured in the country on Sunday , state media reported . The unmanned aerial vehicle is capable of carrying out bombing missions against ground targets and flying long distances at a high speed , Press TV said . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad attended the unveiling of the drone , dubbed the "  Karrar , " in a ceremony marking Iran 's Defense Industry Day . In February , Iran inaugurated the production line for two types of drones with bombing and reconnaissance capabilities , the semiofficial Fars news agency reported . Iran has manufactured its own tanks , armored personnel carriers , missiles and fighter planes since 1992 , according to Press TV . The country successfully tested a radar-evading drone with bombing capabilities in June 2009 , Press TV said . In March 2009 , U.S. military officials said U.S. fighter jets in Iraq shot down an unmanned Iranian spy drone aircraft . At the time , most major state-run media outlets in Iran did not carry news of any incident involving an Iranian drone and Iraq 's national security adviser declined to comment . Unmanned vehicles have become a staple of modern combat . U.S. military officials have said remotely-controlled drones minimize risk and allow troops to spy on and attack enemy combatants . Ahead of the drone 's unveiling , Iran 's defense minister said the country 's military planned to reveal a project of "  great importance " on Sunday , according to state-run Press TV . "  Iran 's defense capability has reached a point which does not need any aid from other countries , " Defense Minister Brig. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said , according to the semiofficial Iranian Students News Agency . It is not clear whether the unveiling of the long-range drone was the announcement he was referring to . Vahidi 's announcement Saturday came as Iran began fueling its first nuclear energy plant in the southern city of Bushehr , the nation 's state media reported . Press TV said the effort will help the country create nuclear-generated electricity . But some Western nations have questioned whether the nuclear fuel will be used solely for electricity , suggesting that Iran would eventually try to enrich uranium on its own , providing material for nuclear weapons . The United States has questioned Iran 's motives in continuing to enrich uranium within its borders . "  Russia is providing the fuel , and taking the fuel back out , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said earlier this month . "  It , quite clearly , I think , underscores that Iran does not need its own enrichment capability if its intentions , as it states , are for a peaceful nuclear program , " he said . Iran has maintained all along that the site will produce energy , but the United States and some other international observers remain unconvinced . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking to Russian reporters in the Black Sea resort of Sochi on Wednesday , brushed off Western concerns about the Bushehr facility , calling it "  the most important anchor holding Iran to the nonproliferation regime , " according to the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti .	State media : The unmanned aircraft can carry out bombing missions Ahmadinejad attends unveiling ceremony Drones have become a staple of modern combat
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean President Park Geun-hye apologized Monday for a damaging scandal involving a spokesman she fired last week over allegations of sexual misconduct in the United States . The former aide , Yoon Chang-jung , is accused of making inappropriate advances toward a female student who was hired as a guide while Yoon was in Washington for Park 's first official visit to the United States last week . "  I am very sorry that an unsavory incident , which a public official should never be involved in , happened near the end of my visit to the U.S. and hugely disappointed the people , " Park said Monday at a meeting with senior officials . It was the first time she has commented publicly on the matter . Her office has n't disclosed details of what Yoon , 56 , is alleged to have done , and Washington police have said only that they are investigating a report of a sexual abuse misdemeanor without specifically mentioning Yoon by name . But South Korean news media have widely reported that Yoon is accused of grabbing the buttocks of the young woman , who has not been identified , after drinking with her . Allegations denied On Saturday , Yoon denied the allegations circulating about him , saying he had patted the woman on the waist once and encouraged her to "  live life to the full in the States and be successful . " "  I swear I did not have any intention of sexually harassing her , and I did not molest her , " Yoon said during a news conference in a Seoul restaurant . "  Now , I deeply regret not properly understanding the American culture , and I offer my sincere word of consolation to the guide , " he said . Yoon also denied allegations in the South Korean press that he had called the woman to his room the morning after the incident and answered the door undressed . He said he had only answered the door in his underwear because he believed it was somebody with an urgent message for him . "  I never imagined my guide would have come , " he said . He apologized to Park , South Korea 's first female president , for the "  trouble " he had caused . State visit overshadowed The scandal has cast a pall over Park 's five-day visit to the United States , her first high-profile trip since her inauguration in February . Before news emerged of Yoon 's dismissal and the allegations against him , the visit had generally been considered a success , with Park and President Barack Obama reaffirming the U.S.-South Korean alliance in the face of recent threats from North Korea . Yoon is alleged to have made the inappropriate advances toward the woman on Tuesday night , hours after Park held talks with Obama . He said his boss , chief presidential press secretary Lee Nam-ki , told him to leave Washington quickly and return to South Korea as soon as the allegations of misconduct began to surface . Yoon said he told Lee he had done nothing wrong and wanted to stay and explain the situation . But he said he followed his supervisor 's order and gone to the airport . Lee made a statement to the media on Thursday in Los Angeles  Friday morning in South Korea  , saying Yoon had been dismissed after he had "  damaged the dignity of the country . " Media uproar By the time Park stepped off the plane that brought her back to South Korea on Friday evening , a media firestorm was raging over the scandal , and opposition parties were demanding a public apology . After earlier apologies by senior members of her staff , Park addressed the matter herself on Monday . She apologized for the "  shock " that she said the student and her parents must have experienced . South Korea "  will take whatever measures are necessary and will actively cooperate with the U.S. investigation , " Park said . Yoon , a former journalist and political columnist , served as spokesman for Park 's transition team before his appointment , according to the semiofficial South Korean news agency Yonhap . Critics had said at the time he was unsuitable for the job as spokesman , claiming his columns were sensational and biased , Yonhap reported . Journalist Soobin Park reported from Seoul , South Korea . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	President Park Geun-hye says she is sorry about an "  unsavory incident " involving an aide The spokesman was fired last week amid allegations of sexual misconduct He denies that he molested a female student in Washington The scandal has overshadowed Park 's first official visit to the United States
CNN  -- The Australian Senate has rejected a bill that would have revived plans to process asylum seekers in offshore detention centers in a highly emotional vote following the sinking of two boats packed with people in one week . Senators voted down the legislation by 39 votes to 29 , after hours of heated debate that saw one politician break down in tears as she described the plight of one 15-year-old boy 's journey from Afghanistan . Soon after the vote , Prime Minister Julia Gillard announced that former defence force chief Angus Houston would lead "  an expert group " to determine the best way forward on asylum seekers , according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . "  I want to be very clear about the role of this expert group , " Gillard said . "  This expert group will receive the facts from Government and beyond . They will be able at their option to receive briefings wherever they want to get those briefings from . They will be able to assemble all of the material to help them form their views . They will be able to consult as they see fit , " the ABC reported . The dilemma of what to do with thousands of asylum seekers who attempt the risky trip by boat to Australia each year has long divided the nation 's political parties , and its people . However , the sinking of two boats in the past week carrying more than 300 people lent the issue urgency ahead of parliament 's long winter break . More than 200 people were pulled from the sea near Christmas Island , north of Australia , after the separate accidents . It 's not clear how many died because authorities do n't have an accurate count of how many people were on board the vessels . Two years ago , Mujtaba Ahmadi made a similar treacherous journey from Indonesia on a fishing boat packed with more than 70 other people seeking a new life in Australia . He was just 15 years old . "  We came direct from Jakarta to Christmas Island . There are a lot of ways , this is the short way but it 's very dangerous , " Ahmadi said . "  There were too many people on the boat . We did n't have any space to sleep . We did n't have enough life jackets . " The teenager left Iran with his family 's blessing ; his father borrowed money from his friends and his mother and sister sold their jewelry to raise $ 11,000 . Some was spent on flights , while half was paid to people smugglers for the 50-hour boat trip . "  I heard that there are a lot of human rights in Australia . That 's why I decided to come to Australia , " he said . "  But then I arrived in a detention center , I thought no , there are no human rights in Australia . " Ahmadi spent two months in detention on Christmas Island before being transferred to a hotel in Darwin , the Asti Motel , which for a time was used as a temporary detention center . He stayed there for eight months before being granted a visa to stay . Now 18 , Ahmadi is learning English in Sydney and is following the debate among the nation 's politicians as best he can , though he still ca n't understand why he spent so long in detention . "  We did n't do anything wrong . We are not criminals , " he said . If the bill -- the Migration Legislation Amendment  The Bali Process  Bill 2012 -- had been passed Thursday , it would have allowed Australia to send asylum seekers to Malaysia and the island of Nauru in the South Pacific for processing . It also would have marked a revival of Gillard 's controversial "  Malaysia Solution , " a deal agreed with the Malaysian government to send 800 asylum seekers there each year for processing in exchange for 4,000 refugees to Australia . The deal was ruled invalid last August by the High Court on the grounds that Malaysia has no legal obligation to protect asylum seekers , something required under Australia 's Migration Act . Despite fierce opposition from the coalition and the Greens Party , the House of Parliament narrowly passed the bill late Wednesday , clearing the way for the Senate vote . The Greens said they were pleased the government had announced a multi-party committee to look into the issue , but said more could have been done . "  The government could , today , have taken the pressure off these desperate people to get on boats by immediately resettling thousands of people waiting in Indonesia and Malaysia , properly resourcing the UNHCR and increasing search and rescue capability , " Greens Senator Sarah Hanson-Young said in a statement . The bill 's defeat leaves the country without an effective response to attempts by asylum seekers to enter the country . The expert group has been asked to report back before parliament resumes in mid - August , the ABC said . The number of boats attempting the journey rose dramatically after Labor 's Kevin Rudd defeated long-term Liberal leader John Howard in a federal election in 2007 . During his time in power , Rudd unraveled Howard 's policies , including the "  Pacific Solution , " which involved diverting asylum seekers to detention camps on remote Pacific islands . The Howard policies were slammed by critics as inhumane , however supporters credited them with deterring large numbers of people from boarding boats to Australia . "  They were humane as they possibly could be in the circumstances , " Shadow Treasurer Joe Hockey told the ABC before Thursday 's Senate vote . He said the coalition was pushing for a policy of turning back boats when possible , reopening the processing center on Nauru and granting asylum seekers temporary protection visas . The coalition would never support the Malaysia "  people swap , " he added . Since replacing Rudd as Labor leader , Gillard has adopted a tougher stance on asylum seekers but has resisted calls from the opposition to return to the Howard policies .	Australian Senate rejects vote on asylum seeker bill to resume offshore processing Vote follows sinking of two boats near Christmas Island carrying more than 300 people Thousands of people attempt to reach Australia by boat every year , many die on the way Numbers have risen dramatically since the Labor government reversed Liberal policies
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- In a recent commentary , I wrote that , as a Mexican-American , the ugliness of the immigration debate offends me -- not as a Mexican , but as an American . Ruben Navarrette Jr. lists 10 things U.S.-born Hispanics find distasteful about the immigration debate . A woman wrote in and asked me to be more specific : Just what was it about the immigration debate that was so ugly ? She came to the right place . After nearly 20 years of writing opinions and insisting that I do n't speak for all Hispanics , in recent months , I 've heard from hundreds of Hispanics who -- appreciative of my middle-ground approach to the immigration issue -- insist that I can speak for them anytime . So , with the authority vested in me , I 'll now share some of what other Hispanics are saying . It 's not far off from what Janet Murguia had to say . As president of the National Council of La Raza , the largest Hispanic civil rights organization in the United States , Murguia recently delivered an important speech to the National Press Club . The topic : the immigration debate and what she called a wave of hate sweeping the land -- one that is n't limited to illegal immigrants , but which is now affecting all Hispanics regardless of where they were born , what language they speak or what flag they salute . The way Murguia sees it , immigration is "  on the verge of becoming one of the largest civil rights issues of our generation . " And , Hispanics are playing the piñata . Murguia was right on the button . To borrow a phrase , it 's getting ugly out there . And U.S.-born Hispanics see it as plain as day . Here are 10 things they find distasteful about this debate : • The hypocrisy . We have two signs on the U.S.-Mexican border : "  Keep Out " and "  Help Wanted . " • The racism . With lightning speed , the debate went from anti-illegal immigrant to anti-immigrant to anti-Mexican . • The opportunism . Too many politicians are trying too hard to portray themselves as tough on illegal immigration . • The simple solutions . "  Build A Wall . " "  Deport All Illegals . " A quick rule of thumb : If it fits on a bumper sticker , it 's not a workable policy . • The naiveté . People ask why Mexico wo n't help stop illegal immigration . Hint : Last year , Mexicans in the United States sent home $ 25 billion . • The profiling . Dark skin and Spanish surnames should n't be proxies for undocumented status . Been to Arizona lately ? • The meanness . Nazi-produced Internet video games let players shoot illegal immigrants crossing the border . Fun stuff . • The amnesia . Americans think grandpa was welcomed with open arms and that he plunged into the melting pot . Whatever . • The buck-passing . Americans love to blame Mexico for their choices , yelling across the border : "  Stop us before we hire again . " • The double standard . The same folks who have zero tolerance for illegal immigrants easily tolerate those who hire them . Some of this is painfully familiar , recalling earlier versions of this debate as it played out a hundred or two hundred years ago . Hispanics are the new Germans , the new Irish , the new Italians . But it 's also ugly . It was then . It is now . Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune and a nationally syndicated columnist . Read his column here . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer . E-mail to a friend	Ruben Navarrette shares what Hispanic readers are saying to him He lists 10 things he says they find ugly about the immigration debate Hypocrisy , racism are two items they find distasteful , columnist says
CNN  -- An appellate court on Thursday ordered a new trial for a Florida woman who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for firing a gun to scare off her allegedly abusive husband , ruling that a jury was improperly instructed on self-defense . Marissa Alexander 's case will be retried because the jury was wrongly told that -- for her to claim self-defense -- she needed to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that her husband was about to seriously harm her , the appellate court said . Rather , the appellate court pointed out , the prosecution had the burden to prove that Alexander herself was guilty of aggravated assault . "  Because the jury instructions on self-defense were fundamental error , we reverse " the conviction , a three-judge appellate panel said . A jury convicted Alexander , 31 , of aggravated assault in March 2012 after just 12 minutes of deliberation . Alexander 's lawyer said he told her about the new trial by phone . "  Marissa was ecstatic and obviously she 's incredibly thankful and wants to get back with her family , " defense attorney Bruce Zimet told CNN . ` Stand your ground ' denied in Alexander case The case gained the attention of civil rights leaders , who say the African-American mother of three was persecuted because of her race , and from others , including U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown , who said the sentence was too harsh and Alexander never should have been charged . Alexander claimed self-defense , saying she was attempting to flee her husband , Rico Gray , on August 1 , 2010 , when she picked up a handgun and fired a shot into a wall . She said her husband had read cell phone text messages that she had written to her ex-husband , got angry and tried to strangle her . State Attorney Angela Corey had said the case deserved to be prosecuted because Alexander fired in the direction of a room where two children were standing . Corey had said she offered Alexander a plea bargain that would have resulted in a three-year prison sentence , but Alexander chose to take the case to a jury trial , where a conviction would carry a mandatory sentence under a Florida law known as "  10-20-life . " The law mandates increased penalties for some felonies , including aggravated assault , in which a gun is carried or used . Opinion : Shame of mandatory minimums During sentencing in May 2012 , a judge said he had no choice but to sentence her to 20 years . "  Under the state 's 10-20-life law , a conviction for aggravated assault where a firearm has been discharged carries a minimum and maximum sentence of 20 years without regarding to any extenuating or mitigating circumstances that may be present , such as those in this case , " Judge James Daniel said that year . Before the trial , Alexander unsuccessfully tried to use Florida 's Stand Your Ground law to argue she was immune from prosecution . To win the immunity hearing , she would have needed to show that she was more likely entitled than not to use force . But a judge in the pretrial immunity hearing rejected the request , saying Alexander 's decision to go back into the house was not consistent with someone in fear for her safety . In Thursday 's decision , the appellate court said Alexander would not get a new immunity hearing . But she can still claim self-defense at trial . The office of the Florida state attorney for Duval County said Thursday that Alexander 's conviction "  was reversed on a legal technicality . " "  We are gratified that the court affirmed the defendant 's Stand Your Ground ruling " denying pretrial immunity , the office said . Florida lawmakers wo n't have special session on ` stand your ground ' InSession 's Jessica Thill and CNN 's Chuck Hadad , Michael Pearson and Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyer : Marissa Alexander is "  ecstatic " and "  incredibly grateful " Court : The jury received bad self-defense instructions Alexander was convicted in March of aggravated assault Alexander said she fired a warning shot to fend off her allegedly abusive husband
CNN  -- While following their favorite soccer teams in preparation for the 2014 World Cup , fans in Brazil may have glimpsed one of the largest public health campaigns ever organized by the country 's Ministry of Health . "  Dengue Mata " or "  Dengue Kills " is the key message being pushed in print materials and TV commercials . Brazilian health officials hope the campaign will encourage local citizens to clean up areas around their homes to reduce mosquito breeding grounds , and that doing so will reduce the risk of the mosquito-transmitted virus that causes dengue fever . The 2014 World Cup host country has reported the most cases of dengue in South America over the past 30 years , including four deaths attributable to the disease in January and February . Because there is no vaccine or specific treatment , prevention is paramount . ` Indescribable , crazy pain ' : Surviving dengue fever Risks for U.S. travelers "  It 's difficult for anyone to put any number on the level of risk , " said Lt. Cmdr. Tyler Sharp , an epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's dengue branch in San Juan , Puerto Rico . "  The important thing to remember is that all regions of Brazil every day , every week and every year have transmission  of dengue  . " Most dengue virus infections occur in and around homes , Sharp said , so tourists in air-conditioned hotels have a relatively low risk of infection . Travelers staying with friends and relatives in their homes are at a higher risk . Could the virus make it back to U.S. soil ? Sharp said it would be a rare event , but the virus could be spread from an infected traveler to any state with a mosquito presence . Dengue fever is not unheard of in the United States . In 2013 , 137 cases were reported in Florida . Of those cases , 114 involved a person who had traveled to a dengue endemic country  including Brazil  in the two weeks before onset , according to the Florida Department of Health . U.S. hospitalizations for dengue fever tripled in seven years Dengue symptoms include high fever , severe headaches , pain behind the eyes , muscle and joint pain , nausea , vomiting and swollen glands . It is potentially fatal because of fluid accumulation , respiratory distress , severe bleeding or organ impairment . Individuals with diabetes , obesity , cardiovascular disease or asthma have a higher risk of developing a more severe illness if infected . People who are older or have had previous exposure to one of the four dengue viruses are also more at risk . For protection , the CDC recommends using a bug repellent at dawn and dusk that includes either DEET , picaridin , oil of lemon eucalyptus or IR3535 as the active ingredient . Sunscreen should be applied first and insect-repellent second . Wearing long-sleeved shirts and pants and sleeping in screened or air-conditioned rooms are other strategies for avoiding infection . Dengue at the World Cup An analysis published in Lancet Infectious Diseases in May looked at the climate forecast for dengue fever during the 2014 World Cup . Researchers analyzed past behavior of the virus to determine high-risk areas , which include the cities of Recife , Fortaleza and Natal , where many countries , including the United States , have matches . Even though three of the tournament cities pose a higher risk , according to the Brazilian Federal Government , the World Cup falls during a time of year that typically sees a 74 % reduction in dengue fever cases across the country . "  The one thing in our favor is that it is winter in Brazil , " Sharp said . The risk of infection and outbreak are based on several factors , including the number of mosquitoes  based on climate and presence of standing water needed for breeding  and a susceptible population . The Pan American Health Organization says inadequate sewage disposal and water supply issues in residential areas are part of the reason Brazil has a heightened dengue risk . Unplanned city growth in the country is also increasing the spread of the disease . Thousands hit by Brazil outbreak of dengue Brazil travelers should also protect themselves against hepatitis A and B , yellow fever , typhoid , meningitis , malaria , rabies and diarrhea , the CDC says . 5 ways to stay healthy while traveling abroad Mosquito-borne virus chikungunya worries CDC	Brazil has reported the most cases of dengue fever in South America over last 30 years High-risk cities are Recife , Fortaleza and Natal , studies say Many U.S. dengue cases involve travel to a dengue-endemic country Hepatitis A and B , yellow fever , typhoid and malaria are also concerns during World Cup
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Dr. Roberto Feliz and Dr. Hiba Georges were quickly jolted from the most modern of medical care in Boston , Massachusetts , to the most rudimentary of care when they flew to Haiti last week to work at a hospital housed in two tents run by the University of Miami . The doctors , who worked at the Boston Medical Center , quickly learned that when you have no technology -- not even the simplest blood test -- you have to make medical decisions in an entirely different way . The first death they witnessed taught them a valuable lesson . The patient was a boy who needed his leg amputated or else he would die of either an infection or rhabdomyolysis , a kidney disease that follows injuries where muscles are crushed . Find loved ones in Haiti | Share your story Feliz , Georges and the other doctors had nowhere to take the boy . Their own hospital had yet to open its operating room , so they spent hours trying to find a hospital that could do surgeries . Their search was in vain . Finally , the doctors decided to do the surgery themselves that night by the moonlight under a mango tree . "  We just sawed his foot off . We did n't have to use anesthesia because he was already unconscious and was n't feeling a thing , " Feliz says . But they 'd waited too long . The boy took his last breath during the surgery . "  Some of the doctors cried , " Feliz says . "  I told them , ` There is no crying in medicine . ' " As a direct result of the boy 's death , a few hours later , at 3 in the morning , the surgeons at the University of Miami hospital decided to build their own operating room . They had no surgical lights , no oxygen , no blood , no ventilators and no monitors . For a tourniquet they used one of the doctor 's belts . "  We 'd been waiting to build the operating room until we received better equipment , but after that boy 's death we became more aggressive . We said let 's do it , because they 're going to die anyway , " Feliz says . The doctors continued to learn lessons about what one had called "  civil war medicine " after the operating room went up . At one point , a 16-year-old boy needed an amputation , but the surgeons asked Feliz and Georges to make sure the boy 's kidneys were working before they put him through surgery . Without any blood tests to assess kidney function , the only thing they could look for was urine as a sign that his kidneys were working . "  We tried to see if we could get some urine going , but there was not a drop . We filled him with fluids and gave him Lasix , a diuretic , to get him to pee , but nothing , " Feliz says . The boy died as the doctors were treating him . "  I saw a lot of deaths there , but this one hit me the hardest , " he says . "  I texted my wife back at home , ` I 've had a bad day . ' " After that boy 's death , surgeons were quicker to give permission to amputate , Feliz says . Feliz says if there 's any silver lining to practicing such rudimentary medicine , it 's that it made him a more humble doctor . "  Back in Boston , I 'm a hot shot . The nurses have to respect me , " Feliz says . "  Here , I 'm just a worker bee . I cleaned the OR floor after surgery . I carried dead bodies down the street . I was in traffic carrying dead bodies . That makes you human . I came here a very fancy doctor , and I 'm leaving here as a humble man . "	Doctors arriving in Haiti learn there is no technology , no basic equipment Doctors created operating room with no surgical lights , oxygen , blood or ventilators After witnessing death of children , surgeons quicker to give permission to amputate
A State Department contractor jailed in Cuba has reached a financial settlement with the company that sent him to the island , according to court papers filed Thursday . The amount to be paid to Alan Gross and his wife , Judy , by Development Alternatives Inc. was subject to a non-disclosure agreement , the court filing said . Last year , the couple sued the company and the U.S. government for $ 60 million . The settlement does not include the government . The company hired Gross to fulfill a U.S. Agency for International Development contract to connect private citizens to the Internet in Cuba , a scarce commodity on the island . But Gross was arrested in 2009 after arriving in Cuba . He was later sentenced to 15 years in jail for smuggling in banned satellite communications equipment to the island and trying to destabilize the Cuban government . Gross argued that his work was n't political and he was trying to connect Cuba 's tiny Jewish community to the Internet . In the lawsuit , Gross ' attorney 's argued that he was not warned by Development Alternatives Inc. that his work could run afoul of Cuban authorities . "  We have been clear from day one that Alan 's safe return to his family is our first priority , " Jim Boomgard , the company 's president and chief executive , said in a joint statement with Judy Gross . "  Settling this litigation allows us to work together on that overriding goal . " "  We are very pleased that DAI has committed to help address the injuries sustained by our family , " Judy Gross said in the statement . "  We want Alan back home , safe and sound . " Last year , Cuban authorities offered to discuss to Gross ' case with the United States as well as that of five Cuban agents jailed in the United States on spy charges . But the State Department refused to discuss a possible swap , saying Gross is not a spy and that shaky U.S.-Cuba relations will not improve until he is released .	State Department contractor Alan Gross , wife sued company and U.S. government Settlement only includes company that hired him on State Department contract Gross jailed in Cuba for smuggling banned satellite communications equipment State Department says that Gross is not a spy and has urged his release
CNN  -- British authorities overnight arrested four men for suspected terrorism , police said on Friday , adding to the scores that have been rounded up in recent months as part of efforts to prevent homegrown attacks . The men , ages 19 to 27 , were rounded in four different southern England locales between 8:31 p.m.  3:31 p.m. ET  Thursday and 2:55 a.m. Friday , according to London 's Metropolitan Police . Armed police -- who are rarely deployed in the United Kingdom -- took part in three of the arrests , though no shots were fired , the Metropolitan Police said . The force 's Terrorism Command , working with the regional South East Counter Terrorism Unit and Britain 's intelligence agency MI5 , made the arrests as "  part of an ongoing investigation into Islamist-related terrorism . " The four are hardly the first to be taken into custody for suspicions tied to Britain 's Terrorism Act 2000 . Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said last month that counter-terrorism officers were "  running exceptionally high numbers of counter-terrorism investigations , the likes of which we have not seen for several years . " In the year up to October 17 , there had been 218 terror-related arrests , he said , adding that officers are disrupting "  several attack plots a year . " UK authorities searching addresses The UK government raised its terror threat level from "  substantial " to "  severe " -- the fourth-highest of five levels -- in late August in response to ISIS militants ' surge in Iraq and Syria and their threats against the West . At the time , Home Secretary Theresa May said "  that means that a terrorist attack is highly likely , but there is no intelligence to suggest that an attack is imminent . " UK raises terror threat level Many of the most recent terrorism-related arrests have been in London , the nation 's capital and site of deadly coordinated 2005 suicide attacks , as well as the 2013 slaying of British soldier Lee Rigby . Three of the latest arrests occurred at addresses in west London and the Thames Valley area , to the west of the capital . The fourth man was in a car in the Southall district of west London when he was taken into custody , according to police . Even after those arrests , authorities were n't done . They searched at least six different addresses in the region , from west London as far west as High Wycombe . As of late Friday afternoon , the Metropolitan Police said , "  The searches are ongoing , enquiries continue . "	NEW : Authorities searching a number of addresses around southern England Four men are arrested on suspicion of terrorism offenses , the Metropolitan Police says They are being held in London police stations while officers search homes and vehicles Police : Arrests "  are part of an ongoing investigation into Islamist related terrorism "
New York  CNN  -- The rapid growth in emerging markets over the past decade has made them fertile ground for the development of new approaches to attracting and managing talent . Among the biggest beneficiaries : Ambitious , educated women in Brazil , Russia , India , and China  BRIC  . Following the trend in developed nations , BRIC women are graduating from university at rates equal to or exceeding men . As they enter the professional workforce in their home countries , these women have an unparalleled opportunity to leapfrog their Western counterparts . Research from the think tank I set up , Center for Talent Innovation , shows that their career ambitions and commitment overwhelm those of women in the U.S. . In my book , "  Winning the War for Talent in Emerging Markets : Why Women are the Solution , " written with Ripa Rashid , we say some 76 % of Chinese women , 80 % of Brazilian women , and a whopping 86 % of Indian women aspire to the top job , compared to only 52 % of their U.S. counterparts . Over 80 % in Brazil , Russia and India love their jobs , versus 70 % in the U.S. . Yet their promising futures too often are derailed by family-rooted "  pulls " and workplace-centered "  pushes . " Although childcare is one of the most common career killers for women in the United States and Western Europe , it is rarely a serious problem in the emerging markets . Parents and in-laws frequently live nearby and are willing to pitch in to help care for their grandchildren . Nannies and household help are , for the most part , affordable and readily available . Instead , BRIC women confront a series of family and social pressures that pile onto women when they marry , ratchet up after they have children , and become almost crushing as their parents and in-laws get older . Eldercare is a ticking time bomb , especially in countries where filial piety is tightly woven into the cultural value system . Although elders today represent a net benefit to the female career professional in BRIC markets , demographic projections a huge leap in the percentage of the population over 60 . This dramatic shift will land squarely on professional women . While many women in our sample did not have children , the vast majority -- 81 % -- do have eldercare responsibilities . "  Daughterly guilt , " already substantial across the BRICs , actually exceeds maternal guilt in India and China . In spite of the tremendous gains in women 's status in the BRICs over the past two decades , gender bias remains an indisputable reality of the workplace . In India and China , over 25 % of CTI survey respondents believe women are treated unfairly in the workplace owing to their gender ; in India , the number is 45 % . More than half of educated women in India and nearly half of their counterparts in China have encountered bias severe enough to make them consider scaling back their career goals -- or quitting altogether .  Russia is the exception , in part owing to a Communist legacy that integrated women into the workplace better than elsewhere in today 's emerging markets . Even a sizable percentage of men agree that women are treated unfairly because of their gender . The most commonly encountered types of bias involve lingering stereotypes about women 's abilities and commitment to work . These deeply rooted prejudices can impact women 's careers in a range of ways , from curtailed assignments to smaller salaries to penalties for taking maternity leave . Women also have to fight cultural stereotypes that bar them from coveted assignments . More than half of the women surveyed are interested in international assignments , with most seeing them as critical to their career advancement . Yet because it 's assumed that a woman 's responsibilities are to her home , and that her husband and children will take precedence over commitment to her career , she is often passed over in favor of a man . But assertiveness can be difficult for women brought up in cultures that place great value on women 's submissiveness and reticence , as in India and China , or consider it a trait that detracts from women 's essential femininity . Many women surveyed felt crippled by this cultural bind , a sense further reinforced by the absence of senior female role models , mentors , sponsors and access to leadership training . Time and again , the women spoke of how hungry they are for more support from their employers and how much they would benefit from programs that would help them break out of their shells . A nuanced understanding of the cultural and social influences is essential to doing business effectively anywhere , yet the "  think global , act local " mantra that is the cornerstone of many successful business strategies rarely extends to managing talented women in emerging markets . Employers who wish to maximize their potential need to understand their complicated career dynamics . Only by creating policies and practices that enable ambitious , educated women to flourish will companies ensure that the tomorrow 's leaders get the skills and support they need today .	Report : Women in Brazil , Russia , India and China more ambitious than U.S. counterparts Extended families , affordable childcare makes it easier for mothers to work , says author Eldercare and "  daughterly guilt " are a more significant barrier than in Western world Women report : Assertiveness not considered feminine in China and India
CNN  -- Meat is murder ? Well , perhaps not for much longer . Artist Banksy has satirized modern farming and meat production ; could in-vitro meat be a better option ? A pioneering group of scientists are working to grow real animal protein in the laboratory , which they not only claim is better for animal welfare , but actually healthier , both for people and the planet . It may sound like science fiction , but this technology to create in-vitro meat could be changing global diets within ten years . "  Cultured meat would have a lot of advantages , " said Jason Matheny of research group New Harvest . "  We could precisely control the amount of fat in meat . We could make ground beef with an ideal fatty acid ratio -- a hamburger that prevents heart attacks instead of causing them . " But it is n't just the possibility of creating designer ground beef with the fat profile of salmon that drives Matheny 's work . Meat and livestock farming is also the source of many human diseases , which he claims would be far less common when the product is raised in laboratory conditions . "  We could reduce the risks of diseases like swine flu , avian flu , ` mad cow disease ' , or contamination from Salmonella , " he told CNN . "  We could produce meat in sterile conditions that are impossible in conventional animal farms and slaughterhouses . And when we grow only the meat we can eat , it 's more efficient . There 's no need to grow the whole animal and lose 75 to 95 percent of what we feed it . " Conventional meat production is also hard on the environment . The contribution of livestock to climate change was recently highlighted by the United Nations ' report , "  Livestock 's Long Shadow " , while groups such as Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth have demonstrated how soy farming for animal feed contributes to the destruction of the Amazon . In this context Matheny believes his project could significantly cut the environmental impact of meat production -- using much less water and producing far fewer greenhouse gases . "  We could reduce the environmental footprint of meat , which currently contributes more to global warming than the entire transportation sector , " says Matheny . Preliminary results from a study by Hanna Tuomisto , at the Wildlife Conservation Research Unit , University of Oxford , suggest that cultured meat would reduce the carbon emissions of meat production by more than 80 percent . Making cultured meat In-vitro meat is made from samples of animals conventionally slaughtered . For example , "  pork " is made from pig ovaries retrieved from slaughterhouses , which are fertilized with pig semen , transforming them into embryos . They are then placed in a nutrient solution , where they grow and develop . It 's a long way from the popular image of animals wandering round the farmyard in the sunshine , but then so is modern intensive farming . The factor that could take the research from the lab to the store and into refrigerators around the world is its remarkable commercial potential . According to New Harvest , meat is already estimated to be a $ 1 trillion global market , and demand is expected to double by 2050 . With concerns about health , animal welfare and the environment growing the appeal of in vitro meat is obvious . Matheny told CNN that venture capitalists Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers have shown an interest in his technology , while Stegman , a sausage subsidiary of food giant Sara Lee , is a partner . The Netherlands ' Government has also invested around $ 4 million in Dutch research into in-vitro meat production . But it is n't just the suits who are circling with their checkbooks out -- campaign group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  have announced a $ 1 million prize for the first commercially viable in vitro chicken product . The Humane Society of the United States has also been supportive . "  We think that a technology to produce cultured ground meats -- burgers , sausages , nuggets , and so forth -- could be commercialized within ten years , " said Matheny . "  As with most technologies , successive generations should improve in price , quality , and acceptance . We do n't think that matching the taste and texture of ground meats will be very difficult . Both conventional and cultured meat is made of muscle tissue . And conventional ground meat is typically highly processed . Chicken nuggets for instance , are made of something called ` meat slurry ' -- it would be hard not to do better ! " Public attitude But the public does n't always blindly buy what companies believe they should , and acceptance of what is a very radical proposition certainly is n't a foregone conclusion . There are bound to be claims of "  Frankenfoods , " and reaction against the work . "  Social acceptance is n't guaranteed , but we all want meat that 's safer and healthier , " he said . "  If cultured meat looks , tastes , and costs the same as regular meat , then I think acceptance will be high . The more we learn about the health and environmental impact of conventional meat , the more cultured meat looks like a good alternative . " One obvious touchstone for how in-vitro-meat will be received by the public is perhaps the way GM crops were -- or were not - accepted around the world , something that Matheny draws encouragement from . "  What 's interesting about the GM issue is that it has been controversial in some places , but is a non-issue for most consumers , " he said . "  Most Americans are regularly eating GM foods . In any case , it 's not necessarily the case that cultured meat would involve GM foods . "  We all want meat that 's safer and healthier . If cultured meat looks , tastes , and costs the same as regular meat , then do we care that it 's produced in a steel tank , rather than in an animal farm ? "  Take hydroponic vegetables . We like the idea that they 're produced in sterile water instead of dirt and manure . It 's true that in-vitro meat is n't natural . Nor for that matter are hydroponic vegetables , or bread , or cheese , or wine . Raising 10,000 chickens indoors and pumping them full of drugs is n't natural , either , and it is n't healthy or safe . The more we learn about how meat is produced now , the more in-vitro meat looks like a better alternative . " Lab-produced meat also raises some ethical considerations . Kate McMahon , Friends of the Earth Energy and Transport campaigner , believes more attention should be paid to improving livestock conditions rather than developing in-vitro meat . "  At a time when hundreds of small-scale , sustainable farming operations are filing for bankruptcy every day , it is unethical to consider purchasing petri dish meat . Rather , we should be making it easier and more affordable to raise livestock in a safe , humane and ecologically sensitive manner , " she told CNN . Gillian Madill , Genetics Technologies spokesperson for Friends of the Earth , thinks that clear parameters for in-vitro development need to put in place : "  If we can successfully develop these products , what is the defining line between lab-grown meat and natural animals ? " she told CNN . "  That is an especially important question since a high level of differentiation and tissue complexity is required to replicate muscle tissue that we use as meat . We need to draw clear lines in order to prevent the commodification of all life . " Ultimately the success of in-vitro meat may be less about consumer sensibilities and more about the hard realities of feeding a growing global population in a finite world . "  With India and China doubling their meat consumption every decade , there 's no sustainable way to satisfy the growing global appetite for meat without a significant improvement in technology , " said Matheny . "  Cultured meat offers one solution . Improved plant-based meat substitutes offer another . I expect both will be needed . " Test tube burgers ? It seems you could be eating them sooner than you might expect . What do you think of in-vitro meat ? Do you think it could be a solution to the problems connected to meat production and climate change ? Let us know in the Sound Off box below .	Ongoing research into in-vitro meat ; grown in a lab using animal samples Advocates say in-vitro meat is better for health of humans and environment Lab-made meat could be served in a decade , says research scientist Jason Matheny
Facing the largest anti-government protests in his 11 months in power , Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro vowed to move forward with the prosecution of a leading opposition figure on charges of terrorism and murder . Four anti-government protesters and one government supporter have died in clashes around the country . The man the government blames for the deaths is Leopoldo Lopez , an opposition leader who turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday . A court hearing to determine whether Lopez will be released or remain behind bars began inside a military prison Wednesday night , his family told CNN en Español . Human rights groups warn about the danger of turning the protests into a persecution of political opponents . The charges against Lopez , who has organized protests demanding better security , an end to shortages and protected freedom of speech , "  smack of a politically motivated attempt to silence dissent in the country , " Amnesty International said in a statement . Human Rights Watch weighed in , too , warning that Venezuela must avoid "  scapegoating " political opponents . But the way forward seemed set , with Maduro referring to opposition leaders as fascists and vowing to take a hard line against those responsible for surging violence . In a national television broadcast Wednesday night , Maduro accused the opposition of trying to overthrow his government with a slow-motion coup . "  This fascist group 's leader is already prisoner . He will respond , " Maduro said . "  And I said , ` He will go to prison . ' And that is what I did . And I will do that with all the fascists , wherever they are . " Charges against Lopez include murder , terrorism and arson in connection with the protests , according to his party , Popular Will . Lopez denies the accusations , the party said in a statement , which also asked witnesses of the protests to send their own accounts of what happened to be used in his defense . The party has blamed the government for the violence . Court inside military prison Crowds of supporters , media crews and security forces swarmed Venezuela 's justice building as anticipation built over the hearing . But Lopez 's legal team said Wednesday afternoon that officials had ordered a last-minute change of venue for security reasons . Juan Carlos Gutierrez , an attorney representing Lopez , told reporters that a court had been set up inside the military prison outside Caracas where the opposition leader is being held . Defense attorneys were on the way to the prison and planned to argue against holding a hearing there , he said . Lopez 's supporters accused the government of violating his due process by setting up a court session inside the prison . "  This is unprecedented . Our constitution says that everyone should be judged in liberty , " his father , also named Leopoldo Lopez , told CNN en Español on Wednesday . Delsa Solorzano , a Venezuelan representative to the Latin American Parliament , said holding a court session inside the military prison raises a major red flag . "  It demonstrates that in Venezuela there is no separation of powers , " she told CNN affiliate Globovision . Lopez 's wife , Lilian Tintori de Lopez , told CNN en Español she was holding out hope that her husband would be set free after the hearing . "  The last thing he said to me was for me to not forget what he is going through , " she said . "  Not forget that he is arrested for things that he has asked for : the liberation of political prisoners , liberation of students , no more oppression , no more violence . " Obama : Venezuela ` trying to distract from its own failings ' Major social and economic problems in Venezuela have fueled the protests . But as the demonstrations gained steam , officials have pointed fingers at other factors , accusing the United States of plotting to destabilize the government . U.S. President Barack Obama fired back during a news conference in Mexico on Wednesday . "  Venezuela , rather than trying to distract from its own failings by making up false accusations against diplomats from the United States , the government ought to focus on addressing the legitimate grievances of the Venezuelan people , " he told reporters . "  So , along with the Organization of American States , we call on the Venezuelan government to release protesters that it 's detained , and engage in real dialogue . All parties have an obligation to work together to restrain violence and restore calm . " On Monday , Venezuela gave three U.S. diplomats 48 hours to leave the country , accusing them of conspiring to bring down the government . At a rally Tuesday , Maduro shouted , "  Yankee , go home " from the stage , drawing cheers from the crowd . In Wednesday 's television broadcast , Maduro accused Colombian paramilitary forces and the United States of fueling the violence , and vowed to stand firm against any attempts to overthrow his government . "  And what is the Venezuelan opposition going to do ? " he said . "  Believe that with the support of John Kerry or Obama , you are going to be able to take political power by violent means ? " This is n't the first time that bitter protests and counterprotests by supporters and opponents of the government have threatened political stability in Venezuela over the past decade . Many of Maduro 's claims -- of U.S. intervention , of assassination plots -- were also lobbed by the late President Hugo Chavez . Chavez was briefly ousted in a coup in 2002 , but otherwise outlasted the protests and repeatedly won reelection . He ruled for 14 years , until his death last year after a long battle with cancer . Death toll up The latest victim of the violence died on Wednesday , a day after being shot during an anti-government protest in the state of Carabobo . The death of Genesis Carmona drew attention because the student was also a beauty queen . She was winner of the 2013 Miss Tourism crown in Carabobo , and represented her state at Miss Tourism Venezuela . Her Twitter account shows she actively retweeted messages from opposition leaders and supported Lopez . She even retweeted guidance for a workaround in case the government tried to block access to social media as the protests grew . The last thing Carmona shared on Twitter was a retweet : "  Stay with the one who tells the best stories . One day they will tell yours . " In Wednesday night 's national television broadcast , Maduro described bullet wounds sustained by government forces during protests and showed videos that he said depicted opposition protesters throwing stones and setting buses ablaze . "  You think this is a novel ? This is the reality that you with your hatred have created , " he said . "  If you do n't like Venezuela , leave . " CNN equipment taken A CNN crew covering the anti-government demonstrations had its equipment taken away at gunpoint Tuesday -- but the journalists were unharmed . The incident took place in a neighborhood in Caracas where the CNN crew was preparing to film and the National Guard was present . About 20 men on motorbikes rode toward a crowd of anti-government protesters when they noticed the journalists and approached them , brandishing several guns . They demanded that the crew hand over its equipment , including a camera and broadcasting gear . 17-year-old dies during Venezuelan protests Venezuela : Expelled U.S. diplomats have 48 hours to leave Clashes between protesters , police	Lopez 's family says a court hearing for the opposition leader has begun Charges against opposition leader include murder , terrorism , arson Obama : Venezuela should focus on people 's concerns , not make false accusations Maduro about Lopez in prison : "  I will do that with all the fascists "
CNN  It really is n't fair that just a million people call New Zealand 's South Island home . Why should so few people get to hog such spectacular landscape ?  Compared to , say , similarly sized England 's population of 52 million . The larger of the country 's two main islands is more visually stunning than the North Island . With its smaller population , it 's also more lonely and wild . To get a handle of the island 's most sublime landscapes , we asked Auckland-based award-winning photographer Mike Hollman to share his favorite spots to photograph . Named New Zealand Travel Photographer of the Year in 2013 by the New Zealand Institute of Professional Photography , Hollman grew up on the South Island and says the landscape has had a tremendous impact on his work . "  The light is always changing and offering different views , " says Hollman . "  My favorite time to shoot is in autumn , especially April  New Zealand 's fall is from March to May  when the trees turn golden and the light on the landscape is magical . " 1 . Milford Sound With an annual rainfall of 6.8 meters , Milford Sound is one of the wettest places in New Zealand . All that rain makes for spectacular waterfalls , with hundreds cascading into the fjord on a wet day . Located within Fiordland National Park , Milford Sound is a 295-kilometer road trip from Queenstown , through vast landscapes of mountains and rainforest . Numerous scenic flight options are available from Queenstown . 2 . Glenorchy-Queenstown Road The 45-kilometer road between Glenorchy and Queenstown may be the most scenic in New Zealand . Magnificent views greet every turn as the road winds its way along the edge of Lake Wakatipu . "  The light is constantly changing and there are always opportunities for great photographs , " says Hollman . He recommends the view from Bennets Bluff Lookout , 25 kilometers from Queenstown . 3 . Matai Falls , The Catlins Located on the southeast corner of the South Island , The Catlins is home to beautiful waterfalls such as Matai Falls . There 's a lot to explore in the area . Landscapes range from rolling farmland to sweeping coasts to temperate rainforests . It 's a 30-minute forest walk to reach Matai Falls , with parking available at the Matai Falls car park on the Southern Scenic Route , 18 kilometers south of Owaka . 4 . St. Clair Beach , Dunedin St. Clair Beach is one of the beautiful sandy beaches that sweep along the eastern suburbs of Dunedin . Located 15 minutes from central Dunedin , it 's a popular surfing spot and home to cafes , bars and an outdoor heated saltwater swimming pool . "  The old wooden poles at the end of the beach have always been one of my favorite places to photograph , " says Hollman . 5 . Moeraki Boulders These large , strange-looking spherical concretions eroded from the shoreline are some of nature 's oddest sights . Some of the largest boulders measure more than two meters in diameter . Maori legend claims the boulders are remains of food washed ashore from the wreck of a large sailing canoe . "  Best viewed at low tide , these beautiful boulders always make for interesting photographs , " says Hollman . The boulders are located on Koekohe Beach on State Highway One , 75 kilometers north of Dunedin or 40 kilometers south of Oamaru . 6 . Church of the Good Shepherd , Tekapo Located in Mackenzie Country in central South Island , Tekapo is renowned for its stunning clear skies and was declared an International Dark Sky Reserve in 2012 . "  This is a great location for astro-photography , which attracts tourists from the world over , " says Hollman . "  The Church makes for a nice subject , with the Milky Way and a shooting star in the background . " Tekapo is located on State Highway 8 , midway between Christchurch and Queenstown . 7 . Lupins on Lake Tekapo Each summer the lupins around Lake Tekapoturn turn startling colors , attracting visitors and photographers in droves . Found along the shores of Lake Tekapo and surrounding countryside , the flowers are usually at their best during the first two weeks of December . Lake Tekapo is on State Highway 8 between Christchurch and Queenstown . 8 . Aoraki/Mount Cook New Zealand 's highest mountain  3,754 meters  is known as Aoraki by Maori ; it received its European name , Mount Cook , in 1851 . Located in Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park , it features a number of walks and activities for all levels of fitness . "  The mountain is spectacular to photograph and is always different each visit , " says Hollman . Accommodations at Aoraki/Mount Cook village range from backpacker-friendly to luxury . The village is 334 kilometers from Christchurch , and 258 kilometers from Queenstown . 9 . Icebergs on Tasman Lake Located in Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park , Tasman Glacier on Tasman Lake is New Zealand 's longest glacier at 27 kilometers . The towering sights can be viewed from the shoreline or you can book a boat trip with Glacier Explorers from September to May for closer views . 10 . Lake Matheson At the heart of Glacier Country and Westland National Park , Lake Matheson is an achingly pretty sight . Formed by glaciation 14,000 years ago , it 's surrounded by an ancient native forest . The lake mirrors two of New Zealand 's highest peaks -- Mount Cook and Mount Tasman . 11 . Franz Josef Glacier A main attraction on the South Island 's west coast , this 12-kilometer-long glacier descends from high peaks through temperate rainforest to just about 300 meters above sea level . Activities can be booked from the township of Franz Josef , located five kilometers away . 12 . Southern Alps Running 450 kilometers from north to south , the Southern Alps form a natural range along the entire length of New Zealand 's South Island . At 3,724 meters , Aoraki/Mount Cook is the highest point . "  A scenic flight is a fantastic way to see these mountains closeup , " says Hollman . "  There are many options and they operate out of all of the local tourist areas . For the best light , try for an early morning or evening flight . " 13 . Waimakariri River The Waimakariri River flows from the Southern Alps across the Canterbury Plains to the Pacific Ocean . One of the loveliest areas of the river is near Arthur 's Pass . "  The braided river banks and mountain light make for some great landscape photography , " says Hollman . He recommends views of the river from State Highway 73 , between Arthur 's Pass and Christchurch . Mike Hollman is an award winning photographer based in Auckland , New Zealand . A Fellow and Master of Photography with The New Zealand Institute of Professional Photography , he was named New Zealand Travel Photographer of the Year in 2013 . His work has been featured in National Geographic 's travel photo competitions , published in books and magazines and can be viewed at http://www.mikehollman.com and www.facebook.com/mikehollman.photograph .	New Zealand 's South Island has fewer people and more scenic views than North Island NZ travel photographer Mike Hollman lists his favorite places to photograph List includes best road trip , glaciers , icebergs and alien boulders
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesian authorities killed the suspected mastermind behind the deadly 2002 Bali bombings , Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said on Wednesday . Yudhoyono announced the death of terrorist Dulmatin while speaking with reporters during a visit to Australia . The Bali bombings killed 202 people . "  I can announce to you that , after a successful police raid against the terrorists hiding out in Jakarta yesterday , we can confirm that one of those that was killed was Mr. Dulmatin , one of the top southeast Asian terrorists that we have been looking for , " Yudhoyono said . Dulmatin , one of Indonesia 's most wanted terrorists , had several aliases , including Joko Pitoyo . He was an electronics specialist who trained in al Qaeda camps in Afghanistan and had a $ 10 million bounty on his head , according to the U.S. State Department . He was a senior member of the al Qaeda-linked terror network Jemaah Islamiyah . Indonesian media had been reporting that Dulmatin was killed in a shootout in Pamulang , Banten province , on Tuesday . The raid was linked to ongoing security sweeps in Aceh province in northern Sumatra . Police have arrested 15 suspected militants , and one has been killed . Three police officers have died in the raids . Aceh Governor Irwandi Yusuf said that , for a year now , he has known about a militant training camp in the province . He said militants were seeking to establish camps similar to those run by Jemaah Islamiyah in the the southern Philippines . The group has a stated goal of creating an idealized Islamic state comprising Indonesia , Malaysia , Singapore , the southern Philippines and southern Thailand , according to GlobalSecurity.org , a public policy Web site that provides background on defense issues . Yusuf told reporters that militants chose Aceh because it is a predominantly Muslim province that imposes shariah , or Islamic , law and because a rebellion -- the Free Aceh Movement -- had taken root there . Indonesia 's current anti-terrorism efforts come just days before President Barack Obama 's planned visit to the world 's most-populous Muslim nation .	NEW : Indonesian President Yudhoyono announces death during Australia visit NEW : Indonesian media had been reporting Dulmatin 's death in a shootout Dulmatin is one of Indonesia 's most wanted terrorists Dulmatin had a $ 10 million bounty on his head , according to U.S. State Department
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama told the nation Tuesday night that "  the dream of our founders is alive " and that he 's ready to fulfill his campaign mantra of bringing change to America . "  Change has come to America , " President-elect Barack Obama told the nation on Tuesday night . "  At this defining moment , change has come to America , " Obama , who will be the nation 's first black president , told a crowd of about 125,000 people in Chicago 's Grant Park . Obama , born in Hawaii to a white mother and black father , said his victory proves that America is a place where all things are possible . Paying tribute to the legions of volunteers and voters who carried him to victory , Obama echoed the words of Abraham Lincoln in the Gettysburg Address , saying those legions proved "  a government of the people , by the people and for the people has not perished from this Earth . " "  This is your victory , " he told his supporters , praising "  working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $ 5 and $ 10 and $ 20 to this cause . " Watch Obama say all things are possible in U.S. " Obama pledged to heal partisan wounds left after a bruising election battle , again using the words of Lincoln , the first Republican in White House . "  As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours , ` We are not enemies , but friends ... though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection . ' "  Let us resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long , " Obama said . Obama used the life of 106-year-old Ann Nixon Cooper of Atlanta , Georgia , to illustrate what the nation has overcome in her lifetime , including the Depression , world wars , the nation 's quest for civil rights , a man on the moon , the fall of the Berlin Wall and even a world connected by technology . "  Tonight , let us ask ourselves -- if our children should live to see the next century ; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper , what change will they see ? What progress will we have made ? " Obama said . "  This is our chance to answer that call . This is our moment , " he said . Obama hinted he 's even looking beyond his first term , and through the first eight of those next hundred years . "  The road ahead will be long . Our climb will be steep . We may not get there in one year or even one term , but America -- I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there . I promise you -- we as a people will get there , " he said . Obama congratulated his rival John McCain and praised McCain 's service to the country as a politician and Navy pilot and prisoner of war in Vietnam . "  He fought long and hard in this campaign , and he 's fought even longer and harder for the country he loves , " Obama said . "  I look forward to working with  him  to renew this nation 's promise in the months ahead . " Watch Obama 's praise of John McCain " He also thanked his wife , Michelle , and daughters , Sasha and Malia , for their patience through the long presidential campaign . "  You have earned the new puppy that 's coming with us to the White House , " he told his daughters . Obama spent the first part of his historic Election Day voting , visiting campaign staffers and playing a little basketball . Following an Obama campaign tradition , he arrived Tuesday afternoon at a gym on Chicago 's west side , where a campaign spokeswoman said he met with friends for a game of round ball . The game was the latest stop in Obama 's busy day , which began early in the morning at a polling station in his Hyde Park neighborhood . Earlier , a smiling Obama and his wife cast ballots at the Shoesmith Elementary School . "  I hope this works , " Obama said after placing his ballot into a scanning machine . "  I 'll be really embarrassed if it does n't . " Watch Obama family at voting station " Obama 's vice presidential running mate , Sen. Joe Biden , voted in Wilmington , Delaware , on Tuesday , casting ballots with his wife , Jill , and his 90-year-old mother . Watch Biden vote " People at the polling station also cheered as Biden voted . Election Day came shortly after Obama learned his 86-year-old grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , had died following a bout with cancer . Read more about the death of Obama 's grandmother Obama has described his grandmother , who helped raise him in his native Hawaii , as an integral figure in his youth , saying she struggled to succeed in a business dominated by men . Watch more on Obama 's grandmother " Obama traveled to Hawaii in late October to visit her . CNN 's Mike Roselli contributed to this report .	NEW : Victory proves anything is possible in America , Obama says NEW : Obama promises daughters puppy in the White House NEW : Obama salutes McCain 's campaign , sacrifice
CNN  -- Along the lush sea-islands and the Atlantic coastal plains of the southern East coast of America , a distinctive group of tidewater communities has stuck together throughout the centuries , preserving its African cultural heritage and carving out a lifestyle that is uniquely its own . The Gullah/Geechee people are direct descendants of West African slaves brought into the United States around the 1700s . They were forced to work in rice paddies , cotton fields and indigo plantations along the South Carolina-Georgia seaboard where the moist climate and fertile land were very similar to their African homelands . After the abolition of slavery , they settled in remote villages around the coastal swath , where , thanks to their relative isolation , they formed strong communal ties and a unique culture that has endured for centuries . "  The Gullah/Geechee Nation is an extremely tightly knit community , " says Chieftess Queen Quet , who was chosen to represent the Gullah/Geechee people in 2000 . "  It is as tightly knit as a sweet grass basket that 's sewn together and as tightly knit as a cast net is sewn together -- there 's strength in it and that means if you pull on it , you ca n't just get it to break apart . " See also : Tracing the slaves who shaped America Brought to America from rice-producing Sierra Leone and other surrounding countries , the enslaved Africans came from a wide variety of ethnic groups . For many of them , the first contact with the New World was Sullivan 's Island -- just off Charleston , South Carolina -- a place of huge emotional value for the Gullah/Geechee community to this day . "  This is the landing point for over 40 % of all the African people enslaved in North America , " says Queen Quet . "  It represents a place of pain ; it also represents a place of connection because we 're standing at the shore and we 're looking eastward -- we 're looking back home , we 're looking to our mother , the mother land , mother Africa . " Carlie Towne , minister of information of the Gullah/Geechee Nation , says the Africans brought to the island were quarantined in pestilence houses to make sure they did n't have any diseases . "  A lot of people refer to this as the Ellis Island , but it 's not , because we did not come freely , " says Towne . "  It did n't kill the spirit , because we are here today and paying homage today to our ancestors . It actually gave us a sense of community , of living together . Everything we did , it was a way for us to actually become who we are . It actually made us stronger and we continue today the legacy of our ancestors . " Read related : Brazil 's thriving African culture To this day , the Gullah/Geechee people are trying to hold steadfastly to the way of life of their African ancestors , passing on their traditions from one generation to the next . They gather sweet grass to practice the ancient African art of basket making ; they pay homage to their West African traditions by keeping alive the ring shout music folk tradition ; they make a living by fishing shrimps and harvesting oysters , using handmade nets and casting them the way their ancestors did centuries ago . "  I fished with my father ever since I 've been seven or eight , " says Ricky Wright , vice president of the Gullah/Geechee Fishing Association . "  It passes down because it 's just a natural thing for us -- my parents did it , I 'm quite sure my parents ' parents did it , and it just descended down . " It is this natural connection that helps the Gullah/Geechee community tie their past to their future survival . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- almost like history repeating itself , what goes around comes around , " says Wright . "  OK , we 've entered the computer age , but we still have to have hands-on for most of the things we do and fishing is like hands-on . You 've got to do it to know it -- to keep the culture strong is to keep what you do intact . " Another key trait marking the population 's distinctive cultural identity is the use of an English-based creole vernacular known as Gullah . Professor Salikoko S. Mufwene , of the department of linguistics at the University of Chicago , says the enslaved Africans and their descendants created the dialect in response to their own linguistic diversity . "  It is English modified under the influence of African languages , " he says . "  Any population that appropriates the language that is not their own , they are going to modify it . " Estimates about the current number of Gullah/Geechee people vary and exact figures are hard to verify . Gullah/Geechee leaders say that an approximately one million people belong to the nation , while other reports put the number closer to 250,000 . Mufwene says that after the Second World War there were several migrations out of the region towards cities like New York and Washington in search of jobs . He adds , however , that many of those who 'd depart would often become disenchanted with life in the city and return back home . Watch video : Slave descendants uphold African roots What seems to be more certain is that Gullah/Geechee people have preserved the cultural heritage of their ancestors more than any other black Americans in the United States . "  We have the highest retention of African tradition in America , " says Towne . "  African-Americans have assimilated more so they do n't have those African traditions that we have -- they do n't treasure them , they do n't honor their tradition like we do . And we 've been able to hold onto that because of isolation , because of the strong will and our self-determination . We still eat the same foods -LSB- as -RSB- our ancestors -LSB- when they -RSB- came from Africa . " Mufwene agrees . He says the Gullah/Geechee people cook differently from continental African-Americans and the ways they interact with each other are very reminiscent of traditional life in Africa . "  They have also kept animal tales that are very similar to animal tales in Africa , " he adds . "  The characters are not exactly the same , because the ecology has changed , but the themes of the tales are very similar to the themes that you find in Africa . " Back on Sullivan 's Island , overlooking the vast ocean that brought her ancestors to the shores of enslavement , Towne says Gullah/Geechee people should not lose sight of their past . "  This is actually the bloodline of our people , the water , " she says . "  I must come here and my children come here . And my children 's children must come here too . Because we must never forget . "	The Gullah/Geechee is a group of people based in the North Carolina-Georgia seaboard Their descendants came from West Africa , brought to America as slaves around the 1700s The Gullah/Geechee are trying to hold onto the way of life of their African ancestors They pass on their traditions from one generation to the next
McAllen , Texas  CNN  For residents of this town just across the bridge from Mexico , it 's hard to understand how a Washington political fight could end up threatening the livelihood of people charged with securing the border . "  What incentive do they have to keep protecting us if they 're not getting paid ? " asked Cecilia De La Cruz as she sat at a coffee shop with a friend . "  It is troubling . " The latest example of congressional dysfunction has real world implications here , where thousands of agents monitor the U.S. border with Mexico . The agents , along with other employees vital to national security such as TSA screeners , will have to show up to work without being paid if Congress misses a Friday deadline to keep the Department of Homeland Security funded . Thousands of other agency workers will be furloughed . The employees are caught up in a fight over immigration policy . Republicans want to tie funding for the department to legislation that would roll back President Barack Obama 's immigration executive orders -- a nonstarter for Democrats . The battle reached a fevered pitch last week when Congress narrowly missed a deadline to avoid a partial DHS shutdown , giving themselves an extension until March 6 to broker a deal . Speaker John Boehner could try to avert another showdown by holding a vote as early as Tuesday on a DHS bill that does n't touch Obama 's immigration order . But the political intrigue is n't registering for some residents here . Angelea Remorin , a nurse who works nights at a hospital , said she was n't concerned yet because she had n't read or heard anything about the potential shutdown . "  Me , personally , I peek into the news every now and then , but it 's things like ISIS , you know , those big headline things , that I look at on the news , " she said . "  None of my friends have been talking about  the shutdown  , and I have n't been keeping up with it . " At the coffee shop with De La Cruz , Ronaldo Delacruz said he 'd heard of the potential shutdown but did n't feel unsafe . "  I do n't know what 's going to necessarily happen to the department itself , " Delacruz said . "  I do n't know how that 's going to affect the protection of the border or border patrol , but I guess we 're going to find out . " Marco Solis said he was mad after hearing that Congress agreed to keep DHS running for only a few days . He said he wonders why lawmakers do n't realize how their decisions affect local areas . "  They 're a bunch of incompetent men who just ca n't figure it out , " he said . "  And I know not all of them are men , but say predominantly , old white men screwing up this country . " Local employees of the Department of Homeland Security stationed along the border said they were n't allowed to speak to newsgroups on the record because of orders directly from Washington . But speaking without attribution , they did express frustration with Congress for defunding their department in 2013 as part of the broader government shutdown and possibly again later this week if a longer term funding bill is n't passed . The agents argued they have families to feed and mortgages to pay , just like anyone else . Chris Cabrera , the vice president of the Local 3307 National Border Patrol Council , a union for border agents , echoed those sentiments . He said that in the McAllen area , about 2,000 agents would be affected by this funding bill . He said the problem is in Washington , where Congress wo n't feel the direct effect of a possible funding gap . As a border patrol agent for 13 years who also felt the effect of the 2013 shutdown , he remembers how it went down last time . "  It 's pretty much out of our hands " he said . "  The sad part is that we 're the football in this political game , and we 're just caught in the middle getting tossed around while somebody is trying to push their own agenda , one way or the other . " In the meantime , he said he 's working with local agents to help them send letters to their mortgage companies to alert them of the possible problems because most of them are considered essential personnel and will have to continue working without a paycheck . For now , he said that 's all that the union can do to help . "  At some point , people will jump ship , " he said . "  I do n't think there 's going to be a rush for the door , but we will have some people that are gon na say ` Enough is enough . This is twice in two years , and I 'm done with this . ' " If a shutdown were to happen later this week , Cabrera said that nonessential personnel , such as administration positions in the department , would not report to work . Agents would continue to work securing the border , but depending on how long the shutdown lasts , they 'd eventually have to work in some of the administrative positions as well to make up for employees who were furloughed . "  Most likely what will happen is that they 'll have to pull agents who do frontline work , processing work , or stuff in the station , " he said . "  They 're going to have to backfill them -- you know somebody has to answer the phones at the front of the building . " He added that he believes the cartels in Mexico are keeping up with American news so that they can take advantage in case DHS does shut down . "  They know , " Cabrera said about anyone across the border hoping to bring people or drugs . "  They scout us when our shift changes . They know everything that 's coming along . And when they see stuff like this , when it hits the media , they start mobilizing . " McAllen Mayor Jim Darling agreed and said he believes cartels and gangs are more tuned in about what 's going on in Washington than his own constituents . "  I would think there 's Gulf Cartel guys listening to Washington right now , " he said . "  If they think there 's a porous border , they 're going to come and make some money . " Darling says that Washington 's actions have a "  ripple effect " across the country , of which they should be more aware and considerate . "  I do n't know about you , but I seriously doubt a congressman can go without a paycheck , " he said . "  It 's a bipartisan problem , and they have to come up with a bipartisan solution , and they 're not . "	The political battle in Washington has real economic implications for McAllen , Texas The border town is home to people who depend on their paychecks from their Homeland Security jobs
CNN  -- Malala Yousafzai was glad to hear that her long ordeal of surgeries will soon be over . Just two more to go , doctors in Britain say . Hopefully . She will receive a titanium plate in the coming days , to cover an opening in her skull , and an inner ear implant . Read more : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery A gunman shot the teenage activist in the head and neck in October as she rode home from school in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . Islamist extremists from Tehrik-e-Taliban intended to kill her for taking a stand for the right of girls to get an education . The terrorists have said they will target her again . Read more : Malala , others on front lines in fight for women The 15-year-old 's brain swelled dangerously days after the shooting , so doctors in Pakistan extracted a section of her skull about the size of a hand . Otherwise , the pressure in her cranium would have caused severe brain damage , likely killing her . "  There is no doubt that the surgery performed in Pakistan was life-saving , " Dr. Dave Rosser , medical director of the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham , UK , said Wednesday at a news conference . Malala has made impressive strides and faced her medical treatment with bravery , Rosser said . "  She 's very lively . She 's got a great sense of humor , " he said . She is aware of her high profile in the world and what that could mean for her safety . "  She remains incredibly cheerful , incredibly determined and incredibly determined to speak for her cause , " Rosser said . Photos : Malala and the women of Pakistan With the patch of skull missing , Malala is limited in what she can do . Her brain is vulnerable to injury , if she bumps her head in the wrong way . Only her skin and soft cranial tissues stand between the outside world and her brain , and that 's not enough . Doctors could have covered the breach with the original piece of her skull , which she has carried under her skin since October , where a surgeon in Pakistan implanted it for safe keeping . That 's a common procedure to preserve bone fragments for later use , Rosser said . Girls + education : Your story But her own skull section would have no longer fit properly without the addition of some titanium parts , as her head and the bone fragment have changed . Titanium also has a low incidence of infection and can be handcrafted to near perfection , doctors told her . "  It was Malala 's final decision , " Rosser said . She picked the titanium plate . She will also receive a cochlear implant to restore hearing to her left ear , in which she is currently deaf . The gunfire broke the delicate bones that help turn sound into sensory impulses to the brain . The device will not allow her to hear completely naturally but will restore enough function to the damaged ear to allow her to hear in three dimensions , which is important for safety . It will allow her , for example , to hear an approaching car , Rosser said . Watch ` Girl Rising ' : 9 girls ' quest for education Malala also recently had surgery to reroute a facial nerve that was damaged in the attempt on her life , leaving part the left side of her mouth listless . "  There is a very good chance after this procedure that within a year to 18 months , this will completely recover , " Rosser said . She will then hopefully regain her old smile . To make the titanium plate , prosthesis maker Stefan Edmondson had the section of Malala 's skull with the gap in it reproduced by an object printer . Then he patched the hole with wax and carved it to fit the shape of her head , Edmondson said , and he used the wax section to give the titanium its form . As for the skull fragment she has carried inside her since that emergency surgery in Pakistan : "  The bone will be removed from under the skin in her stomach and cleaned up and sterilized and given to Malala , " Rosser said . She wants to keep it as a remembrance .	Malala chose the titanium over her own bone fragment Doctors in Pakistan had removed the fragment to save her life , when her brain swelled Hospital official : Malala has a great sense of humor The Pakistani Taliban tried to kill her for standing up for girls ' right to an education
CNN  -- Poultry firm Venky 's have become the first ever Indian owners of an English Premier League club after they completed a $ 36 million takeover of Blackburn Rovers . The deal was confirmed on Rovers ' website Friday as the club 's board announced it had sold its 99.9 % shareholding to Venky 's London Limited , a newly formed company owned by the Rao family of India . Venky 's paid 17.17 pence  27 cents  a share and will now make an equivalent offer to the minority shareholders . They have a range of business interests in India and overseas but their flagship company is Venkateshwara Hatcheries Private Limited . The takeover ends Rovers ' long association with previous owner Jack Walker , who died in 2000 . He turned the club into a top flight force , culminating in their Premiership title victory under Kenny Dalglish in the 1994/95 season . Walker established a trust in his own name to take over the running of the club after his death but the sale has now allowed an Indian firm to make their Premier League debut . Paul Egerton-Vernon , Chairman of the Jack Walker Settlement Trustees , told the club 's website : "  We are very pleased to be passing on the Rovers to the Rao family . "  We have been impressed with their enthusiasm for the club and their plans and ideas for future investment to develop it further as well as their wish and commitment to preserve the legacy of Jack Walker . "  Over the last 10 years , the global appeal of the Premier League has grown significantly and it is only natural that , as we have seen at other clubs , international ownership and investment should increase . " Anuradha J Desai , the Chairperson of Venky 's , said : "  We are delighted , proud and humbled to be associated with Blackburn Rovers , a team with whom we share many values and ambitions . "  Going forward we plan to focus on leveraging the global influence in establishing Blackburn Rovers as a truly global brand . We will absolutely respect the Jack Walker legacy and will be actively supporting the organization to ensure that Blackburn Rovers remains one of the best run clubs within the Premier League . "  Blackburn Rovers is an historic institution that has won the Premier League and we want the fans to embrace us so that we are able to do our best in the interests of the club . "	Indian poultry firm Venky 's complete a takeover of Blackburn Rovers English club become first in the Premier League 's history to have Indian owners The deal ends the late Jack Walker 's long association with the club
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's High Court ordered the immediate release Tuesday of six former army officers accused of plotting to topple President Robert Mugabe . The alleged coup plotters have been in prison since 2007 , despite several attempts by their lawyers to have them released . Treason carries a death sentence in Zimbabwe . After reading a seven-page ruling , Justice Yunus Omerjee said it was apparent that the defendants should not have been commuted to custody and he said a declaratory order will be issued to that effect . Justice Joseph Musakwa concurred . In July , the High Court dismissed the case because the alleged coup plotters had not been brought to court for trial within six months , as required by law . State prosecutors responded by re-indicting them . The defendants appealed to the High Court to throw out the re-indictment . The man accused of being the ringleader of the alleged coup plot , Albert Matapo , was arrested in 2007 , as were six other suspects : Nyasha Zivuku , Oncemore Mazivahona , Emmanuel Marara , Patson Mupfure , Shingirai Mutemachani and Rangarirai Maziofa . They were accused of plotting to violently topple Mugabe and replace him with the country 's defense minister , Emerson Mnangagwa . The suspects denied the allegations against them , and one was later released . Their attorneys said if the state wished to pursue the matter , their clients would not be detained . It was not immediately clear what action the state would take .	The men were accused of planning a coup in 2007 The High Court ordered them released They allegedly wanted to replace Mugabe with the defense minister
CNN  -- As you walk through the Liberdade district of Sao Paulo , you could be forgiven for thinking you are in down-town Tokyo . Bright red torii gates of Shinto shrines line the streets , and myriad Asian restaurants and supermarkets display advertisements in Japanese characters . This is the center of the biggest Japanese immigrant community in the world . Over 1.8 million people of Japanese descent live in Brazil , 600,000 of them concentrated in Liberdade . First settlers arrived in 1908 , escaping poverty and unemployment in Japan , and were heading for the coffee plantations of Brazil 's south which were in pressing need of laborers after the abolition of slavery . They were housed in former slaves ' barracks where they slept on the floor , and suffered from illnesses new to them , like malaria , which they did n't know how to treat . They also had to adapt to a culture vastly different to their own . Read more : Managing Brazil 's growing economy But in spite of the initial hardship , the contribution Japanese immigrants made to Brazilian society has been far-reaching . Rikkyo University professor and author of several studies on Japanese immigration to Latin America Hiroaki Maruyama states that they introduced organized farming to the Amazon , where previously only hunter-gatherer system was practiced . They also started commercial cultivation of pepper , setting Brazil on the road of becoming the world 's fourth largest producer of the spice according to The International Pepper Community , an inter-governmental organization of pepper producing countries . Japanese influence was not limited to agriculture - early settlers popularized martial arts , helping create Brazilian jiu jitsu , and even the national drink , caipirinha , is sometimes mixed with Japanese rice wine instead of cachaca , creating a sakerinha . Read more : Brazil 's middle-class boom - but are they tempting a bust ? In the arts , Japanese Brazilian architect Ruy Ohtake designed some of Sao Paulo 's most iconic buildings , and renowned painter Manabu Mabe introduced Japanese zen sensibility to contemporary Brazilian art . Below CNN takes a look at three generations of Japanese immigrants who talk about how their heritage has shaped their lives in South America . "  I feel completely Brazilian " Kokei Uehara , 85 , was nine when his parents sent him to Brazil with his aunt and uncle to escape the looming threat of WW II in Japan . It would be more than 20 years before he would see his mother again and learn that his father died in the war . He said : " When I boarded the ship that would take me to Brazil , I was desperate . I saw my parents run along the dock and I wanted to go back down to them , but my uncle stopped me . That was the last time I saw my father . " As a child , Mr Uehara worked in the cotton fields during the day , and made an eight kilometer round trip on foot to school in the afternoon . "  I did n't understand a word of Portuguese , and when I did start speaking I had a thick Japanese accent , and I was teased . So I thought , I 'll work really hard and be the best " , he said . From Samba to carnival : Brazil 's thriving African culture Kokei Uehara went on to become a world renowned hydraulics engineer and UNESCO representative in Brazil , as well as Professor Emeritus at Sao Paulo University . He also participated in the building of some of the largest hydroelectric dams in Brazil . When it comes to defining his identity , Kokei Uehara he has no qualms : " I feel completely Brazilian , I was very young when I got here so I adapted to the culture easily . " I could n't identify with Japan Lidia Yamashita , 63 , is an architect and the vice-president of the Historic Museum of Japanese Immigration in Sao Paulo . She was born in Brazil , and grew up in a household where only Japanese was spoken . Her mother 's father was a dentist in Japan who was invited to come to Brazil by the immigrant community as they needed skilled medical practitioners . Her mother 's father was a shrine builder in Tokyo who lost most of his possessions in a fire , and decided to come to Brazil in search of a new life . She said : " Before I went to Japan , I thought of myself as completely Japanese , because my mother does n't speak Portuguese , and in my home we practiced a very Japanese way of living . "  But when I went to study at the Tokyo Metropolitan University I realized that I actually was n't Japanese , and could n't identify myself in their society . I saw that I think in a western manner , and I was very different from my roommates . " An even mix of two cultures Paula Kiyohara , 27 , is a fashion student and a third generation Japanese Brazilian who considers herself an even mix of the two cultures . She says : "  The easy going part of my nature is Brazilian , but my values and attitudes , like respect for ancestors , is Japanese . Lost continent discovered underwater ? One of the main differences in cultures is that Japanese people do n't like disturbing anyone - If my mother hears me playing loud music in my room she will tell me to turn it down so I do n't bother the neighbors , but if it were a Brazilian person they would play it louder so that their neighbor can enjoy too . " Paula 's family speaks a mix of Japanese and Portuguese at home , a cultural fusion which has infiltrated their cooking style too . She says : " I eat Japanese rice with Brazilian beans and meat , and when we have family gatherings we will make sushi with churrasco  Brazilian grilled meat  instead of fish . " Her parents ' story mirrors the resilience of many Japanese immigrants -- her father left his home town for Sao Paulo at 14 , where he worked during the day and studied at night . And at the age of seven her mother would wake up at 2am to help out at a vegetable stall . Today , Paula 's parents own their own accountancy firm . She is immensely proud of her Japanese heritage , but says with a smile : " I am thankful to my grandparents for coming to Brazil . I like being Brazilian ! " Sofia Fernandes contributed to this report .	Brazil is home to 1.8 million people of Japanese descent It is the largest diaspora community outside of Japan They first came to Brazil in 1908 to work as laborers on coffee plantations However most gained an education and relative wealth within one generation
CNN  -- They are here practically every day . Anti-abortion protesters set up their signs outside the Jackson Women 's Health Organization and regularly preach their beliefs to anyone who will listen . They pray the clinic will close . Their prayers may soon be answered . Clinic owners are in a fight to save the only abortion clinic operating in the state of Mississippi . New state requirements may close their doors forever , making Mississippi the first abortion-free state . "  I want to say over my dead body , but I 'm afraid , " said clinic owner and president Diane Derzis . "  We 're going to do whatever it takes to keep servicing the women of Mississippi , " she said . A state law that takes effect Sunday requires all of a clinic 's abortion providers to be certified OB/GYN 's , and all of them must have privileges at a local hospital . July 1 brings new , sometimes quirky laws "  I think the intent is to make sure that women who are receiving these abortions are receiving abortions by a professional physician who is certified , " said state Rep. Sam Mims , who sponsored the legislation . "  If something goes wrong , which it might -- we hope it does n't , but it could -- that physician could follow the patient to a local hospital . That 's the intent . And what happens afterwards , we 'll have to see what happens , " he told CNN . Mississippi has been one of the toughest states on the abortion rights movement . The state already has laws requiring a 24-hour waiting period , as well as parental consent if the patient seeking an abortion is a minor . "  All of that is wrapped in that cloak of conservative religion , " said W. Martin Wiseman , director of the Stennis Institute of Government at Mississippi State University . "  You 'll find very few legislators , regardless of whether they are white , black , Democrat or Republican who will say , ` I 'm pro-abortion , ' " Wiseman said . Gov. Phil Bryant signed the bill with the new requirements into law in April after the Republican-dominated legislature overwhelmingly passed it . "  It 's historic . Today you see the first step in a movement , I believe , to do what we campaigned on -- to say that we 're going to try to end abortion in Mississippi , " Bryant said at the bill-signing event . Bryant signs bill tightening restrictions on abortion providers The clinic says it is trying to comply . All of its doctors are OB/GYNs who travel in from other states . But only one can practice at a local hospital . The new law states that all doctors in a clinic must have hospital privileges . Officials at the Jackson clinic say they 're trying to gain privileges at Jackson-area hospitals but that the cumbersome process and red tape has forced them to file suit . They 've gone to federal court to try to get an injunction that would allow them to stay open while they fight the new law . The court has not yet ruled on their motion . The Mississippi Department of Health says it will inspect the clinic on Monday for compliance . If the clinic can not meet the new state law requirements , then it will have the right to appeal and begin an administrative process that could take several months . But , Derzis says , employees would be subject to arrest and fines of up to $ 2,000 a day if the clinic stays open . So , it would essentially be forced to close . "  It 's an absolute tragedy , " Derzis said . "  No one wants to talk about abortion . No one wants to think about abortion until they 're there , " she said . "  There are three reasons you have an abortion : Rape , incest and ` mine . ' I hear that all the time : ` You know , I do n't believe in abortion , but , now it 's my kid , ' " she told CNN 's George Howell . Mississippi voters reject anti-abortion initiative But the law 's sponsor says the law is about having the proper license to operate , and if that law closes the only abortion clinic in the state , then so be it . "  I 'm very pro-life , Mims said . "  I believe life begins at conception . And I think a lot of Mississippians do , as well . If this legislation causes less abortions , then that 's a good thing . " Derzis believes that this was the real intent of the newly elected Republican majority -- to end abortion in the state , not to improve women 's health care . "  I love that it 's white , old men , making those statements , " she said . "  We 've been able to be with women at a time in their lives where they are in crisis , when they need to have something done and need that support . That 's why it has to be available . It has to be , " she said . "  This is not about safety . This is about politics . Politics do not need to be in our uterus . "	State law that goes into effect Sunday could close Mississippi 's only abortion clinic Law requires those who perform abortions to have privileges at a local hospital Owner of state 's sole abortion clinic says law is meant to ban abortion Sponsor of bill says purpose is to protect women 's health
CNN  -- Is Orbitz trying to get Mac users to book higher-priced hotels ? The travel website 's CEO says that 's not exactly the case . But that 's how many Mac users are feeling after the Wall Street Journal reported Tuesday that Orbitz was steering Mac users toward higher-priced hotels than PC users , based on spending habits discovered by one of the site 's algorithms . CEO Barney Harford told CNN that Orbitz recommendation results are part of an attempt to pair customers with the hotel they 'd probably pick . In this case , Orbitz will offer recommendations based on what other PC or other Mac users selected as their final hotel , on the assumption that spending habits are the same , he said . "  What we have found is ... that Mac users are 40 % more likely to book four - or five-star hotels than PC users , " Harford said . "  That lines up with  the fact that  Mac users are typically more willing to spend more money on higher-end computers . " In the Wall Street Journal story , Orbitz engineers said they were experimenting with predictive analytics based on users ' computers , which resulted in Mac users being served up a different set of results -- often with a bigger price tag . And boy , did that anger some Mac users . Once the Journal story hit , many people took to Twitter in a fury , saying that just because they shelled out money for a MacBook does n't mean they do n't want a good deal on a hotel . Others argued that buying a pricier computer would leave them less money for a vacation and make them more inclined to seek travel deals . They argued that what Orbitz is doing is unfair and that it is forcing Mac users to take longer or dig deeper for a deal . Meanwhile , rival travel sites Expedia , Priceline and Travelocity capitalized on the furor to insist that they do n't use similar algorithms based on what type of computer their customers employ . Mac vs. PC : The stereotypes may be true Online marketers have long culled information about users in order to better target ads . And studies show that consumers are indeed targeted in different ways based on their devices . You may see different promoted products on many sites depending on whether you 're using a mobile app or a desktop . Marketing analysts , reacting to the Orbitz story , say the thinking is that if you 're willing to shell out extra money for an iPad or MacBook , you may have more disposable income . They believe that Orbitz may be trying to skew their results for Mac users based on this perception . Orbitz , on the other hand , says it 's trying to provide Mac users with the best hotel recommendations based on what other Mac users are choosing . Orbitz data show that Mac users are likely to spend $ 20 more a night on a hotel than PC users , on average , Harford said . Harford said his company is in no way charging Mac users more for the same hotel as PC users . "  That would be absolute nonsense , " he told CNN . Harford said customers can always ignore the recommended options and search specifically by price . "  Our goal though is to use technology to learn from the millions who search our website every day , every week , every month , to make the consumer experience better . We are really excited about the potential to use this wisdom ... to make travel better for consumers , " he said . "  This is just one of myriad examples of how we 're making the site more customized . "	Orbitz CEO : Company tries to display search results that pair consumer with best choice Wall Street Journal article said Mac users were steered toward pricier hotels CEO says Orbitz has found that Mac users generally prefer a nicer hotel Orbitz experiment is not about making Mac users pay more , CEO says
Atletico Madrid upset European champions Inter Milan to secure the UEFA Super Cup in Monaco . Goals from Jose Reyes and Sergio Aguero handed the Europa League winners a healthy advantage before Inter 's Argentina striker Diego Milito missed a late penalty . It signaled defeat for new Inter coach Rafael Benitez in his first competitive fixture , after taking over from Jose Mourinho , who joined Spanish club Real Madrid . Inter had the better of the opening half with Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder going close from a tight angle . But in the second half , Atletico posed more problems of Inter 's defence and they deservedly took the lead when Reyes ' shot squeezed past keeper Julio Cesar at the near post . As Inter pressed for an equalizer , Atletico doubled their advantage when Sergio Aguero turned home Simao 's left wing cross . There was still time for Atletico keeper David De Gea to save Diego Milto 's penalty in the final minute . Elsewhere , newly-promoted Kaiserslautern shocked German champions Bayern Munich with a 2-0 win in the Bundesliga . Two goals in as many minutes from Ivo Ilicevic and Srdjan Lakic gave the home side the advantage just after the half hour mark . Despite fielding a host of World Cup stars , including Franck Ribery , Thomas Muller , Bastian Schweinsteiger and Mark Van Bommel , Bayern could n't find a way back into the game . Goalscorer Ilicevic was sent off in the closing stages for a second bookable offence but Kaiserslautern held on to win their second game in a row and climb to the top of the table .	Atletico Madrid lift the European Super Cup by beating Inter Milan 2-0 Jose Reyes and Sergio Aguero score for the Europa League holders Rafael Benitez loses his first competitive game in charge of Inter German champions Bayern Munich are beaten by newly-promoted Kaiserslautern
Las Vegas , Nevada  CNN  -- Principal Sherrie Gahn said she was shocked when she first came to Whitney Elementary School seven years ago . "  The kids were eating ketchup packets , " Gahn said . "  I said to one of my teachers , ` What on Earth are they doing ? ' and she said , ` That 's their dinner . ' " Whitney Elementary is in a dusty , rundown neighborhood of Las Vegas known as the Boulder Strip . The main drag , the Boulder Highway , is lined with pawn shops and low-rent motels . Families here live at the edge of financial disaster . Gahn estimates that 75 percent of her 622 students have experienced homelessness or are in danger of becoming homeless . "  There are pockets of Vegas that were bad , " Gahn said , "  but it 's gotten 10 times worse with the recession . " Under Gahn 's leadership , Whitney Elementary has become the chief lifeline for its students and their families . In addition to the regular lunch program for needy kids , the school operates a food bank . Hundreds of students are sent home each Friday with food supplies to keep their families fed through the weekend . "  If we did n't have the food services , there would be a lot of hungry kids out there , " said Kim Butterfield , a homeless advocate who works at the school . Butterfield also organizes a clothing pantry in one of the school 's spare classrooms . The school provides an entire winter wardrobe to students in need of clothing . The school 's efforts do n't stop there . Gahn tries to provide whatever her students need , whether it 's a dental appointment or a haircut . "  There is not an agency in Las Vegas that can actually take care of the number of homeless and poverty-stricken children that I have at this school , " Gahn said . "  So the only course of action I could take was to become self-sufficient . " Over the years , Gahn has built up a network of donors that supply money , goods and services . She relies on grateful parents who volunteer at the school . Watch chefs whip up a special meal for the kids Volunteer Shirley Hernandez has two grandchildren at Whitney and has seen desperate straits . "  Last year we did n't have Christmas , " she said . "  They gave us Christmas . " The school also paid past-due utility bills to keep the family 's water from being turned off . Hernandez is at the school most mornings , helping to fill food baskets , assisting kids who need clothes or helping out any way she can . She said she gives back because "  they helped us a lot . " Every teacher at Whitney has a story . For kindergarten teacher Michelle Olson it 's the 5-year-old girl who kept falling asleep in class . "  She was getting up throughout the night to feed and diaper her baby sister , " Olson said . Watch one Las Vegas family 's plight It may seem like a lot for an elementary school to take on , but Gahn said she has no choice . "  My goal here is to take away some of their survival needs , " she said . "  Then they can come to school and feel safe and learn . " Whitney is not alone . A recent survey of elementary school teachers found that two-thirds of teachers reported spending money out of their pockets to help feed hungry students . The same survey , conducted by anti-hunger organization Share Our Strength , found that 17 million children in the United States are at risk of going hungry this year . Whitney Elementary demands a lot in return for the special attention . Gahn said she believes her students deserve rigorous classroom instruction and the efforts are showing results . In the seven years that Gahn has been principal at Whitney , students have doubled their proficiency scores on standardized reading tests . "  They have food in their bellies that they would not have had , they have clothes on their back they would n't have had and for the first time someone believes in them . It 's beyond food and clothing , " she said . "  It 's helping them understand there are people in the community that love them and will nourish them . We want to help them create a new norm . We do n't want poverty and homelessness to define who they are . "	Principal : About 75 percent of kids have been homeless or are in danger School operates a food bank for families , also chips in with clothes , haircuts , bills Sleepy 5-year-old tasked with feeding , changing baby sister during night , teacher says Standardized test scores on rise as Las Vegas school works to "  create a new norm "
CNN  -- A day after three Connecticut asset managers claimed the largest Powerball jackpot in the state 's history , a public relations executive acting on their behalf issued a statement denying there was a fourth participant who wanted to remain anonymous . Throughout the day Monday there had been published reports that the three men who appeared with the winning check were only collecting on behalf of a client of their investment firm . "  While there has been much speculation and quite a bit of misinformation over the last 24 hours , this Trust , with its three trustees , has been established to manage the winnings in the most practical and expedient way possible so that we can achieve our strategic goal of helping those who can best benefit from these funds , " said public relations executive Gary Lewi . "  And to be clear , there are a total of three trustees and there is no anonymous fourth participant . " The statement goes on to say that the financial advisers will set up a trust that will have as its focus -- among other things -- care for U.S. veterans and those returning home from deployment . Within 10 days the trust will distribute $ 1 million to selected veterans relief organizations within the tri-state region , Lewi said . Co-workers Tim Davidson , Brandon Lacoff and Greg Skidmore claimed the prize from the November 2 drawing , which netted them more than $ 100 million , at a presentation by the Connecticut Lottery Corp. . Ranjit Singh , the manager of the Stamford BP gas station where the winning ticket was purchased , told CNN 's Mary Snow that he is sure it was Tim Davidson who purchased the ticket . "  I do recognize him , I can not forget the face . " Singh also said he remembers that he pushed Davidson to buy a ticket . The jackpot was $ 254 million , had the winners taken a multiyear payout . They opted instead for a one-time cash payout that totaled $ 103.6 million after taxes , according to Connecticut Lottery spokeswoman Linda Tarnowski . It was the 12th-largest jackpot in Powerball history , according to Anne Noble , president of the Connecticut Lottery . "  Everybody is extremely excited -- these numbers are huge , " said the trio 's attorney , Jason Kurland . "  This is going to benefit many people . " Kurland spoke on behalf of three winners , all asset managers at start-up firm Belpointe Asset Management in Greenwich , Connecticut . He said that the men will donate "  a significant amount " of the winnings to charities in the state . Davidson bought the $ 1 ticket at a gas station in Stamford , Kurland said . After realizing they had a winning ticket the following morning , the three co-workers formed the Putnam Avenue Family Trust , each becoming a trustee . "  They have become their dream client , " Kurland said . Skidmore was the only one of the three winners to speak at Monday 's press conference . "  It feels good , " he said . CNN 's Mary Snow and Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	The three winners did n't represent a secretive client , a spokesman says in a statement Winners set up a trust fund mainly to benefit veterans causes , spokesman says $ 1 million will be distributed to selected groups in the next 10 days , says Gary Lewi The $ 254 million Powerball jackpot was the largest ever to be won in Connecticut
CNN  -- An Australian promotional poster for Michael Bay 's "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " movie has resulted in the wrong kind of publicity . On Tuesday , Paramount Pictures Australia tweeted its official ad for the live-action "  TMNT , " which promoted its September 11 release date in Australia along with an image of the four warrior turtles falling from a building with an explosion in the background . The film is set in New York City . As BuzzFeed reports , Paramount deleted the tweet , but not before some users caught it and called it insensitive . "  WHO thought that poster would be a good idea considering date ?? " tweeted one observer . "  Or did they just think no one would notice or indeed care ? #TMNT . " In the end , Paramount followed up on its deleted tweet with an apology . "  We are deeply sorry to have used that artwork for the marketing materials promoting the September 11 opening in Australia , " Tom Roache , the head of publicity for Paramount Pictures Australia , said in a statement . "  Combining that image and date was a mistake . We intended no offense and have taken immediate action to discontinue its use . " Stateside , "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , " which is directed by Jonathan Liebesman and stars Megan Fox and Will Arnett , is scheduled to open August 8 . CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	A poster for the Australian release of "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " drew criticism It featured the turtles falling from a building and the September 11 release date Paramount has apologized for the poster
CNN  -- South African mining giant Anglo-American Platinum said Friday that it has fired about 12,000 striking workers who declined to attend disciplinary hearings . Workers at the company 's Rustenburg , South Africa , mine have been on strike for three weeks . The company called for disciplinary hearings for the strikers , and those who attended were informed of the outcomes Friday . Those who did not attend were fired , the company said . "  Despite the company 's repeated calls for employees to return to work , we have continued to experience attendance levels of less than 20 % . Currently four of the company 's mining operations in the Rustenburg area have insufficient staff to operate and only essential services are being carried out at those mines , " Anglo-American Platinum said in a statement . Ronald Lamola , deputy president of the the ruling African National Congress  ANC  Youth League , criticized the move and said the parties could have reached an alternative solution . "  What they have done is extremely unreasonable and can not be accepted , " he said , stressing that many more than 12,000 people are dependent on those incomes . "  We have been trying to assist workers because we believe a solution can still be reached . The workers are devastated , " said Lamola . Tensions at mining operations in South Africa are high following a strike that turned deadly at the Lonmin-owned Marikana platinum mine in the nation 's northwest . Police opened fire on demonstrators there in August , killing 34 workers . An additional 10 people , including two police officers , died in incidents in the Marikana area in the days before . South African authorities at first charged 270 miners with murder before dropping the charges , pending further investigation . Workers at the mine ended their weeks-long strike last month after accepting a pay increase of up to 22 % . The Anglo-American Platinum mine was also the site of violence Thursday . South African police clashed with 100 to 150 protesters who tried to gather at a mountain near the mine , police spokesman Brig. Thulani Ngubane said . The protesters may have included striking miners , strike sympathizers and local residents , he said . The gathering was not authorized by authorities , and police used force , including water cannons , tear gas and rubber bullets after the crowd refused to disperse , Ngubane said . North West Provincial Government Premier Thandi Modise expressed concern about the recent violence and called for "  urgent interventions . " "  We are extremely worried that violence is once again rearing its ugly head and spilling over to local businesses and people who are not party to the labor dispute . Wage negotiations should not be characterized by violence , " he said . "  The price that we all paid in Marikana was too costly . Sanity has to prevail for an urgent solution to be found to avert further violent confrontations that might have dire repercussions for the mining sector and the economy . " CNN 's Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The workers are devastated , " says the ANC Youth League deputy president Thousands of Anglo-American Platinum mine workers have been striking for three weeks They were called in for disciplinary hearings Those who did n't attend were fired
Remember when vitamin C was hailed as the best , and maybe only , cold remedy ? Then it became the Rodney Dangerfield of vitamins : It did n't get any respect . Citrus and other sources of Vitamin C can help fend off cancer , strokes and Alzheimer 's disease . The nutrient 's glory days of curing scurvy-riddled sailors via juicy citrus fruit seemed to be the only thing keeping its reputation afloat , particularly after a massive research review found C to be virtually useless for fighting colds . But do n't believe it . The truth is that scientists have taken a fresh look at C -- and have found lots of new ways it can help you stay healthy and look and feel younger . Here 's the latest on what C can really do for you . Prevent wrinkles You ca n't pick up a beauty product these days without the label touting its antioxidants . There 's a good reason : Antioxidants -- like vitamin C -- help turn back the clock . An October 2007 study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that people who ate foods rich in vitamin C had fewer wrinkles and less age-related dry skin than those whose diets contained only small amounts of the vitamin . C helps form collagen , which smooths fine lines and wrinkles , according to Patricia Farris , MD , clinical assistant professor of dermatology at Tulane University in New Orleans . The key seems to be C 's ability to fight free radicals , a by-product of cell metabolism in your body . Free radicals are thought to attack proteins , fats , and DNA and break down collagen . C also seems to guard against ultraviolet rays from the sun , which can lead to freckles and a mottled complexion . "  Vitamin C does some repair and firming on the skin , " Farris says . Health.com : Can you guess her age ? What to do now : Use a topical vitamin C treatment daily after you wash your face and before you slather on moisturizer or sunscreen so it penetrates the skin . Farris recommends La Roche-Posay Active C facial moisturizer or SkinCeuticals C E Ferulic topical antioxidant treatment . Protect your heart Experts continue to argue about whether antioxidants like vitamin C can prevent heart disease . But some of the evidence is highly persuasive . When Finnish researchers looked at studies involving nearly 300,000 people over 10 years , they found that taking more than 700 milligrams of C supplements daily reduced the risk of cardiovascular disease by 25 percent . And a recent study from Harvard University researchers hints that women who take a combo of 500 milligrams of vitamin C daily and 600 IU of vitamin E  another antioxidant  can cut their risk of stroke by 30 percent . It 's possible that people who take vitamin supplements simply have healthier lifestyles than those who do n't , which could explain this finding . It 's also possible , experts say , that C enhances the functioning of endothelial cells  which line the inside of all blood vessels  , slowing artery clogging and lowering blood pressure . What to do now : Eat a lot of fruits and vegetables , which are full of vitamin C as well as other healthy nutrients , and consider taking C and E supplements . Experts say there are essentially no risks , but first check with your doctor . Health.com : Get your C 's here Keep cancer at bay A diet full of vitamin C -- rich fruits and vegetables is n't just good for your heart , it may also lower your risks of bladder , esophagus , stomach , and lung cancers . Even though more research is needed to find out which compounds in fruits and veggies do the trick , researchers say the association is strong . Someday , C may also be used to treat cancer . High levels of C given intravenously seem to be toxic to cancer cells  studies on vitamin C taken orally showed no effect on cancerous cells  . Intravenous C appears to trigger the formation of hydrogen peroxide , which kills some cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unharmed , says lead study author Mark Levine , MD , chief of the molecular and clinical nutrition section and senior staff physician at the National Institutes of Health . Levine says doctors at the University of Kansas Medical School and Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia are trying this therapy on cancer patients . What to do now : "  Strive for five or more fruits and vegetables daily , in a rainbow of colors , " Levine says . "  It 's where the most benefit is . Health.com : CAn C fight off a cold ? Boost brain power Pairing vitamins C and E is smart for another reason : It may lessen your Alzheimer 's risks by as much as 64 percent , according to research in the Archives of Neurology . Just 500 milligrams of C and 400 IU of E appear to be enough . The brain 's high fat content makes it especially vulnerable to free radicals , but these antioxidants may act as shields , says study author Peter Zandi , PhD , an assistant professor at Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health . "  Some studies suggest that vitamin E does its job reducing free radicals in the body , but then its capacity is depleted , " Zandi says . "  Vitamin C may recharge E. " Health.com : The best multivitamin for you What to do now : Try taking C and E supplements , and talk to your doc about your risks for Alzheimer 's and dementia . Save your eyesight Vitamin C ca n't prevent the need for reading glasses around age 45 . But anti-oxidants , including C , help prevent one of the leading causes of blindness : age-related macular degeneration  AMD  . More than 3.5 million Americans are thought to be in the early stages , and the disease strikes more women than men . A major clinical trial sponsored by the National Eye Institute showed that a daily supplement of 500 milligrams of vitamin C , 400 IU of vitamin E , 15 milligrams of beta-carotene , 80 milligrams of zinc , and 2 milligrams of copper reduced the risk of moderate or severe AMD-related vision loss by up to 25 percent . The antioxidants neutralize damage to the retina caused by , you guessed it , free radicals . What to do now : If you 're at high risk for AMD  you 're overweight or have a family history  , check to see if your multi-vitamin contains the study 's amounts of C , E , beta-carotene/vitamin A , zinc , and copper . Chances are , its C and E levels fall short , but additional supplements will do the job .  Caveat : Do n't follow this advice if you smoke ; this level of beta-carotene may up your lung-cancer risks . Help you live longer You 've probably heard that green tea boosts the body 's defenses against toxins . That 's important because toxins are thought to contribute to cancer , heart attack , stroke , and lots of other maladies . In fact , one to two cups a day may reduce a woman 's risk of dying by about 20 per-cent , Japanese researchers say . What 's the vitamin C connection ? Citrus juices  lemon , lime , orange  may supercharge the immunity-boosting power of green tea . A new Purdue University study found that mixing citrus juice with green tea allowed 80 percent of the tea 's anti-oxidants to stick around after simulated digestion , making the pairing healthier than thought , says study author Mario G. Ferruzzi , PhD , assistant professor in Purdue 's department of food and nutrition . What to do now : Add at least an ounce of citrus juice to your green tea -- or try Tazo Lemon Green iced tea or SoBe Green Tea 3G . Both drinks are stocked with vitamin C. E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Vitamin C helps form collagen , which helps smooth wrinkles Women taking Vitamin C and E can cut their risk of having a stroke Adding citrus to green tea can increase its immune-boosting power Pairing Vitamin C and E can lessen risk of Alzheimer 's by 64
East Coasters , if intense rains and strong winds ruin your Fourth of July holiday , you will have Arthur to blame . That 's the name of the first named storm of the 2014 Atlantic hurricane season . Arthur is now churning off the coast of eastern Florida . As of 8 p.m. Tuesday , the center of Tropical Storm Arthur was stalled about 90 miles east-southeast of Cape Canaveral , Florida , and 95 miles north-northwest of Freeport in the Bahamas . But Arthur is n't expected to remain stationary for long , with the National Hurricane Center predicting it will drift northwest before turning north on Wednesday . The system is expected to go east of northeast Florida sometime Wednesday , before moving north and possibly affecting the Outer Banks of North Carolina on Thursday night . By then , it may have changed to Hurricane Arthur , if it gets stronger , as forecasters expect . To reach that status , the storm must have sustained winds of at least 74 mph . Already on Tuesday , parts of eastern Florida , from Fort Pierce to Flagler Beach , were under a tropical storm watch given the possible combination of powerful winds and heavy rains . Grand Bahama Island saw sustained winds of 47 mph and a gust of 61 mph on Tuesday , according to the Miami-based hurricane center . Such winds may be the least of the worries for the Caribbean island chain , parts of which could end up drenched in 6 inches of rain through Wednesday . Arthur is expected to produce significant , but slightly less , rainfall in the United States . The hurricane center forecast calls for as much as 5 inches through Wednesday in Florida , with 1 - to 3-inch totals more likely . Other parts of the East Coast also are expected to be affected as the storm churns north . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said the fact that the Outer Banks , a string of barrier islands , is hard to get onto and off of may make the situation difficult for those who are planning to spend their July Fourth holiday there . The islands are low and rain could easily wash onto the roads , making them impassable even before the eye of the storm makes landfall , he said . All preparation for the storm should be done as soon as possible , he stressed . On Tuesday afternoon CNN affiliate WWAY in Wilmington , North Carolina , was asking its readers to take a survey measuring how concerned they are about Arthur . Will it make them "  batten down the hatches " or be just "  another day at the beach , " or does it matter , "  as long as it 's gone in time for fireworks " ? There 's also an option for "  do n't know/don ' t care . " Lee Nettles , the executive director of the Outer Banks Visitors Bureau , said his office has n't received any panicked or alarmed calls from anyone . "  You take every storm warning seriously , " he said . "  But , for the most part , folks are n't overly concerned . " After hitting the Carolinas , the system is likely to turn northeast , forecasters said . By then , it could drench cities like Washington , New York and Boston , But it 's unclear just how torrential the downpour might be or how it could affect Independence Day festivities , CNN 's Myers said . The good news is that none of the current National Weather Service forecasts for those three cities are predicting winds in excess of 10 mph through Thursday , at least . But there is a better than average chance that heavy rain could hit them all . Here 's a look at what you need to know about Independence Day	Tropical Storm Arthur is stationary off Florida ; expected to head up the coast later A tropical storm watch is in effect for parts of Florida 's eastern coast Arthur is expected to strengthen into a hurricane This is the first named storm in the Atlantic hurricane season
CNN  -- Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden has apparently released a new audio message calling for a jihad , or holy war , against Israel for its Gaza campaign . Osama bin Laden , in an undated photo , apparently taped a message calling for jihad against Israel . The 22-minute message contains "  an invitation " from bin Laden to take part in "  jihad to stop the aggression against Gaza . " The audio message was posted on a radical Islamist Web site that has posted other statements from bin Laden in the past . CNN could not independently confirm the authenticity of the message , but the speaker 's voice was similar to other recordings that bin Laden has made . While not naming President-elect Barack Obama , bin Laden refers to the future of the United States in the face of the current global economic crisis . Watch as experts discuss Osama message " " -LSB- America is -RSB- now drowning in a global financial crisis , " he said . "  They 're even begging all nations , small and large , for help . America is no longer feared by its enemies nor respected by its allies . "  The decline of the American power is one of the main reasons for Israel 's rushed and barbaric aggression on Gaza in a desperate attempt to take advantage of the last days of -LSB- President -RSB- Bush 's term in office . " He appears , however , to refer to Obama , saying "  Bush leaves his successor with the worst inheritance ... two long guerrilla wars and no options . He either withdraws and faces military defeat , or carries on and drowns his nation in financial trouble . " Watch Obama comment on bin Laden 's message " The message also names Vice President-elect Joe Biden . "  Here is Biden , the vice president of the president-elect ... -LSB- he -RSB- says that the crisis is bigger than they expected and that the American economy , all of it , is open to collapse , " bin Laden said . On December 20 , Biden said in an interview that the economy "  is in much worse shape than we thought it was in . " White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the message "  demonstrates -LSB- bin Laden 's -RSB- isolation and continued attempts to remain relevant at a time when al Qaeda 's ideology , mission and agenda are being questioned and challenged throughout the world . " He noted that the message also appears to be "  an effort to raise money as part of -LSB- al Qaeda 's -RSB- ongoing propaganda campaign . " "  The United States promotes an alternative , hopeful ideology while continuing to partner with over 90 countries to pursue terrorists wherever they are , " Johndroe said . The last time bin Laden released an audio message was in mid-May , timed to coincide with Israel 's 60th anniversary . That message urged his followers to liberate Palestine . Israel launched a military offensive in Gaza on December 27 to stop Hamas rocket strikes on southern Israel . The death toll in Gaza was nearing 1,000 on Wednesday , including more than 300 children , according to Palestinian medical sources . The Israeli toll stood at 13 , including three civilians , according to Israeli police and military officials . Bin Laden , who is about 51 , is the head of the al Qaeda terrorist network , which was responsible for the September 11 , 2001 , attack on the United States that killed 2,751 people . He 's been in hiding since the U.S. assault on Afghanistan that followed the 9/11 attacks . The U.S. government is offering a $ 25 million reward for information leading to his capture . President Bush , whose term ends next week , told CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday that he remains optimistic that bin Laden would be found . Asked by King , "  Are we ever going to find bin Laden ? " Bush replied : "  Yes , of course , absolutely . We 've got a lot of people out there looking for him , a lot of assets . You ca n't run forever . " The message is important to the incoming U.S. president because it signifies that bin Laden is still "  out there , " said Tim Roemer , a former Democratic congressman from Indiana who served on both the congressional and the presidential September 11 commissions . "  It 's a reminder of President-elect Obama 's inheritance of some of the difficult problems out there that he has to confront , " said Roemer , who is president of the Center for National Policy . "  Al Qaeda is trying to be relevant with this tape , " Roemer said . "  They seek competition with Hamas , Hezbollah , the ongoing battle between Israel and the Palestinians . ... "  This reminds us of what bin Laden said right after 9/11 . He said it was n't 19 Arab armies or 19 Arab states that attacked the United States . It was 19 post-graduate students . It reminds us how much the world has changed , and how many different threats are out there today . " CNN 's Octavia Nasr and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	White House says Web message shows bin Laden 's isolation Message says global economic crisis is reducing U.S. power in the world Audio message posted on radical Islamist Web urges jihad in Gaza 's defense Speaker 's voice was similar to recordings that bin Laden has made in the past
CNN  -- Canada is formally completing its fighting mission in Afghanistan this week , a move that marks the end of a robust combat presence centered in the dangerous and violent southern province of Kandahar . The Canadian military on Tuesday formally transferred its last district in the province to the United States , where the U.S. 3rd Battalion 21st Regiment took over from the Canadian 1st Battalion , Royal 22nd Regiment . On Thursday , Canadian Brig. Gen. Dean Milner will transfer command of NATO-led troops in Kandahar 's Panjwai and Dand districts to U.S. command . This transition comes as other countries make preparations for drawdowns and shifting to plans for non-combat missions in Afghanistan , such as training . U.S. President Barack Obama recently announced the withdrawal of 33,000 American troops by the end of next year . France announced that it would also begin to reduce troop numbers , saying it "  will initiate a progressive withdrawal of troops in Afghanistan , and will follow a timetable comparable to the withdrawal of the American troops . " One of more than 40 countries participating in NATO 's International Security Assistance Force with nearly 3,000 troops , Canada has lost more than 157 troops in the war , the third highest death toll after the United States and Britain . The grinding conflict has been frustrating for many Canadian citizens , frustrated by the mission 's casualties . Prime Minister Stephen Harper planned an end to the combat mission three years ago . Also , the government says , the "  incremental cost of the current mission in Afghanistan to the Government of Canada from 2001 to 2011 is currently estimated to be approximately $ 11.3 billion . " "  Through their operations there to cut off terror at its root , our men and women in uniform have made an enormous contribution to Canadian security abroad , " said Harper , in his reaction to the killing in May of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . A transition unit of about 1,500 soldiers will be "  packing and shipping all of our equipment , materiel and vehicles back to Canada " in the coming months , said Capt. Jennifer Stadnyk , spokeswoman at the Canadian Expeditionary Force Command in Ottawa , the Canadian capital . The plan is to have everything out and these troops home before Christmas , she said . In the future , training of Afghan security will be the focus . Up to 950 Canadian armed forces trainers and support personnel eventually will be based in Kabul until 2014 . The Canadians will be working alongside Americans , Brits , Australians and others in a countrywide training mission , Stadnyk said . Also , the government said , 45 members of civilian police forces will help mentor the Ministry of Interior and the Afghan National Police . "  What 's interesting about this is the direction we kind of laid out in 2008 is actually now where NATO as a whole has gone , and everybody now is increasingly moving towards 2014 , to moving towards training missions , giving the Afghans greater responsibility for their own security , " Harper said in an interview with Canada 's National Post newspaper last month . "  We will remain engaged on development and on diplomacy and on particular humanitarian issues , particularly the rights of women and children , education , these kinds of priorities . But we are looking for a military role to be a training role , a behind-the-wire role , and to make the Afghans responsible for their own country , and that 's where it 's headed . "	Canada lost 157 troops in Afghanistan It will offer training to Afghan forces Canada has had nearly 3,000 troops deployed in Afghanistan
CNN  -- The viral Kony 2012 video has propelled the Lord 's Resistance Army and its leader , Joseph Kony , into the world 's spotlight and conscience . On YouTube alone , more than 56 million people viewed it in its first four days . As the video created by Invisible Children shows , the LRA has created an enormous human rights and humanitarian crisis in central and east Africa . The LRA , which began as a rebel group in Uganda , evolved into a brutal renegade force that has abducted tens of thousands of civilians , forcing them to serve as soldiers or sex slaves , has killed tens of thousands and has displaced more than 2 million in four African nations : Uganda , newly independent South Sudan , the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic . The message of the Kony 2012 campaign is simple : Arrest Kony . But the campaign also sets out what the United States government needs to do , in partnership with other members of the international community and civil society groups in Africa , to make this happen . Our organization , the Enough Project , joined with two advocacy groups , Invisible Children and Resolve , to send President Obama a letter on how to move toward ending the LRA . The United States must commit to keeping on the ground the military advisers that it deployed to central Africa a few months ago and providing diplomatic , logistical and intelligence support to efforts by governments in the region to make sure the advisers can succeed . Right now , the administration has a critical window of opportunity : The advisers are in the field and an initiative of the African Union is taking shape . President Obama should reach out personally to African and European leaders and lead a diplomatic surge aimed at finally bringing an end to this 25-year crisis . The U.S. military advisers are by no means a simple , stand-alone solution . For them to have an opportunity to succeed , the administration must ensure they have the necessary partner forces , capabilities and equipment . This means the United States should : Secure more capable forces from an African nation , such as South Africa or Botswana ; provide intelligence and transportation support , especially helicopters ; and get additional support from the international community . The United States must urge regional governments to increase their commitment . In particular , the Ugandan army -- the best-equipped military of the countries affected by the LRA -- has already deployed many of its most capable troops to Somalia to combat the terrorist group al-Shabaab . It is planning to send even more there , at the expense of their commitment to combat the LRA elsewhere . The Obama administration should also work rapidly to resolve the impasse between the governments of Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo . As seen in the recent spike in LRA attacks in Congo , Kinshasa 's insistence that the Ugandan army no longer operate there is causing the country to become a safe haven for the LRA . Civilian protection must be prioritized and improved dramatically . The United States must also monitor the human rights abuses and natural resource exploitation of the Ugandan military and other militaries and insist on accountability for any crimes committed . The administration needs to keep U.S. advisers in place until they can succeed . In the region , 20 civil society , human rights and religious groups in areas affected by LRA violence  Congo , South Sudan , and the Central African Republic  have welcomed the advisers , and they hope the United States will fulfill its promises . A military campaign to apprehend the LRA 's top leaders and protect civilians is necessary but insufficient . Military operations alone simply can not capture all the LRA 's commanders . Even if Kony and a few additional leaders are captured , others will take their place . Therefore , the United States needs to lead the international community in developing and implementing a defection strategy that encourages LRA commanders , including senior and mid-ranking commanders , and rank-and-file fighters to leave the group . Increased radio programming should be used to encourage defections and to sensitize communities so that LRA combatants who do defect no longer have to fear being attacked by local populations . The United States and others in the international community must work closely with civil society leaders in the region and make a long-term commitment to rebuild and reconcile communities affected by the LRA . Millions of people in northern Uganda , Congo , South Sudan and the Central African Republic are counting on increased and sustained engagement by the United States and others . The Obama administration should immediately pursue a diplomatic surge and additional initiatives to make 2012 the year that all communities plagued by the LRA can begin to recover and rebuild . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John C. Bradshaw and Ashley Benner .	Bradshaw , Benner : Kony 2012 video spotlights brutal Kony and Lord 's Resistance Army They say it 's an opportunity for Obama administration to make push to end the 25-year terror They say administration should bolster military , civil , equipment assistance , stem recruits Writers : Create way for LRA members to safely defect ; help affected communites recover
Anyone who 's ever wanted to look , or dress like a princess will have the opportunity on Tuesday , when one of Princess Diana 's most "  fairytale " frocks goes under the hammer at Kerry Taylor Auction House in London . The princess was photographed many times while wearing the ball gown , which was the creation of David and Elizabeth Emanuel , Diana 's favorite designers , and was inspired by Diaghilev 's Ballets Russes . The dress -- a shimmering white organza number with gold sequins , crystals and pearl beads embedded throughout -- first caught her eye at a Red Cross benefit fashion show in 1986 . The entire ensemble includes a petticoat , removable sleeve panels and a matching head band . Read more : Francis Bacon painting auctioned for more than $ 142 million , breaks record "  This dress has a real 1980s , New Romantic style , " says Kerry Taylor , the auction house owner . The Emanuels , she points out , were of particular significance to Diana , who used them to design both the black taffeta gown she wore for her first public appearance after the announcement of her engagement to Prince Charles , as well as the royal bridal gown for her marriage to the Prince in 1981 . Diana also seemed very smitten with the "  Diaghilev " dress , as she wore it to a number of public events , including during a state visit of Richard von Weizsaker , the then-President of the Federal Republic of Germany ; to a performance at the Royal Opera House and for the premiere of the James Bond film "  The Living Daylights " . "  This dress was a real favorite of hers , " says Taylor . "  It 's the kind of dress that a little girl sitting down at school will draw when she 's asked to draw a princess . " Diana would often forgo the headband , and instead pair the dress with a tiara , and she would wear the petticoat and sleeve panels interchangeably . "  She gave it lots of different looks and wore it with lots of different accessories , " says Taylor . Read more : When street art meets runway style The dress is expected to sell for $ 130,000 when it goes to auction . Taylor , who has sold other famous Diana garments , including the couture velvet gown she wore on her first official visit to the White House  where she famously two-stepped with John Travolta  , says that the Princess ' wardrobe tends to auction for anywhere between $ 50,000 and $ 500,000 . "  The value depends on how beautiful they are , how historically important , if there 's a story behind the dress , how often the Princess wore the dress , and if she was photographed in the dress . All these things add to its value , " she says . Previously , the "  Diaghilev " dress was owned by an American collector who used it as a means to raise funds for charity . Until recently , it had been on loan at Kensington Palace . Now , says Taylor , the collector wants to "  pass on the responsibility " . As for who is likely to bid on the piece on Tuesday , or why , Taylor says she has no idea . "  It 's always a surprise . Most people only want one , so you rely on people to come out of the woodwork , " she says . The reasons for buying a Diana dress are equally unexpected , she notes . "  The man who bought the John Travolta dress wanted to cheer up his wife . She had a nasty fall and hurt her leg , and he saw the dress and thought , ` this is just the thing . ' " Read more : Warhol painting sold for $ 105.4 million Read more : Designer takes bull by the horns ... and crafts luxury jewelry	Princess Diana 's Disney-like ballgown will go under the hammer in London It was created by the designers of her wedding dress , David and Elizabeth Emanuel The dress is expected to fetch in the region of $ 130,000
CNN  Well is n't that non-dairy delightful ? Starbucks announced it will begin offering coconut milk as a non-dairy option for an additional 60 cents . The Internet , at least , loves this plan -- and the company 's customers can thank themselves for the move . "  Providing a non-dairy alternative to dairy and soy is the second most requested customer idea of all time from MyStarbucksIdea.com , generating more than 84,000 votes , " says a press release on the company 's newsroom site . The news had some consumers practically foaming at the mouth . Starbucks will start offering Single Origin Sumatra Coconut Milk at its U.S. stores starting February 17 .	Coconut milk is a non-dairy alternative Starbucks customers will be able to buy it for an additional 60 cents An alternative to dairy and soy was the most customer requested idea
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Libya has paid $ 1.5 billion to the families of terrorism victims , overcoming the final obstacle to full relations with the United States , the State Department said Friday . Police officers survey the wreckage of Pan Am Flight 103 in Lockerbie , Scotland , in December 1988 . The payment ends Tripoli 's legal liability in U.S. terror cases and paves the way for increased U.S. involvement in the oil-rich nation . President Bush signed an executive order Friday restoring Libyan immunity from terrorism-related lawsuits and dismissing pending cases over compensation as part of a deal reached this summer . David Welch , the top U.S. diplomat for the Middle East , who negotiated the agreement , called Libya 's rehabilitation from a terrorist nation to a U.S. ally "  historic . " The pact closes the book on a contentious period in U.S.-Libyan relations , which began in the 1980s with a series of attacks involving the two countries , including the bombings of Pan Am flight 103 , a German disco and U.S. airstrikes over Libya . U.S. business executives hope the new relationship will lead to billions of dollars of new investment in Libya , a country rich in petroleum reserves but lacking a developed infrastructure . This summer , the United States and Libya signed a deal for the State Department to create a $ 1.8 billion compensation fund to finalize the claims for the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , and the 1986 bombing of La Belle disco in Berlin , Germany . It also compensates Libyan victims of U.S. airstrikes in the 1980s . Congress unanimously adopted the Libyan Claims Resolution Act , sponsored by Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , which cleared the way to end the feud and created the victim compensation fund . Under the agreement , Libya pays more than $ 500 million to settle remaining claims from the Lockerbie case and more than $ 280 million for victims of the disco bombing . It will also set aside funds to compensate victims of several other incidents blamed on Libya , although Libya has not accepted responsibility . In exchange , Libya will now be exempt from legislation passed this year enabling terrorism victims to be compensated using frozen assets of governments blamed for attacks . Tripoli sought the protection to encourage U.S. companies to invest in Libya without fear of being sued by terrorism victims or their families . An initial payment of $ 300 million was received this month , after the opening of a U.S. trade office in Libya and a historic visit by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . Another $ 600 million was received Thursday and the remaining $ 600 million Friday , Welch said , adding that the families could start receiving payments within days . The remaining $ 300 million will go to Libyan victims of the bombing in Libya by U.S. warplanes in 1986 . Libyans say dozens of people died in the U.S. air attack , including an adopted daughter of Libyan leader Col. Moammar Gadhafi . President Reagan ordered the attacks on Tripoli and Benghazi after two U.S. soldiers were killed and 79 Americans were injured in the 1986 Berlin disco bombing . The bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 killed 270 people , including 189 Americans . Of the dead , 259 people died on board the plane and another 11 on the ground . Libya has paid 268 families involved in the Pan Am bombing $ 8 million each of a $ 10 million settlement . But it withheld the remaining $ 2 million owed to each family over a dispute regarding U.S. obligations to Tripoli . A group of relatives of Pan Am victims said in a statement Friday that they applauded Libya 's fulfillment of the agreement . "  The Pan Am 103 families deeply appreciate Sen. Lautenberg 's work to urge the administration to take every step to bring the agreement to fruition , " spokeswoman Kara Weipz said in the statement . "  While our loved ones will never be forgotten , we are glad this chapter in our efforts is finally over . " Ties between the two countries began to improve in 2003 , when Libya gave up its weapons of mass destruction program and began compensating Lockerbie victims . But lingering lawsuits prevented the two countries from fully normalizing ties . The State Department has said the deal was pursued on a "  purely humanitarian basis and does not constitute an admission of fault by either party . " Senior State Department officials said the formula was designed to respect Libyan sensitivities about compensating victims for incidents for which it has n't taken responsibility and also allow Libya to settle outstanding claims for the air strikes on Tripoli . Donations to settle Libyan claims were placed in the "  voluntary " fund , from which each country involved in the claims draws the money to pay its citizens . Welch would not say exactly where the money came from but stressed that no American taxpayer money would be used to compensate Libya . The deal is to be followed by an upgrading of U.S. relations with Libya , including the confirmation of a U.S. ambassador , which was held up until the payments were made . Lautenberg applauded the payment Friday . "  American victims and their families have waited decades for Libya to pay for its deadly acts of violence and today they have received long-overdue justice , " he said in a statement . "  I am pleased that our relentless pressure and support for terror victims has led to this historic moment . " Rice 's visit in September , the first by a secretary of state since 1953 , was hailed by both countries as a breakthrough . It followed months of negotiations between the two countries .	Payment is part of multitiered plan to normalize relations between the two countries Tensions go back to attacks on Pan Am 103 , German disco , U.S. airstrikes Libya now exempt from legislation allowing victim compensation from frozen assets Deal ends Libyan liability in terror cases , paves way for U.S. investment
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A jury Tuesday acquitted three men of charges that they helped the bombers who carried out the July 7 , 2005 , attacks on the London transportation system . Sadeer Saleem was accused of helping to plan the July 7 , 2005 bombings in London The four bombers died in the blasts , but Waheed Ali , Sadeer Saleem and Mohammed Shakil were accused of helping them by conducting reconnaissance and conspiring with them . Two of the men -- Ali and Shakil -- were convicted of a second charge of conspiracy to attend a place used for terrorist training . They will be sentenced Wednesday , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Tuesday 's verdicts came at the end of the men 's retrial at Kingston Crown Court in southwest London . A separate jury failed to reach a verdict in their first trial , which ended in August after three months . The bombings in 2005 killed 52 people in blasts on three subway trains and a bus . At least 900 people were wounded . Police arrested the three in March 2007 after piecing together what they called a "  complicated jigsaw with thousands of pieces . " They were charged in April 2007 . Police said they analyzed more than 4,700 phone numbers and 90,000 calls . They discovered the three men had made a trip to London in December 2004 -- seven months before the fatal bombings -- which prosecutors claimed was a reconnaissance trip to scout potential targets . Prosecutors said that on December 16 , 2004 , the men traveled from the northern English city of Leeds to London , along with Hasib Hussain , one of the July 7 bombers . When they got to the capital , they met with Lindsay . Over the next two days , prosecutors claimed , the men visited tourist sites including the London Eye ferris wheel , the London Aquarium and the Natural History Museum , as well as underground train locations . Some of the spots , prosecutors said , were near where the July 7 bombs were eventually detonated . Police called it "  the first feasibility study " for the London bombings -- and whether they were looking at tourist or transportation sites , the men were seeking out potential bomb targets , police said . The three men , who always denied the charges , acknowledged making the trip but said it was just an innocent outing to visit Ali 's sister in London . Saleem told the court that he had had "  no idea whatsoever " about the plot . Traces of DNA linked all three alleged accomplices in some way to the bombers , police had claimed . Investigators found Ali 's fingerprints on evidence found at the bomb-making sites . Khan , Lindsay , Hussain and a fourth bomber , Shehzad Tanweer , set off a series of bombs the morning of July 7 , 2005 . They exploded on underground trains near Liverpool Street , Russell Square and Edgware Road and on a double-decker bus at Tavistock Square . Police have previously said they believe others with knowledge of the attacks remain at large . The jury found that in July 2001 , Ali went with Khan to Pakistan . In July 2003 , Shakil went with Khan to a camp in Pakistan , where the two undertook firearms training with machine guns , rocket-propelled grenade launchers , and AK-47 assault rifles , London police said . The jury found Ali and Shakil guilty of conspiring to attend a place used for terrorist training , knowing or believing that instruction or training would be provided for purposes connected with the commission or preparation of acts of terrorism , London police said . "  Mohammed Siddique Khan and Mohammed Shakil told other attendees that their aim was to fight in Afghanistan , " said John McDowall , head of the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command . "  They were proficient in the use of and handling of terrorist weapons , and were certainly not enjoying a day out in a beautiful and mountainous area of Pakistan , as was suggested in court . "  Shakil himself accepted that the camp at Malakand was a serious business , whose purpose was to train willing volunteers to fight and kill in Afghanistan on behalf of the Taliban , a cause to which both he and Ali were , and remain , sympathetic , " McDowall said .	Jury acquits three accused of involvement in July 7 , 2005 , attacks on London Verdicts came at the end of the men 's retrial Three men had always denied the charges
CNN  -- Ask anyone from the U.S. to name a famous swimmer and they will probably say Michael Phelps . But put the same question to someone in Japan and the name that trips off the tongue is Kosuke Kitajima . The 32-year-old has propelled not only himself but Japanese swimming into the spotlight in the 21st century thanks to a series of remarkable performances on the global stage , smashing records and scooping multiple world and Olympic titles . His best days in the pool may be behind him but Kitajima 's focus remains forward-looking as he builds on his legacy as arguably the greatest breaststroke exponent of all time . His goal is to inspire the next generation of champions from the Far East ahead of Tokyo 's 2020 hosting of the world 's biggest sporting showpiece by getting them started in the pool . "  I want children to start swimming and have lots of dreams in swimming , " Kitajima tells CNN 's Human to Hero series . "  I think the best thing about swimming is that anyone from 0 years old to grandpas and grandmas can do it . So it 's important to give dreams to children but I 'd also like to let people know the fun of swimming . " He set up his swimming club , KITAJIMAQUATICS , in 2011 and a quick scroll through his social media accounts shows he 's often personally on hand to inspire an excited audience around the prefectures . Stroke of genius Kitajima may not possess the physical stature associated with modern swimming champions -- most pros are considerably taller and heavier than his 1.78-meter , 72.5-kg  160-pound  frame -- but that did n't stop him rising above his contemporaries . "  There have n't been many people in Asia who could compete in the world of swimming . I proved that we  Japan  can , " he says . Kitajima burst onto the scene as a 17-year-old , serving notice of his talent with a fourth-place finish in the 100 meters breaststroke final at the Sydney Olympics in 2000 . Buoyed by the experience -- "  it gave me confidence , " he says -- Kitajima went on to take gold at the Pan Pacific Games in 2002 at the same distance before winning both the 100m and 200m breaststroke at the world championships the following year in Barcelona . His reputation for performing on the biggest stage was confirmed when he achieved the same double at the Athens Olympics in 2004 . After pipping his great American rival Brendan Hansen in the 100m final , Kitajima let rip with a primal scream of joy before exclaiming "  cho kimochi ii ! " -- meaning "  I feel really good ! " -- a phrase which he is credited with popularizing in his homeland . Noises of a different kind were also audible from the U.S. camp following the race , with Hansen 's teammate Aaron Peirsol accusing Kitajima of using an illegal dolphin kick . The underwater motion which takes its name from the way dolphins flick their tail up and down was banned in the breaststroke discipline at that time , although swimming 's governing body FINA has since relaxed the law , allowing one dolphin kick at the start and on turns . There was , however , little controversy about Kitajima 's win in the 200m a few days later , with Hansen having to settle for bronze . Duel for supremacy The Tokyo native 's rivalry with the American was one of the great swimming duels of recent times . Hansen got his revenge on Kitajima in subsequent world championships , beating the Japanese star in the 100m in both 2005 and 2007 . The pair proved just as hard to separate when it came to world records , with both men treating the 100m and 200m breaststroke world record like a hot potato . In total , they broke it a total of 10 times ; that particular duel finished in a dead heat with five records each . "  Every time he set a record , I wanted to break them , " Kitajima recalls . "  It was such a happy time in my swimming career when I could compete with him . " Despite being plagued by injuries in the years following Athens , Kitajima showed he was still the man to beat when the Olympics rolled around again in 2008 . In Beijing , the then 25-year-old managed to fend off Hansen and everyone else to repeat his Athens double , becoming the first man in Olympic history to successfully defend both the 100m and 200m breaststroke titles . With his fame now peaking at home , the "  Frog King , " as he was nicknamed , upped sticks and moved to the U.S. . He says relocating to California helped to prolong his career . "  I wanted to change my living environment . I did n't really miss Japan while I was in Los Angeles . I came back to Japan when I had a competition and went to LA to train . It was a good balance , " he explains . "  I owe that I can still swim like this to the friends I met in LA and coaches who accepted me to train with them in America . " Dave Salo , the head coach at the University of Southern California who worked with Kitajima , described him as "  probably the most efficient breaststroke swimmer I have ever witnessed . " But even his superb technique could n't propel the double , double Olympic champion to a unprecedented triple triumph at London 2012 -- a fifth place in the 100m was his best individual showing . Despite diminishing returns over the last two years , Kitajima is not thinking about retiring just yet , but now has other things competing for his attention . In September 2013 , he married pop star Chisa Maekawa -- former lead singer with Japanese band Girl Next Door -- who gave birth to their daughter earlier this year . But he remains determined to carry on in the pool . "  I want to compete  and  I 'd like to continue being an athlete . So as far as people give me support I want to continue , " he says . A trip to Rio in 2016 may still be on the cards , he hopes , but an appearance at his hometown Games in Tokyo in six years ' time is surely out of the question . Is n't it ? "  I 'm not sure whether I will be continuing my career then or not , but I hope I can  remain a part of  swimming for a long time , " he says . Tokyo 2020 maybe a bridge too far , even for the great man , but the future looks bright for Asian swimming , he says . "  The whole of Asia is getting stronger now , not just Japan but countries such as China and Korea are doing well . "  In Japan we have very strong swimmers who won world competitions . I 'm very glad that there are many of them coming out now . " Read more : Rise of the ` new Nadia Comaneci ' Read more : Cake-loving runner on top of the world	Olympic history-maker Kosuke Kitajima inspires new generation of swimmers Kitajima won 100m/200m breaststroke titles at back-to-back Olympics Japanese swimmer rose to worldwide prominence at Athens in 2004 The 32-year-old from Tokyo not ruling out competing at Rio Games in 2016
CNN  -- Manute Bol , one of the tallest players in NBA history , died Saturday at the age of 47 , a spokeswoman with the University of Virginia Medical Center confirmed to CNN . The hospital did not disclose the cause of death . Bol , who was listed at 7-feet-7 inches tall and 225 pounds , played for the Washington Bullets , Golden State Warriors , Philadelphia 76ers and Miami Heat in his 10-year career . The native of war-torn Sudan was known during and after his career for his charity work for his home country . "  He was a wonderful person . He would always talk about the civil war going on in Sudan , because he was sending all of his money back to Sudan , " Charles Barkley , Bol 's teammate on the 76ers and an NBA analyst for TNT , told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  I can honestly say I never played with a better person , " Barkley said . "  He never forgot about the Sudan . He would talk to us about it all the time . ... The world is not a better place today ; It 's worse because we do n't have Manute Bol , " he added . In 2004 after he was nearly killed in an auto accident , Bol told Sports Illustrated , "  God guided me to America and gave me a good job . But he also gave me a heart , so I would look back . " Bol donated his NBA earnings to charity , according to the article . Bol , so tall and so lanky , was somewhat the oddity when he came to national attention as a player for the University of Bridgeport in Bridgeport , Connecticut , in 1984 . He was a dominant shot blocker and rebounder at the Division II school , where often the tallest player on the other team would be a foot shorter than him . He played one year at Bridgeport then went pro . Known as the Dinka Dunker for the Sudanese tribe he was from , Bol was drafted in 1985 by the Bullets and twice led the NBA in blocked shots . Fans also loved when he would stand behind the 3-point line and push up a long-distance jumper . He had more blocked shots than points scored in his career , the only NBA player to ever accomplish the feat . He also drew attention after his career ended when he fought a former NFL player , William Perry , in made-for-TV boxing match . Bol won the fight over the man known as the "  The Refrigerator " with a third-round decision . Many did not know about Bol 's propensity to joke on his teammates , especially Barkley . "  There 's never been a guy who played more practical jokes or who made more people laugh more than Manute Bol , " Barkley said . "  He was hilarious . " Bol is survived by four children , two sons and two daughters , he had with his ex-wife , Atong . Former NBA player Gheorghe Muresan , who starred with Billy Crystal in the 1998 movie "  My Giant , " was also listed at 7-feet-7 .	At 7-feet-7 , Manute Bol was one of the tallest players in NBA history He was known as a shot blocker in his 10-year professional career Bol , a native of war-torn Sudan , reportedly donated his NBA earnings to charities The Virginia hospital where he died did not disclose the cause of death
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Two passengers aboard a cruise ship were killed when 26-foot waves crashed into the vessel Wednesday off northeast Spain , officials said . Fourteen others were injured . The Greece-based Louis Cruise Lines ship was in the Mediterranean north of Barcelona when it was hit by three "  abnormal " waves , each about 26 feet  9 meters  high , cruise line spokesman Michael Maratheftis said . As a result , five windows in public areas -- on the forward part , or bow , of the 14-deck ship -- were smashed , and two male passengers -- a German and an Italian -- were killed , he said . Fourteen others were treated aboard the ship for light injuries but were hospitalized as a precaution when the ship returned to Barcelona on Wednesday night , Maratheftis said . Spain 's state news agency reported that two of the passengers had serious injuries , including a 62-year-old woman with fractures in both legs . Maratheftis would not provide specifics , but said there were no life-threatening injuries to the 14 wounded passengers . The vessel , the Louis Majesty , was sailing under a Maltese flag and traveling from Barcelona , Spain , to Genoa , Italy , the Greek Public Ministry of the Mercantile Marine said . The incident occurred 24 miles off the coast of Cabo de San Sebastian near the Spanish town of Palafrugell , Maratheftis said The ship had 1,350 passengers and 580 crew members , the Greek ministry said . The passengers , including three Americans , were from 27 nations , Maratheftis said in phone interviews from Cyprus . Buoy data off the French coast indicated that weather was the likely cause of the high waves . Winds were at 45 mph at that buoy . All of the passengers were to be flown home on Thursday from Barcelona at the expense of Louis Cruise Lines , Maratheftis said . "  The next cruise has been canceled , " and the Louis Majesty will remain in Barcelona for repairs , Maratheftis said . The vessel is due to resume cruises on March 14 , he said . CNN 's Al Goodman , Stephanie Halasz , Ben Brumfield and Chad Myers contributed to this report .	26-foot waves hit ship with 1,350 passengers aboard German , Italian passengers killed when waves smashed windows Fourteen other people injured Vessel , the Louis Majesty , returns to port in Barcelona , Spain
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Investigators targeted Lindsay Lohan and her assistant as suspects in a Hollywood burglary , but the district attorney decided Tuesday there was not enough evidence to prosecute them . "  Lindsay is glad this matter has been cleared up so she can focus on her upcoming projects , " her publicist said in a statement sent to CNN soon after the district attorney 's office released a summary of the investigation . "  It is unfortunate that many media outlets were quick to point fingers and jump to conclusions without having all the facts . " Celebrity news website TMZ previously quoted an unidentified law enforcement source saying Lohan and her assistant , Gavin Doyle , were suspects in the burglary . The prosecutor 's report confirmed the actress and Doyle were suspects , along with another man identified as Andrew Payan . The people burglarized are Sam Magid , a wealthy investor who the investigation report said "  had a longstanding relationship " with Lohan , and a woman who was staying in his Hollywood Hills home . Sheen and Lohan to die in ` Scary Movie 5 ' ? Missing from the home and the woman 's car were cash , house keys , sunglasses and a credit card holder , the report released by the Los Angeles County District Attorney said . Lohan had been denied entry into the home at 2:45 a.m. on Saturday , August 18 , according to a security guard , the report said . "  What , is he in there f -- king some other girl !? " the guard quoted the actress as saying . Magid called for police five hours later when he saw a suspicious man , who the report said resembled Doyle , outside the home . He and his female friend declined to prosecute after Lohan was identified as a suspect , the report said . The detective on the case saw Lohan 's car parked at Magid 's home three days later , it said . He stopped the car as she was leaving and found Lohan in a BMW with Doyle , Payan and a juvenile . Doyle acknowledged to the detective that he , Lohan and Payan had been at Magid 's house twice in the early morning of the day the items were reported missing . Doyle said "  he ate some meatballs and drank some vodka , but did not take anything at the residence , " the report said . Doyle "  said one of them did take property " but he "  would not reveal who took the property at the residence , " it said . This was not enough to persuade the district attorney 's office to prosecute the case . "  One of the suspects makes a vague admission that he and the others were there , and that ` someone ' took something but is not more specific than that , " the report said . The victims "  indicated that they are not willing to prosecute anyone for this burglary " and there was not "  sufficient evidence to prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt . " The story becomes another chapter in more than six years of brushes with the law for Lohan , who is attempting a career comeback after stints in rehab , jail and home confinement . She remains on probation for a shoplifting conviction last year . Lindsay Lohan 's exhaustion triggers union inquiry CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Cash , house keys , sunglasses and a credit card holder were missing , the report says The alleged victim "  had a longstanding relationship " with Lohan , the prosecutor says "  Lindsay is glad this matter has been cleared up , " her publicist says She remains on probation for a shoplifting conviction from last year
CNN  -- The American-bred horse who won last year 's St Leger -- Encke -- is among seven more horses trained by disgraced Godolphin trainer Mahmood Al Zarooni to test positive for steroids , the British Horseracing Authority  BHA  has announced . Encke won the St Leger last September 2012 as a 25/1 outsider and tested negative for doping after the race . His surprise victory denied Camelot the chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since 1970 , with the winner of the 2,000 Guineas and Epsom Derby finishing in second place . The feat of winning the three races is so rare that only one horse has achieved it since the second world war - Nijinsky in 1970 . After Al Zarooni earned an eight-year suspension when he admitted administering banned drugs to 15 horses in his care , the BHA undertook further extensive testing at his Moulton Paddocks yard . The steroid stanozolol was found in a further seven animals , so raising the tally of horses under the trainer 's control to have tested positive for doping to 22 . In a boost for Godolphin , whose stable was founded by the ruler of Dubai - Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum - in 1992 , testing on nearly 200 horses at their other yard returned no positive results . Trainer Saeed bin Suroor , who runs the Stanley House stable in Newmarket , will now take control of Moulton Paddocks , the yard formerly licensed to Al Zarooni . "  We welcome the news that Saeed bin Suroor 's horses tested negative and this clears the way for him to now take charge of Moulton Paddocks , " said Paul Bittar , Chief Executive of BHA . In a statement posted on Godolphin 's website , racing manager Simon Crisford said : "  It is obviously very disappointing that seven further horses have tested positive for stanozolol . "  These results highlight why Sheikh Mohammed took the decision to lock down the stables at Moulton Paddocks until every Godolphin horse in training at Newmarket had been tested . "  All of Saeed bin Suroor 's horses have tested clear and we are working with the BHA to put everything back in order at Moulton Paddocks . " The BHA said no further action will be taken against Al Zarooni , who has appealed the ban given to him in April and who says he was unaware that the use of anabolic steroids out of competition was banned in the United Kingdom . The practice is allowed in Australia and Dubai , where Al Zarooni was based prior to taking control of Moulton Paddocks in 2010 . "  We will not be taking any separate action in respect of these additional positive results whilst Mr Al Zarooni 's appeal process is ongoing , " said Adam Brickell , the body 's Director of Integrity , Legal and Risk . "  In the meantime , the latest findings will form the subject of further interviews as part of the BHA 's continuing investigation . " Following testing of 391 horses , the six to join Encke in British racing 's most serious drugs scandal are his full brother Genius Beast as well as Energizer , Improvisation , Stamford , Steeler and Zip Top . Like the other 15 to have previously tested positive , all the horses will be unable to compete for the next six months at the very least . Both Godolphin and Al Zarooni can ask for the samples to be subjected to B sample analysis , with a decision to take up that option required by Thursday . While no date has yet been set for Al Zarooni 's hearing , which will take place no earlier than the last week of June , those in charge of the Godolphin stables must be hoping that the worst is now over .	St Leger winner Encke is latest horse to be caught up in British racing 's doping scandal American-bred horse is one of seven in yard of Mahmood Al Zarooni to test positive 22 horses are now banned for a minimum period of six months
It 's about making an entrance . Dramatic entries are a given with air travel , and airports should convey a sense of welcome and arrival to travelers landing in a new city , like the great train stations of yesteryear , says architecture critic Paul Goldberger . That does n't usually happen . "  An inspiring grand welcome to a place is not something you get in most of them , " says Goldberger , contributor to Vanity Fair , winner of the Pulitzer Prize for his architecture criticism at The New York Times and author of "  Why Architecture Matters . " "  Most only aspire to a sense of efficiency and most do n't even achieve that . " Where they exist at airports , the more impressive spaces are usually located in the airports ' departure halls . Those passengers are rushing to clear security and catch flights and do n't have time to appreciate their space . The arrivals hall usually does n't inspire much . Check in : World 's best airport hotels "  When you arrive , you 're shunted to a lower level to baggage claim and go through what feels like a service  exit  , " says Goldberger , who regularly flies through New York and New Jersey 's bustling but not very beautiful airports . Although most airports do n't meet his wish for a "  grand welcome " -- even the ones he likes -- some architects are designing lovely airports that are worth admiring . Here are some of the airport designs Goldberger has appreciated or is hankering to see for himself . Madrid-Barajas Airport  Spain The design by architect Richard Rogers for Barajas ' Terminal 4 , completed in 2006 , is one of Goldberger 's favorites . "  He took what is really a conventional plan , and he did a traditional airport beautifully , " he says . Rogers ' elegant architecture includes "  magnificent steel tresses and columns , and a very long concourse that gradually changes colors , " says Goldberger . "  The colors fade over the course of what must be half a mile . It 's quite breathtaking . " Beijing Capital International Airport  China Sir Norman Foster has been "  more successful than anyone else at rethinking the airport and designing it in a new way that pretty much works , " says Goldberger . Foster 's international terminal design in Beijing was completed in 2008 in time for that summer 's Olympic Games . Instead of a stretched-out layout or satellite terminals , Terminal 3 "  is essentially two huge triangular shapes , where the points face each other and are connected by a train , " he says . "  That works quite well and is attractive . " 5 great get-fit retreats Kansai International Airport  Osaka , Japan Architect Renzo Piano 's most remarkable achievement in this case may have been winning a design competition in 1988 for an airport that would sit on a man-made island that did not yet exist . Located 25 miles away from Osaka , Japan  and three miles off the coast  , Kansai airport was completed in 1994 and can handle air traffic 24 hours per day . The island is now connected to the mainland by a 2.5 mile-long , two-level bridge . The airport is lovely , but "  it 's more the achievement than the architecture itself , " says Goldberger . King Abdulaziz International Airport  Jeddah , Saudi Arabia Completed in 1981 , Skidmore , Owing and Merrill 's design of the Hajj Terminal in Jeddah seems to capture the essence of Saudi Arabia 's nomadic tradition . The firm developed tent-like structures using little energy to keep the space cool in the desert . Pictures of the terminal impressed Goldberger , which is why it 's on his bucket list as an airport to visit . "  Jeddah seems like a fascinating attempt to marry the nomadic tradition of desert tents with monumental modern architecture , " says Goldberger . "  A seeming impossibility , but I think they pulled it off . " World 's best airport spas Raleigh-Durham International Airport  North Carolina Often overlooked as an example of good airport architecture , Raleigh-Durham International Airport 's Terminal 2 was designed by Fentress Architects of Denver and completed in 2011 . Inspired by its Southern roots and its service to the Research Triangle hub of companies and universities , "  it 's a terminal that has a lot of wood and glass inside , a nice alternative to steel and glass , " says Goldberger . Aeropuerto de Carrasco  Montevideo , Uruguay Seeking to modernize and expand the airport serving Uruguay 's capital , airport operators turned to native son and world renowned architect Rafael Vinoly . Completed in 2009 , the Carrasco airport 's structure seems inspired by the rolling dunes along the country 's coastline . The design is intriguing to Goldberger , which is why the Carrasco airport is also on his list of airports to experience . "  I 've wanted to see Uruguay because Vinoly 's swooping shape looks wonderful in photographs , " says Goldberger . "  It looks like something inspired by Eero Saarinen 's design " for Trans World Airlines at John F. Kennedy International Airport  then called Idlewild Airport  . Airlines collect $ 27 billion beyond ticket revenue TWA Terminal  John F. Kennedy International Airport , New York It 's not in use anymore , but Goldberger says it still stands out as an architectural marvel .  Maybe if it was still open , Goldberger would like flying out of John F. Kennedy International Airport better . Designed by Eero Saarinen and opened in 1962 , this gorgeous terminal had a significant flaw : It was n't built to change and grow with the growth of travel and the enormous aircraft that would soon come to Idlewild Airport , now JFK International . "  It was one of the great airport designs of all time , and it was completely unworkable for security and the volume of traffic  to come  , " says Goldberger . "  It remains a beautiful and incredibly inspiring building . " Matteo Pericoli mural  John F. Kennedy International Airport , New York No , this does n't mean Goldberger likes flying out of the American Airlines terminal where this mural is located . Italian architect and artist Matteo Pericoli was commissioned to paint a mural of the great architecture of the world on a wall at the American terminal . So while Goldberger is n't crazy about the airport , the mural "  is one of my favorite things at any airport . " A pleasant experience matters , too When Goldberger is trying to get from one city to another , sometimes his requirements for a nice airport are the same as anyone else . At the last minute , that 's why he also tacked on these "  fairly ordinary terminals that are nevertheless pleasanter to be in than the norm " : San Francisco International Airport 's newly redone Terminal 2 and the JetBlue Airways terminal at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York . "  Lots of light , nice places to eat , wide-open spaces , views of  the  field , places to work , rest , etc. , " he wrote , via e-mail . "  Great architecture is n't always necessary to raise an airport above mediocrity . " What 's your favorite airport anywhere in the world ? Please share in the comments section below .	Airports should welcome visitors and residents alike A Madrid airport terminal incorporates a rainbow palette in its structure A Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , terminal reflects the culture 's nomadic tent traditions The Uruguay capital 's airport captures the essence of rolling dunes
CNN  -- A barn fire that killed two men and dozens of horses in Ohio on Saturday shows no sign of criminal intent , authorities said . The Ohio State Fire Marshal said the cause of the fire , at the Lebanon Raceway near Cincinnati in southwestern Ohio , is undetermined . "  However , investigators have ruled out criminal intent , " it said in a written statement . The ages and identities of the men are not yet known . Initially , officials reported that 65 horses perished , but later put the number at 43 . The state fire marshal said that preliminary information from the men 's autopsies may be available by Sunday . The fire began in the northwest corner of the barn , according to the state fire marshal 's office . It would not release the specific origin of the fire because of the investigation . The Warren County Fair Board -- which operates the track -- confirmed the men 's deaths and the destruction of the barn , but could n't say how many horses were killed . It said in a statement that harness racing scheduled for Saturday night has been canceled . Firefighters from 11 departments , which received the call just before 5 a.m. , cleared debris and extinguished hot spots during the day . For more than 50 years , the Warren County Fair Board has been operating the county fair grounds , which includes "  a harness racing track and supporting facilities that are leased for harness racing meets to two harness racing clubs , " according to the statement issued by a fair board attorney , Bill Schroeder . Schroeder said the fire was first noticed by a neighbor and that the barn , harness-racing carriages , and other racing equipment have been destroyed . Firefighters kept the flames from spreading to other barns , officials told CNN affiliate WHIO-TV . State and local fire officials are working to determine what sparked the fire . Follow CNN affiliate WHIO 's local coverage Follow CNN affiliate WLWT 's local coverage Another barn fire at the fairgrounds killed 35 horses in 1988 , Warren County Commissioner Pat South said , according to the Springfield  Ohio  News-Sun newspaper .	NEW : Ohio State Fire Marshal : "  Investigators have ruled out criminal intent " Death toll comes down from earlier reports of 65 Two men who died are still unidentified ; autopsies will be conducted Sunday 11 departments respond to fire just before 5 a.m.
CNN  -- After years of being more hype than highlight , Cyber Monday appears on its way to its biggest outing ever . Last year , the Monday after Thanksgiving saw an estimated $ 1 billion spent online in the United States , making it the biggest e-sales day ever . And analysts said Monday that this year 's "  holiday " -- the online answer to the annual Black Friday bargain rush on stores -- is on pace to be bigger still . As of 3 p.m. ET , online sales were up 15 % from last year , according to IBM Benchmark  formerly Coremetrics  . The analytics group , which monitors sales on more than 500 online retail sites , has been reporting Cyber Monday sales for the past four years . As a marketing term , "  Cyber Monday " was coined in 2005 . But , according to IBM and others , it was n't until 2009 when the Internet saw more sales that day than on Black Friday . And last November was the first in which Black Friday actually ended up being the biggest online shopping day of the year . "  We at comScore have spent a lot of time in past holiday seasons dispelling the notion that Cyber Monday was the heaviest online spending day of the year , " said Andrew Lipsman of the Web analytics firm on its blog . "  And just when it seemed that message finally began to sink in , Cyber Monday has a banner year and jumps to the top of the ranking . " A growing push by retailers has helped morph perception into reality , said IBM 's John Squire . "  Now that we 're starting to see some retailers promote Cyber Monday in their stores , I think we 're really starting to ingrain this as the ` next big shopping day , ' " said Squire , chief strategy officer for IBM Smarter Commerce . From Amazon to Best Buy to Macy 's to Walmart , virtually every major online retailer was touting Cyber Monday deals . Even nontraditional businesses such as airlines and hotels were getting in on the act with Monday travel discounts . About half of all online shopping on Cyber Monday happens on consumers ' work computers , according to comScore . Another significant trend is how many people are now shopping with their phones or other mobile devices . More than 12 % of the people surfing retailer sites were using mobile devices , according to IBM Benchmark , and more than 7 % of the purchases made were on mobile . That 's up from 3.2 % last year . "  When you look at the numbers ... you can really see how fast the mobile experience and the mobile user is impacting online sales , " Squire said . Retailers were making their marketing push with gusto on Monday , with promotions for online sales popping up almost every time you clicked . On Twitter , the hashtag #CyberMonday appeared to be used more often by vendors promoting deals than by shoppers talking about their experiences . In fact , a wireless company paid to make #CyberMonday a "  sponsored tweet , " guaranteeing that its own deals appeared prominently when someone searched for that term . Rank-and-file Twitter users were taking notice of the sales blitz . "  I live every Monday like it 's #CyberMonday , " wrote Twitter user Ryan Chapman . "  I.e. , under a constant barrage of email , tweets , & Facebook posts . "	` Cyber Monday ' on track to be the biggest ever IBM analytics group says sales Monday were up 15 % over last year 2010 was the first time Cyber Monday was biggest online shopping day More than 7 % of online sales were made with mobile devices
CNN  -- The bodies of two people who were aboard a Learjet that crashed shortly after takeoff from a Florida airport were recovered from the Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday night , a spokesman for the U.S. Coast Guard said . Petty Officer Mark Barney said the bodies of a man and woman were located just off the coast of Fort Lauderdale . A spokesman for Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport said a medical flight had dropped off a patient and was returning to Mexico . There were four people -- two pilots , a doctor and a nurse -- aboard , Greg Meyer said . Authorities were still searching for the other two people on board . The Learjet 35 , which can carry up to eight passengers , was headed to Cozumel , Mexico , officials said . In an audio recording of air traffic control , the pilot asks to turn around before saying , "  Mayday , mayday , mayday . " The cause of the crash was not clear . The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	The medical flight had dropped off a patient in Florida and was headed back to Mexico The pilot asked to turn around and said , "  Mayday , mayday , mayday " The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating
Abbottabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Osama bin Laden was not armed but did put up resistance when U.S. forces stormed a compound outside Islamabad and killed him , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . Carney , reading a narrative drawn up by the Defense Department , provided new details of the events that transpired early Monday when 25 U.S. Navy SEALs in two Black Hawk helicopters landed outside the compound in Abbottabad , about 50 kilometers  31 miles  north of Islamabad . "  They had to breach through walls , " CIA Director Leon Panetta , who commanded the mission and was in contact with the 25 commandos as it unfolded , told PBS . Live blog : Bin Laden operation There were no armed guards around the compound , said a U.S. official who asked not to be identified because the official was not authorized to speak on the record . In an operation that lasted nearly 40 minutes , the SEALs -- working in two groups -- methodically cleared the compound , where three families were living , Carney said . One group went to a separate building in the compound ; the other to the three-story building housing a family on the first floor and bin Laden and his family on the second and third floors , Carney said . On the first floor of bin Laden 's building , two al Qaeda couriers were killed , as was a woman who was caught in the crossfire , Carney said . Bin Laden killing caps decade-long manhunt Continuing their ascent to the second and third floors , the commandos found bin Laden and his wife , both of whom were unarmed , in a room , Carney said . "  She rushed one of the U.S. assaulters and was shot in the leg but not killed , " he said . "  Bin Laden was then shot and killed . " The U.S. official said bin Laden was shot when he made a threatening move . In all , said the U.S. official who sought anonymity , five of the approximately two dozen people in the compound were killed -- the two couriers , the woman , bin Laden and his son . Officials have not publicly identified everyone who was in the compound . Materials taken from the compound included 10 hard drives , five computers and more than 100 storage devices , such as disks , DVDs and thumb drives , a senior U.S. official told CNN Tuesday . Navy SEALs , "  the quiet professionals " That material is being reviewed , said John Brennan , President Barack Obama 's top counterterrorism adviser . In his first public comments on the raid , Attorney General Eric Holder Tuesday declared the operation "  lawful , legitimate and appropriate in every way . " U.S. officials have said they might release a post-mortem photo taken of bin Laden . There are "  a lot to choose from , " and most are "  very graphic , " a senior government official said . What photos could show The officials have said DNA matching shows bin Laden was killed . But the Taliban have questioned the assertion . "  Obama has not got any strong evidence that can prove his claim over killing of the Sheikh Osama bin Laden , " Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mojahed said . "  And secondly , the closest sources for Sheikh Osama bin Laden have not confirmed " the death , he added . The Pakistani Foreign Ministry , meanwhile , issued a statement Tuesday saying that members of bin Laden 's family were "  in safe hands and being looked after in accordance with law . Some of them needing medical care are under treatment in the best possible facilities . As per policy , they will be handed over to their countries of origin . " The jubilation in many parts of the world over bin Laden 's killing gave way Tuesday to increasing questions about how the world 's most-wanted terrorist could have hidden in a populated area two miles from the prestigious Kakul military academy , the West Point of Pakistan . "  How did bin Laden stay at that compound for about six years or so and be undetected ? " Brennan asked . "  What type of support did he have outside of that compound in the Abbottabad area or more broadly within Pakistan ? We 're going to look carefully at this and get to the bottom of it all . " Raid sparks questions : Is Pakistan doing enough ? The mission took place without Pakistani leadership being informed beforehand , U.S. officials said . "  It was decided that any effort to work with the Pakistanis could jeopardize the mission , " Panetta told Time magazine . "  They might alert the targets . " However , Brennan insisted that "  Pakistan has been a strong partner in the effort to destroy al Qaeda . " In a Washington Post column , Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari expressed satisfaction "  that the source of the greatest evil of the new millennium has been silenced , and his victims given justice " and defended his country 's actions . "  Some in the U.S. press have suggested that Pakistan lacked vitality in its pursuit of terrorism , or worse yet that we were disingenuous and actually protected the terrorists we claimed to be pursuing . Such baseless speculation may make exciting cable news , but it does n't reflect fact , " Zardari wrote . Time magazine : CIA chief on why Pakistan was n't told The foreign ministry called bin Laden 's death "  an important milestone in the fight against terrorism , " but also expressed "  deep concerns " about the fact that U.S. officials failed to notify the government of Pakistan prior to the attack . "  This event of unauthorized unilateral action can not be taken as a rule , " the statement said . "  Such actions undermine cooperation and may also sometime constitute  a  threat to international peace and security . " The senior Pakistani intelligence official who spoke Tuesday to CNN said , "  Yes , we did fail to locate him . Yes , we are embarrassed . But that does not mean we are incompetent and straddling the fence . " U.S. anticipates al Qaeda threats The compound where bin Laden was holed up was surrounded by walls 10 to 18 feet tall and topped by barbed wire . It sat far from a main road , secluded . How al Qaeda and its adherents will be affected remains an open question . "  Leadership in al Qaeda tends to be replaced , " former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told CNN Tuesday . "  I expect there will be someone who will step up . " Rumsfeld , who was in office during the September 11 attacks , praised Bush administration policies that came under heated criticism . Noting that tracking one of bin Laden 's trusted couriers led the United States to identify bin Laden 's location , Rumsfeld defended the Bush administration 's practice of detaining low-level people , a practice that critics derided as unwarranted . "  It is those individuals that know the habits and locations of the senior people , " he said . No obvious successor to bin Laden Rumsfeld also stood by the use of waterboarding , which the Obama administration has outlawed as torture . Rumsfeld said the information taken from three people who were waterboarded and passed on to then-CIA Director Michael Hayden proved to be "  enormously valuable . " However , White House spokesman Carney said Monday 's events had not changed Obama 's opposition to so-called enhanced interrogation techniques . Panetta said he too saw no need for a return to using such techniques . "  Obviously , there was some valuable information that was derived through those kinds of interrogations , but I guess the question that everybody will always debate is whether or not those approaches had to be used in order to get the same information , " he told CBS News . "  And that , frankly , is an open question . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , Ted Barrett , Nick Paton Walsh , Elise Labott , Mary Snow , Allan Chernoff , Jeanne Meserve , Pam Benson , Brian Todd , Barbara Starr , Suzanne Kelly , Jessica Yellin and John King contributed to this report .	Attorney general declares the operation "  lawful , legitimate and appropriate in every way " Bin Laden was not armed when he was shot and killed , White House spokesman says A woman believed to be bin Laden 's wife was shot in the leg , Carney says
CNN  -- It 's the most complex construction project in history . NASA 's funding of the international space station is scheduled to end in 2016 . Flying 250 miles overhead , the international space station can be seen with the naked eye , orbiting the Earth every 90 minutes , usually carrying a crew of six . Now , before construction of the station is even complete , there is already talk of when the lights will be turned off . NASA is waiting for the Obama administration to decide how much longer the station will fly and exactly which direction the U.S. space agency will take next -- a return to the moon , or maybe a trip to Mars ? The initial phase of the international space station was launched in 1998 , although the station is still being expanded . The U.S. is one of 16 countries that help build and operate the station , whose laboratory runs a number of science experiments , including measuring the effects of space conditions , such as weightlessness , on humans . The U.S. contribution to the space station so far : $ 44 billion .  NASA says it does not keep track of contributions from the other 15 partners .  NASA 's funding of the space station is currently scheduled to end in 2016 . "  The general idea that we would spend approximately 11 years building the space station , get it to its full operational capability , and then kind of abandon it a few years later ... does n't make a lot of sense , " said Robert Braun , a former NASA chief engineer . Braun currently is the director of Georgia Tech 's Space Systems Design Laboratory . An independent committee reviewing the future of U.S. human spaceflight recently recommended to the White House that the station 's life be extended to 2020 . Watch more on the future of the space station " "  You 've got all of these different countries working together on this common project in space . And if we go ahead and stop ... it 's going to break up that framework , " said Leroy Chiao , a former space station commander and shuttle astronaut who sits on the advisory panel . "  The different countries around the world will lose confidence in the U.S. as a leader in space exploration , " he said . But the committee also found that the U.S. space program appears to be pursuing goals that exceed current funding levels . So it will be up to the Obama administration to chart a new course . NASA has been planning on retiring the aging space shuttle fleet upon completion of the space station in 2011 . That shuttle funding was to be used instead for NASA 's next great endeavor -- the Constellation Program , which would take astronauts back to the moon . But that means NASA would no longer have its own spacecraft to ferry astronauts to the space station . Until a new space vehicle is ready to fly , the U.S. will have to hitch a ride on Russia 's Soyuz capsule . One of the options the advisory committee has recommended is that NASA fly shuttles on a reduced schedule through 2015 to help close that gap , Chiao told CNN . "  That gap is real , " he said . "  It 's going to be there , and the only access we 're going to have -LSB- to the space station -RSB- is to buy seats on the Russian Soyuz . " Part of the problem with the U.S. space agency 's funding gap , according to some experts , is that NASA 's culture is to build . "  We 're always looking for that next engineering or construction project , " said Marco Caceres , a senior analyst on aerospace at the Teal Group . "  But the big thing is the science , and you ca n't sell that to the public . It 's not sexy , " he said . "  So NASA keeps moving on to other things , without putting the really hard work into doing what will benefit the people the most -- doing the things that station was designed to do in the first place . " Until now , the majority of the science done in space involves human experiments with microgravity . Such research is considered essential for long-duration missions on the space station , or for future trips to the moon or Mars . Biomedical challenges such as bone loss , cardiovascular issues , psychosocial issues and exposure to radiation must be resolved before humans can venture too far from Earth for too long . While promised space research on diseases like Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's has n't happened yet , some space science has brought encouragement . Astrogenetix , a private company , has used the zero-gravity environment aboard space shuttle flights to develop a salmonella vaccine , which is moving through the Food and Drug Administration 's approval process . Growing the bacteria in space is much easier than it is on Earth . "  That process on Earth ... can take up to 10 years . And we send it up to space , for really three trips , and we found that we already had a vaccine for salmonella , " said company Chairman Thomas Pickens . Astrogenetix also conducted an experiment on the last shuttle flight aimed at producing a vaccine for MRSA , a highly resistant staph infection . Pickens said that up until now , the space station has n't been a viable location for long-term , commercialized experiments . "  They 've been under construction , and you would n't do heart surgery in the middle of a construction site for a skyscraper , " he said . Now all NASA needs is direction from the White House -- and , of course , money . The station 's backers say you do n't spend a fortune constructing a customized house only to knock it down . But NASA also may need to conserve funds for a possible mission to Mars . Observers should find out soon whether the hope of groundbreaking science is enough for Obama to keep the space station aloft .	President Obama must decide how long to fund the international space station NASA 's funding of the space station is currently scheduled to end in 2016 The station 's laboratory can conduct valuable science experiments Obama may wish to shift NASA funding instead to missions to the moon or Mars
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej has been hospitalized with a high fever and irregular blood pressure , the palace said Saturday . The king , who was admitted to a hospital in Bangkok on Friday evening , appeared to be improving . "  On Saturday morning , his medical team announced that after being administered antibiotics intravenously , his blood pressure stabilized and his fever dropped , " the palace said in a statement . The 86-year-old is a member of the Chakri dynasty , which has occupied the Thai throne since the 18th century . The U.S.-born and Swiss-educated king is a deeply revered figure whose unifying appeal stretches across all elements of Thai society , from the rich urban elite to poor provincial farmers . He ascended to the throne in 1946 , and has reigned over more than 20 prime ministers , 17 military coups and 17 constitutions . CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , and Faith Karimi wrote and reported from Atlanta .	The king was admitted to a hospital in Bangkok He has reigned over more than 20 prime ministers
CNN  -- As a Latina activist I was devastated to learn the President would delay executive action to keep undocumented immigrants with no criminal record from getting deported . He 'd promised he 'd do it , our community expected it , and the country 's economy needed it -- especially as Republicans have abdicated their obligation to pass real and lasting legislative reform for our broken immigration system . But as a political strategist , I understand why the President delayed his decision . Let 's be clear : This is Obama 's promise delayed , not broken . The decision was indeed political . But unlike his critics on both sides of the aisle -- the activists who , like me , are deeply disappointed , and Republicans who hypocritically accuse him of giving Latinos a slap in the face -- I believe it was political for the right reasons . The President 's action was a political "  Hippocratic Oath : " first do no harm . There are a handful of vulnerable Democrats in very red states that are fighting to be re-elected , and control of the Senate is in the balance . Hanging on to a Democratic-controlled Senate is essential to the future of any legislative fix on immigration . It is also essential to keeping the President 's Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals , or DACA , in place . If Republicans take over the Senate , Latinos -- indeed the entire country -- can kiss any possibility of real reform goodbye and can expect an immediate full frontal attack to repeal DACA . The President said on "  Meet the Press " that the reason for the decision was that the politics on the issue had changed since he made the announcement in the Rose Garden in June . He is right . By June , public attention to the influx of unaccompanied minors was just starting to hit a crescendo . And Republicans were masterly in injecting cynicism as well as downright lies into the discussion of the cause of the influx and the security at the border . When the President finally makes his announcement before the end of the year , the American people , understandably distressed about what has been happening at the border , will deserve a full accounting on the realities of border security , the undocumented flows into the country , why our economy needs immediate action and why we need to achieve real legislative reform in the long run . With everything going on in the foreign policy arena as the country confronts a brutal terrorist organization in ISIS that is seeking to do us harm , as well as the politicking of midterm elections upon us , there is no room in the public square for a real dialogue that would explain and sustain the President 's Executive Action and draw support to the reasons to work toward real reform . The President will need to lay out facts and figures that prove the border is safer and more secure now than ever before . These would include : -- Under both President Clinton and President George W. Bush , the undocumented population grew at an unprecedented level . Even after the summer influx of undocumented children , under President Obama , the growth has been net negative . -- The flow of unaccompanied minors now is less than it was in February of 2013 . -- There has been an unprecedented surge in resources at the border under President Obama that includes doubling the number of Border Patrol agents and tripling the money that goes to technology and infrastructure . -- The border is safer today and border crime is down from 10 years ago . He should reiterate the benefits of letting undocumented immigrants work and contribute legally to our economy . He should explain that in the long run , these immigrants should have to get right with the law , pass a background check , pay a fine and back taxes , learn English , and then get in line behind others who are following current legal procedures in order to become a U.S. citizen  key elements to real immigration reform  . The President should underscore that passing real immigration reform will inject more than $ 700 billion into our economy over the next 10 years , and $ 1.4 trillion over the next 20 , reduce the deficit by almost a $ 1 trillion in the next 20 years , raise wages , as undocumented workers will no longer be taken advantage of by unscrupulous employers , and boost our overall global competitiveness . There is a reason why most  even conservative  economists support immigration reform and why the business community has joined with the faith community , law enforcement leaders and labor in an improbable alliance of partners working toward this type of reform . While I am disappointed the President 's executive action is not coming sooner -- and any family ripped apart in the interim is one too many -- we also have to consider two things that will make it improbable that an undocumented immigrant without a criminal record in the interior of the country would be immediately removed : 1  The 2011 new Department of Homeland Security policy that made it administration policy to deprioritize non-criminal undocumented immigrants and focus resources on removing the most dangerous criminals from our midst . In fact , of the 370,000 undocumented immigrants removed last year , all but 10,000 had criminal records -- and yes , that is still too big a number . This is why we need real reform now . 2  Since June , the removal architecture of the immigration system -- enforcement agents , and immigration judges -- has moved from the interior to the border to deal with the influx of unaccompanied minors more fairly and efficiently . I know these assurances are not enough for immigration activists seeking immediate relief . But even Latinos who are as deeply saddened as I am that we will not see action for another several weeks , at least , understand that what we will be getting from President Obama is far more effective and real than what we have gotten so far from Republicans who have turned their backs on our community and the American economy . If not for GOP inaction , immigration reform would be a reality today . So amigos , let 's be confident President Obama will act before the end of the year . If he does n't , I will be the first one to join you in a picket line at the White House .	As an activist , Maria Cardona devastated that Obama deferring executive order on immigration As a strategy , though , she gets it . He did n't want it used by GOP as election issue to win Senate She says if GOP wins , kiss immigration reform and DACA goodbye . Advocates , be patient Cardona : If he fails to deliver after vote , she 'll join immigration activists , hold him to account
The Hollywood Reporter  A rebellious young woman , a sniper and an aging rocker are heading to theaters this weekend with the releases of "  Insurgent , " "  The Gunman " and "  Danny Collins . " Find out what The Hollywood Reporter 's critics are saying about the weekend 's new offerings  as well as which film will likely top the weekend 's box office  . Read More : ` Insurgent ' : Veronica Roth on Tris Holding Guns , That Mystery Box and Major Book-Movie Changes The second installment in the film series based on the YA book trilogy stars Shailene Woodley , Theo James , Miles Teller , Ansel Elgort , Kate Winslet , Naomi Watts and Octavia Spencer . Robert Schwentke took over directorial duties for the film , which centers on a young woman who confronts the authorities in her society . THR film critic Sheri Linden writes in her review that the series "  offers a more cohesive and involving second installment , " wihile Schwentke "  brings a flair for taut and flavorful action . " Sean Penn , Javier Bardem and Mark Rylance star in director Pierre Morel 's action film about a sniper on the run in the Congo . "  This is pretty boilerplate stuff that takes itself way too seriously , " writes THR film critic Leslie Felperin in her review . A rock star regrets his life choices after he finds a long-lost letter to him from John Lennon in writer-director Dan Fogelman 's dramedy . Al Pacino , Jennifer Garner and Annette Bening star . According to THR chief film critic Todd McCarthy , the film "  does n't take long to reveal itself as thoroughly cutesy , cornball stuff . " Read his full review here . © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	In theaters : "  Insurgent , " sequel to "  Divergent " Sean Penn stars in "  The Gunman " "  Danny Collins " features Al Pacino as man who receives lost letter from John Lennon
CNN  -- After almost 17 years in prison , this was it : This was The Moment . Gloria Killian 's murder conviction had been overturned . Carrying a small bag of her belongings , she walked out of prison as a free woman . Only ex-prisoners can fully know the emotions that overtake someone during such a moment . It 's a mix of two feelings : joy -- for surviving their ordeal -- and fear about the challenges they surely will face in the outside world . For Killian 's friend Joyce Ride , then in her late 70s , picking up Killian was also very emotional . "  Seeing her walk out was a really great joy , " Ride told CNN , recalling that day in 2002 . "  It was like a load was lifted off my shoulders . " The two women noticed a crowd of inmates and visitors had gathered to watch this magic moment . Suddenly the inmates started waving goodbye . The sendoff was sort of a thank-you note . "  Gloria was very popular , " Ride said . Killian had used her education as a former law student to perform legal work for some of the inmates . Killian settled into Ride 's passenger seat and Ride steered toward the exit . "  We did a lap around the parking lot to wave back at them , " said Ride . Half an hour later , the two friends enjoyed a meal at an Italian restaurant , where Killian savored her first glass of wine since 1986 . For someone sentenced to 32 years to life , it was a sweet victory following a hard-fought journey . "  I 'm annoyed by injustice . Profoundly annoyed , " Ride said . "  This was clearly an injustice . " Six suitcases of silver It all started in 1981 , when Stephen DeSantis -- disguised as a phone repairman -- entered the home of elderly coin collector Ed Davies and his wife , Grace , in suburban Sacramento , California . According to the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , DeSantis tied up the couple and was joined inside the house by his cousin Gary Masse . Ed Davies was shot and killed . His wife was also shot , but survived . The cousins stole six suitcases of silver . After an anonymous phone tip accused Masse and DeSantis , police went on the hunt . "  When officers attempted to find Masse , they encountered his wife , Joanne , who told the officers that a woman named Gloria planned the robbery , " appeals court documents said . Killian was a former law student in her 30s who 'd never been in trouble with the law . Masse 's wife told police her husband had met Killian through a mutual friend , according to Killian 's book , "  Full Circle . " Police questioned Killian and held her without bail for about four months . She told police she was innocent and had never met Masse , and was released for lack of evidence . Then , without warning a year later , police locked Killian away again without bail . Masse had suddenly told authorities that Killian was the crime 's mastermind . For a time , the death penalty loomed over Killian , but in 1983 the California Supreme Court changed the rules regarding the execution of accomplices to murder . That ruling made Killian eligible for bail until her trial began , more than two years later . Although Masse implicated Killian at the trial , his cousin DeSantis had testified at his separate trial that "  Killian was not involved in the crime in any way and that he had never even met or heard of Killian , " according to court documents . But the jury believed Masse 's story and convicted Killian on charges of murder , robbery and conspiracy . She was locked up at the California Institution for Women prison at Chino . ` She probably was n't a criminal ' It was n't until the early 1990s that Joyce Ride came to the rescue . She was visiting women inmates as a member of Friends Outside , one of many nonprofits across the nation that help inmates and their families cope with incarceration and transitioning to and from prison life . By supporting prisoner visits by friends and family members , Friends Outside says , it reduces stress among prisoners , preventing despair and unhealthy behavior . Ride had already raised two daughters as a California housewife . One had grown up to become a Presbyterian minister . The other , the late Sally Ride , had become NASA 's first woman astronaut . A nun who volunteered by visiting women in jail inspired Ride to learn more about why so many women who are victims of domestic abuse end up in prison . After her husband died , Ride began dedicating many of her days to visiting incarcerated women . "  It interested me , " she said . Ride 's younger daughter , the minister , understood . But it confused her astronaut daughter . "  Sally could n't figure out why I was visiting prisons , " Ride said . Compared to her work at NASA , she said , "  it was a whole other world . " It was pure coincidence that Joyce Ride met Killian in prison . They hoped to work together to help women inmates who had suffered from domestic violence . "  Gloria had a good sense of humor and we just got along very well , " Ride remembered . After about a year of visits , "  it dawned on me she probably was n't a criminal . So I asked her why she was there . " Killian told Ride her story . Ride was convinced Killian was innocent . She felt that she had to do something . Despite Killian 's objections , Ride started financing a private investigation and legal battle that eventually would win Killian 's freedom . "  I was willing to be stubborn and do what it takes , " Ride said . "  Of course when I started out I did n't know what it was going to cost . " The decade-long battle cost Ride about $ 100,000 . She sold stocks to raise money for Killian 's defense and had to pay taxes on that income , she said . Ride 's private investigator , Darryl Carlson , uncovered a damning piece of evidence : It was a letter that proved the prosecution 's star witness , Masse , had struck a deal . In exchange for leniency , Masse testified that Killian was the master planner of the home invasion and murder . Killian 's prosecutor had never shared that letter with Killian 's lawyers during the original trial . Read the prosecutor 's letter In hopes of overturning the conviction , Killian 's lawyers used this and two other letters to appeal to the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals . Circuit Judge Michael Daly Hawkins wrote that the letters "  exposed Masse 's motivation to lie and tended to show that he did lie . " The letters made Masse 's testimony worthless and "  without it , there was no case , " Hawkins wrote . Hawkins noted that one of the other documents discovered by Killian 's team was a letter Masse "  wrote to the prosecutor shortly after Killian 's trial in which he emphasized that he ` lied  his  ass off on the stand ' for the government . " Read the official transcript of Masse 's letter Read the opinion of the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Eventually , prosecutors dismissed the charges against Killian . The ordeal was over . But not before Killian had spent nearly two decades behind bars . Housemates In 2008 , State Bar of California prosecutors brought "  prosecutorial misconduct " disciplinary charges against the prosecutor , Christopher Cleland . The court ruled Cleland was "  culpable of failing to disclose exculpatory evidence  one letter  to the defense ... " As a result , the court determined Cleland should receive an "  admonishment " â $ " which is considered neither discipline nor exoneration . Read the California State Bar Court 's decision Now , a dozen years after her release , Killian and Ride are still supporting each other as the best of friends -- sharing Ride 's home in Claremont , California . "  All of Gloria 's relatives died while she was in prison , " Ride said . "  So , when she got out , I offered her a place to stay . " They 've recently taken in a third housemate , a woman Killian befriended in prison . In the decade since her release , Killian has raised money to help women prisoners . She has founded an advocacy group , the Action Committee for Women in Prison . She also tells her story on the speaking circuit . At age 90 , Ride is n't stopping either . She 's still volunteering and visiting inmates . "  Prisoners are persons like the rest of us , and they 've made mistakes , " Ride said . "  I think prisoners need friends on the outside . " For Killian , having that friend made all the difference in the world . Ride says America should do more to support the nation 's prison population . What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Joyce Ride 's $ 100K probe overturned a murder conviction Gloria Killian served nearly 17 years for murder ; eventually , charges were dismissed Private eye finds jaw-dropping proof of a plea deal for testimony Ride , mom to the late astronaut , volunteers to befriend prisoners
CNN  -- As numerous news organizations have reported , Russia has sent two planes so that about 100 of its citizens who want to can leave Syria . Tellingly , the planes were not sent to Damascus where the security situation around the airport has reportedly deteriorated , but to Beirut instead to which the Russians departing Syria traveled by bus . In its characteristic fashion , the Russian government has denied that this is an evacuation . An unnamed Russian diplomat in Damascus , though , did not rule out the possibility of further flights . Russian naval exercises in the Mediterranean may also be the prelude to a seaborne evacuation from the Syrian coast . These actions are not the first indication that Moscow expects the Assad regime may fall . Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov acknowledged this possibility in December , and President Vladimir Putin himself seemed to distance himself from President Bashar al-Assad a week later . Arranging for the emergency departure of Russian citizens from Syria though , is the most serious indication to date that the Kremlin is preparing for the further weakening or even the downfall of the Assad regime . Read more : The Moscow-Damascus alliance , a tangled tale These Russian moves , of course , are not ones that the Assad regime can be pleased with . The top leaders as well as officers in its security services , though , may have a strong incentive to protect the Russian exodus in order to secure their own prospects for fleeing to Russia in the event that the regime falls . After opposing Western calls for al-Assad to leave Syria for so long , Moscow is not going to publicly urge him to do so before it is too late . The very fact that Moscow has begun to organize the departure of its own citizens from Syria though , is a signal that al-Assad still has a window of opportunity to depart . Moscow has not yet withdrawn its personnel from the Russian embassy in Damascus . If and when it does , this will signal that the Kremlin has determined that the regime really is about to fall . The departure of Russian embassy personnel may also be the last opportunity for al-Assad and his family to leave Damascus with Moscow 's assistance . The downfall of the Assad regime will present challenges both for neighboring countries and for all the major powers . Because of its ties to the Assad regime the challenges that Moscow faces in Syria after its downfall will be especially difficult . Moscow will want to keep its naval facilities at the Syrian port of Tartus as well as its economic and trade relations with Syria . Yet while the West may be willing to accommodate Moscow here , it is not clear that a new Syrian government that is resentful over Moscow 's past support for Assad will be . If the Alawite minority that the Assad regime is based on manages to flee to its heartland on the Syrian coast and establish a mini-state there , Moscow will face some especially difficult choices . That rump regime will be eager to allow Moscow to keep its naval facility at Tartus and continue receiving Russian arms . If Moscow agrees to do this , however , it will not only have hostile relations with the new Sunni-dominated regime in Damascus that is likely to arise , but also with Sunni-led governments throughout the Arab world . The new Sunni-dominated government  or just various Sunni forces  may decide to retaliate through attacking Russian personnel in the intra-Syrian conflict that is likely to continue , and perhaps through assisting Sunni Muslim rebels in the North Caucasus and Russia 's other Muslim regions . Yet if Moscow does not back it , this rump Alawite regime may not last long and the new Sunni-dominated Syrian government might expel the Russians anyway . Moscow did not have to back the Assad regime as much as it has . But because it did , Russian interests in Syria are especially likely to suffer as it continues to crumble . Most unfortunately , it is the Russian citizens now desperately trying to escape from Syria who may suffer most from the consequences of Moscow 's poor choices .	Russia has sent two planes so that about 100 of its citizens who want to can leave Syria The Russian government has denied that this is an evacuation These actions are not the first indication that Moscow expects the Assad regime may fall , says Katz
CNN  -- There 's a classic rap song from the early 1990s called "  It Was a Good Day " where Ice Cube chronicles 24 hours of peace and happiness on the otherwise rough and dangerous streets of South Central Los Angeles . Twenty-four hours when he did n't have to shoot his AK-47 . When he won a ton of money gambling . And when he had lots of sex . Naturally , the only part of the song I can relate to is the fact that he ate breakfast . Of course , Ice Cube 's "  good day " was purely fictional . It 's just a song . And if you want to have a quick listen , my best advice is to wear headphones because it 's definitely not safe for work . That said , mom , if you are at home , feel free to blast it loud and be all gangsta . Invite the neighbors . Get funky . But what if this was real ? What if Ice Cube really did have a good day . When might that have been ? The answer : January 20 , 1992 . At least according to 28-year-old stand-up-comedian Donovan Strain . In early 2012 -- 20 years after the song was originally released -- Strain , with presumably nothing better to do between gigs , actually pinpointed this specific date by piecing together key facts from the lyrics . "  It only took me 30 minutes , " he wrote me in an e-mail . "  I did all the research on my iPhone while I was upside down on my couch . " Really , I 'm encouraged by his general lack of effort . Strain may or may not have burned an entire calorie while , once again , proving all good things in life can be accomplished in half an hour . And probably without pants . Strain later posted his research on Tumblr where , perhaps , somebody would find a noble application for this otherwise completely useless information . And amazingly , because we are living in truly magical times , somebody actually did . A few weeks ago , four longtime friends got together and launched an online fundraising project based on Strain 's research and Ice Cube 's Song . They 're calling it the Good Day Blimp . I spoke with two of the project creators , Jon Barco and Andy Dao , and they explained that their goal is to raise a bunch of money and then guilt-trip  my words  the Goodyear company into flying their iconic airship high in the sky on January 20 while spelling out in lights : ICE CUBE 'S A PIMP . This , referencing key lyrics from the song : No helicopter looking for a murder / Two in the morning , got the Fat Burger / Even saw the lights of the Goodyear Blimp / And it read "  Ice Cube 's a Pimp . " Basically , these guys want to make Ice Cube 's good day the best day . For everyone ! And , to do so , they 're aiming to raise at least $ 25,000 through Crowdtilt that they will then donate to the South Central Los Angeles charity , A Place Called Home , which works to provide a safe , positive , family environment for at-risk youth . But Goodyear must agree to fly the blimp and light up the sky with ICE CUBE 'S A PIMP . Essentially , it 's corporate extortion for a good cause . Andy Dao told me they want to "  rally the masses to donate money ... in hopes to put enough social pressure on Goodyear . " He also added , "  We would n't have put this much work into something like this if we did n't think there was at least some percentage of obtaining the goal . " But the Good Day Blimp guys might not want to hold their breath . Goodyear explained to CNN that they "  receive thousands of requests every year for our blimps . Unfortunately , we are not able to accommodate all of these . However , we are proud of our long record of supporting charities over the past 40 years . " The company also said they would speak directly with A Place Called Home to find a way to support the organization . To be fair to Goodyear , they do have to be careful about setting a bad precedent . If you fly it for one organization , it 's difficult to say no to others . "  Hi , this is Jim from the National Association of Naked Clowns . " But , in this specific case , the request does sort of have a very direct connection to the blimp . So it 's different . And if Goodyear decides to let this one happen , people just might understand . But there 's also the issue of the word "  pimp . " It 's not necessarily profane , but it also is n't one of the key buzzwords that companies like to use publicly . Other words to avoid include : napalm , Miley , and gonads . The point is this . When you 're flying a corporate blimp , displaying the word "  PIMP " is certainly a bit more taboo than , say , lighting up the sky with : "  DIANE , WILL YOU MARRY ME ? " Yet , decidedly less taboo than : "  NAPALM MILEY GONADS . " Jon Barco acknowledges that even if they raise the $ 25k , it 's going to be tough to convince Goodyear to use the word "  pimp . " He says , "  That word is a point of contention for sure . But we want to remind people that good days do exist , and the best way to do that is with one big , grand gesture . " So what does Ice Cube think of all this ? Coincidentally , he just happened to be in the CNN Center in Atlanta this week , promoting his new movie "  Ride Along " with Kevin Hart . I caught up with him in the hallway and told him all about the project . "  I think it 's dope , " he said . Dope means "  good , " mom . Sort of like your meatloaf is totally dope ! "  You know , I 've been trying to get  Goodyear  to do it for years , and now we have some real momentum behind it . " Cube further endorsed the project by saying , "  Let 's try to get ` ICE CUBE 'S A PIMP ' up on that blimp soon , man . Donate ! Put in your church money ! Give everything ! " Or just a little . All donations are welcome , but those who give $ 50 or more will receive a special limited edition "  Good Day Blimp " poster illustrated by the artist , Michael Marsicano . If they reach the money goal and Goodyear complies , that is . The project creators stressed that they will never actually touch the funds , and if everything goes according to plan , A Place Called Home will get the money directly from Crowdtilt . If it fails , donations will not be processed . So , it 's all or nothing . And nothing would be very un-dope . Unlike my mom 's meatloaf . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . *** Update : It was a ` good day ' for Ice Cube ***	In the early 90 's rapper Ice Cube released the track "  It Was A Good Day " Comedian Donovan Strain believes Ice Cube 's "  good day " was January 20 , 1992 An organization called Good Day Blimp is trying to convince Goodyear to fly their famous airship on January 20th
CNN  -- A second former co-owner of the California slaughterhouse involved in a recall of nearly nine million pounds of meat was charged with knowingly processing and distributing meat from cancerous cows , court documents released this week say . Robert Singleton , co-owner of the Rancho Feeding Corporation in Petaluma , was primarily responsible for purchasing cattle and loading shipments for distribution , prosecutors say . He is charged with distributing "  adulterated , misbranded , and uninspected " meat , according to the documents . Singleton jointly owned the meat plant with Jesse J. Amaral Jr. , the former president and general manager who is also known as also known as "  Babe Amaral . " Amaral and his former employees , Felix Sandoval Cabrera and Eugene Corda , have all been charged with unlawful sale and distribution of contaminated meat . Prosecutors allege that Amaral and Singleton directed Corda and Cabrera to circumvent inspection procedures for certain cows with signs of epithelioma of the eye , also known as "  cancer eye . " While Singleton is accused of knowingly purchasing cattle with signs of epithelioma , Amaral allegedly directed employees to carve "  USDA Condemned " stamps out of certain cow carcasses and to process them for sale and distribution , despite having been rejected by the U.S. Department of Agriculture veterinarian . Amaral is also charged with sending false invoices to farmers , telling them that their cattle had died or been condemned and charging them "  handling fees " for disposal of the carcasses , instead of compensating them for the sale price , prosecutors said . If convicted , Singleton faces up to three years imprisonment , with one year of supervised release , and a $ 10,000 fine . Amaral , Cabrera and Corda could receive up to 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . CNN 's attempts this week to reach the four men and an attorney representing them have been unsuccessful . Between January 2013 and January 2014 , Rancho processed and distributed meat from approximately 101 condemned cattle and approximately 79 cancer eye cows , according to court documents . In February , 8.7 million pounds of meat from the Rancho plant was recalled . The recalled beef may have reached 35 states and Guam , the Department of Agriculture said . Opinion : Recalls and near misses -- Who 's protecting us ?	A former co-owner of a California slaughterhouse is accused of distributing bad meat The other co-owner and two former workers are also facing charges in the case Prosecutors : Robert Singleton was responsible for buying cows and loading shipments Authorities recalled nearly 9 million pounds of meat from the slaughterhouse in February
CNN  -- One of the three teenagers accused of setting another boy on fire in Florida in 2009 has been found guilty of the lesser charge of aggravated battery , officials said . Matthew Bent , 17 , charged as an adult , will be sentenced July 23 , according to Kim Fontana in the State Attorney 's Office in Broward County . Bent faces a sentence of four years and five months to 15 years . Bent originally was charged with second-degree attempted murder in the Deerfield Beach attack . The jury returned the verdict Tuesday . The three teens -- Bent , Denver Jarvis and Jesus Mendez -- were accused of pouring alcohol over Michael Brewer and setting him on fire , after a dispute over $ 40 . Brewer suffered burns over 65 % of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months . Jarvis and Mendez pleaded no contest and are serving time in prison . Both testified during Bent 's trial , according to CNN affiliate WBFS in Miami . Bent did not take the stand , and his defense did not call any witnesses , the affiliate reported . "  I am asking that now , today , 975 days later asking you to hold this young man responsible for his actions , " prosecutor Maria Schneider said during the trial , according to WBFS . "  You ca n't orchestrate something then wipe your hands and say , ` Oh they did it ! They did it on their own , I had nothing to do with it . ' " Detectives say Bent demanded $ 40 he said Brewer owed him and , when he did n't pay , Bent allegedly stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle . Brewer fingered Bent to police , who arrested the teen . The next day , after Bent was released , the three found Brewer and allegedly surrounded him . Police say witnesses told them his attackers called Brewer a "  snitch . " Detectives say eyewitnesses told them that then-15-year-old Jarvis poured alcohol over Brewer and then-16-year-old Mendez used a lighter to start the fire . Bent allegedly encouraged the attack . Mendez has admitted setting Brewer on fire , and that he made a "  bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript . Brewer ran about 100 yards to an apartment complex pool , where he dove in . Speaking in 2010 , he told CNN 's John Zarrella that he wished he could deal with his three former friends himself . "  But , it 's over and done with , " Brewer said then . "  I think they 're just jerks and they got what they deserved . "	Matthew Bent was convicted of aggravated battery He and two other teens were accused of setting Michael Brewer on fire in 2009 Brewer suffered burns over 65 % of his body and was hospitalized for more than two months
CNN  -- For more than half a year , super PACs and other third-party advertisers have aired misleading attacks against Republican Massachusetts incumbent Sen. Scott Brown and his probable Democratic opponent , professor Elizabeth Warren .  You can see a sample of these ads at FlackCheck.org .  . By calling on these groups to stay out of their contest , Brown and Warren are attempting to do something about "  air pollution " in their state . There 's a way that Massachusetts viewers and TV and radio stations in the state can help them achieve that goal . The same option is available in the presidential contest , in which the leading Republican presidential contenders have called repeatedly on their third-party champions and challengers to forgo deception . Like those of Warren and Brown , their complaints are justified . In South Carolina and in Florida , the pro-Romney super PAC that calls itself "  Restoring Our Future " wrongly accused former House Speaker Newt Gingrich of supporting legislation facilitating abortion in China and of being "  fined " $ 300,000 for ethics violations when instead he was required to reimburse the costs of the investigation . The same pseudonymous group also invited the false conclusion that former Sen. Rick Santorum had voted to restore voting rights to felons who were still serving time . To this mix , in South Carolina the pro-Stephen Colbert super PAC that styled itself "  Making a Better Tomorrow , Tomorrow " added a funny but flawed ad that showed "  Mitt the Ripper " shredding the names of companies that had met their demise under  here 's the misleading part  someone else 's watch . Romney 's history at Bain elicited another third-party volley in Florida in the form of an American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees '  AFSCME  ad that wrongly attempted to enmesh the former governor in Medicare fraud at a Bain-owned company . Not to be outdone , the pro-Gingrich super PAC cloaked in the name "  Winning Our Future " has trafficked out the false allegation that Romney 's health reform in Massachusetts is "  government-run health care "  a claim repeatedly debunked by fact-checkers  that "  sent costs spiraling out of control , hiking premiums , squeezing household budgets " when , instead , as Politifact noted , "  cost increases for individual households are largely due to the fact that health care costs have been rising across the country . " While recent court decisions ensure that uprooting super PACS from the political landscape is a fool 's errand , making their deceptive televised claims vanish is easier . The reason ? Where , with some exceptions , TV and radio stations are required to air  and are barred from censoring  federal candidates ' ads , no such requirements govern the messages of outside groups . And , significantly , stations have the right to insist on the accuracy of the "  independent expenditure " ads they accept . So the answer to "  air pollution " by super PACs is simple : Television and radio stations should just say no to misleading third-party ads . To increase their incentive to do so in a world where ad revenue bolsters the bottom line , viewers might want to tweet or blog  or send something once known as a letter  applauding responsible station action or decrying business as usual . To find out which Florida TV stations have aired ads flagged by the major fact checking organizations , go to FlackCheck.org . Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Hall Jamieson .	Candidates for U.S. Senate in Mass. are seeking to prevent deceptive super PAC ads Kathleen Hall Jamieson : Such ads could be stopped nationwide if TV stations refused to air them She says stations are required to air candidates ' ads , but not those of independent groups Jamieson : Ads that distort candidates ' records should n't be given air time
Washington  CNN  Jeb Bush 's money machine expectations , Al Gore 's Iowa trip , Rand Paul 's Iran strategy and John Boehner 's next move were all topics around the "  Inside Politics " table this Sunday . Jeb Bush is going to be doubling down on his contrast with Hillary Clinton on transparency , using the emails he released from his time as governor of Florida -- and maybe the U.S. 's largest e-retailer . While Bush has already released the first chapter of his e-book on his website , Ron Fournier of the National Journal reports that Bush is in serious negotiations with Amazon for a big deal that would have the full memoir published across all its platforms , including Kindle . "  He 'll use the emails to draw a narrative of his time in Florida -- the highs , the lows , but also some mistakes , some errors , " said Fournier . Many recent presidential candidates have written books before or during their runs for the White House , but all have to prove themselves in the race for campaign cash . One of the big early tests for presidential candidates is to prove they can raise the money for the long haul . And the first lap in the money primary winds up at the end of this month , when candidates have to report their first-quarter fund-raising totals . CNN 's John King reveals that there is a bit of an expectations game clash underway as we head into the final weeks of the quarter . Team Bush got a bit dismayed when several allies started talking about a record-smashing $ 100 million quarter for his "  Right To Rise " political action committee . Now , some Bush allies are bragging that a $ 50 million figure would still be a big deal . Are they trying to truly lower expectations -- or just create space for a bigger number to be a bigger deal ? We 'll know in three weeks . After Hillary Clinton 's email controversy , there 's been a lot of talk about who would step in if she bowed out as a potential Democratic presidential candidate . One high-profile politician who 's planning his first trip to Iowa in over a decade has a lot of Hawkeye State Democrats buzzing , according to CNN 's Jeff Zeleny . "  Former Vice President Al Gore  says he 's not running . I 'm sure he 's not , but he 's doing a climate leadership workshop that 's getting everyone there sort of excited , " said Zeleny . "  By then , Hillary Clinton will probably already be in the race , but Democrats in Iowa who are hungry for a different type of politics might be signing up for these workshops May 5 through the 7th in Cedar Rapids . " As the deadline nears for a nuclear policy agreement between Iran and six world powers including the U.S. , all eyes will be on Sen. Rand Paul . Paul has been trying to shore up his foreign policy credentials to satisfy the more hawkish elements in the Republican Party , but Bloomberg 's Lisa Lerer questions whether his attempts are working . "  This past week he signed on as a co-sponsor to legislation giving Congress final say over any deal that 's struck by the administration , " said Lerer . "  It 's unlikely to be enough to satisfy parts of the Republican base and also satisfy key donors for the party who are very concerned about Israel . " "  He also came under fire this past week for not applauding vociferously enough during Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu 's speech . I think a lot of eyes will be on him this month as we delve into these issues . " As Congress ' slugfest over Homeland Security funding ends , NPR 's Juana Summers looks ahead to more tough fights for House Speaker John Boehner , including appropriations battles and the fall 's debt ceiling fight . One of the keys to the outcome of these future clashes is Boehner 's plan to handle the House GOP 's contentious tea party members . "  Is Boehner willing to continually antagonize the far right wing of his party and pass legislation with Democrats ? Or will he be passing bills with only Republicans ? " asks Summers . "  And that , I think , will tell us a lot about what the Congress will look like in the next few years to come . "	The Bush money machine faces the expectations game Al Gore 's trip back to Iowa has some Democrats buzzing
If you 're a person who hates it when your supervisor looks over your shoulder at work , you may want to stop reading this column right now . Because what follows is only going to depress you . Hitachi , the big electronics company based in Japan , is manufacturing and selling to corporations a device intended to increase efficiency in the workplace . It has a rather bland and generic-sounding name : the Hitachi Business Microscope . But what it is capable of doing ... well , just imagine being followed around the office or the factory all day by the snoopiest boss in the world . Even into the restroom . And , the thing is , once you hear about it , you just know that , from a management point of view , it is an innovation of absolute genius . Here 's how it works : The device looks like an employee ID badge that most companies issue . Workers are instructed to wear it in the office . Embedded inside each badge , according to Hitachi , are "  infrared sensors , an accelerometer , a microphone sensor and a wireless communication device . " Hitachi says that the badges record and transmit to management "  who talks to whom , how often , where and how energetically . " It tracks everything . If you get up to walk around the office a lot , the badge sends information to management about how often you do it , and where you go . If you stop to talk with people throughout the day , the badge transmits who you 're talking to  by reading your co-workers ' badges  , and for how long . Do you contribute at meetings , or just sit there ? Either way , the badge tells your bosses . The stated intention of this is to increase productivity and get the most out of employees . But a case can be made that , however much we worry that the National Security Agency may be peeking into our lives , we should be just as concerned -- or more -- about the potential for corporations to become their own , private NSAs . And there 's not much , in the future , that employees will be able to do about it . With government surveillance , the public can complain that the state has no right to be scrutinizing the lives of its citizens so intrusively . But corporations can make the argument that supervisors have always been encouraged to keep an eye on how workers are spending their time when they 're on the clock -- and that electronic tools such as the Business Microscope are simply a 21st-century way to do that . The employers are paying for their workers ' time , the argument will go -- and if the employees do n't like being accountable for how they spend that time , they can always choose to work elsewhere . Hitachi says that by analyzing the "  enormous amount of data collected with the Business Microscope , it will be possible to propose methods to improve organizational communication and quantitatively evaluate efficacy . " Among the activities the badges record and transmit , according to Hitachi , are "  the distance between people talking face-to face " and "  an individual 's activity level  active or nonactive  , which is determined on the basis of subtle movements detected  such as talking , nodding and silence  . " And the sensor badges never sleep . They never take breaks . They do n't go to lunch . As H. James Wilson , a senior researcher at Babson Executive Education , wrote in the Wall Street Journal , the badges not only transmit who employees are talking to and how long the conversations go on , but can "  also measure how well they 're talking to them . " If you 're in a conference room with colleagues and they are animated participants in a discussion about , say , sales strategy , while you just remain quiet in your seat , the badge knows it . Businesses have long dreamed of maximum efficiency , and Hitachi says that , since the Business Microscope was first developed in its labs in 2007 , "  over one million days of human behavior and big data " have been collected . You can imagine the surveillance experts at NSA , and at spy agencies for governments around the world , hearing about what Hitachi has come up with , shaking their heads in admiration , and saying : "  Boy , those guys are good ! " The long-term question will be whether companies , in the name of workplace output , will want to risk the morale problems that will inevitably arise among employees who are instructed to wear such devices , manufactured either by Hitachi or by other firms that will engineer their own digital tracking machinery . Technology always wins , but victory can come with a price . And if employees bristle and become resentful about being kept on such a short electronic leash , that could bring about productivity problems of a different sort . Unhappy workers are not motivated to put in extra effort . Of course , the employees could get up from their desks , congregate in an out-of-the-way corner of the office , and bitterly complain about it all . But the badges would know . And tell .	A device , the Hitachi Business Microscope , is designed to track workers in the workplace Bob Greene : This technology allows corporations to become their own , private NSAs He says while maker of device says this can help increase productivity , what about morale ? Greene : Workers are likely to be resentful about being kept on an electronic leash
Los Angeles  CNN  -- People living downwind of the Port of Los Angeles were warned to stay indoors because of potentially toxic smoke from a wharf fire Tuesday morning . A hundred firefighters , using boats , trucks , helicopters and scuba gear , extinguished the blaze Monday night , but the Los Angeles Police Department issued a smoke hazard alert early Tuesday . "  If you are in the Port of Los Angeles area , please shelter in place , " the alert said . "  This means stay indoors . Â Bring your pets inside if possible . Close your doors and windows . Turn off air conditioning . " The four-alarm fire burned about 150 feet of a wooden dock that stretched under a warehouse and threatened nearby cargo ships , Los Angeles Fire Department spokeswoman Katherine Main said . The warehouse did not catch fire , but heavy timbers under it burned , she said . The Port of Los Angeles , about 20 miles south of downtown Los Angeles , is the busiest container port in the United States and ranks 16th in the world , according to the American Association of Port Authorities . CNN 's Artemis Moshtaghian contributed to this report .	Firefighters used boats , trucks , helicopters and scuba gear to put out the wharf fire LAPD warns residents near the port to stay indoors Tuesday morning because of smoke The four-alarm fire burned about 150 feet of a wooden dock Monday night The Port of Los Angeles is about 20 miles south of downtown Los Angeles
CNN  -- Spanish champions Barcelona have announced they 've agreed a deal to sign Javier Mascherano from Liverpool . The Argentina international asked to be sold in July and has recently been left out of Liverpool 's squad as his drawn out move neared completion . Mascherano is now expected to fly to Barcelona this weekend to put the finishing touches to a transfer believed to be in the region of $ 27 million . A statement on Barcelona 's official website read : "  FC Barcelona and Liverpool FC have reached agreement in principle for the transfer of Javier Mascherano , who will join the club for the next four seasons . "  The agreement was reached after considerable effort from the club over the last few hours and the willingness and desire of the player to make the move . "  FC Barcelona will give more details of the operation once the player has gone through his medical and the transfer is definitive . Javier Mascherano is expected to arrive in Barcelona this weekend . " Mascherano played in Liverpool 's opening English Premier League fixture with Arsenal , but did not feature in either of the club 's next two games , as he tried to push through the deal . He was signed from West Ham in January 2007 by former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez -- now in charge at European champions Inter Milan . New Liverpool coach Roy Hodgson had set a deadline of Sunday for the deal to be finalized , as the two clubs haggled over a fee . Liverpool also confirmed the deal on their website : "  Liverpool Football Club have agreed terms for the transfer of Javier Mascherano to FC Barcelona . "  The Spanish club have now been given permission to speak to the Argentina midfielder . "	Barcelona have agreed a deal with Liverpool for Javier Mascherano Argentina international set to finalize terms with Spanish champions The 26-year-old joined Liverpool in January 2007
CNN  -- A Brazilian actor died after accidentally hanging himself during the play "  The Passion of the Christ , " a local hospital said . Tiago Klimeck , 27 , was one of the actors from a local theater company taking part in an independent production of the play April 6 in the city of Itarare . Klimeck died Sunday after spending more than two weeks in a medically induced coma due to extensive brain injuries from a prolonged lack of oxygen after accidentally hanging himself , according to the Hospital Santa Casa de Misericordia , in the neighboring city of Itapeva . The cause of death was not immediately available . Photos taken by a local photographer show the final moments of the play as Klimeck , in the role of Judas Iscariot , hangs himself as described in the Bible in the book of Matthew . Klimeck wore a harness under his robe during the play , according to CNN affiliate TV Record . Police investigator Jose Victor Bassetti told the news station this was the third year the local fire department let the theater company borrow the harness for the play and that Klimeck was not supervised because he knew how to use the equipment . The harness , along with the rope used in the play , are now being analyzed at the Criminal Institute of Sorocaba . Luiz Carlos Rosner owns a sandwich cart next to the city square where the play was taking place . He described the anxiety after cast members realized Klimeck was unconscious . "  One of the actors came over to me , desperate , explaining there was someone unconscious hanging from the rope and that he wanted to cut it , " Rosner told TV Record . "  I was a little worried about giving him a knife in the middle of the crowd . "	Tiago Klimeck , 27 , died Sunday after accidentally hanging himself April 6 He spent more than two weeks in a medically induced coma Klimeck was playing the role of Judas Iscariot , who hangs himself Report : Klimeck wore a harness under his robe ; the harness is now being analyzed
CNN  -- In a stunning reversal of fortunes , Egypt 's President Mohamed Morsy was deposed by a military coup just one year after being sworn in as president . The Egyptian protesters who took to the streets by the millions over the past several days to demand Morsy 's resignation were jubilant as news spread Wednesday that their goal had been met : Morsy 's Muslim Brotherhood-backed government was gone , along with its creeping authoritarianism and mismanagement . The leaders of the protest movement are insisting that what happened was not a military coup , but rather a remarkably peaceful demonstration of the will of the people to achieve the original goals of the revolution : bread , freedom , social justice and human dignity . Morsy 's embittered supporters see it quite differently : Even as their democratically elected leader was talking compromise with an opposition that would have none of it , he was pushed out of office by a military that positioned its tanks in strategic locations throughout the capital , took control of state media , and has placed Morsy and key advisers under house arrest . The Muslim Brotherhood website on Thursday warned of a "  new era of repression and tyranny . " They know of what they speak : There is a long , dark history of Egypt 's military rulers brutalizing Muslim Brotherhood leaders . Within 20 years of its founding in 1928 by Hassan al-Banna , a charismatic schoolteacher and preacher , the Muslim Brotherhood was disbanded by the Egyptian government , which felt threatened by its rapid spread . The Brotherhood , a popular grass-roots political , social and religious movement , had attracted a huge following with its simple slogan , "  Islam is the solution , " and its provision of social services . By the time it was banned in 1948 , it had nearly 2 million members . Several violent decades followed as increasingly radical Brotherhood members took up arms in an attempt to realize their goal of creating an Islamic state . But by the 1970s , the organization renounced violence and vowed to participate in the political process . Still , the government barely tolerated the Brotherhood ; under longtime President Hosni Mubarak , Brotherhood leaders were regularly arrested in crackdowns . Although the Brotherhood did not lead the events of January 2011 that toppled the Mubarak regime , it quickly capitalized on them to become the political front-runner in post-revolutionary Egypt . Aware that it was held in deep suspicion by many at home and abroad , the Brotherhood at first vowed not to dominate the country 's new politics . "  We will not have a presidential candidate , " promised Mohamed Morsy . "  We want to participate and help . We are not seeking power . " But that promise quickly faded as the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , buoyed by its superior organizational structure and credentials as a stalwart opposition , took the largest number of seats in the new parliament  43.4 %  and then won the presidency . The Brotherhood 's secular opponents became increasingly uncomfortable that they were watching a slow-motion takeover of the country by an organization that at heart remained secretive , autocratic and theocratic . From the start , Egypt 's political stage was set for an impasse between secularists and supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood , who believed they had won a mandate to govern the country and shape Egypt 's future in their Islamist vision . The Islamists never seemed to acknowledge that Morsy had won the presidency in a runoff with barely a majority of votes  51.7 %  , and that in the first round of voting , his secular opponents combined had more than 55 % of the vote . Morsy behaved arrogantly , pushing through a controversial constitution with little consensus , passing a highly divisive edict putting the president 's actions above judicial review , and in his most recent politically tone-deaf move , appointing 17 provincial governors last week , all affiliated or allied with the Muslim Brotherhood -- including an astonishingly divisive member of Gamaa Islamiya , the organization responsible for the devastating 1997 massacre of 58 tourists in Luxor . For their part , secularists never accepted the legitimacy of the Morsy government and vowed to prevent political Islam from taking hold . The judiciary , filled with holdovers from the Mubarak regime , tried to use the courts to undermine the Morsy government . Leaders of the opposition deemed any Morsy effort to compromise as half-hearted and refused to test the political process . Against this background of political polarization , the country staggers under a teetering economy . The millions of Egyptians who filled the streets in recent days demanding Morsy 's resignation were protesting not only his authoritarian tendencies , but also his economic mismanagement . Egypt 's fate now hangs on whether Egypt 's secularists and Islamists can be reconciled . Thursday 's statement by the National Salvation Front , the alliance of opposition parties -- stressing that no parties , "  particularly political Islamic groups " should be excluded from ongoing reconciliation talks -- is a positive one . So too are Morsy 's calls for his supporters to pursue only peaceful protests . But the crux of the matter is that the process of writing a new constitution , which the military has promised to oversee , is unlikely to give Islam as preferred a position as the one that Morsy pushed through . Will extremist Islamists conclude that violence is the only way they can achieve their goal of an Islamic state ? The specter of Algeria 's civil war hangs heavily over the situation : In 1991 , the Algerian military took control of the government after Islamists looked poised to come to power through elections . The ensuing decade of conflict left as many as 100,000 dead . Ultimately , the role of Islam in the state must be settled by the people themselves . If Egyptians approve , through a fair and open referendum , a new constitution that reduces Islam 's role , it will take the wind out of the sails not only of the Muslim Brotherhood , but of political Islam across the region . But if Egypt returns to a cycle of repression and violence , it will only serve to revitalize a radical movement . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Isobel Coleman .	Muslim Brotherhood decries coup , recalls history of military rulers brutalizing its leaders After Morsy 's win , secularists feared a takeover by theocratic Muslim Brotherhood But Muslim Brotherhood believed it had won a mandate to govern , Isobel Coleman says Coleman : Egypt must choose secular or Islamist rule , hope Islamists do n't turn to violence
CNN  -- Let 's face it ; most awards shows can be pretty dull . It 's not that we do n't tune in to every single one , of course , but it 's always a pleasant surprise when the ceremony is actually fun to watch . Last night 's Emmy Awards hosted by Jane Lynch not only honored Emmy shoo-ins like "  The Daily Show , " "  Mad Men " and "  Modern Family " and fan favorite "  Friday Night Lights " alike , but also brought the laughs . Here are our top five funniest moments . 1 . Leading ladies storm the stage As soon as Sofia Vergara and Rob Lowe presented the nominees for outstanding lead actress in a comedy , Amy Poehler , whose name was read first for "  Parks and Recreation ' " smiled at the camera and then promptly ran up onto the stage before any of the other nominees -- let alone the winner -- was announced . As Vergara and Lowe continued to read names , each of Poehler 's fellow funny women , Melissa McCarthy  "  Mike and Molly "  , Martha Plimpton  "  Raising Hope "  , Edie Falco  "  Nurse Jackie "  , Tina Fey  "  30 Rock "  and Laura Linney  "  The Big C "  joined her on stage . The group lined up and held hands in their best beauty pageant re-enactment while waiting for the big reveal -- a bit which received a standing ovation from the audience . To top off an already stellar and hilarious display of female solidarity , when McCarthy won the Emmy she not only received genuine smiles and big hugs from the rest of the women , but also walked away with a bouquet of roses and a tiara as a bonus . "  Wow , it 's my first and best pageant ever ! " McCarthy said . 2 . All-star ` Office ' Back from commercial break , viewers were treated to a sketch where characters from different shows all popped up at the Dunder-Mifflin office to discuss their least favorite thing about their jobs . There was Tom Haverford from "  Parks and Recreation , " Tracy Jordan from "  30 Rock , " Roger Sterling from "  Mad Men " and Jesse Pinkman from "  Breaking Bad "  who we learn is Creed 's crystal meth dealer  and more . Kim Kardashian showed up , but even she was a little confused as to why . "  I 'm sorry , I 'm not sure I get the question , " she deadpanned . "  What do you mean by work ? Am I saying that word right ? Work ? " Finally , we see Ashton Kutcher in Michael Scott 's old office , but the rest of the staff is sure this is a mistake . "  I 'm pretty sure that I 'm taking over as the new lead , " Kutcher said . When Ed Helms tells him that 's for a different show and this is n't Warner Brothers lot , it all clicks for Kutcher . "  Oh , I was wondering where the half man was ! " 3 . Jane Lynch 's shortest , sweetest zinger "  A lot of people are curious why I 'm a lesbian . Ladies and gentleman ... the cast of Entourage . " 4 . Steven Levitan 's wife When Steve Levitan and Jeffrey Rich of "  Modern Family " won for outstanding writing in a comedy series , it was a safe bet that the speech would be funny . But viewers were n't expecting Levitan 's wife Krista 's perfect , comedic timing to steal the show . When Levitan explained that the inspiration for the winning episode was when his children walked in on him and his wife "  in the act , " Krista looked directly at the camera and rolled her eyes . Later in the speech when Levitan went back to the mic to thank his "  somewhat-satisfied wife , " she reprised the disgruntled eye roll and forever cemented a place in our hearts . 5 . Remote Ricky Gervais Just when we thought all the joke mileage that could be gotten out of Ricky Gervais ' Golden Globes hosting controversy had run out ages ago , he once again faced some of the celebs he slammed -- albeit in an Emmy pre-recorded message . "  Sorry I ca n't be there live in person , " he said . "  Not allowed . In fact , now during any awards ceremony , I 'm not even allowed on American soil . And the Emmy bosses have warned me that if I say anything rude or controversial , they will edit it out and you wo n't know the difference . " He then began to deliver a speech full of obvious jump-cut edits when he veered into potentially dangerous territory , like when he said some shows that had beaten him out for Emmys were , in his opinion , absolute ... "  Schindler 's List . " What were your favorite moments of the 63rd Primetime Emmy Awards ? Tell us in the comments below .	Amy Poehler , smiled at the camera and then promptly ran up onto the stage A sketch where characters from different shows all popped up at the Dunder-Mifflin office Ricky Gervais once again faced some of the celebs he slammed
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Many among the thousands of evacuees from California 's wildfires were suffering from stress and worry about their homes after seeking shelter at San Diego 's Qualcomm Stadium , said a pair of Navy medical volunteers Wednesday . Navy medics Daniel Brautigam , left , and Jacob Hackfeld volunteered to help wildfire evacuees . The stadium -- home to the NFL 's Chargers -- at one time housed 11,000 evacuees , but that number dropped to 7,500 this morning . Of the thousands of people who 've been sleeping , eating and passing time at the arena , many are showing symptoms of stress , said Petty Officer Daniel Brautigam . Patients are showing "  a lot of smoke-induced nausea , " he said . "  A lot of people are watching TV while they 're here -- they 're watching their houses burn . " Brautigam said the word "  panic " came to mind to describe how some evacuees were feeling . "  But it 's not . People are just worried sick . That phrase alone explains it all . " Watch sailors tell more about treating evacuees " According to the San Diego 's mayor 's office , medical staff treated between 70 to 100 people since the stadium opened to evacuees . He said counselors are being made available to the evacuees at Qualcomm , where volunteers have also been providing food , tents and cots to families and others fleeing the fires . "  We 've been working nonstop now for about 48 hours with a few hours of sleep in between -- just enough to get well-rested , " said Brautigam . Brautigam and another sailor , Seaman Jacob Hackfeld , stepped forward on their own to offer medical services after their nearby base was evacuated . Hackfeld said he was "  sitting on my couch watching TV and I 'm thinking to myself , why ca n't we come out here ? The community provides for us -- the military . Why ca n't we give back to them all the things that they 've given to us ? " Although both men said they helped in the aftermath of 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , they said the emergency response to both disasters was markedly different . "  Here you have complete organization , " Brautigam said . "  You have a community coming together getting things done , helping people out -- cooperation between civilians , military , everybody . See dramatic photos of the disaster " "  Here everybody comes together , and we 're all just people . I think that 's the most important thing that 's going on right here right now . The main focus is just getting people the help that they need . " About 300 convalescent patients who had been evacuated to Qualcomm from nearby facilities were expected to be returned later Wednesday , said George Biagi , spokesman for the San Diego mayor . More than 20 fires have scorched 400,000-plus acres from the Mexican border to northern Los Angeles County and inland into the San Bernardino Mountains since the weekend . Statewide , an estimated 950,000 people have sought refuge from the fires in shelters , hotels and at friends ' homes . The National Weather Service said a red-flag warning for extreme gusty winds was in effect through 3 p.m. PT  6 p.m. ET  Wednesday , but forecasters said firefighters should see an end to the Santa Ana winds that have fueled the fires by Thursday . Some residents wo n't have to wait for Thursday to get home . People who evacuated earlier this week from Rancho Bernardo , Scripps Ranch and Del Mar Heights can go home immediately , San Diego emergency spokeswoman Lynda Pfieffer said Wednesday morning . The blazes have killed one person and injured at least 70 more . Thirty-four firefighters have been hurt , authorities said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kiran Chetry and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Evacuees at San Diego arena treated for nausea , worried about homes Medic : "  A lot of people are watching TV here -- watching their homes burn " Navy medics step forward to offer services to some 12,000 wildfire evacuees Medics describe conditions at Qualcomm Stadium as organized , cooperative
San Diego  CNN  -- Welcome to the chaotic Department of Homeland Security . Two unions -- representing nearly 20,000 DHS employees -- recently joined forces to publicly oppose the Senate immigration reform bill from the so-called "  Gang of Eight . " News : Senate Judiciary Committee approves immigration legislation The coalition represents 12,000 employees who are responsible for issuing documents that allow some immigrants to legally stay in the United States and 7,700 agents charged with deporting illegal immigrants out of the country . Together , the unions claim that the bill would weaken public safety . What makes this situation awkward is that President Barack Obama and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano have given tacit support to the Senate immigration reform bill . Obama has said that a pathway to citizenship must be included in any reform proposal . And as recently as last month , White House press secretary Jay Carney said that White House staffers had months ago huddled with the eight senators to help draft the legislation . As an additional wrinkle , many of these DHS employees who oppose the bill would be charged with helping to implement it , either by reviewing the applications of undocumented immigrants who would be seeking legal status or deporting those who did n't qualify for it . How that will ultimately work out is anyone 's guess . Some of this sounds familiar . Before the unions took on the Senate bill , they launched a rebellion closer to home . In June 2011 , U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton fired off an internal memorandum -- the "  Morton memo , " as it became known -- to all directors , agents and general counsel in the agency 's field offices . In the memo , Morton advised the field personnel that they "  may " exercise discretion and show leniency toward some illegal immigrants by weighing certain factors . They included the length of time the person had lived in the United States , whether the person arrived as a child , whether the person was pursuing an education , etc. . The Morton memo was heralded by immigration reform advocates as a major breakthrough . And yet , how did some in the field respond to the memo ? According to more than a dozen immigration attorneys I interviewed back then and many others I saw quoted elsewhere , they ignored it . You had rampant insubordination . And neither Morton nor his higher-ups , i.e. Napolitano and Obama , did anything to bring people back in line . I suspect that the reason for this hands-off approach was that the ICE agents , by racking up deportations , were helping the administration meet its goal of deporting people -- which it has done at a rate of more than 1,000 per day . The high numbers were necessary so that the administration could portray itself to Congress and the American people as tough on immigration enforcement . In October 2011 , just four months after the Morton memo was issued , Napolitano delivered a speech at American University in which she boasted that the Department of Homeland Security was on track to set a new record for deportations in the 2011 fiscal year . It did . And in fiscal 2012 , it broke that record again . At this rate , by the end of 2013 , the administration will have deported 2 million people . Those figures make the claims of Chris Crane , the head of the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement Council  the 7,700-member deportation agents ' union  , all the more ridiculous . Crane told the New York Times : "  This department under this administration is doing anything and everything they can not to arrest any alien in the interior of the United States . " Crane should tell that to 10-year-old Stephanie Pucheta who , next month , will be spending Father 's Day without her father , Julio Cesar Pucheta , who was deported in January . In a video testimonial on behalf of the immigrant advocacy group Cuentame , the U.S.-born Stephanie explains how -- when a judge ordered her father removed from the country -- she could n't stop crying . She goes on to say : "  My life has changed without my father . Since he 's been gone , I miss him every day . Every morning when I wake up , I wonder why they did n't let him stay here . Why do they have to be so cruel to the families that are here ? " That 's a really good question . This administration has been excessively cruel to illegal immigrants and their families . And , worse , it has n't been willing to confess to the crime . Instead , it has led us to believe that its record number of deportations are partly the result of low-level agents and their supervisors going rogue and refusing to use discretion to the point where some of those being deported should n't be . Is that really what 's happening ? Napolitano has said all along she wants to remove illegal immigrants , more and more every year . That 's what the low-level ICE agents were doing . So maybe they were n't being disobedient . Maybe , in trying to be both tough and compassionate , the entire administration is being duplicitous . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Two DHS unions now publicly oppose proposed immigration reform He says this "  rogue-ish " behavior awkward for President Obama , who supports reform bill Obama turned blind eye to zealous deportation , even when it flouted Morton Memo , he says Navarrette : Deportation-happy ICE officials no more "  rogue " than the president 's policies
CNN  -- Farrah Fawcett , the blonde-maned actress whose best-selling poster and "  Charlie 's Angels " stardom made her one of the most famous faces in the world , died Thursday . She was 62 . Farrah Fawcett rose to fame in the 1970s , thanks to a best-selling poster and the hit show "  Charlie Angels . " Fawcett 's death was confirmed by Paul Bloch , one of her representatives at Rogers and Cowan , an entertainment public relations firm . Fawcett , who checked into a hospital in early April , had been battling anal cancer on and off for three years . Bloch told CNN that Ryan O'Neal , Fawcett 's romantic partner since the mid-1980s , and her friend Alana Stewart were with Fawcett at Saint John 's Hospital in Santa Monica , California , when she died . Gallery : The life of Farrah Fawcett " "  Although this is an extremely difficult time for her family and friends , we take comfort in the beautiful times that we shared with Farrah over the years and the knowledge that her life brought joy to so many people around the world , " O'Neal said in a written statement . Read more tributes to Fawcett O'Neal is the father of Fawcett 's son , Redmond O'Neal , born in 1985 . Redmond O'Neal is in an intense rehabilitation program conducted in the Los Angeles county jail , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore told CNN on Thursday . Fawcett 's son was informed on Wednesday night by a grief counselor and a chaplain that his mother 's death was imminent , and a grief counselor and chaplain also told him when she died , Whitmore said . The young man , who is currently with a chaplain , has spoken with his father , Whitmore said . Ryan O'Neal had recently told People magazine that the sex symbol was declining . "  She stays in bed now . The doctors see that she is comfortable . Farrah is on IVs , but some of that is for nourishment . The treatment has pretty much ended , " he said in a story posted May 7 . See images of Fawcett through the years " Fawcett 's cancer journey has been documented in a television special partly shot by the actress . Fawcett began shooting "  Farrah 's Story , " by taking a camera to a doctor 's appointment . Eventually , the film expanded to include trips overseas in hopes of treating the cancer . Watch a clip from "  Farrah 's Story " " The documentary aired on NBC on May 15 . Watch Ryan O'Neal talk about why she did the documentary " Fawcett 's beauty -- her gleaming smile was printed on millions of posters -- initially made her famous . But she later established herself as a serious actress . She starred as a battered wife in the 1984 TV movie "  The Burning Bed . " She appeared on stage as a woman who extracts vengeance from a would-be rapist in William Mastrosimone 's play "  Extremities . " Watch Fawcett accept her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame " She reprised the "  Extremities " role on film in 1986 . Other Fawcett films include "  Logan 's Run "  1976  , "  Saturn 3 "  1980  , "  The Cannonball Run "  1981  , "  The Apostle "  1997  and the Robert Altman-directed "  Dr. T and the Women "  2000  . To many , Fawcett will always be best known for her red-swimsuited image on the pinup poster , which sold a reputed 12 million copies after its release in 1976 . iReport : Share your memories of Farrah Fawcett Fawcett was a model best known for bit parts , commercials and as "  Six Million Dollar Man " actor Lee Majors ' wife when she shot the poster in early 1976 at the behest of Pro Arts , a Cleveland , Ohio , company . Photographer Bruce McBroom placed Fawcett -- then known as Farrah Fawcett-Majors -- in the Indian blanket-draped front seat of his 1937 Chevy and snapped away . Fawcett did her own hair -- a long , tousled cascade of blonde locks -- picked out the red bathing suit and chose the frame later used for the poster , according to a story in the Toronto Star . The poster , with Fawcett 's million-dollar smile front and center , became a sensation . Soon after the photo shoot , Fawcett was asked to join the cast of a new Aaron Spelling TV show , "  Charlie 's Angels , " about a trio of female detectives who work for a mysterious man named Charlie , whose only appearance in the show was through his voice  supplied by John Forsythe  . Watch Fawcett talk about why she left "  Angels " " Fawcett , who played Jill Munroe , was the last to be cast . Co-star Kate Jackson was the known name at the time , but thanks to her poster , Fawcett became the breakout star . The highly rated TV series kicked off what came to be known as "  jiggle TV , " series full of pretty actresses who appeared in bikinis at the drop of a hat . "  Denunciations of ` massage parlor television ' and ` voyeurism ' only brought more viewers to the screen , to see what the controversy was about , " wrote Tim Brooks and Earle Marsh about "  Charlie 's Angels " in their indispensable reference , "  The Complete Directory to Prime Time Network and Cable TV Shows . " ABC 's "  Three 's Company " and CBS 's "  The American Girls " were among the shows that immediately followed , and shows such as "  Baywatch " owe "  Charlie 's Angels " a debt . But Fawcett did n't stay with "  Angels " long . At the end of the first season , unhappy with her contract , she left the show and was replaced by Cheryl Ladd . Fawcett 's career stagnated for a time after "  Charlie 's Angels . " She appeared in a handful of forgettable films and divorced Majors . But her career received a major boost with her starring role in "  The Burning Bed , " a 1984 TV movie co-starring Paul Le Mat . Fawcett played an abused wife who sets fire to her husband 's bed as he lies sleeping . Fawcett received an Emmy nomination for her performance . Fawcett also became romantically involved with O'Neal around this time . The pair had a son , Redmond , in 1985 . In recent years , Fawcett has appeared sporadically in the public eye . She posed nude for Playboy in 1995 . In 1997 , she appeared on "  The Late Show with David Letterman , " an interview that became notorious for Fawcett 's apparent incoherence . She later said she was just having fun with Letterman . She reunited with her "  Charlie 's Angels " co-stars , Jackson and Jaclyn Smith , for an awards show in 2006 . Fawcett was born in Corpus Christi , Texas , in 1947 . She married Majors in 1973 ; they divorced nine years later . She was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 .	Farrah Fawcett was known for iconic 1970s poster , role in "  Charlie 's Angels " Actress was hailed for performance in TV movie "  The Burning Bed " Fawcett had cancer and made TV documentary about her battle
CNN Student News  -- September 17 , 2009 Quick Guide Health Care Debate - Consider a new proposal 's impact on the U.S. health care debate . Making the Vaccine - Visit a Chinese laboratory to see how an H1N1 vaccine is produced . Constitution Day - Test your knowledge of some facts found in the U.S. Constitution . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A big day for democracy . The reason why is coming up in today 's edition of CNN Student News . Hi , everyone . I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Health Care Debate AZUZ : We start in Washington , where the release of a new proposal is giving a boost to the debate over health care reform . Senator Max Baucus , who heads up the Senate Finance Committee , unveiled a long-awaited plan yesterday after months of negotiations . Check out some of the details : It would cost $ 856 billion over 10 years , and it would require that every American have insurance coverage by the year 2013 . It does not include a government-run insurance program , the so-called "  public option . " Instead , it focuses on the idea of health care cooperatives , which would give coverage to members . This is just one of the proposals that 's been offered by lawmakers . You can compare some of them by checking out our home page , CNNStudentNews.com . Sen. Baucus thinks his proposal does have the best shot at getting passed . SEN. MAX BAUCUS ,  D  MONTANA : No Republican has offered his or her support at this moment . But I think by the time we get the final passage in this committee , you 'll find Republican support . AZUZ : That might be a challenge . House Minority Leader John Boehner said the proposal "  is the wrong prescription during these tough economic times . " Some Democrats are split on the plan as well . One said the proposal "  takes real steps to bring down the cost of health care . " But another argued that any plan that does n't include the public option would be considered "  dead on arrival . " Blog Report AZUZ : Your voices now . Last week , we asked you after the president 's health care speech -- and the Republican response -- to weigh in on this debate . Kirby believes that "  public health care should be as much a right for every citizen as education and the ability to vote . " But Brittany writes that "  the money for reform would be coming out of people 's taxes , and in the end , that means we 're the ones paying for everyone else 's health care . " From Steve : "  Many Americans do n't have the money to pay for good health insurance . President Obama 's address gave Americans an idea of how a government health plan could help alleviate the stress of dealing with insurance companies . " From Nicole : "  There are people out there that do n't work and do n't care if they have any health care . Making the hard-working , middle-class people pay taxes to cover those people just is n't fair . " Strong comments all around , y' all ! Is this Legit ? MICHELLE WRIGHT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Japan 's prime minister is usually determined by the country 's parliamentary elections . This one 's true ! Japan 's constitution requires that the prime minister be in charge of the majority group in parliament . Japan 's Prime Minister AZUZ : And since a recent election changed which party is in power , the country has a new prime minister : Yukio Hatoyama , whose Democratic Party of Japan claimed a huge victory in last month 's vote . This win marks the first time in nearly half a century that control of Japan 's government is changing hands . Hatoyama , who was officially named prime minister yesterday , promised change during his campaign . He says he knows he is taking on an immense responsibility . Japan 's economy is coming out of its worst recession in decades . Afghan Vote Recount AZUZ : Heading to Afghanistan , where current President Hamid Karzai appears to have won more than 54 percent of the vote in last month 's presidential election . We say "  appears " because , while the votes have been counted , they have n't been certified , and that means the results are n't official . The Afghan Electoral Complaints Commission threw out 200,000 votes . And an outside group of observers says more than a million others , most of which are for Karzai , are suspicious . Karzai has criticized the outside group for making the announcement . He says it 's not their responsibility to address electoral complaints . Making the Vaccine AZUZ : From votes to vaccines . We 've reported on the government 's efforts to produce one for the H1N1 virus and this week 's news that it should be ready sooner than expected . However , the U.S. is n't the only country preparing to fight a potential outbreak . A lab in China is already developing doses of the H1N1 vaccine . Emily Chang takes us through the process . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP EMILY CHANG , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : This is Sinovac headquarters , the first company in the world to successfully complete clinical trials for an H1N1 vaccine . They 've taken our temperatures , we 've been asked to wear these lab coats and shoe covers , and we 're going to go into the production line and see exactly how this vaccine is made . This is the very first stage of the process . Every day , tens of thousands of fertilized eggs come in . They 're incubated for a certain period time , then they are inspected , and then they are infected with the H1N1 virus . After three more days , the virus is then extracted and used to make the vaccine . All of the infected eggs come in on a conveyer belt . They are sliced open and then the virus is harvested . The virus is then rendered inactive and stored for the next part of the process . Inside all these jugs is the H1N1 virus . At this stage , they 're collecting the virus and preparing it for purification . And here is the final product . Inside this vial is a vaccine for the H1N1 virus . It 's a one-time vaccine . And right here , they are being bottled and labeled and boxed . All of the vaccines will be sent in refrigrerated trucks across China to fulfill government orders . They do need to be kept at a certain temperature , between two and eight degrees Celsius . So far , millions of vaccines have been ordered , and there 's more on the way . Emily Chang , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO CLIP Shoutout WRIGHT : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Shadid 's U.S. government class at Clark High School in Las Vegas , Nevada ! About how many people live in the United States ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  276 million , B  307 million , C  368 million or D  412 million ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! There are an estimated 307 million people living in the U.S. That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Facebook AZUZ : Believe it or not , that 's about the same number of people who are on Facebook ... give or take a few million . Holy cow ! The social networking site announced that it crossed the 300 million mark this week . It added that about 70 percent of those users actually live outside the U.S. Even bigger news : Facebook has turned a profit for the first time in the company 's history . It did n't expect to do that until 2010 . Pretty impressive for a Web site that started out just for college students . Promo AZUZ : We 're not up to 300 million fans -- yet -- but our Facebook page is growing , and it 's all thanks to you . If you have n't had a chance to stop by recently , head to Facebook.com / cnnstudentnews . Constitution Day AZUZ : "  We the people . " Simple words , but they 're the start of one of the most important documents in American history : the U.S. Constitution . Who can be elected to office , how laws are made , what rights we have as citizens : This thing is basically the guidebook for our government . And today is its birthday . To celebrate , we 're giving a pop quiz . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP AZUZ : The U.S. Constitution turns 222 today , so we should all know it pretty well by now . Let 's find out just how well ! First up : Which part of the Constitution gives all lawmaking powers to Congress ? Article II , section I ; the Second Amendment ; Article I , section I or the Tenth Amendment ? It 's the first section of the first article that gives legislative powers to Congress and establishes the Senate and the House of Representatives . Here 's another shot : What 's the minimum age of the U.S. president ? 21 , 26 , 30 , 35 ? Article II , Section I says you 've got to be at least 35 years old . Who has the power to set and collect income taxes ? The president , the Treasury Department , the Federal Reserve , Congress ? It was the 16th Amendment that gave Congress the power to tax , though those taxes were a lot less when that amendment was ratified than they are today . When does the Constitution say that court judges will hold their offices ? After working as lawyers , during good behavior , while in good health , in even-numbered years ? Article III , Section 1 says that court judges "  shall hold their offices during good behavior . " Okay , last one ! Which of these phrases does n't actually appear in the Bill of Rights : "  separation of church and state , " "  cruel and unusual punishments , " "  unreasonable searches and seizures , " "  right to a speedy and public trial " ? The phrase "  separation of church and state " does n't appear in the Constitution ; it was how Thomas Jefferson described the First Amendment . That completes your Constitution Quiz ! Before We Go AZUZ : But it does n't complete our coverage ! Head to CNNStudentNews.com to check out our Constitution Day Learning Activity . Finally today , go fly a kite . That 's what these guys did . It was part of an attempt to break a world record last week . The event was open to all ages , obviously . Organizers say more than 2,500 people showed up to help set the new mark for the most kites in the air at one time . Goodbye AZUZ : With that many participants , setting the record should be a breeze . That blows through all our time for today . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Consider a new proposal 's impact on the U.S. health care debate Visit a Chinese laboratory to see how an H1N1 vaccine is produced Test your knowledge of some facts found in the U.S. Constitution
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The soldiers had barely arrived in Iraq before they got new orders -- get ready for Afghanistan . A soldier waits in Baghdad for a flight to his new mission in Kandahar . The 4th Engineer Battalion out of Colorado Springs , Colorado , deployed to Camp Victory near Baghdad in mid-February . Two weeks after the unit began actually going out on operations in Iraq , it was ordered to redeploy to Kandahar in Afghanistan . The soldiers had n't even finished painting their emblem outside their tactical operations command when the move began . But even as he walked through the stripped-down post , battalion commander Lt. Col. Kevin Landers could not hold back his excitement . "  The president has asked our military and our country to shift the focus and bolster the effort in Afghanistan , and we are really spearheading some of that effort , so of course there is some excitement here , " he said outside a building being cleared out . The move put a strain on this battalion , which specializes in route clearance , or finding and destroying land mines and bombs on roads to make them safe for travel . Watch soldiers leave Iraq , arrive in Afghanistan " "  Yes , it is hard work , " said Pfc. Kimble Han , sweat pouring down his face as he pulled out a sandbag foundation for a tent he and colleagues had put out only weeks before . "  But I believe we have trained well and are prepared for the new mission in Afghanistan . " The battlefield in Afghanistan is very different than Iraq . "  In Iraq you are looking at more close-quarters combat in an urban environment , but in Afghanistan the area is only sparsely populated and we are looking at much more of a linear battlefield , " said Lt. Matthew Fitzgibbon . That means the soldiers will probably be engaged in longer distance firefights while on their patrols and their training in Baghdad before the deployment mirrored that . The troops spent extra hours on the shooting range , recalibrating their weapons and testing different optics . "  No matter who the enemy is , we will bring a bigger fight , " one soldier said loading his weapon . As the United States shifts its focus from Iraq to Afghanistan , the military has deemed route clearance so important to the operations in the Kandahar area that it is airlifting the entire battalion to the new battlefield . The move poses huge logistical challenges to the Army and especially the Air Force . Between 50 and 70 gigantic C-17 cargo planes are necessary to transport dozens of heavy armored mine-resistant vehicles , containers and pallets -- all this as the Air Force 's capabilities are strained due to regular combat operations . Many flights are delayed , canceled , rescheduled and then canceled again . Lt. William Hutaff , one of the first soldiers to leave for Afghanistan as part of an advance party , had his flight delayed several times and waited almost two days before he could board one of the cargo planes . "  Yeah , there 's been a lot of waiting , " he said from a seat in the hull of the plane , facing his mine-resistant vehicle that was shipping out too . "  We are glad we are finally going and we hope someone will be there to pick us up . " None of the soldiers with whom CNN traveled to Afghanistan knew what to expect when they hit the ground in Kandahar . The bases in Iraq have been developed over the past six years since the United States led the invasion and offer amenities from shopping facilities to coffee shops . In Iraq , the soldiers stayed in solid trailers . In Afghanistan , they would be living in tents . But none of that seemed on the soldiers ' minds as the plane took off from Baghdad International Airport for the four-hour flight to Afghanistan , and many of them went to sleep shortly after takeoff or listened to music on their iPods in the dark and loud hull of the giant plane . The terrain the jet was flying over changed from the Iraqi desert to the more rugged hills of southern Afghanistan before the crew of the C-17 crew performed a combat landing into Kandahar International Airport . Leaving the aircraft , the soldiers said they were tired and looking to get into their new housing units . "  We want to get our vehicle unloaded and then get settled in , " Hutaff said . Getting settled in meant sleeping in cots in a tent designed to house more than 100 people , but the base itself proved more developed than many had thought , with a basketball court and even an hockey rink built by the Canadian contingent stationed there . But the compound assigned to the battalion proved to be a lot worse for wear than the troops expected . Years ago it had been home to Polish troops , but now the buildings were withering away in the sun . The engineers spent their first days tearing down some structures with bulldozers and ripping the interiors out of others . "  There is still a lot of work to be done here , " said Fitzgibbon . "  right now our motor pool , the place we 're supposed to park our vehicles , is a lake . "	Troops had n't even finished painting their emblem when they got orders to move Redeployment put strain on battalion , trained to clear mines and bombs from roads CNN traveled with troops as they flew from one war zone to the next Soldiers say they are ready for the new mission in the new battlefield
CNN  -- The popular uprising in Syria against the Alawi-led minority regime of Bashar al-Assad poses a serious challenge to U.S. national security in the Middle East . As it fights for its survival amid escalating violence , the Syrian regime risks not only the deepening of civil strife in the country , but also provoking sectarian strife in the region , potentially drawing in U.S. military involvement . Washington has thus far been cautious in dealing with Syria , favoring strong words and sanctions against the regime and supporting Arab efforts to stop the violent military crackdown . But this could change as conditions in Syria deteriorate . The recent arrival in Syria of Arab observers , as part of a Syrian-endorsed Arab League plan to stop the violence , has been met with mixed emotions . Syrian opposition members rejected the plan , which was mediated by Iraq , on the grounds that it will give the bestial regime another chance to continue its brutal policies . Syria pipeline attached amid ongoing killing Burhan Ghalioun , the head of the Syrian National Council opposition movement , emphasized that the observers can not do their work because "  they can not go where the authorities do n't want them to go . " The Arab League 's initiative is further tainted by the contemptible presence of Sudanese Gen. Mohammad Ahmed Mustafa al-Dabi , who heads the mission . Al-Dabi held high military intelligence and security positions in the government of President Omar al-Bashir , who is wanted on international charges of genocide in Darfur . Meanwhile , Syria continues its slow , steady descent into sectarian strife . There is the militarization of segments of the opposition , as manifested by the creation of the Free Syrian Army , and the targeted sectarian murders committed in mixed towns , especially in Homs . Indeed , the recent twin suicide bombings in Damascus , regardless of the identity of the as-yet-unknown culprits , could well be a portent of what may happen in the multireligious , multiethnic country . This premonition of escalating violence is shared by many in the region , including those within the ranks of the Syrian opposition . Syria is tightly linked both to the evolving Arab politics -- as influenced by the past year 's Arab popular uprisings -- and to the ongoing shifts in the Saudi and Iranian-led regional axes of powers that have resulted from withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq . To be sure , it is the Arab League mission that reflects more the deep divisions splintering the Arab world : The Arab League , led by Saudi Arabia and Qatar , initially determined to pressure the autocratic Syrian regime into submission , but this resolve was weakened by Iraq questioning the League 's apparent double-standard policy . Its stance on Syria contrasts sharply with its position on Bahrain . Saudi Arabia , along with other Gulf Cooperation Council countries , sent troops to Bahrain to help quash a Shi'a majority-dominated uprising against that kingdom 's Sunni monarchy . Similarly , the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , acting apparently in concert with Iran , has not concealed its desire to keep the Syrian regime in power . Iran has described the violence in Syria as part of a Western-Israeli conspiracy against the regime . And pro-Iranian forces in Iraq and Lebanon , such as the Sadrists and Hezbollah respectively , have expressed their readiness to support the Syrian regime . Beyond this , the withdrawal of American troops from Iraq has apparently boosted the confidence not only of Iran and its proxies but also the Syrian regime . Iran and Hezbollah laud the "  resistance " for forcing the Americans from Iraq , and Syria no longer fears an American interference from Iraq . In fact , the regime believes that Iraq now affords Syria another strategic buffer with regard to a potential anti-Syrian military intervention ; the other being offered by Lebanon . This will undoubtedly leave the international community facing neither an Arab nor a Russian solution . Russia recently introduced a draft resolution the U.N. Security Council on ending the violence in Syria . However , Russia , along with China , has had serious disagreements with other members of the Security Council , who favor sanctions against Damascus , including an arms embargo . Washington will most likely confront urgent Arab and Syrian opposition requests for direct involvement in Syria . Already , Ghalioun has called on the Security Council to adopt the Arab initiative ; at the same time some Arab and Syrian opposition leaders have vocally called for a no-fly zone and NATO involvement to protect civilians . But a word of caution . The danger of this kind of involvement lies in the grave and complex reality that Iran still considers the security of the Syrian regime as part of its own security , and that , while both Tehran and Damascus have been preparing for a conflict with United States since its invasion of Iraq in 2003 , including supporting proxy forces in the region , Washington has thus far pursued policies more reactive in nature to regional developments . Washington should be careful about falling into the duplicitous trap of Middle Eastern politics . Washington must act within the context that Syria is already in the throes of civil strife , which can only intensify and possibly spill over into Lebanon or Iraq , and that the Arab states are fighting two wars . One is over the nature of future power in their capitals and the other is over which regional axis they will support . Washington should also disabuse itself of the notion that the terminally ill Syrian regime will collapse soon . The regime has life support from Iran , Iraq and Lebanon , and thrives on terror and Arab schisms . This makes any reactive or reflexive American involvement in Syria fraught with uncertainties and serious risks . Washington 's policies should focus now on expanding and organizing its cooperation with Turkey , Saudi Arabia and Qatar , which have deep interest in a change of power in Damascus ; supporting the Free Syrian Army through Saudi Arabia and Turkey ; strengthening sanctions against Syria in concert with regional and international allies , including placing sanctions on Sunni merchants closely associated with the regime. ; maintaining and supporting a strong diplomatic presence in Iraq and Lebanon ; seeking out Alawi and Christian political and military figures with the objective of reassuring them with the promise of political inclusion in the future of Syria . Most importantly , Washington should not lead a campaign in Syria designed in the imperial corridors of the American capital itself . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert G. Rabil .	Robert Rabil says the popular uprising in Syria poses issues for U.S. foreign policy He says multiethnic nation headed for sectarian strife ; some opposition militarizing He says Syria linked to shifts in both Arab politics and Saudi and Iranian-led axes of power Rabil : U.S. must use caution , focus on ties with regional allies , strengthening sanctions
CNN  -- A wave of violence struck Iraq on Tuesday , with bomb blasts and gun battles killing at least six people and wounding more than 20 , police officials told CNN . It 's the latest violence to strike Iraq , where nearly 200 people have been killed and hundreds more wounded in bomb blasts and gunfights across the country since April 23 . There were no immediate claims of responsibility for the attacks , nor was it clear whether they were related . Among the attacks was a bomb blast at a coffee shop in Muqdadiyah , north of Baghdad , that killed one person and wounded nine , a police official said . In Baghdad , roadside bombs killed three people and wounded six , a police official said . Gunmen also reportedly killed an anti-government demonstration organizer in Haditha , while a Ministry of Industry employee was gunned down in northern Baghdad , officials said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	A bomb blast at a coffee shop north of Baghdad kills one , wounds nine , police say An anti-government demonstration organizer is gunned down in Haditha , police say Roadside bomb blasts in Baghdad killed three , wound six , police say
CNN  -- The top part of a burning television tower collapsed in the Netherlands , leaving a trail of thick billowing smoke and fiery flames . It was unclear what caused the fiery collapse in Hoogersmilde Friday . The incident disrupted television , radio and mobile phone networks nearby . Fire crews arrived before the collapse , but moved to a safe distance when they realized they could not extinguish the blaze , Mayor Jan Broerjes said Friday . No one was injured . An investigation is under way . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	The cause of the fiery collapse in Hoogersmilde is unclear Incident disrupts television , radio and mobile networks nearby
Fast Company  -- Have you ever created a Genius playlist on iTunes or set up a station on Pandora ? Just plug in one song , and you instantly hear music that matches your tastes . Think of Zite , the free personalized iPad magazine that launched today , as the Genius playlist or Pandora of news discovery -- but with one noticeable advantage : Zite is smarter , at least for now . Developed by researchers at the University of British Columbia 's Laboratory for Computational Intelligence , the technology behind Zite can learn your reading habits and personalize content based on your interests . When first opening the app , Zite will immediately begin personalizing your experience . Link a Twitter account or Google Reader , and Zite will analyze  not simply display  your feeds to create a magazine tailored to your interests . You might get sources you know , you might get content you want from sources you do n't know . And yes , you 'll occasionally get stories you have no interest in -- just tell Zite and it catches on pretty quickly . After adding my Twitter handle @austincarr , for example , Zite learned my tastes and created relevant sections -- entrepreneurship , gadgets , social media . It then culled news items from fitting sources -- Fast Company , Wired , TechCrunch , Fred Wilson 's blog . As I skimmed through the news , Zite began learning my preferences . What specifically do I like about social media ? Was I interested in long-form journalism ? Did I enjoy straight-news items or editorials ? Features or analysis ? Popular sources or niche blogs ? The more feedback Zite collected , the more personalized it became . "  It 's a combination of semantic - and statistically based machine learning , " says CEO Ali Davar , of Zite 's content algorithm , the technology of which has been in development for years . "  It works by looking at the articles you click on and the characteristics of those articles . Is the article longer or shorter ? Is it skewed toward one element of a topic or another ? Is it a political blog ? If so , does it have have a right - or left-wing slant ? " Users can tell Zite whether they enjoyed a particular article , whether they liked a particular source , or whether they want more news on a particular topic area . But Zite can also learn from a user 's "  soft " yes 's and no 's . Skip over a news brief ? Zite counts that as a soft no . Did a headline catch your eye and get you to read the longer story ? Zite counts that as a soft yes . News will soon narrow from , say , articles on food or sports to thousands of specialized sections such as news on vegetarianism or skiing . Users can select these topics on their own , but Zite is best at autosuggesting them -- after playing with the app for a week , Zite began featuring "  Graphic Design & Typography " as one of my top news sections . Would I have thought to add that category on my own ? According to the Vancouver-based company , Zite is the first iPad news reader "  to go beyond manual customization . " Other popular readers -- Flipboard , Pulse -- require users to manually provide sources , whether media outlets or RSS feeds . Zite automates that process and continuously refines content so it 's fresher and dynamically tailored to one 's interests . "  The difference between Flipboard and Zite is that with Zite , your sections are actually personalized , " Davar says . "  On Flipboard , you pick sections and sources to customize your magazine -- that 's what they call ` personalized . ' But that 's really ` customization . ' In essence , personalization is a technology -- it 's something that learns from you . So , for example , your technology section and someone else 's will look very different based on your behavior -- rather than being the same generic thing that everyone else is seeing . " Still , loyal Flipboard fans might find the app just a bit more elegant , or feel the apps serve different purposes . Since Flipboard features only hand-picked sources , the app is arguably very personalized : Just as one might only subscribe to New York magazine or The Economist in print , one might only be interested in subscribing to those mags on Flipboard -- and less interested in reading similar content from other sources . In this sense , Zite , with its endlessly fresh content culled from a wide range of media outlets , is more akin to a digital newspaper , whereas Flipboard  especially with its far sexier and sleeker design  feels more like a digital magazine . But when it comes to "  personalized " content discovery , Zite follows in the same impressive footsteps as Pandora and Netflix -- and certainly gives Flipboard a run for its money . "  The underlying philosophy of our algorithm is : You are what you read , " Davar says . Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Zite can learn your reading habits and personalize content based on your interests "  It 's a combination of semantic - and statistically based machine learning , " says CEO Ali Davar Flipboard and Pulse require users to manually provide sources
A rigorous green certification system is recognizing the next phase of eco design , which its founders describe as "  the world 's greenest buildings . " Founded by Jason F. McLennan in 2006 through the Cascadia Green Building Council , the Living Building Challenge  LBC  is a green ratings system for design and construction that judges a building based on its actual performance , not just its projected performance at the design stage . To date , it has recognized six buildings for their green credentials . Only three have been successful in meeting all its stringent requirements and consequently fully certified as "  living . " "  These are the world 's greenest buildings , " says McLennan . "  It is a huge leap forward from conventional green construction . These buildings will never get an energy or water bill again . " Projects must be in operation for a minimum of 12 months before they become eligible to participate in the challenge and they can only achieve "  living " status after fulfilling requirements in the categories of site , water , energy , health , materials , equity and beauty . "  It takes about 14-16 months to go through the certification process and we are a rigorous process so there are not that many buildings fully certified , " says McLennan . Read more : The greenest buildings of 2011 He adds : "  The ones that are  certified  are game changers because they become more than a building . They create a whole community of changed people around them . " The International Living Future Institute , a non-profit that was created to take over running the LBC since its inception , hopes its guidelines will change current green construction philosophy and become as powerful as eco-building ratings system Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design , or LEED as it is better known . But unlike LBC , LEED does not certify new buildings based on measurements of their actual performance . McLennan says : "  You 'd be surprised no green standards actually go and check if the project is fulfilling what they had planned to do . We knew in reality buildings typically do n't perform the way they are intended so we wanted to rectify this and base our challenge on reality . " The LBC was created to encourage the creation of living buildings , sites and communities globally as well as educate people about the importance of going green . The non-profit has been working closely with projects and regulatory bodies to aid experimental green design construction . Read more : Solar-powered ` supertrees ' breathe life into Singapore 's urban oasis It has already been recognized as a credible contender in green building standards by winning global design competition The Buckminster Fuller Challenge earlier this month . In the official statement , the jurors said the "  Living Building Challenge successfully shows how humans and their built environment can be harmoniously , benignly integrated within ecosystems . "  Above all , its rigorous standards and daringly innovative , revolutionary approach to building are already having a considerable impact on the thinking of designers and architects around the world , influencing all levels of design and technological approaches , radically pushing forward the field . " Read more : ` Vertical farm ' blossoms at meatpacking plant McLennan seems somewhat surprised by the rapid recognition and success the LBC has had internationally . He says : "  Without any international marketing budget , we 've launched something bigger than ourselves . We have become a meme in a way -- an idea that develops its own legs and begins to travel . " Initially starting with projects in the United States and Canada , the green performance-based ratings system now has registered projects in Australia , France , Lebanon , Mexico , and New Zealand , amongst others , and interest from like-minded groups in Colombia , Ireland and Romania . "  We hope to be training certifiers in those countries , " says McLennan . "  In Australia , we have three projects that are underway . We are in discussions with many leading thinkers about ideas working to create the Australian institute . "  They would be the governing body for the Living Building project tied into a global network of ambassadors , collaboratives and institutes around the world for the transformation of society ... It 's about changing the world and building a network of people . "	The Living Building Challenge is a performance-based green ratings system The International Living Future Institute also aims to educate people on sustainability Organizers hope to change people 's attitudes to the environment
EW.com  -- Joseph Gordon Levitt is coming back to a small-screen near you . The former "  3rd Rock from the Sun " star is set to host a variety show based on his collaborative site , hitReCord , for Participant Media 's newly announced cable network , pivot . The series , "  HitRECord on TV ! , " will feature contributionsâ $ " like films , live performances , animation and moreâ $ " from online community members , which Levitt will select , piece together and present on-air , the network announced at its upfront presentation in New York City today . ` New Girl ' recap : Sweet home Chicago The millennial-geared network will also feature a host of other original series , including a period saga about William Shakespeare by Craig Pearce , the writer behind "  The Great Gatsby , " "  Moulin Rouge , " and "  Romeo + Juliet , " and a docu-series with Meghan McCain . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Joseph Gordon Levitt is heading back to TV The former "  3rd Rock from the Sun " star is set to host a variety show The show , based on hitReCord , is for Participant Media 's newly announced cable network
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. military has everything it needs to strike ISIS inside Syria and is awaiting President Barack Obama 's authorization to do so , U.S. military officials tell CNN . For weeks , intelligence and military targeting specialists have been working around the clock on a list of targets . It 's expected the list will be presented to the President one more time , with some analysis of the risks of bombing inside Syria , as well as possible rewards in terms of destroying and degrading ISIS , according to the officials . It is most likely that the target list will be broadly described to the President , with some analysis about what would be accomplished . Presidents generally do not review each and every target before a strike . The broad guidance is given and then the military selects the time , date , place -- after the President makes the political decision to proceed . Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel told the House Armed Services Committee on Thursday that he and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Martin Dempsey signed off on plans to strike ISIS in Syria . He said Gen. Lloyd Austin , the commander of the U.S. Central Command , briefed Obama on Wednesday on the plan for striking ISIS in Syria . "  CENTCOM 's plan includes targeted actions against ISIL safe havens in Syria -- including its command and control , logistics capabilities , and infrastructure , " Hagel said . "  Our actions will not be restrained by a border that exists in name only . " Obama is "  actively " reviewing options and has "  offered guidance " to the Department of Defense about the target sets that he 's reviewed , White House spokesman Josh Earnest said last week . But Earnest said that Obama is not signing off on each strike . "  These are very difficult operational decisions that will have to be made on a case-by-case basis . Many of them do n't rise to a presidential level , to the level of the commander in chief , " Earnest said . House approves plan to assist Syrian rebels In the "  old days , " there were literally target "  folders . " The military would thumb through a sheaf of classified papers detailing the target , and what aircraft and bombs would be used to strike it . Nowadays , it 's all computerized , of course . The goal , if not the process , is largely the same . The United States has been flying drones over Syria , looking at areas where ISIS operates . The drones are looking for personnel , equipment depots , training camps , and the locations of the group 's leaders . U.S. officials tell CNN if top leadership can be located , they will be on the target list to strike . If past strike procedures against terrorist leaders in Pakistan , Yemen and Somalia are used again , the President would preauthorize strikes against the leaders , by name , and then they would be hit when located . The anatomy of ISIS : How the ` Islamic State ' is run , from oil to beheadings Intelligence is also collected by intercepting cell phone calls and monitoring social media sites that ISIS frequents . All of this is being repeatedly collected over a period of days because the Washington also wants to see any patterns of movement . Many of the targets are mobile , so they have to track them repeatedly . Intelligence also has to be collected on any regime forces , or air defenses in the area where the U.S. will fly . One important challenge : figuring out where civilians are located . Intelligence indicates ISIS has been moving into towns , hoping to blend in and keep safe from potential U.S. airstrikes . Iranian leader rips ISIS , questions U.S. willingness to ` sacrifice ' in terror fight All of this data is assembled for each target . Then the U.S. Central Command determines which type of aircraft and which type of bomb is best to strike the target . Strikes are expected to use precision-guided weapons in order to minimize collateral damage , especially in towns and villages . Those type of weapons can even be used to hit a precise part of a building rather than destroy an entire structure . Each target on the list will include an assessment of the risk of flying into that area of Syria and hitting it , but also an assessment of how the destruction could impact ISIS . The Pentagon is looking for targets to make a significant impact on ISIS , not just destroy small groups of personnel or weapons , military officials tell CNN . Kerry says Syrian President is using chlorine weapons	Military officials are prepared to strike , waiting on President Obama 's go-ahead Obama is "  actively " reviewing target lists and has "  offered guidance " to the Pentagon The U.S. has been flying drones over Syria , looking at areas where ISIS operates If top ISIS leaders can be located , they will be on the target list to strike
