ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It probably would have been just another ho-hum city council budget meeting . Except that the leader of Atlanta 's police union , and second-highest ranking member of the International Brotherhood of Police Officers , said he wanted to beat Atlanta 's mayor with a bat . "  I want to beat her -LSB- Mayor Shirley Franklin -RSB- in the head with a baseball bat sometimes when I think about it , " Sgt. Scott Kreher said into a microphone earlier this month in an apparent off-hand remark during a presentation he was giving to the council . Within days , the 17-year department veteran was suspended . Kreher said the "  it " that made him want to club the mayor was that , despite repeated complaints , the police union contends the city is not honoring workers ' compensation claims for cops whose careers ended when they were seriously injured on the job . Franklin , one of the nation 's high-profile mayors , told CNN on Tuesday that the officers ' complaints are a "  separate issue " from Kreher 's comments . "  Some people think I 'll just shake it off , " she said of the sergeant 's threat . "  I ca n't shake off an officer at City Hall -- not in his shower or in his front yard , but in official capacity -- threatening to hit me in the head with a bat . That is a severe act of violence . When you hit someone with a bat , you intend to kill them . " The police officers union called a news conference Thursday , in part , to defend Kreher , who 's their second-highest ranking member . Three officers in wheelchairs were there , at times crying , their voices raised , as they told their stories of being shot on duty and paralyzed for life . They say they 've made repeated calls for months to city officials to get help with their medical claims and have been ignored . They are part of a group of officers alleging that NovaPro , a San Diego-based private insurance company , has refused or made it difficult for them to get the medication they need to alleviate pain and repair or replace medical equipment . "  I 've been calling the mayor 's office for more than a year , and no one has called me back or I 've been told to talk to another department . Kreher called me back the same day , " said Ryan Phinney , a 43-year-old paraplegic whose squad car was T-boned in 1989 . He said he suffered with kidney stones , made more painful due to his paralysis , because NovaPro either ignored or rejected his claims for months . "  Kreher was defending us against people who refused to listen , and that is so offensive . It 's no wonder he got upset , " Phinney said . The city used to provide its own services , but "  there were concerns about internal management , " Franklin 's office explained to CNN , so it began contracting in 2004 with NovaPro . The police union complained for months about the company . Atlanta officials this month renewed the city 's agreement with NovaPro for $ 3.7 million over three years , saying no other company they 're aware of was in position to do a better job . Russ Whitmarsh , chief operating officer of NovaPro , referred all questions about the officers ' allegations to city officials . Mayor Franklin 's spokesperson issued this statement to CNN : "  We are aware of the complaints of the five injured former Atlanta police officers . We greatly respect the service of these officers on behalf of Atlanta and the sacrifice they have made . The City of Atlanta has worked and will continue working with the employees ' attorneys to address their current complaints . We take that responsibility and obligation seriously and intend to address every complaint within the framework of the Workers ' Compensation Act . " A few days after the bat comment , Kreher apologized to Franklin in a letter , which was published on the union Web site . He called his remark "  inexcusable , " explaining that it sprung from "  frustration and anger . "	Atlanta police union head says he got frustrated at city meeting Other cops quick to defend him , saying mayor is ignoring larger issue Police : Company refusing to help cops injured in the line of duty Mayor Franklin 's spokesperson says mayor will work to address complaints
CNN  -- When Jerry and I first started slinging scoops in 1978 , we knew that it was about more than just the ice cream ; it was about community . Our first scoop shop was in a dilapidated gas station that we renovated with a small loan , a little pocket change and a lot of green wood . In the summer , folks would crowd around at the picnic tables late into the evenings and lounge on the grass laughing , talking and eating ice cream . Ice cream brings people together . We might not agree on politics or religion , heck we might not agree on Chunky Monkey or Phish Food , but that does n't mean we ca n't talk . And in that way , ice cream teaches us a lesson about democracy . Democracy is the triple-deluxe droolworthy idea that the people can govern and be governed in turn , that We the People are the author and the subject of the law . In America , it 's the idea that we can elect representatives who will rise above self-interest and work on behalf of the common good . At least , that was the idea . These days , it looks a little different . Thanks to Supreme Court cases such as Citizens United in 2010 , which trampled over the last remaining semblance of campaign finance laws , our government looks a lot more like a plutocracy : a government where the wealthy rule . The massive influx of corporate dough does n't guarantee victory for Democrats or Republicans . But it allows wealthy donors to control the national conversation and drown out other voices , making it harder and harder for the people to be heard . It allows corporations to bully our representatives and influence their votes . All they have to do is threaten to throw gobs of cash against members of Congress who oppose them , and they can chill democratic debate . When George Washington gave a farewell address to Congress in 1796 , he talked about why the U.S. Constitution deserved the people 's support and confidence . It was n't because it contained immutable , universal principles ; it was because the people wrote it and the people have the power to alter it . Well , if we 're going to save our democracy , we need a constitutional amendment that declares once and for all : 1  Money is not free speech . 2  Corporations are not people . The movement to amend is already making big waves . Thirteen states and more than 500 municipalities have passed ballot initiatives calling on Congress to propose a constitutional amendment . More than 150 congressmen and President Barack Obama say they would support an amendment . But change wo n't happen if we sit back and let other people do the dirty work . We need a stampede to rout the special interests who have corralled Congress . And that 's what we 're doing . The Stamp Stampede encourages people to adorn their dollars , to beautify their bucks , to put make-up on their moola , to stamp money with messages that promote a constitutional amendment to get special interest money out of politics . We know it 's unusual , it 's slightly subversive , but it 's 100 % legal  we checked into it  , and it 's precisely the kind of democratic action we need if we 're going to win a constitutional amendment . It 's not enough for people to sign a petition . We need a petition on steroids . You can open up your windows and scream "  I 'm mad as hell and I 'm not going to take it anymore ! " But if we want Congress to hear us we need to join together in a chorus . So take out your stamps and start stamping messages on your money . The average dollar exchanges hands 875 times . That means if a thousand people stamp one dollar a day for a year , the message would be seen more than 300 million times . If 10,000 people do it , the message would be seen more than 3 billion times . If we all do it , we 'll flush "  dark money " out of politics for good . The time to act is now . This is OUR democracy -- a government of the people , for the people and by the people . But if we do n't stunt the influence of money in politics , we may very well lose our democracy to special interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield .	Ben and Jerry : After Citizen United , our government looks more like a plutocracy We need a stampede to rout the special interests who have corralled congress , they say Ben and Jerry : Stamp Stampede wants people to put a message on their dollars If we do n't stunt the influence of money in politics , we might lose our democracy
CNN  -- An armed man hijacked a Greyhound bus Thursday in North Carolina and took the passengers on a short , wild ride before being arrested . The bus was traveling to Raleigh , North Carolina , when the gun-toting passenger approached the driver Thursday night , said Maureen Richmond , a Greyhound spokeswoman . The passenger screamed for the driver to pull over . The driver did . Thirty-three of passengers were allowed to get off the bus at that time , according to Vance County Sheriff Peter White . The driver , the gunman and the two remaining passengers then continued on to a nearby gas station where police were waiting . The suspect , identified as Jose Flores , was shocked with a stun gun and then arrested , said White . Flores faces a charge of one count of kidnapping , said Capt. Shawn Bridges at the Warren County jail . Authorities were trying to determine why the hijacking occurred .	NEW : Suspect charges with a single count of kidnapping The bus was traveling to Raleigh , North Carolina The gunman approached the bus driver and allowed many passengers to get off the bus Police were trying to determine a motive for the incident
CNN  -- Ghana 's World Cup challenge is in danger of imploding after two of its star players were thrown out of their squad following allegations of physical and verbal attacks within the team 's camp . Sulley Muntari and Kevin-Prince Boateng were both suspended indefinitely by the Ghana Football Association just a day after the players had finally settled a row over appearance fees . Muntari , who plays his football with Italian side AC Milan , was accused of launching an "  unprovoked physical attack " on Moses Armah -- a member of the GFA , in a statement on their website . The incident , which took place on Tuesday according to the GFA , has led to Muntari 's expulsion from the camp . He is joined by Milan teammate Boateng , who the GFA says launched "  vulgar verbal insults " at coach Kwesi Appiah during training this week . "  Boateng has since showed no remorse for his actions which has resulted in the decision , " added the GFA statement . Boateng told CNN 's Chris Eldergill that he had been suspended , but dismissed reports of a fight with Muntari , who was not immediately available for comment . In an interview with German magazine , Sport-Bild , Boateng says he "  absolutely accepts " his punishment and blamed a training ground bust-up for his exclusion . "  Sulley Muntari and I were just joking around , and the coach stopped the session and sent us back to the changing room , " said Boateng . "  Afterwards I went to him and asked what he had against me and he started yelling . He insulted me . " "  No-one should think I insulted the coach . I 'm traveling now , and I wish my colleagues all the best for the match against Portugal , " added Boateng , referring to Ghana 's final World Cup Group G match Thursday . Ghana 's campaign had already been blighted by controversy over the payment of appearance fees to players . Following a standoff between players and the GFA , the nation 's government was forced to fly $ 3 million in cash to Brazil to pay players their fees and fend off the prospect of a boycott . According to coach Appiah , "  the practice in Ghana has always been paying the money in cash " as many of the players do n't have Ghanian bank accounts . Deputy Sports Minister Joseph Yamin told Ghanaian radio station Citi FM : "  The government mobilized the money and chartered a flight to Brazil . " A statement from the Ghana Football Association said : "  The government is pre-financing the payment of the Black Stars appearance fees , which will be reimbursed when FIFA 's prize money for Ghana 's participation in the World Cup is paid . " Ghana 's participation in the World Cup is already under threat with victory against Portugal a must if it is to qualify for the last 16 . The African nation , which reached the quarterfinals four years ago , must defeat Portugal and hope the U.S. fails to gain a result against Germany , though Boateng had already been ruled out of Thursday 's game having been sent off in Ghana 's 2-2 draw against Germany Saturday . The news will be of great encouragement to the U.S. which sits second in the group following an opening victory over Ghana and a 2-2 draw with Portugal . Jurgen Klinsmann 's team takes on the Germans in Recife Thursday needing just a point to qualify for the last 16 . But fans hoping to access the stadium were facing a challenge with rainfall causing chaos around the city . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen , who is in Recife , says roads are flooded and traffic is chaotic .	Ghana has sacked two of its star players Sulley Muntari and Kevin-Prince Boateng suspended indefinitely Sackings come after row over appearance fees Ghana faces Portugal Thursday in final group game
CNN  -- Slide on your glasses as you hit the streets of Portland . Here , amongst the VooDoo Doughnut-eaters , eclectic little coffeehouse-supporters and bookstore-browsing literary crowd , it 's hip to be nerdy . Lisa Warninger , Portland street style blogger for Urban Weeds , came to Oregon 's largest city five years ago and has been captivated by the unique city vibe ever since . "  I 've lived all over the world , " Warninger said . "  I came to this conclusion that there 's no perfect place . Then , I came to Portland and it 's kind of like the perfect city for me . It 's just full of creative types , and I 'm staying ! " Besides owning a good coat and boots  "  a must "  to combat Portland 's long cold , rainy season , the locals are jazzing up their style with splashes of color , designer finds and thrifty picks . Below , Warninger explains Portland 's bright style . CNN : What would you call the street style in Portland ? Warninger : A lot of people like to support local fashion designers here , so what I find is people will invest in a designer piece and the rest of the outfit will be thrifted . People are very conscious of where they spend their money here . CNN : What is unique about the style ? Warninger : This "  mash-up " of a mix between local designers and thrift finds . It may be emerging in other cities , but Portland is doing it to an extreme . Often they 'll go with an indie designer , a unique and cool company , or invest in a great pair of shoes , or something along those lines . They might have a thrifted dress and a fabulous necklace from Grayling . Maybe they found their entire outfit for free on the street but their shoes are from Nom & Ada . The fashion capital of Idaho CNN : Have you seen any trends emerging from that style ? Warninger : One trend that is never going to go away here is looking smart . Wearing glasses , that kind of nerdy cool will always be popular . It 's a very bookish kind of town and this is the only place I 've ever lived where I see people reading while walking down the street all the time . People here love to be informed and well-read , and I think that kind of academic nerdiness will always be fashionable . There is also a new trend for colorful tights . The rest of the outfit will be toned down , grays and blacks , with a very bright tight . There is some crazy neon tight action going on here ! It 's not all country in Nashville CNN : Where do people shop in Portland ? Warninger : There are a lot of nice boutiques in Portland that carry the local designers , like Frances May and Una . Adam Arnold and a lot of the designers have their shops by appointment only as well . Some of the designers that come to mind are Holly Stalder , Elizabeth Dye , Anna Korte , Kate Towers , Nom & Ada , as well as Project Runway 's Leanne Marshall , Gretchen Jones , Seth Aaron  Henderson  and Janeane Marie  Ceccanti  . As far as thrift stores go , there are tons here . I would say there 's some in each neighborhood . San Francisco style : It 's unforgettable CNN : When you 're out on the street , how do you choose people for your photos ? Is there a key element ? Warninger : I always look for that little something extra . They have to have something unique about the way they put their look together . I always like to see what shoes they 're wearing , I love seeing good examples of layering , color combinations , textures , good styling is key . Basically if it makes me look twice , in a good way , then I stop them . Typically , I have found that the people who are stylish here tend to go where artists have always gone , and that would be the coffeehouses . I call it my "  coffeehouse tour " while scouting and I usually go through about eight shots of espresso .	Portland 's street style shows that it 's hip to be nerdy by showcasing smart looks Street stylers splurge on local designer pieces and thrift the rest of the outfit Warninger 's blog , Urban Weeds , features these looks and other "  mash-ups "
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- Chile 's mining minister expressed optimism Thursday that the 33 miners trapped since early last month 2,300 feet  701 meters  below ground here will be rescued in early November and maybe sooner . "  Everything is going a little bit better than anticipated , " Laurence Golborne told CNN about the three holes -- dubbed Plan A , Plan B , and Plan C -- being dug in an effort to open a passageway to safety for the men . "  On Plan A we did n't have to change the drill bit at 200 meters -LSB- 656 feet -RSB- but instead we were able to drill and change it at 320 meters -LSB- 1,050 feet -RSB- , " he said . "  Plan B today reached 500 meters -LSB- 1,640 feet -RSB- and we 're reaching 700 meters -LSB- 2,296 feet -RSB- probably by this weekend . "  We have finished assembly of the Plan C drill and that will be ready to start operating over the next couple of days possibly this weekend . " He added , "  So , we 're optimistic we will comply with our target date at the beginning of November and , if everything stays on path and we have no big problems , then it could be earlier . " Plan A and Plan B each require two holes to be drilled -- a small hole first and then a wider one about 26 to 28 inches  65-70 centimeters  in diameter . Golborne said the second pass would be slower progress than the first pass . "  It 's like eating a donut , " he said . "  What we are doing first is eating a little bit a around the hole in the middle of the donut and then we have to eat the rest of the donut and that is slower . " Drilling under Plan A will stop this weekend once the drill bit reaches 1,247 feet  380 meters  , then the drill will receive scheduled maintenance before resuming early next week , engineer Rene Aguilar said . According to Golborne , the first stage of drilling on Plan B has reached a depth of 1,640 feet  500 meters  and will pierce the ceiling of the mine shaft where the men are trapped this weekend . The assembly of the drill to be used in Plan C has been completed , he said , adding that he hoped it would begin drilling this weekend . Plan A involves using a drill placed directly above the shelter where the miners are holed up . Engineers estimated last week that this plan would take between three and four months to complete the hole at 701 meters  2,300 feet  . Under Plan B , a hole is being drilled at a roughly 80-degree angle into an area of the mine shaft that is used as a mechanical workshop . That distance , engineers estimate , is around 2,034 feet  620 meters  . The drill used in Plan C would need to cut through some 1,969 feet  600 meters  of rock and earth , they said . Golborne said rescue workers were betting which plan would rescue the miners . "  Between our teams members we are betting one another a barbecue , but I wo n't tell you which one I 'm betting on . But no matter which plan wins , I will be very happy if we can have them back as soon as possible . " Two bore holes -- each about 8 centimeters in diameter -- are currently being used to supply the miners . The first carries compressed air , water , communications and a constant supply of electricity to power lights that are intended to simulate daytime and nighttime . Supplies -- such as food , clothing and letters -- are sent down to the miners via metal cylinders known as "  carrier pigeons " through the second bore hole . Golborne said the miners ' pay was being distributed to their families from the mutual security system . "  And in the future , due to their heroism , they will probably be welcome to work anywhere , " he said . The company has continued "  for now " to pay the salaries of some 300 other mine employees who have not been working since the August 5 cave-in , he said . "  We have to see in the future but we , as the government , are prepared to give them the right support , and to help them in the process to defend their rights and to help them find jobs on the future , " he said . Two prototypes of cages to be used to hoist the men to the surface will be reviewed Tuesday as will the design of the winch , Golborne said . He predicted the cage that is used will have a diameter of 55 centimeters  21.7 inches  to 60 centimeters  23.6 inches  and will be pulled upward at a rate of one meter per second , meaning each man could make the trip in 10 to 12 minutes . Previous estimates had suggested it could take 2-1/2 hours to hoist and then lower the cage , . Asked whether new laws were needed to enforce mining codes , Golborne said the laws were not to blame for the men 's predicament : "  The problem was that the owners did not do what they were told to , " he said . "  Not because it was too expensive or they were greedy , but just because they did n't care . ... we have got good regulations but maybe we need to improve auditing of those regulations . " Representatives of the owner , the San Esteban Mining Co. , have said previously they will collaborate fully with Chilean authorities and the Chilean Congress in their inquiries about what went wrong at the mine . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Esprit Smith contributed to this story .	NEW : Prototypes of cages to be used to hoist the men to the surface to be reviewed NEW : Crews are betting on which of three drilling efforts will lead to rescue Chile 's mining minister : Rescue by early November or earlier is possible Lead hole for Plan B expected to break through to cavern this weekend
It was billed as the day 's marquee primary battle , but in the end it was an easy night for Mitch McConnell . The five-term senator from Kentucky -- who 's the top Republican in the chamber -- defeated tea party-backed challenger Matt Bevin in Tuesday 's primary . In Tuesday 's other high-profile race , two Republican candidates in Georgia will face a July runoff for the U.S. Senate , CNN projects . According to numbers compiled by The Associated Press , McConnell led Bevin 60 % -36 % with 97 % of precincts reporting . Bevin conceded , telling supporters that he had spoken with McConnell . That conversation was confirmed by aides to the incumbent . In his concession speech , Bevin did n't back McConnell , but he said he has no intention "  of supporting the Democratic platform over the Republican platform . " But Bevin appeared critical of McConnell and the groups that supported him , saying "  the attacks that we have been on the receiving end of have made our opposition smaller people . It has cheapened their accomplishments and it has weakened the foundation of their platform . " McConnell praised Bevin and made a pitch for reconciliation . "  Matt brought a lot of passion and tenacity to this race and he made me a stronger candidate . A tough race is behind , it 's time to unite . To my opponent 's supporters , I hope you 'll join me in the months ahead and know that your fight is my fight , " McConnell said . How McConnell crushed the tea party Kentucky was one of six states holding primaries on Tuesday and again , anti-establishment candidates faced long odds in high-profile Republican showdowns . In Georgia , CNN projects Michelle Nunn will win the Democratic Senate primary , taking another step toward following in the footsteps of her father , Sam Nunn . On the Republican side , businessman David Perdue led the pack with 30 % of the vote -- well below the 50 % a candidate must get in order to avoid a runoff , according to numbers complied by The Associated Press . Perdue will face off against Rep. Jack Kingston , who came in second with just under 27 % of the vote . The winner of the July runoff will go on to face Nunn in November to fill the seat of retiring GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss . In Oregon , CNN projects Sen. Jeff Merkley has won the Democratic primary , and pediatric neurosurgeon Monica Wehby is the projected winner of the GOP Senate primary . The two will face off in the general election in November . And in Idaho , CNN projects Rep. Mike Simpson has won the GOP primary in the state 's 2nd Congressional District , turning back a challenge from tea party candidate Bryan Smith . 5 key primaries to watch Tuesday While his primary battle ended up easier than originally expected , McConnell now faces a much tougher test against Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes . CNN projected that Grimes would win her primary . A rising Democratic star , she faced no real opposition in her primary and already has had big names -- such as former President Bill Clinton -- team up with her on the campaign trail . Speaking to supporters who held up signs that read "  Obama needs Alison Grimes " and "  Kentucky needs Mitch McConnell , " the Senate majority leader tied his Democratic challenger to President Barack Obama and to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . "  My opponent is in this race because Barack Obama and Harry Reid want her to be in this race , " said McConnell , adding that "  a vote for my opponent is a vote for Obamacare and the President who sold it to us on a mountain of lies . " Grimes , who spoke at her victory celebration just minutes after McConnell 's speech ended , quickly fired back . "  I 'm here to tell you tonight , my fellow Kentuckians , I am not an empty dress , I am not a rubber stamp and I am not a cheerleader . I am a strong , Kentucky woman who is an independent thinker who , when I 'm Kentucky 's next senator , the decisions I make will be what 's best for the people of the Commonwealth of Kentucky , not partisan interests , " Grimes declared . And she highlighted where she does n't see eye-to-eye with Obama . "  I do n't agree with the President 's war on coal . I think it 's wrong for Kentucky , " Grimes said . Grimes connected to big donors , big hitters Bevin , a businessman from Louisville , announced his primary challenge last summer , and quickly gained the support of tea party activists and some influential DC-based anti-establishment groups . The race between the two men quickly turned ugly , and expensive , as both campaigns and outside groups spent big bucks . Anti-establishment Republicans felt that McConnell represented everything wrong in Washington and thought he could be knocked off . The Senate Conservatives fund dished out $ 1 million in support of Bevin and against McConnell . But the group recently became very quiet , with McConnell 's formidable lead in the public opinion polls . Large campaign war chest But McConnell had a large campaign war chest , as well as the backing from two Kentucky-based super PACs , and such powerful national groups as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Rifle Association . And McConnell ended his primary campaign by once again touting his endorsement from Kentucky 's other Republican senator , Rand Paul , the one-time upstart who beat McConnell 's pick in the 2010 GOP Senate primary in Kentucky . But the two quickly mended fences , and Paul , who is very influential among tea party activists and libertarians , backed McConnell last year before Bevin got into the race . Paul congratulated McConnell in a tweet . The narrator in one of McConnell 's two closing statewide TV commercials says , "  On Tuesday , join with Rand Paul and vote for Mitch McConnell . " And the spot includes a clip of Paul saying last year that Kentucky "  ought to be proud of having Senator McConnell . " Earlier this year McConnell predicted big wins for incumbents facing primary challenges from the right , saying , "  I think we are going to crush them everywhere . " McConnell told the New York Times that when it came to tea party challenges , "  I do n't think they are going to have a single nominee anywhere in the country . " His prediction might come true , as McConnell 's defeat of Bevin was the latest in a string of victories for incumbent and more moderate Republicans over candidates backed by tea party activists and other grassroots and anti-establishment groups . Soon after the race in Kentucky was called for McConnell , two of the groups backing Bevin closed ranks behind the Senate minority leader . "  Now it 's time for Republicans to unite for victory in November , " said a statement from the Senate Conservatives Fund . And the Madison Project released a statement saying , "  We congratulate McConnell on winning the primary . We ask all Republicans to come together to defeat extremist Hollywood liberal Allison Lundergan Grimes this fall . " Now it 's on to November 's midterm elections , where Democrats -- who hold a 55-45 majority in the chamber  including two independents who caucus with the party -- are defending 21 of the 36 seats in play , with half of those Democratic-held seats in red or purple states . Key races to watch The only states where the Democrats currently hope to play offense are Kentucky and Georgia . If the GOP flips six Democratic held seats , they 'll will win control of the chamber , and McConnell will get a promotion from minority leader to majority leader . McConnell made a pitch for that promotion in his victory speech , saying " we can take the reins of power away from Harry Reid and make this President accountable . Make me the majority leader and Kentucky will lead America . " A big question right now is whether Bevin and his supporters will rally around McConnell , or if they sit it out come November . In 2010 , after Paul topped McConnell-backed candidate Trey Grayson , the minority leader was quick to bring all sides together at a unity rally . The battle ahead The faceoff in Kentucky should continue to be heated , and expensive . When all 's said and done , the race could become the most expensive Senate campaign in history , breaking the $ 82 million record set in the 2012 Senate battle in Massachusetts . Grimes , 35 , is using classic campaign strategy against the 72-year-old longtime incumbent : it 's time for change . "  We 've had 30 years of failed leadership under Mitch McConnell ; we can not afford six more , " Grimes declared emphatically to a packed house at her campaign headquarters here in Louisville on Monday . To counter that , McConnell is using a standard strategy for a longtime incumbent . He is trying to paint his seniority as a plus and warn Kentuckians about the perils of a junior senator with little clout in Washington representing them instead of a potential Senate majority leader . "  My opponent , I certainly agree , is a new face , but a new face for what ? New face for the status quo . Same majority leader , same agenda , no change at all . A new face for no change at all , " McConnell argues on the stump . But Grimes ' full-throated assault on McConnell goes beyond a call for change . She is using McConnell 's GOP leader status and his frequent moves to block legislation to make him the symbol of gridlock in Washington . Like Republicans all over the country , McConnell is trying hard to make this election a referendum on President Barack Obama , who lost Kentucky big in 2012 and is highly unpopular now . "  Do we want to go in a different direction , or do we want Harry Reid to continue to be the majority leader ? Do we want a vote for Barack Obama in a state that he carried four out of 120 countries ? That 's what 's really at stake in the fall election , " McConnell told CNN Monday . And the pro-McConnell outside group Kentuckians for Strong Leadership said they would spend nearly $ 600,000 starting Wednesday to run a television commercial that ties Grimes to the President . The problem for McConnell is that he too has a high unfavorable ratings back home , and Democrats here are hoping that will be his ultimate downfall . The most recent polling indicates the two candidates are all tied up in the November showdown .	CNN projects Mike Simpson has won the GOP primary in Idaho 's 2nd Congressional District CNN projects Merkley and Wehby will win Senate primaries in Oregon CNN projects Perdue and Kingston will face a runoff in Georgia 's GOP Senate primary Six states were holding primaries Tuesday
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- A 15-year-old boy who was set on fire , allegedly by a group of youths he knew , told police he remembered "  cold stuff all over my clothes and ... burning . " "  Somebody poured something on me and lit me on fire , " Michael Brewer tells police from his hospital bed in the audiotaped interview conducted November 23 , six weeks after the October 12 incident . "  I started running . " Broward County , Florida , prosecutors released the interview , along with other audio , video and documents , to media outlets including CNN on Monday and Tuesday . Three teenagers have been charged as adults with attempted murder in connection with Brewer 's burning . Detectives said eyewitnesses have told them that 16-year-old Jesus Mendez used a lighter to set fire to Brewer after Denver Jarvis , 15 , allegedly poured alcohol over him , and that Matthew Bent , also 15 , allegedly encouraged the attack . Detectives said Mendez admitted that he set Brewer on fire , and that he made a "  bad decision , " according to an arrest transcript . Interviews with the suspects were not part of the evidence released this week . Detectives believe that Brewer owed Bent $ 40 for a video game . When Brewer did not pay , police said , Bent stole Brewer 's father 's bicycle , then was arrested when Brewer reported him to the police . The next day , police believe , the group sought out Brewer . In the interview , Brewer speaks in a soft , labored voice and sounds breathless . He can be heard inhaling and exhaling on the recording . He told police that Bent "  came to my house and he tried to take my dad 's bike . He threatened me . He threatened my sister . " He said Bent wanted him to buy something that he did n't want to buy , but he could n't remember what . "  I think it was stolen , " Brewer said . He said he saw Jarvis pour the flammable liquid on him , and told police he was walking away from the others when it occurred . When the teens approached him , he said , one told him , "  Nobody 's going to hit you . " Instead , he recalled "  cold stuff all over my clothes and ... burning . " Bent , Mendez and Jarvis face a maximum sentence of up to 30 years in prison if convicted . Two other boys who were allegedly involved , a 13-year-old and 15-year-old , have not been charged in the attack . After he was set on fire , "  I 'm like , run . Run , " Brewer said . "  I ... jumped the fence and jumped into the pool . " "  This guy comes running out and tries to pull me out of the water , and I said , ` Leave me , leave me , ' 'cause my skin was , like , hanging , " he said . "  I got out of the pool , and ... in a chair . And then they put me on a stretcher , and they strapped me , and then they put me on the helicopter . " A videotaped interview with an eyewitness to the incident is also among the pieces of evidence released . In it , the teenager recalls hearing Bent , who is known as Zeke , tell Jarvis to pour the flammable liquid on Brewer . "  Zeke 's like , ` Yeah , yeah , pour it on him , ' " the witness says , estimating the pouring lasted three to five seconds . Asked if a lot of fluid was poured on Brewer , the boy said it soaked his entire back . Brewer was released from Jackson Memorial Hospital 's burn unit on December 22 after more than two months . During that stay , he had three skin-graft surgeries and was on a ventilator for a month . He was readmitted to the hospital earlier this month after experiencing trouble breathing , but was re-released after three days . Doctors have said he faces a long recovery and rehabilitation process . Brewer is recovering at an undisclosed location . His mother , Valerie Brewer , has said he will be home-schooled once he has recovered enough to resume his school work . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	Police release interview with teen set on fire , allegedly by youths he knew Michael Brewer recalls threats , flames , running , jumping in pool to douse fire Three teens are charged as adults with attempted murder in the incident Brewer , 15 , faces long recovery and rehabilitation process
CNN  -- Video producer 's note : Lasers are now being used to help people with disabilities communicate . CNN got a firsthand look at how this assistive technology works when Sandy Hanebrink , executive director of Touch the Future , gave us a demonstration of the Lucy 4 keyboard at the Abilities Expo in Atlanta . In the above video you 'll see how the technology has given a voice to people that would otherwise have no means of communicating on computers and smartphones . In what other ways do you think lasers can be used to help people with disabilities ?	The Lucy 4 keyboard for the disabled can be accessed by laser control Hanebrink : When it comes to jobs and school , assistive technology can level the playing field The keyboard is designed to limit head movement
CNN  -- Why leave home when you can send out a sexy , stylish robot version of yourself to do anything you tell it ? In "  Surrogates , " lifelike robots take the place of humans in day-to-day life . That 's the world of "  Surrogates , " a film starring Bruce Willis that opens Friday . Willis plays an FBI agent who investigates the first murder to occur in years in a world where no one worries about crime or pain , because their robots self-heal with a quick reboot . Far-fetched science fiction ? Sure . But scientists and the movie 's makers say the technology might not be as far away as most people think . Armies use remote-controlled robots to attack enemies and destroy land mines . Emerging technology for the disabled allows users to operate robotic limbs and control computer cursors without touching a keyboard . And emerging "  telepresence " technology is letting people see , hear and , increasingly , walk , talk and gesture using human-sized robots a world away . "  There are a lot of real-world components to this , " said robotics expert and author Daniel H. Wilson , whose books like "  Where 's My Jet Pack ? " and "  How to Survive a Robot Uprising " explore the intersections between science fiction and real science . "  Clearly , there are not fully functional humanoid robots ... but there are a lot of components to telepresence that already exist . " "  Surrogates " director Jonathan Mostow , whose film credits include 2003 's "  Terminator 3 : Rise of the Machines , " said he was drawn to the concept of surrogate robots as an extension of current technology . And , he said , as he met with scientists , he became convinced that something approaching the concept could one day be a reality . "  To me , it 's not even a question of the technology . Technology always catches up , " he said . "  The question is , is some universal human urge being met by this invention ? It seems to me we have a fundamental human desire to be lazy , to sort of not have to do things in person and to do it remotely . "  That began with the telegraph and the telephone and has morphed into the Internet . " The first steps down the road are being taken at Anybots , a Mountain View , California , company founded in 2001 by Trevor Blackwell . The company offers , for about $ 30,000 , a 5-foot-tall , 35-pound robot that allows the user to remotely travel , see , hear and talk . It hopes to release its latest version of the robot at a more affordable price . The robot 's vaguely humanoid curves , roughly adult height and ability to move around using technology similar to that of the Segway are important steps up from current teleconferencing technology , Blackwell said . Anybots in the development phase are being designed to run , jump and climb stairs , and they come equipped with fully articulated hands designed to perform increasingly human-like tasks . Blackwell said he 's not sure the technology will ever advance to the level imagined in "  Surrogates " -- but that may have as much to do with desire as ability . "  I do n't know if we 'll ever get quite to that level , of being that realistic , " he said . "  Most of the time , you 're not trying to fool people ; you 're just trying to make something human enough so people can relate to it . " Wilson , who said he appreciates "  Surrogates " because it avoids sci-fi 's traditional "  man vs. machine " dynamic , also imagines social reasons for not pursuing such technology . "  Would humans stand in line at the grocery store behind a robot ? Would I let my children play outside if I knew there were robots outside walking dogs ? " he said . It 's more realistic , Wilson said , that a humanoid robot could be created to remotely perform tasks that would be too dangerous for the machine 's operator to do . although NASA employs robots in space , the highly technical work often required for space walks still requires a human touch -- at least for now . Plus , he said , making robots that look and act like us would help them function better , he said . "  Another major reason to create humanoid robots is , they can use all of our tools , " Wilson said . "  Human beings have taken large chunks of the planet and completely transformed the environment to support our embodiment . Doorways are a certain width all over the world because human beings are about the same size . All our tools are similar because we 've all got hands and thumbs . " For Mostow , the movie also reflects technological advances that , for better or worse , exist as the world of online networking continues to grow . "  You can do your shopping . You can get your news . You can let everyone know what you 're up to , " he said . "  For those who telecommute , you do n't even have to put your clothes on to go to work . "  This idea basically just takes that to its logical conclusion . "	In "  Surrogates " sexy , stylish robots live life for their owners Scientists say "  telepresence " with robots is real , will improve California company Anybots developing robot that can jump , climb stairs Director : Androids are "  logical conclusion " of technology that already exists
Seattle  CNN  -- Amazon on Wednesday announced three new Kindle Fire tablets : a 8.9 - and 7-inch Kindle Fire HDX and a lower-end Kindle Fire HD . The tablets feature faster hardware , better screens , improved software and a subtle new look . "  We have always wanted to build hardware that disappears and gets out of the way , " said CEO Jeff Bezos , who showed off the new products at Amazon 's Seattle headquarters . "  When you 're reading a book you do n't think about the glue and the stitching . " Making hardware that customers can successfully ignore requires a manufacturer pay a lot of attention to hardware . The Amazon team has spent the last year improving its Kindle line inside and out . Faster guts by the numbers The result is a Kindle Fire HDX that 's a beefed-up , sped-up , slimmed-down upgrade to last year 's Kindle Fire HD . The third generation of Kindle Fire , the HDX comes in two sizes : 8.9 inches for $ 329 and 7 inches for $ 229  tag on another $ 100 if you want a 4G connection through Verizon or AT&T . High-quality screens are key for devices that are built to deliver content like movies and books . The new screens are much higher resolution than the previous Fires . The 8.9-inch tablet crams in 339 pixels per square inch with a 2560-by-1600 resolution screen ; the 7-incher is 1920-by-1200 with 323 pixels per square inch . Rounding out the screen improvements , the colors are more accurate and the screen automatically adjusts the contrast depending on how much ambient light there is . The tablet is also faster , elaborate visuals like the kind in video games are smoother and speedier and there should n't be any lag when navigating through menus , using apps or enjoying books or movies . The internal hardware making that possible includes a new 2.2 GHz , quad-core processor , 2GB of RAM and an improved graphics engine . For some reason , people continue to take photos with their tablets . Amazon has added an 8-megapixel camera to the back of the larger tablet and included a fat selection of editing and photo tools , like HDR and burst mode . The third new Kindle Fire is the Kindle Fire HD , and its killer feature is a $ 139 price tag and slightly speedier specs than last year 's model . There 's stranger on your tablet . He is talking to you and doodling on your screen . Any kid who 's ever had to give his or her parents tech support will rejoice at this new , kind of kooky help feature . Mayday is a new tech support option on Kindle Fire HDX tablets , and it 's a uniquely Amazon approach to customer support . When activated , within 15 seconds a small box pops up on the screen showing the face of a live , human Amazon customer-support representative . You can see them and hear their voice , and they can hear you and see your tablet 's screen .  They can not see the customer , which should minimize any unfortunate ChatRoulette-style pranks . They can talk you through simple questions like "  How do I download a new book , " or more complicated issues such as connecting to a VPN or using encryption . The representative draws arrows and circles on your screen to guide you though your problem , or they can take over completely and navigate through the menus and settings for you . The reps are trained to be very friendly and personable , even chatty . After you 've solved your problem , you can stick around and ask them for recommendations on games or books you might enjoy . Only Kindle HDX owners can bring up a live human , and they can do it 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , for free . Amazon plans on training its existing army of tech support representatives to handle the calls , but will add to its staff if the feature takes off . A Jelly Bean-flavored Mojito The Kindle Fires run on a highly customized , nearly unrecognizable version of the Android Jelly Bean mobile operating system . This year , Amazon is finally marking the OS as its own and giving it a name , Fire OS 3.0 , code name "  Mojito . " The big carousel is still there , showing your most recently opened items . A book or movie is treated the same as a game in Amazon 's world . Instead of all your novels being buried in a reading app , their icons exist side by side with apps . Slide from the right in any screen to see a mini , vertical version of your carousel . Get to work The Fire has primarily been marketed as a content consuming device , a physical portal into Amazon 's vast ecosystem of books , movies , music and other goods . In the past year , the company noticed an increase in the number of people using it as a work and productivity device . To make it more workplace friendly , they improved productivity apps like e-mail and document reading and included security features like native VPN support , data encryption and Kerberos authentication . But then stop working and play with these fun features There are other small features folded into the new Fire HDX tablets . X-Ray , a pop-up companion display that offers up more information on books you 're reading and videos you 're watching , first debuted on the Kindle Fire HD last year and has been expanded for the HDX . Say you are watching a TV show . Turn on X-Ray and you can see info pulled from IMDB for the exact scene on your screen . It will list the actors you see , trivia or goofs , and show what song is being played . You can even pull up the entire soundtrack for an episode or movie and , naturally , buy it on the spot . If you have a compatible Samsung TV , Xbox or PlayStation , you can turn your big screen into a second screen , watching videos directly from the larger device while you use the tablet for X-Ray exploration or any other task . Misheard lyrics could be stamped out with X-Ray for music . It shows the lyrics for the song you are listening to , as they are being sung . Tap on any word and the song will start playing at that point . Anyone whose commute takes them underground or out of Wi-Fi range will be thankful for a new Amazon Prime Instant Video feature that lets you download videos to the tablet so you can still watch when streaming is n't an option . All three tablets are available to order . The 8.9-inch HDX will ship December 10 , the 7-inch HDX will ship November 14 and the regular Kindle Fire HD will ship October 2 .	Amazon announces New Kindle Fire HDX tablets The tablets include free , 24/7 tech support on the tablet screen with a live person A new lower-end Kindle Fire HD will retail for $ 139
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The two teen girls were close friends , each looking forward to a summer trip to California to improve their English . Ye Mengyuan excelled at the piano , just as she did in her academics . Wang Linjia enjoyed calligraphy and , according to local media , her work at the school 's TV and radio stations . Classmates since junior high , the girls often ate lunch together at school , and few were surprised that they chose to sit together on the 10-hour flight that led to their deaths Saturday . Asiana Airlines Flight 214 had started in Shanghai , China , where the two girls boarded . Then , with a stop in Seoul , South Korea , the flight headed for San Francisco . The Boeing 777 was seconds from landing Saturday when its rear end struck the edge of the runway at San Francisco International Airport , sending it spinning and erupting in flames . When medics arrived , they found the bodies of the two girls on the runway , next to the burning wreckage . Tragic still , one of them may have been struck by a first responder 's vehicle , authorities said . "  Our examination will determine whether  the death  was from the airplane crash or secondary incident , " San Mateo County Coroner Robert Foucrault said . Remarkably , 305 people survived the crash . Ye and Wang were the only two who did n't . ` Oh , Lord have mercy ' : Witness captures fatal jet crash Headed to camp The pair , along with 28 classmates and four teachers , were headed to a summer church camp held by the West Valley Christian School near Los Angeles . The camp is aimed at helping foreign students improve their English skills . Study tours are increasingly popular for Chinese families that can afford them . Another group of students and teachers from Taiyuan in Shanxi province were also on the flight . The tours usually last around two to three weeks and cost about $ 5,000 , with the East and West Coasts of the United States the most popular destinations . West Valley Christian School said on its website that the girls and their group had been due to arrive Tuesday and stay for three weeks . Instead , some members of the group are still hospitalized in San Francisco , waiting for their families , said Derek Swales , administrator for the school . Once they recover , they will be returning to China for the summer instead of coming to camp , he said . Students from the group were carrying bags and blankets labeled "  Salvation Army " when they arrived at a San Francisco hotel on Monday . They met with China 's counsel general , standing solemnly in a circle as he spoke . An adult with them said they were having a difficult time . "  They spent the morning crying , " the adult said . The girls would have studied language , arts and culture during their stay at the camp . Ye was also looking forward to visiting college campuses , Chinese media said . A picture in Hong Kong 's Apple Daily newspaper showed two grinning , bespectacled girls wearing red-and-yellow tracksuits and making a heart shape with their arms . Chinese netizens mourn Asiana crash victims A school in mourning Back home in Jiangshan in eastern China , students mourned the death of two of their own . At a vigil , they placed candles in the shape of a heart , hugged each other and wept . "  We hope we can send the two who died our wishes and hope that they will be in heaven , in peace , " said Chai Peng Lei , 18 . Wang was known as a natural leader in the classroom at Jiangshan High School , friends and teachers say . She studied hard and wanted to be a journalist . Her teacher told the Beijing Morning Post that Wang was hard-working and inquisitive . "  She was attentive and responsible and communicated with other students when there were problems , " the teacher said . "  That 's why she was elected class leader three years in a row . " Her classmate , Lu Hao , told the newspaper Wang was always smiling . "  She was tall and skinny and very nice to others , " Lu said . A keen painter and calligrapher , Wang produced artwork that was said to hang on the wall of her father 's office . Ye 's mother told the paper her daughter had won the school 's annual speech contest . Her music teacher said she possessed a special skill at singing and playing the piano . Word of the girls ' deaths devastated other parents in the community , many of whom had sent their own children on the same summer trip . For years , the elite school has been sending students to the United States for the summer , so when the news came , father Mao Xiao Qiang said he thought it was a joke . "  The second feeling was surprise , and then I was terrified . I immediately called my boy , and luckily , I found he was OK , " he said . "  As a father , I feel very sad . I saw those girls when we were saying goodbye . " Grieving parents arrive in U.S. Ye 's and Wang 's parents left for San Francisco on Monday bring the bodies of their beloved girls home , the school 's principal said . During a layover in Seoul , Asiana Airlines President and CEO Yoon Young-doo met the parents at the airport and apologized . The families later arrived in San Francisco on Monday night , China Daily reported . CNN 's David McKenzie in Jiangshan , Steven Jiang in Beijing , Dan Simon and Linda Hall in San Francisco , Stephanie Elam in Los Angeles and Jackie Castillo in Atlanta contributed to this report .	NEW : Parents of the two girls killed arrive in San Francisco NEW : Asiana Airlines ' CEO apologized to the parents during their layover in Seoul Ye Mengyuan and Wang Linjia , both 16 , both died after the crash One of the girls killed may have been hit by emergency vehicle
CNN  -- When NBA All-Star Carmelo Anthony announced earlier this month he was just finishing a 15-day fast , it caught even his closest allies off-guard . Everyone from New York Knicks coach Mike Woodson to teammate Amare Stoudemire said they had no idea Anthony was on a special diet . Others were skeptical : Could a professional athlete really survive , much less perform , without eating for 15 days ? It turns out , he probably did n't . Anthony cut out meat and carbohydrates but did take in some calories , according to media reports . Nutritionists say he was pushing his luck , even with that modified version . "  Athletes need a regular intake of carbohydrates and protein , not only to fuel their activity , but to recover , " says Marie Spano , a sports dietitian from Atlanta who works with professional basketball , baseball and football players . Your brain on food : Obesity , fasting and addiction Jennifer Gibson , a sports dietitian at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs , suspects he might have simply cut out meat or tried some kind of liquid diet : "  With a no-food fast for 15 days , we would have seen a noticeable change in his body , and we did n't . " Moore says a serious athlete should forget fasting altogether -- "  if you 're on a quarter tank of gas , you 're not going to compete well " -- but if you do decide to try fasting for religious or other reasons , there are a few things to keep in mind . Remember fluids If you choose to avoid food for any length of time , you still need to stay hydrated . The human body can function fairly well for up to three days without food , but you should n't go even a few hours without ingesting water or juice , say nutritionists . Keep it short It takes about three days without food for the body to go into an unhealthy starvation mode -- less if you do n't have a big meal before the big fast , according to Gibson . It takes about a day for the body to run through stored carbohydrates and start to burn fat and protein for energy . Burning fat may sound tempting , but around the three-day mark , it leads to a buildup in the bloodstream of acids known as ketones -- a condition known as ketosis , which can result in nausea , dizziness and stomach pain , along with severe bad breath . As days turn to weeks , it eventually leads to organ damage . A two - or three-day fast might not be dangerous , but even just a few hours without calories will impact performance , especially for an athlete . "  As you get lower blood sugar , you 're feeling some fogginess and dizziness , even if you keep hydration up , " Gibson says . "  You can function , but there 's a point you realize where you 're not functioning optimally . " Do n't fast to lose weight "  I ca n't recommend fasting , " says Marisa Moore , a dietitian in Atlanta . "  If people want to do it for discipline or mental clarity , that 's OK . But my concern is for the other 360 days a year . " "  You have to look at sustainability , " agrees Gibson . "  A lot of people fast for a week , and all they think about is what they 'll binge on when they 're done . It 's not teaching anyone a healthy relationship with food . " Plan carefully Planning is critical when you place constraints on your diet . For example , last year during the monthlong Ramadan , Gibson laid out a special meal plan for Olympic fencing hopeful Ibtihaj Muhammad . During Ramadan , observant Muslims avoid eating or drinking between dawn and dusk , so Gibson focused on the narrow windows when Muhammad was allowed to eat . "  We focused on foods that are really easy to digest and not overly fatty , " Gibson says . "  Things like rice , applesauce and yogurt -- everything in small chunks of food . " Even so , Muhammad cut back her training during Ramadan , backing off when she felt tired or dizzy . Gibson notes that planning can be even tougher for people juggling jobs and families . Fasting is n't for everyone Some people should never fast : pregnant women , anyone on medication that needs to be taken with food and diabetics -- not to mention anyone else with a medical condition that requires regular food intake . Moore adds that people younger than 18 should also never fast . "  They 're still growing and developing , and it can also set up psychological issues with food . " New Year 's resolution or not , Anthony said last week in London he is starting to get his energy back and that he does n't regret the experiment . "  It was just something I wanted to do . I think at times in life you just need clarity on some things and you just want to rebuild your body up , and rebuild your mind , and just clear everything up , and start afresh . " With a wide smile , he added , "  I 'm back eating now ! " Muslim Olympians wrestle with Ramadan dilemma Despite daily Ramadan fast , Muslim NFLer trains for season	The NBA 's Carmelo Anthony says he 's back to eating after a fast If you 're trying a fast , remember to stay hydrated Do n't use fasting as a weight-loss tool , experts say
BANGKOK , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej , the world 's longest-reigning monarch , has been hospitalized with fever and fatigue , the royal palace said Sunday . King Bhumibol Adulyadej attends a celebration of his 81st birthday in Bangkok on December 2 , 2008 . King Bhumibol Adulyadej , 81 , was admitted to a Bangkok hospital on Saturday night . Doctors are monitoring his condition while administering antibiotics and intravenous fluid , the statement from the Royal Household Bureau said . The statement was carried by Thai News Agency and other local media . The king was formally crowned on May 5 , 1950 . Watch why king 's health is big issue " Thailand abolished absolute monarchy in the 1930s , so the king wields little power although he last month appealed for unity amid Thailand 's four-year-long political crisis . He remains a deeply revered figure and enjoys immense popularity . Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva told reporters on Sunday that the king visited hospital on doctors ' advice . "  There is no problem with His Majesty 's conditions . From my chats with doctors , there is nothing to be concerned about , " Abhisit said after signing a visitors ' log book at the hospital , according to Reuters.com .	Thailand 's King Bhumibol Adulyadej is hospitalized with fever and fatigue King Bhumibol Adulyadej is world 's longest-reigning monarch King wields little power but is deeply revered and enjoys immense popularity
CNN  -- Napoli joined Juventus at the top of Italy 's Serie A after an Edinson Cavani hat-trick blew away Lazio in a 3-0 victory at the Stadio San Paolo . The hosts ' fourth win in five league games takes them to 13 points , with only a missed penalty from Cavani denying Walter Mazzarri 's side from taking top spot outright in the Italian championship . The Uruguayan became the league 's top scorer with five goals after racing to his hat-trick in just over an hour but he blazed a 75th minute spot-kick over the bar . Napoli , who remain unbeaten , now share an identical record of eleven goals scored and two conceded with reigning champions Juventus , who drew 0-0 at Fiorentina on Tuesday . Lazio -- whose German striker Miroslav Klose earned praise after admitting to match officials that he had used his hand when bundling the ball home early on -- suffered their second loss in as many games after starting their campaign with three straight wins . Meanwhile , AC Milan relieved some of the pressure on embattled coach Massimiliano Allegri when beating ten-man Cagliari 2-0 at the San Siro to move tenth in the table . Allegri watched from the sidelines as he served a touchline ban issued after he made heated protests to officials during Sunday 's defeat at Udinese but he would have been delighted to see striker Stephan El Shaarawy grab a double -- and was further boosted by the return of Brazil 's Robinho after a month-long injury . Both Allegri and Milan went into the game knowing that a win was imperative after defeats in their opening games at the San Siro stadium -- against Sampdoria and Atalanta -- had led to the club 's worst home start to a season in over 80 years . The win also meant that one of Milan and Inter , who share the San Siro , had finally won a game -- at the tenth time of asking -- after the installation of a new partially-synthetic pitch over the summer . Having suffered a shock home defeat against Siena on Sunday , Inter responded by moving up to fourth after winning 2-0 at Chievo , thanks to goals from Alvaro Pereira and Antonio Cassano . In the Italian capital , Sampdoria protected their unbeaten record as they recovered from going behind to a first half Francesco Totti goal to draw 1-1 at Roma and take third spot , three points behind the leaders . Elsewhere , Catania beat Atalanta 2-1 , Geno drew 1-1 with Parma , Torino and Udinese played out a goalless draw while Pescara beat ten-man Palermo 1-0 thanks to a late strike from Wladimir Weiss . There was just one game in Spain where Atletico Madrid went second in La Liga , and six points clear of city rivals Real , after winning 4-2 at Real Betis . Colombian striker Radamel Falcao scored twice to overtake Lionel Messi at the top of La Liga 's scoring charts , with Atletico 's thirteen points now just two fewer than Barcelona . In Germany , Szabolcs Huszti and Didier Ya Konan kept Hanover among the league leaders , scoring or assisting in all four goals as the team beat Nuremberg 4-1 at home . Bayern Munich top the Bundesliga after winning their opening five games , but Hanover moved third as Konan 's brace and one from the Hungarian Huszti took their points tally to ten for the season . Hamburg moved out of the bottom three after drawing 2-2 at Borussia Monchengladbach , with former Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Rafael van der Vaart opening the scoring for the visitors .	Napoli beat visitors Lazio 3-0 to go joint top of Serie A with reigning champions Juventus Edinson Cavani strikes a hat-trick to take his season 's league tally to five , one more than Fiorentina 's Stevan Jovetic AC Milan relieve pressure on coach Massimiliano Allegri with a 2-0 win at home to Cagliari In Spain , Atletico Madrid win 4-2 at Real Betis to go second in La Liga and six points clear of city rivals Real
Washington  CNN  -- Aviation authorities around the world ordered airlines to stop flying their Boeing 787 Dreamliners over fire risk associated with battery failures aboard the highly touted aircraft . Groundings that extended globally on Thursday stemmed from a U.S. Federal Aviation Administration directive on Wednesday night that planes should not fly until the problems are resolved . The action resulted from recent mechanical and other glitches culminating with a severe battery related fire aboard an empty Dreamliner in Boston 10 days ago and an emergency landing in Japan this week prompted by an alarm indicating smoke in an electrical compartment . "  The battery failures resulted in release of flammable electrolytes , heat damage , and smoke on two Model 787 airplanes , " the FAA said in a statement . "  The root cause of these failures is currently under investigation . These conditions , if not corrected , could result in damage to critical systems and structures , and the potential for fire in the electrical compartment , " the FAA said . In all , authorities in Europe , Japan and India have grounded the planes while the battery problem is investigated . Carriers in Chile and Ethiopia also set down their 787s until further notice . United Airlines is the only U.S. carrier to operate the Dreamliner . The carrier said it would work with the FAA on its directive . It inspected its fleet of six 787s after the Boston fire . The marquee and technologically advanced 787 is widely viewed as crucial to the future of the world 's biggest aircraft manufacturer . The Dreamliner order book is very strong even though the plane had years of embarrassing setbacks and cost overruns during development . The first commercial Dreamliner flight took off in October 2011 , flying from Tokyo to Hong Kong , and the planes flew without major problems for months . But Boeing 's most recent problems with the plane extended beyond battery technology , global safety regulators , canceled service and a steady stream of negative publicity . The company 's shares on Wall Street are sharply lower as well . Growing list of problems Most problems have been considered fixable and described as growing pains for a new airliner . But these experts say any battery system design problem would raise larger issues for the manufacturer , carriers and travelers . Dreamliners fly 150 flights daily worldwide , Boeing said . Q&A : Dreamliner problems explained Since July , the growing list of reported troubles aboard the planes include a fuel leak , an oil leak , two cracked engines , a damaged cockpit window and a battery problem . The FAA announced a safety review of the aircraft last week before taking stricter action on Wednesday . In the most serious incident so far , an All Nippon Airlines  ANA  787 with 129 people aboard made an emergency landing after a battery alarm on Wednesday . Those aboard reported a burning smell in the cabin , and an alarm indicated smoke in a forward electrical compartment . Hours later , ANA and Japan Airlines announced that they were grounding their Dreamliners -- a total of 24 planes -- pending an investigation . Japanese authorities followed suit , saying the planes should stay on the ground until battery safety could be assured . The head of India 's civil aviation regulator , Arun Mishra , also asked Air India to halt operation of its six Dreamliners for the time being . The European Aviation Safety Agency said it , too , had adopted the FAA directive , which applies to the two 787s flown by the Polish carrier LOT . Ethiopian Airlines also announced it was temporarily grounding four Dreamliners , according to regional manager Yohannes Teklu . It has had no issues with its 787s but is following the FAA directive as "  an extra precautionary safety measure and in line with its commitment of putting safety above all else , " the company later said in a statement . Chile-based LAN Airlines said it was temporarily grounding its three Boeing 787 aircraft and Qatar Airways was also putting down its fleet of five Dreamliners . Boeing confident planes are safe Boeing Chief Executive Officer Jim McNerney said in a statement on Wednesday the manufacturing giant is confident that the planes are safe and is working with authorities to get them flying again . "  Boeing is committed to supporting the FAA and finding answers as quickly as possible , " the statement said . McNerney did not mention specifics about the recent incidents , but said the company "  deeply regrets the impact that recent events have had on the operating schedules of our customers and the inconvenience to them and their passengers . " The batteries are critical to the plane because the 787 is thirsty for electrical power . The Dreamliner uses electricity to run more systems than any other Boeing airliner , said University of Dayton professor Raul Ordonez , an aircraft electrical and computer engineer who spent time observing Dreamliner development at Boeing 's Seattle headquarters . The 787 is unique because its batteries are lithium-ion batteries . These hold more energy for longer periods than the standard nickel cadmium airliner batteries . "  These kinds of batteries , " Ordonez says , "  are slightly more likely to cause problems . " Although lithium batteries heat up quickly because of their structure , they have systems and circuits in place to prevent overheating , said Tsutomu Nishijima , a spokesman for GS Yuasa . The Japanese company supplies batteries for Dreamliners . Investigation expected to take weeks The investigation will take several weeks , the company said . Boeing has delivered 50 Dreamliners so far and has more than 800 additional orders from airlines around the world . Carriers who have ordered planes but are still awaiting delivery , like Qantas of Australia and Etihad in the United Arab Emirates , expressed confidence that the problems would be sorted out by the time they received the planes . Boeing 's shares , which had previously been resilient in the face of this month 's negative publicity over the Dreamliner , sank another 2 % on Thursday . After last week 's incident in Boston , Boeing chief engineer Mike Sinnett expressed confidence in the aircraft 's battery system . "  I am 100 % convinced the airplane is safe to fly , " he said . "  I fly on it all the time . " Longtime commercial pilot and industry analyst Patrick Smith said the battery issue did not appear to be a major problem , but called the FAA order "  a positive and pro-active step . " "  I do n't think that it was dangerous for the plane to be flying , but it probably was n't the best thing to be flying it on the heels of this latest emergency landing in Japan , " Smith said . "  All airplanes have their teething problems , and this was trending in a bad direction , " he added . "  Now the authorities have said , ` Stop , ' and that 's a good thing . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers , Thom Patterson , Harmeet Shah Singh , Pamela Boykoff , Junko Ogura , Marilia Brocchetto and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report . CNNMoney 's Charles Riley and journalist Chie Kobayashi also contributed to this report .	Governments , airlines ground their Dreamliners over fire risk Action follows directive from U.S. authorities to not fly plane pending investigation Boeing says the company is confident that the planes are safe The moves follow an emergency landing in Japan and fire aboard a 787 in Boston
CNN  -- Medecins Sans Frontieres has been banned from operating in Myanmar 's strife-torn Rakhine State , following official accusations the aid organization is biased towards the state 's persecuted Rohingya minority . The international medical NGO , also known as Doctors Without Borders , was last week banned from the southeast Asian nation , where it provides essential healthcare to tens of thousands of patients and has operated for 22 years . On Saturday , the organization announced that the government had allowed it to resume operations in a number of regions , but not in Rakhine State , where the majority of the predominantly Buddhist country 's disenfranchised Muslim Rohingya minority is concentrated . Since 2012 , the state , home to an estimated 800,000 stateless Rohingya , has seen outbreaks of communal violence that have killed hundreds and left 140,000 displaced . In a statement , MSF said it was "  deeply shocked by this unilateral decision . As the major NGO healthcare provider in Rakhine , it ran clinics in nine townships across the state , "  treating anyone who was unable to access the medical care they required , " including tens of thousands of vulnerable people who displaced into camps by recurrent communal violence . But Ye Htut , spokesman for Myanmar President Thein Sein , said the organization had been banned from the state for consistently showing favoritism towards the Rohingya -- a stateless group Myanmar 's government does not recognize as a legitimate ethnic minority , but regards instead as interlopers from neighboring Bangladesh . "  MSF 's foreign and local staff in Rakhine have created a lot of problems because they are not following their core principle of neutrality and impartiality , " he said . "  When they give treatment to people they prefer to emphasize on the Bengali people . Sometimes Rakhine people visit their clinic seeking help and they 're refused . They allow transportation of Bengali patients to the nearby hospital but they fail to provide the same service to the Rakhine people . " The perceived bias had "  created a lot of tension in the local community , " he said . Nine days ago , hundreds protested against the NGO in Sittwe , the state capital . READ MORE : Thai police raid illegal border camp holding Rohingyas MSF would not reveal the reasons it had been ordered to halt operations , citing the sensitivity of the situation , but responded to the accusation of bias with a statement that "  all MSF services are provided based on medical need only , regardless of ethnicity , religion or any other factor . " Reports have speculated that the ban was triggered by MSF statements contradicting the official government 's account of a recent massacre alleged to have occurred in the Rakhine township of Maungdaw in January . The U.N. and human rights groups claim at least 40 Rohingya Muslims were killed by state security forces and ethnic Rakhine , with the MSF claiming it treated 22 people in the area for weapon wounds . But a government inquiry stated that only one police officer had died . Htut said the disagreement over the Maungdaw massacre was "  not a major issue , " but had been the "  final straw " for the Rakhine state government when it came to the NGO . "  The state government and local people think the MSF is intentionally creating tension in the community by spreading baseless information like this , " he said . He also accused the organization of breaching the terms of its Memorandum of Understanding to operate in Myanmar by denying officials access to its clinic , and by employing "  nearly 40 " foreign staff in the state when it was allowed 19 . MSF did not respond to the latter allegations , but said it was "  extremely concerned about the fate of tens of thousands of vulnerable people in Rakhine state who currently face a humanitarian medical crisis . " It said it was continuing talks with Myanmar 's government to ensure life-saving services could continue in the state .	Medecins Sans Frontieres has been banned from Rakhine State , Myanmar Myanmar 's government accuses it of bias towards the persecuted Rohingya minority The NGO says it provides care regardless of religious or ethnic affiliation Rakhine State is home to the majority of Myanmar 's Rohingya , a stateless Muslim group
New York  CNN  -- A federal judge ruled Tuesday that a New York gun law restricting assault weapons and large-capacity magazines was constitutional , but he threw out a provision prohibiting the loading of more than seven rounds of ammunition into a firearm . Judge William Skretny of U.S. District Court in Buffalo found that parts of the gun-control law -- known as the SAFE Act and enacted by Gov. Andrew Cuomo early in 2013 -- restricting assault weapons and large-capacity magazines did not violate the Second Amendment and met an important governmental interest in public safety . But the judge ruled that the seven-round limit on ammunition was unconstitutional and "  arbitrary , " according to the decision . The law was passed in January 2013 after the mass shooting at a Newtown , Connecticut , elementary school . Armed with a semi-automatic rifle , gunman Adam Lanza killed 20 first-graders and six school staff members at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14 , 2012 , before taking his own life . Earlier , he killed his mother inside their home . The New York State Rifle & Pistol Association filed the lawsuit in March , challenging the law 's constitutionality . The association did not immediately return CNN 's message seeking comment .	New York judge upholds law restricting assault weapons and large-capacity magazines Provision prohibiting the loading of more than seven rounds thrown out Laws passed after 2012 mass shooting at Newtown elementary school
CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Monday will rule on a politically-charged Obamacare appeal involving a requirement that certain , for-profit businesses provide contraceptive coverage to their employees . Can those employers avoid the requirement if they object on moral or religious grounds ? Can they do so if they see this as a requirement that can -- in their view -- ultimately lead to abortion ? That 's what the justices have weighed over several months . Here are five questions to consider in advance of their decision , which incidentally is the last of the term and should come down shortly after 10 a.m. ET . 1 . How big is this case ? It 's the most closely watched one this term . The legal and social pique may not reach the heights of two years ago when the justices narrowly preserved the Affordable Care Act and how it is paid for . But the stakes are still large , and the decision could serve as a primer for other pending challenges to the health law championed by President Barack Obama and in play as a campaign issue this midterm season as Republicans seek to retake the Senate . "  This case is n't that practically important , except for the employees and businesses involved . There just are n't a huge number of those , " said Thomas Goldstein , publisher of SCOTUSblog.com and a Washington appellate attorney . "  But everyone can agree the social questions presented -- about when people can follow their religious convictions , and when people are entitled to contraception care -- are truly important , " he said . 2 . What 's the case about ? The court is zeroing in on part of the health care law that requires certain employers to offer insurance coverage for birth control and other reproductive health services without a copay -- even when the employers say doing so would violate their religious beliefs . The decision actually stems from separate appeals filed by two companies , Conestoga Wood Specialties , a Pennsylvania cabinet maker , and Hobby Lobby , an Oklahoma-based retail giant . Conestoga employs about 1,000 people , while Hobby Lobby has roughly 13,000 workers . Companies say it 's wrong for the government to require they provide insurance coverage for , say , drugs that would be provided to prevent human embryos from being implanted in a woman 's womb , which the business owners equate to abortion . Under the law , companies that refuse to comply could be fined more than $ 1 million daily . 3 . Who says what ? The White House and its allies say the requirement is "  lawful and essential to women 's health . " The Obama administration has defended it in court , and has already created rules exempting certain nonprofits and religiously-affiliated organizations , like churches , from the requirement . In those cases , women would receive coverage from another source at no cost . Supporters of the law also fear a high court setback on the contraception mandate will lead to other healthcare challenges on religious grounds , such as do-not-resuscitate orders and vaccine coverage . More broadly , many worry giving corporations religious freedom rights could affect laws on employment , safety , and civil rights . Hundreds of advocates and demonstrators on both sides are expected to rally in front of the courthouse on Capitol Hill . 4 . How will the court rule ? The justices have a good deal of discretion and could reach a "  compromise " by interpreting the law narrowly . Conservatives , in theory , have the five votes to strike or severely limit the contraception mandate . But some on the bench may worry about the long term impact in overruling large parts of a law passed by Congress , and now being carried out in stages . On the other hand , only one conservative justice who sides with the four more liberal members would be enough to give another huge legal boost to Obamacare . Liberals in general have criticized the conservative majority high court for being overly sympathetic to business interests . 5 . How did we get here ? This is the next chapter in the pitched legal fight over the Affordable Care Act that was approved by Congress in 2010 without any Republican support . Obama and Democratic allies moved forward to help provide insurance coverage for tens of millions of Americans without it . So far , 9 million people have signed up for benefits since last October , but Republicans claim the program is too expensive and wo n't work . The first lawsuits challenging the healthcare overhaul began just hours after Obama signed it into law . The landmark June 2012 decision upheld key parts of Obamacare , ensuring that it would move forward just before the President 's reelection . Nearly 50 pending lawsuits have been filed in federal court from various corporations challenging the birth control coverage benefits . But the Supreme Court will have the final say on those with its decision on Monday . A Mennonite family 's fight over Obamacare reaches Opinion : How Obamacare can reduce abortions Court set to rule on Obamacare contraception mandate Hobby Lobby : The beliefs behind the battle	The justices will rule on Monday over the next challenge to Obamacare Should employers offer health coverage for contraception if they object on moral grounds ? Companies appealing say doing so could ultimately lead to abortions , which they oppose The case is n't as big as two years ago , but it does have political implications
Editor 's note : Jordan Lorence is senior legal counsel for the Alliance Defense Fund , a nonprofit organization of Christian attorneys . He has litigated religious liberty and free speech cases since 1984 , including the Southworth case before the U.S. Supreme Court in 1999 , involving mandatory student fees at public universities , and a 2004 case that resulted in a California Supreme Court ruling that marriage licenses issued by San Francisco to same-sex couples were invalid . Jordan Lorence says Rick Warren 's views on marriage should n't bar him from Barack Obama 's inauguration . SCOTTSDALE , Arizona  CNN  -- Proponents of redefining marriage could n't wait for the new president to be sworn in before demanding that he erase from the inauguration ceremony a prominent American who disagrees with them . The target of their rhetorical bombardment is Rick Warren , the popular Christian pastor from Southern California . President-elect Barack Obama has asked Warren to give the invocation at his inauguration . Not so fast , cries Kathryn Kolbert , head of People for the American Way , an organization that claims to advance equality and freedom of speech and religion  but not for Rick Warren and those who agree with his marriage views  in a piece published on CNN.com . Warren 's grave sin ? Along with 52 percent of California voters , he supported California 's Proposition 8 , which affirmed the definition of marriage as between one man and one woman . What a radical ! Though Warren will only be praying for the country 's future  not giving a speech about marriage  , Kolbert and others are pressuring Obama to set a precedent for his administration of publicly shunning someone who supports the traditional definition of marriage . They want people like Warren silenced and ostracized for their "  hate speech , " defined today as disagreeing with their agenda to impose a redefinition of marriage on an unwilling America . Obama , to his credit , has resisted their strident demands . The attacks on Warren are the latest in a series of coercive , intimidating attacks on supporters of traditional marriage . Now , activists have ramped up their strong-arm tactics by pushing the president-elect to ban Warren from appearing at the inauguration . This is amazingly audacious , in light of the fact that on marriage , the overwhelming majority of Americans and , indeed , humanity , agrees with Warren . Americans have voted to preserve marriage in all 30 states where it has been on the ballot by an average vote of more than 65 percent . The collective experience and wisdom of every major civilization from the dawn of time agrees that societies function best and children are best protected when marriage is defined as between one man and one woman . Warren and those who agree with him want all nations to experience these benefits of marriage when it is rightly defined and consistently practiced . Ironically , Obama has repeatedly stated that he agrees "  that marriage is the union between a man and a woman . " Does Kolbert question his fitness to serve as president in light of his allegedly "  bigoted " views on marriage ? Kolbert brazenly denies that she and other activists desire to silence pastors like Warren because of their marriage views . She is indignant that Warren and others spread the "  big lie " that redefining marriage would threaten the freedom of speech and religious liberties of those who hold the view shared by the vast majority of Americans . Her argument is disarming in its pure duplicity . Part of Kolbert 's case against Warren , who she thinks should not be speaking at such an important public ceremony , is that he believes that folks like her are working to ban people like him from speaking at public ceremonies . Thus , the "  big lie " becomes an obvious truth . This is really all about ideological purity -- and purging . Are the activists proposing that no one should be permitted to speak at the inauguration if they hold beliefs on marriage contrary to hers and her ideological bedfellows ? How can publicly snubbing the influential and respected Warren advance what Kolbert calls "  the values of unity and respect ... on which President-elect Obama campaigned ? " It wo n't . But it will surely send a message to those who believe in marriage , that they will be viciously attacked for expressing , or merely believing , that marriage is defined as between one man and one woman . Ms. Kolbert provides just the latest example of how the forces of "  tolerance " and "  diversity " quickly abandon their principles of "  live and let live " when somebody disagrees with them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jordan Lorence .	Jordan Lorence : Barack Obama has asked Rick Warren to give the invocation He says activists are seeking to ban Warren from speaking because of his views Lorence says Warren 's view on marriage is the majority position in the U.S. He says Obama also believes marriage is between a man and a woman
Abuja , Nigeria  CNN  -- My friend 's eight-year-old daughter burst into tears while watching a Boko Haram video release on TV the other evening . The terrorist group has been receiving the kind of local and international media coverage that could make even a Hollywood megastar explode with envy . At the current rate , the group 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , might as well be given his own reality show . I understand the reporting of a bomb blast : the need to let the world know about 234 missing school girls is obvious . Updating us on the world 's efforts to rescue the abducted girls definitely makes sense . But why should law-abiding citizens be bombarded with the megalomaniac audio and video rantings of every Shekau recording forwarded to the press ? As news organizations around the world scrambled to make amends for their belated coverage of the kidnapped school girls , Boko Haram contributed to the media frenzy by releasing a video in which Shekau boasted that he would sell the girls for the equivalent of $ 12 each . Since then , many of us have had to endure , from local and international media , several replays of the villain 's Idi Aminesque gloating into the camera . The group 's earlier video released days after the bombing of a bus park in an Abuja suburb  which took place a few hours before the abductions  featured Shekau barking bombastic statements such as : "  We are in your city but you do n't know where we are " , "  President  Jonathan , you are now too small for us . We can only deal with your grand masters like Obama , the president of America ... even they can not do anything to us ... we are more than them , " and "  So , because of that tiny incident that happened in Abuja , everybody is out there making an issue of it across the globe ? " These taunts and other details of the video were broadly reported by international news organizations , even at a time the world was paying little attention to the missing girls -- when Nigerians were yet to know exactly how many students had been abducted , their names , and what they and their families looked like . The media has also been sophisticating its coverage of Boko Haram 's activities . What looks to me like the effort of steamy thugs to stock up on females to meet their physiological and domestic needs -- while grabbing major headlines in the process -- has been glamorised as "  an attack on the right of girls to education . " Additional reports that more girls were stolen from their homes -- not school , this time -- in Warabe and Wala villages of Bornu State , should have caused the media to finally acknowledge the abductions for the common criminality that they really are . Besides , anyone following the news closely might have heard that these abductions of females have been carrying on for quite some time , though never on the scale that has recently shocked the world . Opinion : How Islam can fight back against Boko Haram Similarly glamorous motives were ascribed to Boko Haram 's bombing of two newspaper offices in Nigeria . Headlines described the April 2012 incident as "  an attack on freedom of the press . " However , Shekau 's video release , which followed soon after , gave his actual , rather primitive reasons : " ... Each time we say something , it is either changed or downplayed ... I challenge every Nigerian to watch that video again . There is no place our imam either said he will crush President Jonathan or issued an ultimatum to the government in Nigeria , but nearly all papers carried very wrong and mischievous headlines . " I can imagine the AK47-clad hoodlums scrambling to Google after each fresh aggression , frantically typing their leader 's name and some relevant key words . There was nothing complex about the group 's motives : The newspaper office bombings were a mere act of raw revenge . Boko Haram is probably just a gang of plundering hoods masquerading as a group with higher motives that could warrant dialogue -- never mind that they may have attracted the alliance of more sinister sponsors with more strategic purposes . The group claims "  Western education is a sin " yet records its threats with hi-tech video equipment and employs advanced ammunition to destroy ; it has no clear target and attacks willy-nilly , a la Wild Wild West ; and its conduct is as Islamic as that of the street preacher who kidnapped and raped Elizabeth Smart was Christian . The media and expert analysts are the ones who seem to be supplying Boko Haram with all the grand motives they may never really have thought about in the first place . As an author , who has had expert reviewers dissect my book and ascribe to my writing various meanings of which I had absolutely no idea , I am quite familiar with how something straightforward can suddenly be accorded impressive complexity . We may not be able to take the guns and bombs out of the hands of Boko Haram and their ilk yet , but since they are not content to take full advantage of Instagram or Facebook -- as many other attention-seekers of this age are -- the media must stop fuelling their inner psychopaths . If they wo n't travel to Hollywood and patiently wait tables until they get noticed by Quentin Tarantino , we must not offer them stardom on a platter . There has to be a better way of passing on the relevant information and awareness of danger about terrorists to the public , without creating superstar monsters .	Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani : Why must citizens be bombarded with Boko Haram "  rantings " Group 's aim is glamorised , misrepresented by media , she argues Conduct is as Islamic as that of preacher who kidnapped Elizabeth Smart was Christian , she writes Media must stop fuelling their inner psychopaths , offering them stardom on a plate
CNN  -- Inter Milan were held to a drab goalless draw by Genoa in the San Siro on Sunday to leave them four points clear of arch-rivals AC Milan in Serie A . It proved a frustrating night for the reigning champions and in particular their coach Jose Mourinho , who was serving the second of a three-match touchline ban . He fielded a three-strong attack of Mario Balotelli , Goran Pandev and Diego Milito , but they drew blank against a determined visiting side . Only in the closing minutes did Inter threaten with Maicon , striking substitute Samuel Eto'o and Wesley Sneijder going close . Inter moved to 59 points , with Milan their nearest challengers after being held goalless by AS Roma on Saturday . In other action on Sunday , Palermo stepped up their campaign for a Champions League place with a 1-0 win over Livorno . Fabrizio Miccoli 's goal nine minutes from the end took the Sicilians into fourth place in Serie A , two points clear of Juventus , Palermo beat Juve in Turin last weekend in a match which could prove crucial in the battle for qualification . Sampdoria are in sixth , a point further back , after a 2-1 home win over Lazio . The struggling visitors took a seventh-minute lead through Sergio Floccari but goals later in the first half from Stefano Guberti and Giampaolo Pazzini were enough to give Samp the three points . Napoli continued to slip down the table after a 2-1 defeat at Bologna , with Marcelo Zalayeta and Brazilian Adailton scoring early goals to claim the three points .	Inter Milan held to a goalless draw by Genoa in San Siro Jose Mourinho forced to watch match from the stands after touchline ban Palermo up to fourth in Serie A after 1-0 win over Livorno
CNN  -- Mohammed Alshaya owns more high street brands than most fashion addicts could stuff in their closets . Mohammed Alshaya , CEO of Alshaya 's retail division , tells MME he sees a new mindset in the Gulf Topshop , Coast , NEXT and River Island are just some of the big names he 's imported from the United Kingdom to shopping centers in the Middle East . As chief executive of M.H. Alshaya , he knows what sells : tried and tested Western brands that will appeal to local shoppers . And his empire is not limited to clothing . In the past month , he 's taken Mothercare and The Body Shop to Central Eastern Europe . With the addition of the Czech Republic , Hungary and Slovakia , M.H. Alshaya now operates in 16 markets including Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , United Arab Emirates , Bahrain , Qatar , Oman , Lebanon , Jordan , Egypt , Cyprus , Turkey , Poland and Russia . John Defterios spoke with Mohammed Alshaya , and started by asking him for his thoughts on the Gulf Cooperation Council  GCC  plans for a single currency . JD  : I would imagine as a retail operation you 'd be a huge proponent of a single currency within the GCC . Is it realistic within the next 4 to 5 years ? MA  : I think it can be , as long as there is a will of the leaders to get together and decide . It is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation , getting closer between the six countries . One single Central Bank that governs and regulates is much better than the current six , I believe . JD  : Have you ever done any calculations of what impact it would have on your back office operations ? MA  : Not yet , but it will be great , I think . JD  : You 're one of the largest retail operations throughout the Arabian Peninsula . With all this growth that we 're seeing right now , it must have a direct impact on the retail sector . What sort of annual growth are you experiencing ? MA  : We 're experiencing close to 25 percent annual growth , if not 30 percent in some cases , like in Dubai . JD  : Do you have any sort of concerns that this is going to be a bubble like the 1970s where the money was not deployed correctly ? It seems different from my vantage point , do you share that view ? MA  : There is a new generation of people from the region that are leading businesses and strong leadership in the government that have mitigated any concern . And if you see now the statistics , the Gulf is the seventh largest economy in the world . In ten , in 15 years time , it will be the fifth . So I see a new mindset , a new attitude . JD  : One of the other things I wanted to ask you about is your moves into other countries . The Alshaya group is very well known throughout the Arabian Peninsula , but you 're moving into other markets , into Eastern Europe , specifically into Russia . Do you have the expertise to go into these markets ? MA  : Well , yes . We have the expertise , and the expertise is by really retaining good management , and traveling with them into new markets . I 'm not going to open shops myself . We have a very strong team in Russia ; Russians that are taking our investment into good projects like Starbucks which we opened two months ago , two stores . We acquired a business there . So we have plans like Mothercare , Bodyshop , NEXT . JD  : So you can basically move this group into any city and have that potpourri of offers ? MA  : We have the software . We have the software to launch the retail portfolio into a new market . JD  : Obviously you 're a family business . You feel quite strongly about preserving culture and the family structure , and the need for family businesses to create jobs , because they represent 75 percent of all turnover in the Gulf . MA  : We have a social responsibility toward our people . We have to make sure we have jobs for them if the government is not going to compete , and is going to take away some of the people who would be relevant to our business . Another issue that might challenge us to do that is the wealth creation -- whether  potential employees  would be attracted to be in a department store selling or in a coffee shop making coffee -- that , we will see . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks with Mohammed Alshaya , CEO of M.H. Alshaya 's retail division Retail division seeing annual growth of 25 percent , up to 30 percent in Dubai Group taking Starbucks , Mothercare , Body Shop into Eastern Europe , Russia On GCC single currency : It is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation
CNN  -- Charles Dickens , who was born 200 years ago this week , created some of the best-known and most loved figures in English literature , from Oliver Twist and David Copperfield to Pip , Miss Havisham and Magwitch . But of all the characters he wrote about , none played as important a role in his work as that of London itself : its hustle and bustle , its glittering promise and grimy streets and the extremes of poverty and wealth experienced by those who lived there . Alex Werner , the curator of the Museum of London 's "  Dickens and London " exhibition , says the city was "  absolutely central " to Dickens ' work . "  It triggered his imagination , " he told CNN . "  He called it his ` magic lantern ' , and would spend hours pacing the streets , drawing inspiration from what he saw around him . " Read more : Dickens admirers mark bicentenary London was Dickens ' muse , helping to spark his creativity and provide ideas for some of the most memorable characters , settings and plot twists in English literature . As Britain -- and literature lovers the world over -- celebrates Dickens ' bicentenary in 2012 , what better time to explore the city he knew and loved best ? Dickens in London Dickens moved to London as a child , but the family soon ran into financial trouble : His father was sent to debtors ' prison , and at the age of just 12 , Dickens was forced to work in a shoe polish factory -- Warren 's Blacking Warehouse , at Hungerford Stairs -- to support his mother and siblings . "  It was a crazy , tumbledown old house , abutting of course on the river , and literally overrun with rats ... the dirt and decay of the place rise up visibly before me , as if I were there again , " he later told his biographer , John Forster . Both the warehouse and the stairs , near what is now Embankment tube station , are long gone . The Charles Dickens Museum is housed in Dickens ' former family home , in Doughty Street . It was here that he wrote "  Oliver Twist " and "  Nicholas Nickleby . " Opened in 1925 , the museum holds the world 's most important collection of Dickens items , including his pens , letters , and furniture . It is to close for much of 2012 as part of a 3.1 million redevelopment project , but is expected to reopen before Christmas . The offices of All The Year Round , one of the magazines Dickens founded to publish his stories , are on Wellington Street , just off the Strand . At the height of Dickens ' popularity , crowds would gather outside to wait for the latest episode . Today the Charles Dickens Coffee House is on the ground floor . Dickens is buried in Westminster Abbey 's Poets ' Corner , alongside other literary greats including Geoffrey Chaucer , Alfred Tennyson and Thomas Hardy . Many of the other members of the Dickens family , including his parents , John and Elizabeth -- the models for Mr Micawber and Mrs Nickleby -- his ex-wife Katherine , sister , and nephew -- the inspiration for Tiny Tim in "  A Christmas Carol " -- are buried in Highgate Cemetery . To mark the Dickens bicentenary , the cemetery is hosting Dickens tours . Dickens ' ties to London , and the role that the city played in his novels , are celebrated in the Museum of London 's "  Dickens and London " exhibition , which runs until June 10 , 2012 . The show features items from the author 's own life -- his desk , and manuscripts -- as well as those evoking the city as he knew it . London in Dickens A century and a half of modernisation has meant that many of the locations in Dickens ' novels no longer exist -- but eagle-eyed visitors can still catch a glimpse of the city as Pip or Oliver would have recognized them . "  There is very little left , " says Clare Pettitt , Dickens specialist at King 's College London . "  You can track Dickens ' London , and see where things were , but they are n't necessarily still there . " One site that Dickens returned to again and again , both in real life and in his novels  it features in "  Oliver Twist " and "  The Pickwick Papers "  , is Covent Garden -- though in his day , it was a proper working market , rather than the touristy shopping area it is today . Just around the corner , Bow Street Magistrates ' Court -- now a police station -- is mentioned in both "  Oliver Twist " and "  Barnaby Rudge . " As a young man , Dickens worked as a solicitor 's clerk , and the Inns of Court , which in his day were home to many of the city 's legal professionals , feature heavily in his works . Lincoln 's Inn and Chancery Lane both feature heavily in "  Bleak House " , and nearby is The Old Curiosity Shop , one of the oldest shops in London . Gray 's Inn is used as a location in both "  David Copperfield " and "  The Pickwick Papers " . The tranquil square at historic Staple Inn , Holborn , is mentioned in Dickens ' final , unfinished novel , "  The Mystery of Edwin Drood , " where he reports that it "  imparts on the relieved pedestrian the sensation of having put cotton in his ears and velvet soles on his feet . " The bells of the clock tower in St Dunstan-in-the-West Church , Fleet Street , are the ones which wake Scrooge to his new life at the end of "  A Christmas Carol . " Raise a glass to Dickens Pubs and taverns featured heavily in both Dickens life and his work , and several of those mentioned in his stories and letters are still serving today . Pettitt says one of his favourites was Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese , just off Fleet Street . The pub features in "  A Tale of Two Cities , " and has a wider literary pedigree , having also been a haunt of Samuel Johnson , W.B. Yeats and Mark Twain . Pettitt also recommends The Grapes pub in Limehouse , east London . "  It features in ` Our Mutual Friend , ' and feels very ` Dickensian ' , overlooking the river , which was so important in his works , though of course these days it 's not as full of boats as it was in his day . " And across the river in Greenwich , Alex Werner suggests the Trafalgar Tavern , which was famed , in Dickens ' day , for its whitebait suppers . "  Dickens ' letters are full of suggestions for various excursions along the river , " explains Pettitt . "  He was always writing to people saying ` Let 's go down to X and stop for dinner at Y ' -- there was always a culinary target to his expeditions . " City walks An insomniac , Dickens spent many hours walking London 's streets in the dead of night . "  He knew its alleys and streets better than anyone , " said Werner , explaining that some of Dickens ' greatest works came about as a result of these lengthy strolls . "  We know from his letters that in October and November 1863 , for example , he was walking 10 to 15 miles a night , while working on his book . " In the spirit of the man himself , several Dickens walking tours take place around the city . London Walks runs a Charles Dickens ' London tour every Friday afternoon at 2.30 pm , departing from Temple tube station . The company also runs special Dickensian Christmas walks in late November and December . To mark Dickens ' bicentenary , the Dickens Museum is running a weekly Dickensian London walk each Wednesday evening , from February 8 to April 4 , departing from the museum , in Doughty Street , at 5pm . Have you got a favorite Dickens location in London ? Which London-linked Dickens tale is your top choice ? Share your tips in the comments below .	Author Charles Dickens born 200 years ago this week Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol author took much inspiration from London Dickens ' ties to the city are celebrated in a new Museum of London exhibition Dickens 2012 celebrations also planned elsewhere in the world
CNN  -- Brian David Mitchell , the homeless street preacher who abducted , raped and kept a 14-year-old Elizabeth Smart captive for nine months , was sentenced to life in prison Wednesday . "  We believe it is an appropriate , just and long overdue result for our community , for the Smart family and of course , most importantly , Elizabeth , " said Carlie Christensen , U.S. Attorney for Utah . U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball issued the sentence Wednesday . A jury found Mitchell guilty in December of Smart 's 2002 kidnapping . "  Mitchell 's heinous conduct , the evidence of his propensity to reoffend mandated such a sentence , " Christensen said . Beaming before a group of reporters gathered outside the federal courthouse , Smart , now 23 , said she was "  thrilled " with the sentence -- the maximum allowable under the law . "  As I said during court , and I 'll say it again now , I absolutely 100 % believe that Brian David Mitchell knew exactly what he was doing when he kidnapped me , and all the events that followed . ... Today is the ending of a very long chapter , and the beginning of a very beautiful chapter for me , " she said . Wednesday 's sentencing occurred nearly nine years after Smart was abducted . "  This case demonstrates that the road to justice can be painstakingly long and emotional , " James McTighe , the FBI special agent in charge of the case , said after the sentencing . "  However , this case also demonstrates that justice will be served no matter how many days , months or years it may take . " Smart testified for three days during Mitchell 's more than four-week trial . "  I felt that because of what he had done to me , I was marked , " she said during her testimony . "  I was n't the same . My personal value had dropped . I was nothing . Another person could never love me . " She testified that she awoke to find a man holding a cold steel blade to her neck on June 5 , 2002 . She was taken from her bed and marched up a rugged mountain path in her red silk pajamas . When they reached Mitchell 's remote camp , Smart testified she was "  sealed " to her captor in a marriage ceremony , raped and shackled between two trees with a metal cable . She said she was degraded and treated "  like an animal . " Smart said she was raped nearly every day during nine months in captivity and forced to drink alcohol , smoke cigarettes and watch Mitchell have sex with his legal wife , Wanda Barzee . She was forced to wear robes and a veil in public and was not permitted to speak to other people . She said she feared Mitchell would act on his threats to kill her and her family if she did . She said Mitchell told her their marriage was preordained and that she would be by his side as he took seven times seven wives and successfully battled the Antichrist . They would hold exalted positions in God 's new kingdom , she was told . Smart told reporters Wednesday that she was determined to dedicate her life to child advocacy , "  to help stop and prevent future kidnapping crimes , sexual crimes against children , against anyone . " She noted that the sentencing also occurred on National Missing Children 's Day . Her father , standing beside her , held up posters depicting several children who were recently abducted . "  I think one of the biggest ways to overcome any trial in life , to heal from any kind of experience , is by helping those around you , because by lifting those around you up , you end up lifting yourself up as well , " Smart said .	NEW : Smart says she is "  thrilled " and pledges to dedicate her life to advocacy "  Today is the ending of a very long chapter , " she tells reporters Prosecutors say the sentence is just A jury found Brian David Mitchell guilty in December
CNN  -- Kevin Rudd returned as prime minister of Australia on Thursday , three years after being replaced in the office by his then-deputy Julia Gillard . Rudd challenged Gillard for leadership of the Labor Party on Wednesday and won a 57-45 vote among fellow Labor members of parliament . In the Australian parliamentary system , the leader of the governing party assumes the position of prime minister and on Thursday morning , in Canberra , Rudd was sworn in for a second time . Gillard resigned after the party vote on Wednesday night and announced she will leave politics . A major factor in Gillard 's demise -- and in Rudd 's Phoenix-like return -- is the election Australia has to hold by the end of this year . Under Gillard 's leadership , Labor was facing overwhelming defeat , according to opinion polls . But the same polls show a Rudd-led Labor Party would fare much better at the ballot box . Australian Governor-General Quentin Bryce oversaw the swearing-in ceremony at Government House in Canberra . The governor-general represents Queen Elizabeth II as head of state . Rudd is widely popular with Australian voters , who go to the polls in September to pick a new parliament and government . Gillard had called for the vote herself after months of inner-party friction . Rudd , who was elected in 2007 but was ousted by Gillard in a leadership challenge in 2010 , said he returns to the office of prime minister with "  humility , with honor and with an important sense of energy and purpose . " Julia Gillard : Admired abroad , vilified at home He said the negative politics holding Australia back in recent years "  must stop , " and that he will strive to achieve this goal as prime minister . He also paid tribute to Gillard as "  a woman of extraordinary intelligence , of great strength and great energy , " and said she had achieved remarkable reforms despite heading a minority government . In her own news conference , Gillard said she was grateful to have had the opportunity to lead her country . "  This privilege was truly humbling . I thank the Australian Labor Party for that privilege and I thank the Australian people for their support , " she said . "  When I first put myself forward for consideration for Labor leader in 2010 , I had the overwhelming support of my colleagues to do so . I thank them for that . And I thank them for giving the opportunity to me not only to serve the nation but to serve as the first female prime minister of this country . " Tony Abbott , leader of the official opposition Liberal Party of Australia , accused the ALP of focusing on politics over good government . In a news conference , he said the people of Australia "  deserve better than this , " and appealed for voters to back his party if they want a strong , stable and unified government . "  Just a couple of simple facts , " Abbott said . "  In 2007 , you voted for Kevin and got Julia . In 2010 , you voted for Julia and got Kevin . If you vote for the Labor Party in 2013 , who knows who you will end up with ? " Referring to the upcoming election battle , Rudd said he had finally decided to contest his party 's leadership because "  it 's simply not in my nature to stand idly by and to allow an Abbott government to come to power in this country by default . " Reluctant Rudd The internal leadership vote followed months of rivalry and division within the ALP . Rudd 's supporters within the ALP circulated a petition calling for him to challenger Gillard 's leadership , but he initially refrained . In the meantime , at least eight of the ministers in Gillard 's Cabinet resigned , purging decades of experience from her government . This week , the prime minister had had enough . Despite no official challenge from any rival , she put her power on the chopping block and handed her party the ax . "  I do think it 's in the best interests of the nation -- and in the best interests of the Labor Party -- for this matter to be resolved , " she said as she called the vote . In a jab at her rival , Gillard complained in an interview with CNN affiliate Sky News Australia this week that no one had approached her to mount a leadership ballot in a traditional manner . "  Call me old-fashioned , but the way in which these things are normally done is a challenger approaches the leader of the Labor Party and asks them to call a ballot for the leadership , you shake hands and then a ballot is held , " she said . Gillard called for any challengers to put their names on the ballot , which would be the last one she would call to challenge her position . Three hours before the vote , Rudd picked up the gauntlet . "  Various ministers have been free and frank in their public advice to me as to the desirability to contest the leadership in recent days . For the nation 's sake , I believe it 's time for this matter to be resolved , " he said in a statement sent to journalists . Rudd said he would not use his win against party rivals but would focus on uniting the party . Loser leaves In March , Gillard threw down a similar challenge to her power as the rivalry sapped strength from her government . Rudd refused back then to challenge her , and she won the vote of confidence from her party and kept her job . March : Embattled Australian PM losing allies despite vote win But she continued to lose support within her party . In her interview with Sky News , Gillard said the loser of Wednesday 's vote should get out of the way for the sake of a functioning government . "  If you win , you 're Labor leader , " she said . "  If you lose , you retire from politics . " In her post-vote news conference , Gillard confirmed she will not seek to retain her constituency seat in the general election . CNN 's Brian Walker , Phil Gast and Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report	Kevin Rudd is sworn in as prime minister Julia Gillard resigns as prime minister , says the privilege of serving was "  truly humbling " Opposition leader Tony Abbott calls for voters to back his party in upcoming elections Labor Party was not confident it could win a September general election led by Gillard
New York  CNN  -- Two people arrested in connection with the drugs found in actor Philip Seymour Hoffman 's apartment were released Thursday until their next court dates . Juliana Luchkiw and Max Rosenblum , both 22 , were among four people arrested in a raid Tuesday night in which police recovered 350 small plastic bags of what is believed to be heroin , law enforcement officials told CNN . The bags of alleged heroin were branded "  black list " and "  red bull " -- not the same brands found in Hoffman 's apartment , the officials said . A police source said the Manhattan apartments where the four were picked up are part of the investigation into Hoffman 's death . The four under investigation in connection with drugs sold to Academy Award-winning actor were identified as Luchkiw ; Rosenblum ; Robert Vineberg , 57 ; and Thomas Cushman , 48 . The Manhattan district attorney 's office Wednesday declined to prosecute Cushman because there was no evidence he had any control over the drugs . Luchkiw , who pleaded not guilty to a misdemeanor charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance , appeared Thursday before Manhattan Supreme Court Judge Edward McLaughlin . Luchkiw 's attorney , Stephen Turano , told the court his client has no criminal record . He said her father , who was present in court , is a lawyer and her mother a doctor . The prosecution asked for Luchkiw 's bail to be set at $ 1,500 , but McLaughlin ordered her released on her own recognizance , saying it was a misdemeanor case and it was "  illogical " to assume she would fail show for her February 14 court date . "  My client absolutely did not , is not involved in selling any drugs , certainly not heroin , but any drugs and certainly not involved in selling drugs to Mr. Hoffman , " Turano said outside court . Turano said a search of her apartment turned up cocaine , though prosecutors told the court traces of what was believed to be heroin also were present . "  She 's tied to this case because there was a confidential informant who placed sales of narcotics  $ " heroin  $ " from , I guess , an adjacent apartment , " he said . "  How that ties into my client 's apartment , I 'm not sure . But I can be very adamant that my client had nothing to do with the sales . And again , I think I said it before , really , wrong place , wrong time . " Luchkiw walked out of court with her father . Rosenblum appeared before McLaughlin later Thursday . The judge said Rosenblum , who had previously failed to show up in court in connection with a 2010 drug possession case , "  did flip his nose at the court for three years . " His lawyer David Hochheiser said Rosenblum would live with his parents until his court date on Tuesday . Hochheiser said his client will plead not guilty . McLaughlin set bond at $ 35,000 , or $ 8,500 cash , which his family posted . "  He 's never met , spoken to , seen , had anything to do with Philip Seymour Hoffman , " Hochheiser , speaking outside court , said of his client . "  My client is in no way connected to Mr. Hoffman 's overdose and there has been no evidence presented that I know of that connects my client to Mr. Hoffman in any way , except that he lived in a building which apparently Mr. Hoffman frequented a different apartment to do whatever he did . " He added , "  Max is looking forward to turning his life around and resolving this matter . His parents are relieved that he 's been released on these misdemeanor charges , which I think will be resolved favorably for my client . " Vineberg , who faces a felony charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance and has pleaded not guilty , is set to appear in court February 14 . Vineberg was found to have the actor 's phone number stored in his cell phone , a law enforcement official told CNN . Police discovered the largest amount of what is believed to be heroin in his apartment , the source said . A former neighbor described Vineberg as a talented musician who used the stage name Robert Aaron and once toured with Wyclef Jean . Vineberg had a wife and daughter , said the neighbor , who lived in the building years ago . "  He used to practice at night , " said the ex-neighbor , recalling that Vineberg played keyboards . "  Honestly , he seemed like a nice guy , always playing music . Nothing sinister . " Vineberg 's attorney , Edward Kratt , said he hopes prosecutors will not use his client as a scapegoat . "  These charges have absolutely nothing to do with Philip Seymour Hoffman 's unfortunate death , " Kratt said . A spokeswoman for the New York medical examiner 's office said Wednesday a determination of the cause and manner of Hoffman 's death is pending further study , including toxicology reports . When police were called to Hoffman 's fourth-floor Manhattan apartment Sunday , they found the actor , 46 , lying on the bathroom floor with a syringe in his left arm . He was wearing shorts and a T-shirt , his eyeglasses still resting on his head , according to law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry . Investigators discovered close to 50 envelopes of what they believed was heroin in the apartment , the law enforcement sources said . They also found used syringes , prescription drugs and empty plastic bags of a type commonly used to hold drugs , the sources said . Also found in Hoffman 's apartment was his personal journal , resting on a living room TV stand , two law enforcement sources said . Hoffman 's final hours Final hours Police are trying to piece together the actor 's movements last weekend . A law enforcement source told CNN that the night before Hoffman died , he withdrew $ 1,200 from a grocery store ATM near his apartment . Hoffman got the money in six transactions Saturday night , according to the source . A witness told investigators he saw the actor talking to two men wearing messenger bags about 8 p.m. Police are also reviewing surveillance video , including that of a restaurant where Hoffman had brunch Saturday morning with two people . How heroin kills you A family friend of Hoffman 's said a small , private wake will be held Thursday evening at Manhattan 's Frank E. Campbell funeral home . Hoffman 's funeral will be held Friday afternoon at St. Ignatius of Loyola Catholic Church in Manhattan . CNN 's Jason Carroll , Brian Vitagliano , Adam Reiss , Faith Karimi , Morgan Winsor and Nischelle Turner contributed to this report .	Student Juliana Luchkiw , 22 , pleads not guilty to misdemeanor charge Max Rosenblum , 22 , is released on bond Determination of cause and manner of actor 's death is pending further study Police source : Apartments where four arrests made are part of probe into death
ALSIP , Illinois  CNN  -- A Cook County cemetery where hundreds of graves were dug up and allegedly resold has been declared a crime scene , meaning that relatives of people believed buried there will not be allowed to visit for several days , an official said Friday . Family members and police gather outside the Burr Oak Cemetery office in Alsip , Illinois , on Wednesday . "  It would be the height of irresponsibility for me to invite people in , to raise expectations and then crash them , " Cook County Sheriff Thomas J. Dart told reporters in a news conference held at Burr Oak Cemetery in Alsip , Illinois . He pleaded for patience , saying he hoped to reopen the 150-acre cemetery to the public in five to seven days . Dart said the scope of the investigation has broadened to include "  Babyland , " a section of the cemetery intended for children . "  A lot of women came up to me and asked for help with Babyland , " he said . "  To a person , every one I talked to could not find any of their children in Babyland . " Watch sheriff discuss gruesome revelation " A large number of grave sites "  are completely missing , " he said , adding that he had received more than 5,000 telephone inquiries and 1,700 e-mails about the matter since the investigation began . As many as half of the complaints were about missing headstones , 25 to 30 percent were about loved ones who had been relocated , he said . He cited the experience of one family looking for 10 relatives buried there . "  They could n't find anybody , " he said . In addition , in some cases there are no records of burials having taken place , despite relatives ' insistence that they did , he said . In other cases , records have been altered , destroyed or found in people 's houses , he said . "  Our office has to investigate over 5,000 grave sites due to the vast amounts of inquiries from grieving family members , " he said . Dart said he himself walked through the cemetery on Friday and what he saw was disturbing . "  I found bones out there , " he said . "  I found individuals wandering aimlessly looking for their loved ones who ca n't find them . " Some people told him that an entire area that used to have gravestones facing in one direction now has them facing in another direction , he said . "  This is getting bigger , " he said . "  We do n't have an end in sight ... more people have not found relatives than have found them . " More than 2,000 families have descended on the cemetery since authorities uncovered what they say was a scheme to resell the plots , excavate the graves , dump the remains and pocket the cash . Four people face felony charges for their alleged involvement . He had said earlier this week that the number of disturbed graves was around 300 , but said Friday that number was sure to rise . One family arrived on Thursday to bury a woman in a plot they had purchased and found the plot was already occupied , he said . Authorities also discovered Emmett Till 's original casket in a dilapidated garage on the cemetery grounds . The casket had been replaced by a new one after Till 's body was exhumed in 2005 . "  There was wildlife living inside of it , " Dart said of the old casket , found in the corner of a garage filled with lawn care equipment and other "  piles of things . " Till was killed in August 1955 in Mississippi after the 14-year-old reportedly whistled at a white woman . His body was exhumed 50 years later as part of a renewed investigation into his death . The Chicago Tribune reported that he was reburied in a different casket . Thousands of people had viewed Till 's body in the original casket in Chicago shortly after he was killed , the Rev. Jesse Jackson said at the news conference . "  His mother had the gut and grit to say that ' I want America to see what they did to my baby 's body , ' " Jackson said about Till , whose body was mutilated . "  More than 100,000 saw his body lying at the church . It is said that those who saw his body were never the same again , " he said . "  Emmett Till 's lynching redefined emotions in our culture in very fundamental ways . So to see his casket in this state of desecration and neglect is very painful . " Cemetery groundskeepers told investigators that Till 's grave was not among those disturbed in the alleged resale scheme , Dart said earlier this week . Carolyn Towns , an office manager for the cemetery ; and Keith Nicks , Terrance Nicks and Maurice Daley , all gravediggers , have each been charged with dismembering a human body , a felony charge for which sentences range from six to 30 years , authorities said . Steven Watkins , an attorney for Towns , said his client is innocent . The public defender 's office in Cook County said it had represented the three others at the bond hearing but could not provide a statement for them . Authorities began investigating the cemetery -- where , along with Till , blues legend Dinah Washington and some Negro League baseball players are buried -- about six weeks ago after receiving a call from its owners , who said they suspected "  financial irregularities " regarding the business , Dart said earlier this week . He said the owners are not believed to be involved in the alleged scam .	Officials say there was scheme to resell plots , excavate the graves , dump remains Four people face felony charges for their alleged involvement Emmett Till 's original casket found in dilapidated garage on cemetery grounds Cemetery closed temporarily so officials can investigate
The art of preparing , stuffing , and mounting animal skins is called taxidermy , and it can range from classy to creepy depending on whether your subject is a moose , or , say , a homeless drifter . Of course , proper taxidermy is primarily reserved for hunting and fishing trophies , and it sort of works like this : Dave drinks two dozen Coors in the woods with friends . Dave shoots bear . Dave pays taxidermist to turn bear into furniture . Dave puts bear in living room . Dave 's kids wet bed until they 're 33 . And that 's if the mounting is done well . Because quality taxidermy really depends on the skill of the taxidermist , and a simple hunting mount can turn exponentially more creepy if it is n't done with precision or mild sobriety . "  Hey ! Hey ! Look what I made ! " "  Is that ... Danny DeVito looking for a contact lens ? " "  It 's a deer . " But even for those of us who do n't necessarily enjoy the idea of killing animals for the sake of impressing dinner guests , somehow it 's not all that difficult to be amused by terrible craftsmanship So , although I 'm sort of weirded out by this practice  and , hey , to each their own  I can absolutely appreciate bad taxidermy . And , now , there 's a new , popular Twitter feed about just that . It 's called @CrapTaxidermy , and it 's completely dedicated to images of the very worst animal mountings . Not to be confused with @MileyCyrus . The Twitter account was started by a guy in the UK named Nish , who requested to only be identified by a one-word name . Like Cher . Or Madonna . Or Steve from accounting . He loves taxidermy and Sheffield Wednesday Football Club . Beyond that , we know very little about the man behind the account . But we do understand that Nish started the Twitter account only about a month ago , and was inspired by something that , really , all of us should get to see at some point in our lives . He explains : "  I started the page after I saw the pole dancing polar bear in a museum and thought poorly executed taxidermy might interest others . " And it does . Soon , people started catching on to his feed , especially in the last week . Which should help him keep it updated with new images going forward . Nish says , "  People send me pictures of creatures they have seen and all I do is post them on my Twitter with a hilarious caption . " Good effort ! That said , Nish made it very clear to me that he is , in fact , an animal lover and does not condone hunting for sport or animal cruelty . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Bad taxidermy on the Web is actually nothing new . For example , about five years ago a woman in New York name Kat Su started a Tumblr blog called Crappy Taxidermy . It 's all the same fun , but with an extra "  p " and a "  y. " For those of you keeping score -- and God knows I am -- Crappy Taxidermy boasts itself as "  the Internet 's oldest and largest image gallery of crappy and awesome taxidermy since 2009 . " But Su has a wonderfully positive attitude about the new kid in town . "  We 're completely unaffiliated , " she says , adding "  I love what they 're doing , though ! " Su explained that "  blogging is n't a zero sum game , and everyone wins when you spread the love for this particular type of taxidermy . I just like making people laugh . " And besides , things are going fairly well for Su . She even has a book coming out this fall . However , to confuse matters , the book is actually being titled "  Crap Taxidermy . " Just like Nish 's twitter feed . The plot thickens . The reason for the name change , Su explained , is that her book is actually being published by a British publishing house , and that British people do n't use the word "  crappy . " Which explains Nish 's use of the word "  crap . " Of course , despite Su 's carefree attitude toward Nish 's Twitter feed , it might ultimately come to blows when the publishers get involved with marketing the book . In the meantime , Su maintains her day job as an active-wear designer , but says she 's actually going to have to try her hand at taxidermy . For real . And there 's no way out . For the book , she is going to write a tutorial on how to stuff a mouse . And her good friend , Daisy Tainton , happens to be an insect preparatory for the Museum of Natural History , and also a hobbyist taxidermist . Are n't we all ? Tainton will be giving Su a private lesson at her apartment , and Su 's only real concern is that she 'll barf . Which would be bad . But , you know , if you 're gon na do it anyway ... how ` bout a photo ? Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	A UK man named Nish started his @CrapTaxidermy Twitter feed about a month ago Since 2009 , a popular blog about the same thing has existed under the name Crappy Taxidermy Kat Su runs Crappy Taxidermy and is working on a new book about the subject
CNN  -- There was a time when Tel Aviv 's beachfront was just another neighborhood sandwiched between the city 's bustling Namal port district and historic old town . Not anymore . Today the area is home to some of Israel 's most sought-after luxury real estate and has been dubbed the "  Golden Kilometer " thanks to the rocketing cost of living space . A seventeenth floor apartment of 600 square meters  6,420 square feet  here sold for $ 23 million recently , a record for Tel Aviv . In the same area , a rented unit of 300 square meters  3,228 square feet  is on the market for $ 10 million . These premium prices represent a big change for a city that was brought to its knees due by large debts at the end of the 1990s . In the last four years alone , however , the waterfront property market has generated nearly half a billion dollars of investment . See also : Where are the world 's most expensive luxury properties ? The turning point can be traced back to the development of the city 's Namal Port area . It was here that architects Ganit and Udi Kassif won the contract to renovate a huge space that had sat idle for 50 years . The pair quickly set about creating quirky living and work space for the city 's hip up-and-comers . "  This project started a real revolution , " said Ganit Kassif . "  After this many mayors said to us , make it like the Tel Aviv port . " Old empty warehouses in Namal are now filled with creative types and cutting edge retailers . One of these young merchants is Shir Halpern , owner of the city 's first organic market . Although initially skeptical about setting up shop in an old industrial space , he now sees the virtue of the location . "  At the beginning the port felt to me like too isolated ... too far from the vibrance  sic  and power of the city , " Halpern said . "  But looking back it was really a perfect choice . " See also : Could micro-homes offer big solution ? The lively , can do vibe of Namal has since spread to other areas of the city , including the beachfront . But while the most lucrative properties may reside by the sea , the high end market can be found spreading to other districts as well . Jaffa , an old fishing neighborhood to the city 's south now hosts properties valued as high as $ 5 million apiece . According to the city 's mayor , Ron Huldai , however , Tel Aviv 's fundamental landscape and attractions are what continue make it such an appealing place to live whether that be in a luxury abode or not . "  We have an excellent beach , excellent weather excellent food , restaurants , " Huldai said . "  Why not  have  people coming here to enjoy themselves ? "	Tel Aviv 's beachfront is home to some of Israel 's most expensive luxury real estate The waterfront district has generated more than half a billion dollars worth of investment in the last four years Multi-million dollar property prices represent a big change for a city that was on its knees at the end of the 1990s
CNN  -- How does the wealthy boating enthusiast reconcile a passion for gas-guzzling superyachts with concern for the natural ocean environment ? Sure , powerful engines and deluxe on-board facilities ensure the lap of high seas luxury , but these extravagant features are usually powered by high fuel emissions and energy consumption . But for the millionaire mariner with the planet 's best interest at heart , help will soon be at hand in the shape of the Columbus Sport 130 ' Hybrid -- a new 40 meter ship that aims to fuse superyacht chic with an eco-friendly design concept . See also : The limousine-shaped superyacht Currently on the production line of Italian ship builder , Palumbo Shipyards , the lavish vessel is due for completion in August 2013 and will cost a cool $ 30 million upon delivery . "  The boat is really an innovative concept because  it  melds together very modern lines and high technology with environmentally friendly features , " says Giuseppe Palumbo , general manager of Palumbo Shipyards in Naples . Palumbo explains that the vessel 's efficiencies are driven by twin electrical and diesel engines that combine performance to reduce emissions whilst simultaneously generating electricity for the ships myriad on board amenities . See also : Charter a superyacht like a billionaire It also includes extra eco features such as a bilge water separator -- a device that extracts oil from sea water entering the vessel 's engines before it is disposed back into the ocean . An all aluminum exterior and lightweight skeletal structure meanwhile ensure the ship is as slight and sleek as possible , therefore taking less energy to power , he adds . Although there may be other yachts that offer greater speeds or performance levels , the Sport 130 ' Hybrid "  enable  s  greater maneuverability , " cuts noise pollution and reduces overall "  maintenance costs " -- on top of the obvious environmental benefits , adds Palumbo . But while the vessel may stand out because of its high-tech eco friendly features , Palumbo is quick to ensure that it does n't skimp on the traditionally ostentatious superyacht features as well . See also : The rise of the gigayacht Four large cabins provide luxury accommodation for as many as eight guests at a time  served by seven crew members  while a spacious deck area ensures there is plenty of room for sunbathing , dining and partying come nightfall . A custom made lounge area crafted by Italian interior design specialists , Hot Lab Studio , meanwhile includes a number of prominent glass windows that provide spectacular vistas of the surrounding seas . Not only will this ensure that guests can enjoy panoramic ocean views , says Palumbo , but they will be able to do so safe in the knowledge that the environmental impact of their yachting extravagance is vastly reduced .	The Columbus Sport 130 ' Hybrid is the latest vessel from Palumbo Shipyards Dual electrical and diesel engines reduce the ship 's emissions and fuel usage The vessel 's designers aim to fuse superyacht chic with an eco-friendly design concept
The nominations for the 71st Annual Golden Globes were announced Thursday morning , with "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle " dominating the proceedings . "  Slave , " the story of a free black man taken into slavery in 19th-century America , was nominated for best drama , best director  Steve McQueen  , best actor in a drama  Chiwetel Ejiofor  , best supporting actor  Michael Fassbender  , best supporting actress  Lupita Nyong ` o  and best screenplay . "  Hustle , " based on the ABSCAM scandal of the late '70s , matched "  Slave " on the comedy/musical side , with nominations for best comedy or musical , director  David O. Russell  , actor in a comedy/musical  Christian Bale  , actress in a comedy/musical  Amy Adams  , supporting actor  Bradley Cooper  , supporting actress  Jennifer Lawrence  and screenplay . 5 things we learned from the 2014 Golden Globe nominations The list of major nominations : Best film drama : "  12 Years a Slave , " "  Captain Phillips , " "  Gravity , " "  Philomena " and "  Rush . " Best film comedy or musical : "  American Hustle , " "  Her , " "  Inside Llewyn Davis , " "  Nebraska " and "  The Wolf of Wall Street . " Best actor in a drama : Ejiofor , Idris Elba  "  Mandela : Long Walk to Freedom "  , Tom Hanks  "  Captain Phillips "  , Matthew McConaughey  "  Dallas Buyers Club "  and Robert Redford  "  All Is Lost "  . Best actress in a drama : Cate Blanchett  "  Blue Jasmine "  , Sandra Bullock  "  Gravity "  , Judi Dench  "  Philomena "  , Emma Thompson  "  Saving Mr. Banks "  and Kate Winslet  "  Labor Day "  . Special coverage of the 2014 Awards Season Best actor in a comedy or musical : Bale , Bruce Dern  "  Nebraska "  , Leonardo DiCaprio  "  The Wolf of Wall Street "  , Oscar Isaac  "  Inside Llewyn Davis "  and Joaquin Phoenix  "  Her "  . Best actress in a comedy or musical : Adams , Julie Delpy  "  Before Midnight "  , Greta Gerwig  "  Frances Ha "  , Julia Louis-Dreyfus  "  Enough Said "  and Meryl Streep  "  August : Osage County "  . Best supporting actor : Barkhad Abdi  "  Captain Phillips "  , Daniel Bruhl  "  Rush "  , Cooper , Fassbender , Jared Leto  "  Dallas Buyers Club "  . Best supporting actress : Sally Hawkins  "  Blue Jasmine "  , Lawrence , Nyong ` o , Julia Roberts  "  August : Osage County "  and June Squibb  "  Nebraska "  . Best director : McQueen , Russell , Alfonso Cuaron  "  Gravity "  , Paul Greengrass  "  Captain Phillips "  and Alexander Payne  "  Nebraska "  . The screenplay nominations went to "  Her , " "  Nebraska , " "  Philomena , " "  12 Years a Slave " and "  American Hustle . " The Golden Globes will be broadcast on Sunday , January 12 . Amy Poehler and Tina Fey are scheduled to host . The program will air on NBC . Keep up to the minute with the Awards Tracker	Golden Globe nominations announced "  12 Years a Slave , " "  American Hustle " dominate Golden Globes will be broadcast on Sunday , January 12
Washington  CNN  -- The nation 's powerful gun lobby has faced headwinds from vocal lawmakers , a galvanized presidential administration and an American electorate that polls show favors tougher gun laws following December 's school massacre in Connecticut . Yet , when the hundreds of hours of legislative debate , on camera pleas , backroom negotiations and intense lobbying have ended , groups like the National Rifle Association may find that they have narrowed the scope of gun control legislation . "  If you have 100 missiles coming at you and you knock out 99 , I would say you were successful , " Richard Feldman , president of the gun rights group , the Independent Firearm Owners Association , said of efforts by gun rights groups . "  After the Sandy Hook massacre , I was very worried , " said Feldman , who served as regional political director for the NRA during its rise to power in the 1980s . "  The talk was about an assault weapons ban , a gun registry , background checks . Everything was on the table . But the only thing legislatively coming down the pike , the only thing we 're talking about is background checks . I would count that as a success for the NRA , " he added . Senate gun law proposal lacks enough support now The Senate has taken up legislation backed by President Barack Obama and many Democrats that would toughen laws against gun trafficking and straw purchases , and devise ways to improve school safety . A bipartisan compromise by Sens. Joe Manchin , D-West Virginia , and Pat Toomey , R-Pennsylvania , to expand background checks is the first item up for debate . But Manchin said on Monday that it did n't have enough support yet . A minimum of 60 votes are needed to clear procedural hurdles . As things stand now , supporters need at least seven votes from Republicans , the party most closely aligned with NRA views on gun rights . Though smaller gun rights groups , such as the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms , support the measure , the NRA reiterated its threat to hold those who back the compromise politically accountable . The NRA exerts political clout through a rating system that identifies friends and foes of its positions in Congress . It directs substantial contributions to political campaigns it favors or opponents of candidates it dislikes . The NRA was also able to marshal its large and active membership base to press lawmakers on the upcoming gun vote . "  NRA is opposed to Manchin-Toomey , and it will be a scored vote , " NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam said , meaning lawmaker ratings with the organization will be affected by how they vote . A high rating is a political plus for congressional lawmakers from conservative states or districts , especially those up for re-election in 2014 . "  There is a lot of member contact going on right now that is n't so obvious , " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . "  This is n't one of those debates where we 're seeing a lot of ads . But this is where groups like the NRA are strong at using members in states to reach out to lawmakers , " he said . Gun rights group endorses background check deal The NRA 's message both in public and private conversations with lawmakers is clear . "  The NRA is forever . Your vote on that issue is forever . And when the next election comes along we 're going to talk about that , " Lizotte said of the NRA 's message to lawmakers . The Manchin-Toomey amendment will be one of perhaps dozens to be debated on the broader package of gun laws pushed by President Barack Obama following the shooting deaths of 20 first-graders and six educators at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut . In debate expected to last two weeks , senators will consider efforts by both sides to either expand or weaken the gun package . Key issues that had some momentum coming out of Newtown but are fiercely opposed by the NRA appear to have a slim chance of passage . These include a Democrat-driven push for banning semiautomatic firearms modeled after military assault weapons and limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds . Republicans will push an NRA proposal to make state concealed weapons permits acceptable throughout the country , a concept opposed by many Democrats . The assault weapons proposal by Sen. Dianne Feinstein , the Manchin-Toomey compromise and the plan around concealed weapons will all be up for votes beginning on Wednesday as amendments , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said . The powerful gun lobby and its allies in Congress have been able to use a sophisticated campaign . They have consistently shifted the focus among various provisions , raised new arguments to old issues , and proposed solutions that would expand weapons use and training instead of increasing regulation . The gun lobby has had a hand in helping to shape or steer the direction of many amendments to the overall bill , gun policy experts say . Take , for example , the ban on semi-automatic firearms modeled after military assault weapons proposed by Feinstein , a California Democrat , and backed by Obama . Fiercely opposed by the National Rifle Association , Republicans and some Democrats , Reid calculated that it would be best not to include it in the main bill because it would invite a filibuster . In the House , Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , has said the chamber would look at anything the Senate approved . But he 's not promising a vote . "  What the NRA does as well if not better than any organization in this country I do what you do in the old civics courses . You educate your supporters , " Feldman said . "  You get them to communicate their views with elected officials in a targeted manner . " Why is this so hard ? The disconnect on background checks and guns CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	The gun lobby has beat back challenges from lawmakers , public opinion Background check legislation once deemed a sure thing struggles to gain support Gun lobby 's efforts include "  activating " membership , pressuring lawmakers NEW : Senate plans to begin voting on gun amendments on Wednesday
LONDON  CNN  -- Did President Obama land a Nobel peace prize at such an early stage of his presidency simply because he 's not George W. Bush ? A "  surprised and humbled " Obama said he would accept the Nobel peace prize as a "  call to action . " Diplomatic circles are certainly not dismissing such a notion and a "  surprised and humbled " Obama has himself agreed that the award  for which nominations had to be submitted only two weeks after his inauguration  can hardly have been a recognition of anything he has yet accomplished . It is a prize for aspiration rather than achievement . One of the best deliberate laughs Bush obtained in his last days in office came when he expressed himself pleased at the street reception during his attendance at a NATO summit in Romania . "  A lot of the crowd were waving ... some of them with all five fingers , " he said . Bush was acknowledging that many in Old Europe at least could not wait to say goodbye to a man whom they saw as a Cold Warrior at heart , the president who had led the world into a disastrous intervention in Iraq and a man heading a gas-guzzling nation who was not prepared to help the world cope with climate change . For many Europeans , the chief concern through the long , drawn-out race for the Democratic nomination and through the presidential election was that the result should give them anybody but Bush . Watch reaction in Europe to Obama 's award They were uneasy about his missile defense shield plans to base U.S. military installations in Poland and the Czech Republic . They felt he had never lived up to his pledge to work as hard on the Middle East peace process as Tony Blair had done on bringing peace to Northern Ireland . Especially they felt that the internment camp at Guantanamo Bay and the "  extraordinary rendition " to countries where terror suspects might have been tortured was an affront to democracy which besmirched the reputation not only of the U.S. but of its allies , too . Europeans were alarmed that Bush seemed to be encouraging the climate change deniers . And although he became readier to listen to his European allies during his second term , they never really took to the man whose instinctive response was to use America 's military might in the world 's trouble spots rather than to stay at the negotiating table and who had little time for the United Nations . Couple that with the words in the Norwegian Nobel Committee 's citation that the peace prize is being awarded to Obama "  for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and co-operation between peoples " and that they have "  attached special importance to Obama 's vision of and work for a world without nuclear weapons , " and the message is clear . Unusually , this is a world statesman being rewarded not for what he has done but for representing a new beginning . As Mikhail Gorbachev was quick to point out , the Obama presidency is a big signal -- "  He has given hope . " By commenting approvingly that Obama has created a new climate in international politics , with emphasis on the role of diplomacy and of the United Nations , the Nobel Committee is clearly encouraging the new president , after just eight months in office , to continue with a style that Europeans find much more comfortable than that of Bush and the neo-conservatives . Those who worked with Bush are likely to feel aggrieved and to maintain that they , too , were working for the extension of democracy for which Obama is now being commended . As Europe digested the news of the prize , nobody wanted to go public with critical comment on a man who is still seen across Europe as a beacon of hope . But there were off-the-record mutters that this was all somewhat premature . Cool heads were noting that while intentions have been expressed , there has been no significant progress yet on the Middle East peace process . The proposed closedown of Guantanamo Bay has been announced but it has not happened . There are still large numbers of American troops in Iraq and the numbers in Afghanistan are likely to be increased . While Obama has spoken of his hope of agreeing with Russia on a reduction in the number of nuclear warheads , we are nowhere near to seeing an end to nuclear weapons , which are currently in the possession of the U.S. , Russia , China , India , the United Kingdom , France , Pakistan and Israel . Obama may want the Senate to ratify the test-ban treaty but that has not happened yet and his moves on climate change , too , will require congressional compliance . The truth , say many continental commentators , is that Obama deserves a badge for effort -- an effort begun by scrapping the missile shield development in Poland and the Czech Republic -- but a peace prize is a step too far at such an early stage . He is being rewarded not for solid achievement but for creating new hope -- in effect , for not being Bush . It may well be , as President Sarkozy of France has declared , that the award "  confirms finally America 's return to the hearts of the people of the world . " But some fear that America 's conservatives will take it as a sign of weakness and become more obstructive to Obama 's aims . Meanwhile , others are wondering : "  What on earth will they give him when he does have a real achievement to point to ? "	Oakley : Obama 's Nobel an award for aspiration rather than achievement Europeans had hopes that Bush 's successor would be different Nobel committee said Obama had created favorable international political climate Some commentators say Obama should be saluted for effort but not yet a Nobel
CNN  -- When artist William Wegman shows up for events , fans do n't only bring books or pictures for him to sign . They also bring their dogs -- mostly Weimaraners -- to meet him . After all , Wegman is the patron saint of those sleek , regal canines -- a man who has made a career around Weimaraner imagery . Now 70 , Wegman has dabbled in various mediums and themes since introducing the world to Man Ray , his first pet Weimaraner , in the 1970s . But his choice of muse has remained fairly constant throughout his art , and even in the dog bed he helped design . "  He 's the reason so many people know about these dogs , " said Betsy Bottomley , who brought her 7-year-old rescue Weimaraner , Chance , to see Wegman at a recent author talk at the Decatur Book Festival in Georgia . "  Weimaraners are very people-oriented , " she said . "  They love days like this when they can be outside with their families . " Wegman was at the festival to promote "  Flo & Wendell Explore , " his newest children 's book inspired by his blue-eyed pet Weimeraners , Flo and Topper . They 're the latest in a long line of Wegman 's canine muses that have inspired a robust collection of paintings , photographs , films , books and worldwide exhibits . Wegman has had 3-year-old Flo and 2-year-old Topper since both were 8 weeks old . They share the Wegman home with 13-year-old Candy and 15-year-old Bobbin , a descendant of Fay Wray , one of his most famous subjects . "  Topper did n't seem like a little boy 's name . Wendell seemed to suit the look , " Wegman said in a post-panel interview in a nearby hotel lobby , pulling out his iPhone to show off pictures like a proud parent . "  How could you not do a book about her ? " he said , pausing on a closeup of of Flo . "  She 's so captivating . " The follow-up to "  Flo & Wendell " features a combination of paintings and photographs , a departure from the images of dogs in costumes and roller skates for which Wegman is perhaps best known . It 's a format that suits his current lifestyle and artistic sensibilities , he said . It allows him to ditch the studio and production crews needed to stage shoots of dogs dressed as Little Red Riding Hood or the Hardly Boys . Instead , he can paint the backdrop to Flo and Wendell 's adventures beneath the skylight in his lakeside home in Maine . "  It was great , because I could be by myself in my room , like I was when I was a little boy , drawing pictures , " he said , referring to his childhood in western Massachusetts . Wegman shared the book festival stage with author-illustrator Chris Gall for a discussion about why animals make such great subjects for books . Every dog has its own personality , which guides how Wegman portrays them , he said . He told the festival audience -- a mix of adults and children -- that he approaches children 's picture books the same way as everything else he does . He just makes art , using dogs . "  I love the idea that Wegman is n't thinking about picture books any differently from his adult work , that he 's approaching his books for kids with the same kinds of ideas and aesthetic concerns , " said author and panel moderator Laurel Snyder . "  He seems to be an artist by nature and an author by default , and it shows . " Wegman knows it , too . At best , he 's a "  part-time " children 's book author , a fact that became apparent to him in the company of established children 's authors at the book festival . "  I do n't have a TV show . You 're not going to have a huge following unless you have a franchise or a creature -- something that gets in your imagination , whereas I just kind of dabble in children 's books , " he said . "  Everything that I do is sort of that way , " he said . "  I think it 's a product of being an artist in the '60s , where switching mediums was not alien . " Do n't get Wegman wrong -- he loves children . He has two children of his own that he also likes to show off in pictures on his iPhone doing winter sports like ice skating and playing hockey . He also likes creating art with children , which he occasionally does in schools . They do n't care about impressing William Wegman the artist -- even his appearances on "  Sesame Street " with Fay Wray are too far in the past to register with them . "  They do n't care about doing a William Wegman piece . They just want to do a Darth Vader piece , or disco dog , " he said . "  Their language is mesmerizing . " If he could be anywhere , unsurprisingly , he 'd be spending time with his dogs in the country , or taking photos of them in New York , where he spends about half the year . Dogs ' personalities shine through in front of the camera , he said . It was true for Man Ray , who became "  very calm and interested " when Wegman would point a camera at him . Same goes for Flo and Topper , who "  loves to be on top of things . " "  You really fall in love with them taking their pictures , " he said . "  You learn so much about them . "	William Wegman 's latest picture book "  Flo & Wendell Explore " features photos and paintings The book was inspired by Wegman 's Weimaraner puppies , Flo and Topper "  You really fall in love with them taking their pictures , " Wegman says Fans often bring their dogs to meet Wegman at speaking engagements
There is never a day where at least one person is n't outside the Ferguson , Missouri , Police Department sitting or standing near an anemic tree , the only place for a bit of shade . At night , the crowd tends to swell , and the protest grows more intense . There are almost always two or three people streaming events live . You can hear them loudly sharing thoughts or giving a play-by-play of what 's happening . While their cameras capture live images , they call out what they think are injustices surrounding the August shooting of Michael Brown and the subsequent police crackdown on protesters in the 10 weeks or so since Brown was killed by Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson . The police are geared up with cameras as well . They wear body cameras , and any time officers approach protesters there is usually at least one officer with a handheld camera , too . It 's a careful dance in which protesters and police are trying to make sure they have proof if a law is broken or someone 's civil rights are violated . Both outside the police department , and roughly 2 miles east -- along the main protest route , where most of the imagery of the sometimes-violent protests has originated -- tension can go from zero to 100 in seconds on any given night . Police can tally dozens of arrests a night since the city erupted . Among those placed in cuffs were journalists , clergy , a local rapper , a state senator , a St. Louis alderman and activist/intellectual Cornel West . It 's tough to predict the mood each night . On Tuesday , a small group of about 50 protesters caused no disturbances , and there were no arrests , police said . The next night , five police officers were assaulted with rocks , water bottles and a metal rod as demonstrators blocked traffic and knocked down barricades outside the police department . Protesters , many of them increasingly suspicious of a recent spate of leaks surrounding the Brown investigation , say there will be more nights like Wednesday than Tuesday should a grand jury not indict Wilson . Recovery in progress On West Florissant , where thousands of protesters have marched for months chanting things like "  Hands up , do n't shoot , " buildings still bear the scars of the community 's frustration . At businesses such as the Ferguson Market & Liquor and Red 's BBQ , plywood slats sit where windows once stood before violent elements among the protesters looted and vandalized businesses along the corridor . The QuikTrip that was one of the first businesses attacked still lies in shambles , a chain link fence protecting it from further damage . Osagyefo Uhuru Sekou , a Boston-based author and pastor who grew up in St. Louis , has been participating in the protests . He has been arrested twice . As he walks by the burnt-out convenience store just a few blocks from where Brown died , he says , "  Democracy is on fire , and we 're called to be firemen . " Asked to elaborate -- is he all right with the looting and burning ? -- he says he 'd prefer that the protests unfold without the violence and destruction . "  I mean , it is not my preference , no , " he said . "  I 'm more concerned about the conditions that produced this -- the simmering poverty , the simmering oppression , the simmering alienation , the existential crises that black youth feel in America . I am far more concerned about the condition that produced the burning of buildings . " "  Our children are in a tremendous amount of pain . " Tinderbox awaiting a match ? It appears Ferguson will not imminently simmer down , and a group called Ferguson October hoped to grow the demonstrations with a "  national day of action against police brutality " on Wednesday . Many protesters are preparing for the possibility that the grand jury may decline to indict Wilson . If that 's the case , one protester told CNN this week , "  Excuse my French , all hell is going to break loose . " That has been a pervasive sentiment since the protests began : Many in Ferguson do n't care about reports that a scuffle preceded the shooting and that Brown may have reached for Wilson 's gun . The only facts that matter , they say , is that Wilson shot perhaps as many as 11 times , hitting Brown six times above the waist . The fatal shots came as he stood roughly 30 feet away from Wilson 's police cruiser , and , according to some witnesses , with his hands up in surrender . It 's an unnecessary use of force , say many residents who feel Wilson aimed to kill , not arrest , Brown . Marquita Rogers , a 27-year-old mother of two who lives a few blocks from the Canfield Green subdivision where Brown died , said in August , when the protests were at their ugliest , that she did n't care what Brown did before encountering Wilson . "  Jaywalking ? Smarting off ? Stealing cigars ? Running ? You 're not supposed to die for that , " she said . Her neighbors , Arvid Wilkerson , 22 , and Patricia Pendelton , also predicted during August interviews -- days after a grand jury started hearing evidence in the case and the Justice Department announced an independent investigation -- that the turmoil in Ferguson would only worsen if Wilson was n't indicted . "  If this police officer do n't get no kind of charge , " said Pendelton , 41 , a nurse , shaking her head , "  they think it 's chaos now ? " Calculated leaks ? In recent days , The New York Times received information from a federal source and the St. Louis Post-Dispatch was given Brown 's autopsy report and spoke to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The Washington Post , meanwhile , reported that at least six black witnesses gave grand jury testimony that supported Wilson 's side of the story . The proceedings in a grand jury inquiry , by law , are not supposed to be made public , and U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has told his staff it 's "  inappropriate and troubling " that information is trickling out while the grand jury and federal investigations are ongoing . He further said that the "  selective flow of information coming out of Missouri " is diminishing his faith in local authorities , a Justice Department official said . Prosecutor Robert McCulloch and Wilson 's defense team released separate statements Thursday saying they were not the sources of any of the leaked information . Sources have confirmed to CNN the information provided to The Times and Post-Dispatch is part of the testimony being considered : that Brown 's blood was found on Wilson 's uniform and inside his police car and that one of the wounds Brown suffered was a close-range gunshot to his hand after attacking Wilson . "  We are not surprised by the information leaked last night by the St. Louis Medical Examiner 's office , " Brown family attorney Ben Crump said in a statement . "  Several independent witnesses indicated there was a brief altercation between Michael Brown and Officer Wilson at the patrol car . What we want to know is why Officer Wilson shot Michael Brown multiple times and killed him even though he was more than 20 feet away from his patrol car ; this is the crux of the matter ! " Peruse Twitter , and you 'll find that many believe the leaks -- along with Gov. Jay Nixon 's announcement this week of a Ferguson Commission to study social and economic conditions -- are harbingers of the grand jury declining to indict Wilson . "  Feeling in Ferguson among protest leaders is that leaks are coming from law enforcement in attempt to signal that no indictment coming , " tweeted Wesley Lowery , a Washington Post reporter who was detained in the early days of the protests . On Monday , St. Louis County 's former police chief , Tim Fitch , told local radio station KMOX that it is "  probably very unlikely " that the grand jury will indict Wilson and the leaks are a calculated effort "  to start getting some of the facts out there to kind of let people down slowly . " A former federal law enforcement official said something similar . "  It could be really for , in part , a beneficial purpose , to start leading those community leaders and those leading the protests to believe that there wo n't be an indictment , " said Ron Hosko , former assistant director of the FBI Criminal Division . Lack of faith in system Amy Hunter lives in St. Louis and is the director of racial justice at YWCA Metro St. Louis . She has been taking part in the protests and notes it 's a young people 's movement and that Brown was the unfortunate catalyst in a "  seminal moment for change . " She remains concerned , however , about what might happen in this St. Louis suburb of 21,000 if the grand jury decides not to indict Wilson . "  I think we are all worried , " she said . "  As a mother of three sons and a daughter , I also worry that if we do n't end this that I will be sharing a fate just like Michael Brown 's mom . " Asked during a news conference if he , too , was worried that Ferguson could erupt if the grand jury comes back with a no bill , Nixon said Tuesday , "  When you have this level of energy and when you have what has happened over 73 days , you can rest well-assured that we are focused and concerned about what could be the most problematic scenarios . " Despite the assurances from government officials , the statements ring hollow to protesters like Sekou . "  The only words that would have mattered , that could have possibly began the process of some symbol of justice , is the creation of a special prosecutor or the announcement of the indictment of Darren Wilson , " he said . He also has his doubts about assertions that the case is traversing the justice system and that citizens should have faith as it runs its course . "  This justice system ? " Sekou asked . "  Which has a wonderful set of facts to support the way it has engaged police who have taken black lives ? This justice system ? " Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests	Despite 10 weeks of unrest , Tuesday protests peaceful ; no arrests reported , police say Still , city remains tense as possibility looms of grand jury not indicting Darren Wilson Residents , ex-law enforcement : Leaks in case harbinger calculated effort to prepare city Residents : If there 's no indictment , protests thus far will pale compared to what 's coming
CNN  -- It was "  censorship day , " the 20th of the month , the day Nyein Nyein Naing , executive director of Myanmar 's Seven Days News Journal , takes her stories to a government office for pre-publication scrutiny . Normally , a report on refugees fleeing from the conflict-ravaged Kachin state would not be accepted . Its distribution would most likely result in jail time for the author and suspension of the journal . But August 20 was a new day for Myanmar , the day the government rescinded repressive media censorship laws that had hindered and intimidated the country 's journalists for decades . Still , Naing had her concerns . After nearly 50 years under the auspices of autocracy , Myanmar is shifting from the tough economic , social and political policies that have shrouded the sovereign state in global isolation . Is now a good time to visit Myanmar ? Since President Thein Sein 's inauguration as Myanmar 's first civilian leader in half a century , the light of significant freedoms has emerged from the fog of Myanmar 's military rule . Freedom of the press is stressed as "  one of the most important reforms in the long run " by Suzanne Dimaggio , vice president of global policy programs at Asia Society , a nonprofit organization that aims to strengthen ties between the United States and Asia . Yet , according to her , it 's "  not quite completely open , but it 's certainly moving in that direction . " U.S. President Barack Obama voiced similar views , as his historic trip to Myanmar , also known as Burma , brought not only praise for the recent reforms , but also encouragement for the "  greater progress that needs to be made in the future , " as he put it . The era of government-controlled media that banished daily newspapers , banned all forms of hard news and established pre-publication censorship is approaching the end of its long reign . But some journalists are still treading lightly . As a test of the new exemption from government review , Seven Days ran the Kachin refugee story as their front-page article . Nothing happened . Myanmar still lacks daily newspapers ; it has only weekly magazines . Until a few months ago , weeklies could cover only "  culture , arts , sports and things like that , but not hard news , " said David Hoffman , founder and CEO of Internews , an international media development nonprofit that has clandestinely trained more than 1,000 Burmese journalists to operate beneath the government 's radar for the past decade . "  One of the biggest reforms that people are waiting for is the move to daily newspapers , which will probably happen in a couple months , " Hoffman said . Who is Aung San Suu Kyi ? Among the hurdles facing journalists is the lack of technology . Myanmar has the fewest cell phones of any country in the world , even fewer than North Korea , according to CIA World Fact Book , and only 1 % of the country 's population has Internet access , according to Freedom House . Despite the lack of connectivity around the country , Hoffman said , "  We still trained people  in social media  because we saw it as an effective tool in a closed society . " With the lifting of press restrictions , Dimaggio said , she believes people "  will have greater access to Internet and online sources ... as the economy opens up and more telecom companies move in . " Facebook and Twitter may be more widely used when the government monopoly on telecom is liberalized , she said . Across the border from Myanmar , in Chiang Mai , Thailand , experienced journalists working for Internews have covertly taken in Burmese reporters who receive training for a month or so before returning to either work clandestinely or for independent journals . "  Basically , we try to teach what language to use in reporting on conflict that will not inflame the situation -- making sure your facts are right , getting them verified , basic journalism ethics , " Hoffman said of Internews ' operation during Myanmar 's military rule . When they were reporting in a closed society , Hoffman said , the Burmese had developed their own figurative writing style to report on off-limit topics . Obama encourages ` flickers of progress ' Electricity shortages are not normally the most exciting stories , but for one editor of a large Burmese journal it 's the article he is most proud of . The headline read , "  Living in the dark , " and though he was reporting on electricity blackouts , the editor was actually alluding to Myanmar 's political situation . Boosted by the covert media training , the transition from a society mired for the past 50 years in government-controlled information to one that embraces a free press has been a smooth , yet groundbreaking path , experts say . The new freedoms may represent dashes instead of solid double lines , but more reforms must be made for Myanmar 's press to be labeled truly open and its people completely free . Emphasizing that Myanmar is still at the beginning of the transition , Dimaggio said there is room for improvements , especially in regard to the escalating violence between Buddhists and the Muslim Rohingyas . "  This a real destabilizing factor for the country that has really undermined some reforms , " she said . Since the government loosened control of its information flow , Internews has set up a permanent journalism school in Yangon , the former capital . There , reporters are being trained in conflict-zone journalism -- as the country continues to witness ethnic clashes -- as well as broadcast journalism to prepare for the impending telecom liberalization . Hoffman , recently returned from Myanmar to assess the progress of the media , described it as "  the most exciting thing " he 's ever seen . "  You just ca n't believe it -- the reforms are across the board , " he said . "  They 've opened the door to democracy , and I do n't think they can close it again . "	One editor was nervous about a story landing the newspaper in trouble , but nothing happened Free press is one of the "  most important reforms in the long run , " an expert says of Myanmar Journalists trained to operate clandestinely make the transition to reporting openly Buddhist-Muslim violence could undermine the broad reforms , an expert says
CNN  -- Are younger people more likely to embrace their sexual identity ? That 's the implication of findings from a recent large Gallup survey . The survey , which asked 120,000 American adults whether they identified as lesbian , gay , bisexual or transgender , found that 6.4 % of people aged 18 to 29 said they were LGBT : about three times more than people over age 65 . But do results like these indicate that younger adults are more likely to be LGBT , or are they simply more likely to acknowledge it ? It 's probably the latter , say my colleagues . "  These numbers might reflect a generational change in social acceptance for LGBT identities , " said psychotherapist Jean Malpas , director of the Gender and Family Project at the New York-based Ackerman Institute for the Family . "  Today 's youth and young adults , at least in some communities , are gradually more comfortable being open about their sexual and gender identities . " Another potential reason for the increase in self-identified LGBT youth is the influence of a new generation of parents who embody a positive attitude and would n't have it any other way . "  Today 's millennial parents are more than just accepting of their children 's sexual identity . They 're comfortable and embracing of it , too , " said Ron Taffel , psychologist and author of the book "  Childhood Unbound . " "  They want to actively support and engage their children through communication about all aspects of their lives . " Hate your body ? 4 ways to get your sex life back Research , including this survey , also suggests that young women may be more likely than men to identify as bisexual . "  The pattern across surveys is that men are more likely to identify as gay , whereas women are more likely to identify as bisexual , " explained social psychologist Justin Lehmiller . "  We do n't know exactly why this is , but many psychologists believe it results from women 's sexuality being somewhat more ` flexible ' or ` fluid ' and men 's sexuality being somewhat more ` fixed . ' " Many other young people are eschewing traditional descriptors for sexuality and gender completely . "  There 's been a lot of work done on how LGBT youth is more and more frequently rejecting labels altogether , blurring the lines between sexual orientation and gender , creating new labels and identifying as gender-queer , gender-fluid or pansexual , to name a few , " said sex therapist Margie Nichols . "  The very term ` LGBT ' is too confining now , which is why I prefer the term Gender and Sexual Diversity , or GSD . " That term could also include the 1 % of people who identify as asexual , which means they are n't sexually attracted to anyone . "  While we 're creating space for a variety of sexual identities , we also need to create space for non-sexual identities , " said college sex educator Emily Nagoski . Are you ` normal ' in bed ? Indeed , many of the experts I spoke to expressed frustration that Gallup and other surveys limit the options from which a respondent can choose . "  The terms lesbian , gay and bisexual just do n't capture all sexual minority identities , " Lehmiller said . Nichols agrees . "  These studies are missing a tremendous opportunity by not including an ` other ' category . It 's a shame , because the ` other ' category is the wave of the future . " Separate from sexual identity is gender identity . While not addressed in the Gallup survey , experts say , this distinction is increasingly important , particularly for today 's youth . "  Gender nonconforming expression and identity are different from sexual orientation , " Malpas explained . "  Sexual orientation is about who you are attracted to and who you fall in love with . Gender expression and identity refer to the gender you feel comfortable expressing and identifying with , which might or might not be aligned with the biological sex you were assigned at birth . " As transgender and gender-nonconforming children and teens become more visible , both in communities and in the media , parents are less likely to dismiss them . "  Only a decade ago , a parent would have probably answered ` stop saying silly things ' to a 6-year-old son who insisted on being a girl , " Malpas added . "  Today , the same parent will stop and think about the transgender children they 've seen on TV or in magazines and may more readily inquire with professionals and other parents . " More than just stop and think , they 'll also hopefully want to talk . Says Taffel , who specializes in breaking through to teens , "  Open communication is a primary value for today 's parents , much more so than setting limits and rules , and the spirit of open communication trumps the content of any conversation . " What to do after an affair While it 's important not to confuse gender and sexual identity , parents can take a similar approach in discussing them with their kids . "  Of course , you should reassure the child of your love , but you 'll also want to find ways to expose your child to others like him or her so the child does n't feel different or alone , " Nichols suggested . "  Allow yourself to experience mixed or negative feelings if you have them , and consider joining a support group . You 've also got to be prepared to be your child 's advocate with schools , neighbors and community activities . " I find the survey results very encouraging , as they indicate not just a shift of differences in human sexuality toward the mainstream but also suggest that the future is promising for people who do n't fit into "  the norm . " "  We 're evolving , culturally , beyond the need to impose rules on who 's allowed to do what with their genitals and their hearts , " Nagoski said . "  This new generation of young people understands that love is love , that people are people and that the freedom to experience joy and mutually consensual pleasure is a birthright . "	A survey shows youths are more likely to identify as LBGT The numbers may reflect a generational change in social acceptance , experts say Some young people are bypassing traditional descriptors of sexuality
CNN  An American health care provider working in Sierra Leone who had a "  high-risk exposure " to the Ebola virus arrived at Nebraska Medicine on Sunday for "  observation and possible treatment , " the center said . "  This patient has been exposed to the virus but is not ill and is not contagious , " said Dr. Phil Smith , medical director of the biocontainment unit at the Omaha medical center . "  However , we will be taking all appropriate precautions . " Nebraska Medical Center , part of Nebraska Medicine , is one of only four hospitals in the United States that has biocontainment units and has been practicing for years to treat a highly infectious disease such as Ebola . The other three hospitals are Emory University Hospital in Atlanta ; Rocky Mountain Laboratories in Montana ; and the National Institutes of Health in Maryland . Nebraska Medical Center has treated three patients with Ebola : Dr. Rick Sacra , who was infected while working in Liberia , was treated and released in September . NBC freelance cameraman Ashoka Mukpo , who was also working in Liberia , was treated and released in October . And Dr. Martin Salia , who was gravely ill when he arrived from Sierra Leone , died after less than two days of treatment in November , Nebraska Medicine said . Nebraska Medicine said the patient who arrived Sunday was transported in a private air ambulance . "  This patient will be under observation in the same room used for treatment of the first three patients and will be carefully monitored to see if Ebola disease develops , " Smith said . While the United States had 10 patients with Ebola last year , the situation in West Africa remains far more dire . More than 7,500 people died from Ebola in 2014 , the World Health Organization said . The vast majority of deaths were in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea .	The health care worker was in Sierra Leone , one of the hotbeds of Ebola The patient is not currently ill nor contagious , but had "  high-risk exposure " to Ebola
Rancho Palos Verdes , California  CNN  -- Google Glass , the wearable technology from the search giant , is gaining a ton of buzz . But Apple CEO Tim Cook is not a huge fan of its potential . "  I think from a mainstream point of view , this is difficult , " Cook said , referring to whether a lot of people will want to pay $ 1,500 to buy the product . In recent weeks , Google Glass , a piece of computing hardware wrapped around the face , has been distributed to its first group of beta testers in the real world . Cook noted that he needs glasses to see and questioned whether people would want wearable technology on their faces . "  I do n't know a lot of people that wear them  glasses  that do n't have to , " he said . Cook was speaking at the "  All Things D " technology conference Tuesday evening . The annual event draws hundreds of technology executives from around the world . Questioned by moderators Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg , who manage the technology blog by the same name , Cook seemed to hint that Apple may someday enter the "  wearables " market , but declined to be specific . Speculation has been rampant in recent months that Apple might unveil an iWatch . "  I think there are lots of things to solve in this space . It 's an area that 's ripe for exploration , " he said . Cook was also questioned about whether Apple is losing its "  cool factor , " with competitors such as Samsung and HTC getting good reviews for their new phones armed with cutting edge features and larger screens . "  Is Apple in trouble ? Absolutely not , " he said , citing statistics that customers use their Apple products more than the company 's competitors . For instance , he said , 59 % of smartphone web traffic comes from IOS , the operating system that powers the iPhone . Even so , Android phones are now significantly outselling iPhones worldwide . "  Winning has never been about making the most , " he said . "  Our north star is always on making the best products . So we always come back to that . "	"  From a mainstream point of view , this is difficult , " Apple CEO Tim Cook says of Google Glass Cook spoke Tuesday night at a tech conference in suburban Los Angeles Google Glass is a piece of computing hardware wrapped around the face It has been distributed to its first group of beta testers in the real world
CNN  -- With its past-midnight resolution  at least temporarily  of the fiscal cliff , Washington gave us a clearer picture of what the next two to four years of federal action might look like : Lengthy periods of legislative gridlock , persistent partisan finger-pointing and short bursts of incremental activity that ultimately fail to resolve the major national challenges at hand . And those challenges are substantial . Our country is still struggling to fully recover from the Great Recession . More than 12 million Americans are still out of work , and 107 million Americans are considered poor or near poor  up from 81 million a decade ago  . The United States ranks 16th in the world in infrastructure quality , with one in four bridges in America considered structurally deficient . And our education system is no longer keeping our kids competitive , leaving 15-year-old American students ranked 31st in math and 23rd in science . But as has happened time and again throughout American history , our greatest innovations come at times of greatest challenge . True to form , inaction from the federal government has sparked the innovation of states , cities and metropolitan areas that are teeming with smart , pragmatic and bipartisan solutions to national economic challenges . For the second year in a row , we have identified our Top 10 State and Metropolitan Innovations to Watch -- actions undertaken by states and metropolitan areas in 2012 that seem ripe for meaningful impact in 2013 and beyond , as well as for replication by other communities . Many of these innovations represent grand economy and talent-shaping gestures . In San Antonio , for example , a ballot initiative to support pre-kindergarten education was passed in November , championed by Mayor Julian Castro and the local business and civic leadership . The referendum provides $ 31 million a year in new sales tax revenue to expand pre-k programs , with the goal of providing every eligible student in the city a strong start on the path to secondary and post-secondary success . Other large-scale initiatives include an Infrastructure Trust in Chicago to leverage private investment for the energy retrofit of public buildings , and the accelerated build-out of a state of the art transit system in Los Angeles -- a metropolis long known for its traffic congestion rather than transport alternatives . Most dangerous U.S. cities Some innovations embody smaller , structural interventions . Florida Gov. Rick Scott 's new Office of Freight Logistics and Passenger Operations will bring a multimodal approach to solving transportation and logistics challenges that have traditionally been addressed separately and inefficiently . Building on the state 's decision to prioritize investments in the Port of Miami -- which alone carries 5 % of U.S. trade with Latin America by value -- the office will be instrumental in ensuring the competitiveness of the state 's large logistics sector by preparing for changing dynamics in global trade , such as the expansion of the Panama Canal . Other structural initiatives include an ambitious strategy in Portland , Oregon , to help small business and distinctive clusters of firms access global markets , and a new National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute in Youngstown , Ohio , to capitalize on opportunities brought by 3D printing . All of these innovations share common themes . They embrace a vision of economic growth that is productive , sustainable , inclusive and globally oriented . They are affirmative in spirit , forward-leaning in action and imaginative in design , reflecting the quintessential optimism that characterizes America . And , perhaps most importantly , they are shaped and advanced by networks of leaders who work across jurisdictional , ideological and , yes , political lines to get stuff done . But most of all , these innovations in policy and practices show that American-problem solving does not rely exclusively on the work of the federal government . If we can accomplish such extraordinary things at the state and local level , just imagine what we can accomplish as a nation if Washington gets it act together and even partially embodies this same innovative spirit . Hopefully , it wo n't take four years . * * * Top 10 state and metro innovations to watch Exports Metro -- Portland , Oregon : Metropolitan Export Plan . An ambitious strategy to help business and distinctive clusters of firms access global markets . State -- Florida : Office of Freight Logistics and Passenger Operations . A new department to coordinate and prioritize freight and port strategies and investments . Low Carbon Metro -- Chicago : "  Retrofit Chicago . " Leveraging private investment in a new Infrastructure Trust for the energy retrofit of public buildings . State -- California : Cap-and-Trade . The launch of a carbon trading system to lower carbon emissions and further demarcate the state as the center of the American clean economy . Innovation Metro -- Youngstown , Ohio : National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Institute . A new regional manufacturing initiative to exploit the full opportunities brought by 3D printing . State -- Massachusetts : Top-USA Massachusetts . A research exchange between Boston-area and Brazilian research institutions . Opportunity Metro -- San Antonio : Pre-k Expansion . A commitment to expand pre-k education , to give every student a strong start on the path to secondary and post-secondary success . State -- Kansas : Career and Technical Education Initiative . State incentives for enrollment in and completion of local technical education and community college classes . Governance Metro -- Los Angeles : America Fast Forward . Metro-federal partnership in accelerated build-out of transit expansion . State -- California , Washington , Oregon : West Coast Infrastructure Exchange . Three-state initiative to coordinate cross-state infrastructure investments . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Washington has been mired in dysfunction for years , authors say They say the good news is local governments are stepping up States and localities are finding innovative solutions to problems , they say Authors : Small government units tackling transit , education , economy
CNN  -- Last week , video game blogs lit up with excitement over a game that was previously on no one 's radar . The zombie survival horror game "  Dead Island , " does n't have a release date yet , but it 's got a remarkable , haunting trailer , one so skillfully made that it 's prompted some bloggers to call it the best game trailer ever released . Told in reverse , presented in slow-motion , it 's a stunning piece of work . A chase , intercut into the scene , fills in the backstory and by the end , the two pieces of virtual film merge . So what happens in the trailer ? A little girl dies . Horrifically . She 's chased down a hallway by zombies , bitten into , then temporarily rescued by her parents . Moments later , she becomes a zombie herself . She attacks her father and as he turns in pain , she 's flung through a window and falls many stories to her death . In presenting the story in reverse , the trailer begins with her body lying broken on the ground , her eye open and staring . Effective ? Absolutely . In less than a day , a game that sounded like a by-the-numbers zombie shooter had a built-in audience of worshipful players ready to buy "  Dead Island " whenever it ships . Deep Silver , the game 's developer , said there 's been strong interest in a movie adaptation for a game that nobody 's yet played . As a gamer and as a parent of two little girls , I can say that as much as I admire the craft of putting such a game trailer together , it 's not one that I can enjoy . The game itself may turn out to be fantastic , but the cinematic preview strikes me as exploitative and cynical , a successful marketing ploy meant to evoke shock and pity . The "  Dead Island " trailer would n't bother me so much if it did n't feel like part of a growing , disturbing trend in video games . Last year , I played "  Heavy Rain , " a dark , story-driven melodrama about a serial killer who drowns young boys . In the game , you play as four main characters trying to stop the crimes , including the father of a boy who 's been kidnapped by the murderer . -LSB- SPOILER ALERT -RSB- It 's only in the last act of the game that you discover one of those characters is the killer and at points in the game you were unwittingly helping the serial killer along . The 2007 hit "  BioShock " introduced players to the Little Sisters , mutant children you could save or harvest for power-ups that would help you in the game . Players literally held the lives of the little girls in their hands and had to decide whether to kill . And in a game I 'm currently playing , "  Dead Space 2 , " some of the enemies you mow down with futuristic weapons include small , quick moving "  Necromorphs " that resemble fierce little Gollums . The disgusting space mutants , it turns out , were once children living on a large space station . To guide the point home , you 're tasked with exploring a day care center where they used to play . These are all games I 've played and enjoyed ; "  BioShock " was considered one of the best games of 2007 . "  Heavy Rain " was well-regarded for its uncompromising storytelling and adult themes . And "  Dead Space 2 " has earned raves from game critics for its unrelenting action and scares . But , increasingly , I 'm getting uncomfortable with how comfortable game developers have become with putting children in peril and , often , allowing them to be gruesomely killed . If you watch local TV news , read the newspaper or skim through CNN 's headlines , there 's not a day that goes by when you do n't hear about some unthinkable violence or long-term abuse against a child . The video game industry , which has strived since the 1980s to have the same cultural cachet as TV and movies , has found a taboo that can make gamers feel like they 're consuming more mature , provocative entertainment . When such depictions are presented in an artful , entertaining way , video game advocates are put in a position of defending content that might be less palatable in other mediums . Would the "  Dead Island " trailer work as a live-action preview of a movie or would it have provoked outrage ? I wonder if our tolerance for virtual gore and bloodshed in games has numbed us to the mutilation and torture of children because they 're virtual characters , no more real than the barrel-chested Nazis in "  Wolfenstein 3D " or the turtles in "  Super Mario Bros. " Or , more disturbingly , maybe we 've become so used to hearing about violence directed at kids that its depiction in video games is just another reflection of our culture . Perhaps developers , many of whom have kids of their own , are exploring their own fears as they build complex , dark game narratives , fully aware that once there 's an "  M for Mature " label on the package , there 'll be little outcry . Perhaps there are some people who like the queasy feeling of taking down kid-sized zombies and space monsters in their video game entertainment . If that 's the case , then the "  Dead Island " trailer has done its job . It 's horrified me and has left me feeling haunted and sad . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Omar L. Gallaga .	The trailer for zombie survival horror game "  Dead Island " has sparked intense interest online But game developers seem to be getting comfortable with putting children in peril Gallaga says this is just another reflection of our culture
London  CNN  Cosmologist Stephen Hawking says he was "  happy " to lend his trademark synthesized voice to actor Eddie Redmayne , who portrays the British scientist in the drama about his life , "  to give him a bit of a boost in his efforts to win an Oscar . " Although , joked the 73-year-old physicist , "  Unfortunately , Eddie did not inherit my good looks . " Hawking suffers from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis  ALS  , a degenerative disease that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord . He irreversibly lost the ability to speak in 1985 after having a tube inserted into his windpipe during a bout of severe pneumonia and now communicates in instantly recognizable tones using an electronic speech synthesizer . "  Before I lost my voice , it was slurred , so only those close to me could understand -LSB- it -RSB- . But with the computer voice , I found I could give popular lectures , " Hawking said . "  Although it gave me an American accent , I have kept that voice , because it 's now my trademark . " Hawking 's comments came as he gave a personal guided tour of London 's Science Museum to 24-year-old L.A.-resident Adaeze Uyanwah , who beat more than 10,000 entrants in a competition to be named London 's Official Guest of Honor . Redmayne , 32 , has been nominated for an Academy Award for best actor for his uncanny transformation into Hawking . The actor has already picked up an armful of awards for the role , including both the BAFTA and Golden Globe prizes for best actor , and is in the running to take home an Oscar when the winners are announced on February 22 . "  The Theory of Everything " follows Hawking from the 1960s during his early days as a bright postgraduate student at Cambridge University to the 1980s when he publishes the seminal "  A Brief History of Time , " and focuses on his relationship with his first wife Jane and his battle with ALS . It is based on the memoir "  Travelling to Infinity : My Life with Stephen , " written by Jane , who is played in the film by Felicity Jones . Initially , the filmmakers used a voice-box programmed to sound like the one Hawking uses , but after watching an early screening , the physicist was so pleased that he allowed filmmakers to use his voice , according to Newsweek . "  He offered us his voice , " Redmayne told Newsweek . "  For me , that was the most wonderful thing . " The British actor has confessed to nerves about playing a living legend and told Variety that he always knew that his toughest critic would be Hawking . But when the lights came up Hawking 's nurse wiped a tear way from his face -- and he called the film "  broadly true , " Variety reported . During the tour , Hawking said the museum is one of his favorite places and "  helped fuel " his fascination with physics . The physicist showed Uyanwah items from the museum of particular significance to him , including a rare copy of Newton 's Principia Mathematica from 1687 and a reconstruction of a 1953 model of the famous double helix structure of DNA discovered by Francis Crick and James Watson . "  We are now entering a new phase of what might be called self-designed evolution in which we will be able to change and improve our DNA , " he told her . "  Now that we have read the book of life , we can start writing in corrections , to make us more intelligent and better natured . " As well as meeting the science legend , VisitLondon.com 's Guest of Honor initiative , part of the "  GREAT Britain " campaign , treated Uyanwah to a private tour of Shakespeare 's Globe theater , a walk down the red carpet at the premiere of "  The Second Best Exotic Marigold Hotel " and tea with London Mayor Boris Johnson . Uyanwah did n't leave her meeting with Hawking -- which she described as something she 'll "  never forget " -- without taking the opportunity to ask him what he would change about the human race -- and what virtues he would magnify . "  The human failing I would most like to correct is aggression . It may have had -LSB- a -RSB- survival advantage in cave man days ... but now it threatens to destroy us all . A major nuclear war would be the end of civilization , and maybe the end of the human race . "  The quality I would most like to magnify is empathy . It brings us together in a peaceful loving state . " The eminent thinker finished the tour by telling her that he hoped the objects he 'd shown her would remind her to "  hold on to that childlike wonder about what makes the universe exist . " "  Look up at the stars , and not down at your feet , " he said .	Renowned cosmologist Stephen Hawking approves of "  The Theory of Everything " Allowed filmmakers to use his trademark computer-synthesized voice Says he hope it will give Eddie Redmayne 's chance of a Best Actor Oscar "  a bit of a boost "
Washington  CNN  -- High-profile diplomatic incidents involving President Ronald Reagan and top world leaders were publicized for the first time Saturday after historian William Doyle got the White House to release the tapes . From discussing troop withdrawals with Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin to discussing tense hostage negotiations with Pakistani President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq , Reagan recorded dozens of calls he made from the White House Situation Room . The audio recordings were first published in the New York Post in a story Saturday . The recordings became public after Doyle said he asked for them via a Freedom of Information Act request -- in 1996 . One recording with Begin during the 1982 Lebanon War reveals that Reagan asked the Israeli Prime Minister to delay the withdrawal of Israeli troops from Lebanon until Lebanese government forces arrived . "  It 's a call that I have resisted making and did not want to make and I know what has been taking place there , " Reagan tells Begin in 1983 . "  And so , here I am now asking you the one thing you told me not to ask you and that is , could you delay a few more days in that withdrawal until the Lebanese army can free itself from Beirut ? " Begin faced heavy political pressure during the Lebanese conflict and would resign just months after his call with Reagan . In a conversation with Pakistan 's Zia-ul-Haq , Reagan discusses the sensitive nature of hostage negotiations after a Trans World Airlines flight from Cairo was hijacked by radical Islamists . One recording also reveals that Reagan made Syrian President Hafez el-Assad , the father of President Bashar el-Assad , wait for more than 13 minutes while he returned from horseback riding on his ranch in California . The recordings Doyle shared with the Post also included a conversation with then-British Prime Minister and conservative ally Margaret Thatcher , when Reagan apparently apologized for sending Navy SEALs into Grenada without giving Thatcher a heads up , the Post reported .	Historian William Doyle first requested the recordings in 1996 The recordings involve former President Ronald Reagan talking with world leaders Doyle 's findings were published in the New York Post on Saturday
CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Friday to impeach a federal judge convicted of obstruction of justice while in office . Judge Samuel Kent was the first federal judge to be charged with sexual crimes while in office . U.S. District Judge Samuel B. Kent of Texas pleaded guilty in February , admitting he lied to investigators about nonconsensual sexual contact with two employees in his courthouse . As part of a plea agreement , other counts alleging sexual misconduct were dropped . Kent was the first federal judge to be charged with sexual crimes while in office . He has submitted his resignation , but made it effective June 1 , 2010 , meaning he would be paid for a year while in prison . That drew a heated response among some members of Congress , and a House Judiciary Committee task force unanimously approved four articles of impeachment against Kent on the grounds of sexual assault , obstruction of justice and providing false statements to federal investigators . Before the House vote , Judiciary Committee member Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , said to House members that Kent collecting a salary of about $ 174,000 while in prison constituted "  an attempt to extort hundreds of thousands of dollars from the American people . " There were no dissenting votes . The decision on whether to convict Kent will be made by the Senate . A conviction would mean he would lose his seat on the federal bench and his pension . Kent , who turns 60 this month , was sentenced in May to 33 months in prison and began serving the sentence Monday . He was ordered to undergo treatment for alcoholism while in prison . An attempt to reach Kent 's attorney for comment was unsuccessful Friday afternoon . President George H.W. Bush nominated Kent , who took his seat on the bench of the Southern District of Texas on October 1 , 1990 . Kent is the 14th federal judge to be impeached by the House . The last impeachment -- on charges of lying to a federal grand jury -- was of Mississippi Judge Walter Nixon in 1989 .	Samuel Kent says he lied about nonconsensual sexual contact with 2 employees Kent submits resignation effective June 2010 , which allowed him to collect salary To keep Kent from being paid while in jail , House panel votes to impeach Decision on whether he 'll lose his seat on the bench and pension rests with Senate
CNN  -- Slightly smaller than the U.S. state of Indiana , and with a slowly decreasing population of just under 10 million  1.7 million of whom live in the capital , Budapest  , Hungary is a land in thrall to its history . The horse is still revered here , Franz Liszt is huge and goulash is a soup not a stew . You may find yourself overtaken in a revolving door , but you 'll be made to feel thoroughly welcome -- as long as you do n't clink your beer glass . More : Guide to Hungary 's signature dishes 1 . It has Central Europe 's largest lake At almost 80 kilometers  50 miles  long , and covering an area of almost 600-square-kilometers  230 square miles  , Lake Balaton is so big it 's known as the "  Magyar tenger " or the Hungarian Sea . The lake is a favorite vacation destination for Hungarians -- the southern shore , and especially the city of Sifok , is something of a party spot . The annual Balaton Sound summer music festival is held in the nearby town of Zamrdi . Families with kids prefer the relatively quiet northern side . 2 . Swimsuits are necessities Hungary has hot water to spare . There are more than 1,000 natural springs in the country  and the world 's largest thermal lake at Hvz , near Lake Balaton  , with 118 in Budapest alone . On the Pest side of the river in the capital , Szchenyi Thermal Baths  llatkerti krt 9-11 , 1146 Budapest ; +36 1 363 3210  claims to be the biggest thermal bathing complex in Europe . Another good Budapest bathing spot is the art nouveau Gellrt Baths and Hotel  Kelenhegyi t 4 , 1118 Budapest ; +36 1 466 6166  , at the foot of Gellrt Hill . 3 . Hungarians are smart ; just ask the people at Nobel The country has one of the highest rankings , per capita , for Nobel laureates , with 13 winners going back to their first , in 1905  for physics  , and the most recent , in 2004  for chemistry  . Hungarians have also invented many things , from the biro ballpoint pen  named for inventor Lszl Br  to computer science  Jnos Neumann  to Rubik 's cube . As minister of state for economic strategy Zoltn Csfalvay recently said : "  I am very proud to be able to say that everything was invented by a Hungarian . " He was joking . Sort of . 4 . Franz Liszt is still huge The composer is such a big deal here that , although he was born in what is now Austria , spoke German and French but no Hungarian and died in Germany , they renamed Budapest International Airport in his honor for the anniversary of his 200th birthday , in 2011 . The reason ? The village he was born in was Hungarian at the time , and he described himself as Hungarian . Liszt Ferenc  in the Hungarian naming convention , the family name always goes first  also has a square named for him in Pest . Surrounded by trendy cafes and restaurants , it 's extremely popular in summer . 5 . The ` little gate ' is a way of life Forty years of communism left Hungarians expert at finding what they call "  the little gate , " an alternative way in , a work around . They 're reputed to be the only people who can enter a revolving door behind you and emerge ahead . They also have an opinion on everything , so much so that it 's said if you have three Hungarians in a room , they 'll form four political parties . 6 . Goulash is n't what you think it is The signature national dish is gulys , which you probably know as goulash . What 's served in Western restaurants , however , is usually a stew , while what you get in Hungary is a soup . Everyone claims to have the best recipe , with an annual goulash festival held each September in Szolnok  120 kilometers southeast of the capital in central Hungary  . The version at one of Budapest 's best known restaurants , Gundel  Gundel Kroly t 4 , 1146 Budapest , next to Budapest Zoo entrance ; +36 1 889 8100  , will set you back HUF 3,800  $ 17  . Around the corner , you can get a great bowl for HUF 1,900 at Bagolyvr  Gundel Kroly t 4 , 1146 Budapest ; +36 1 468 110 ; website in Hungarian  , which is owned by Gundel but specializes in home-style cooking . 7 . Hungarians are addicted to a red powder There 's one element of Hungarian cuisine that 's present in every kitchen , from Grandma 's to that of the country 's first Michelin-starred restaurant , Costes  Rday utca 4 , 1092 Budapest ; +36 1 219 0696  : paprika . The powdered pepper is used to spice up just about every dish -- especially goulash . It 's so important it was national news when spice and sauce maker Univer announced in late October that its paprika-based condiments would continue to be made from 100 % Hungarian produce , despite a poor harvest . 8 . Clinking beer glasses is frowned upon Walk along Budapest 's answer to London 's Soho -- the pedestrianized Rday utca teeming with bars , restaurants and galleries in the center of Pest -- and you 'll hear little clinking of beer glasses . When the Hungarians lost the 1848-49 Revolution and War of Independence , Austrians executed 13 of the most senior Hungarian generals , and supposedly celebrated by drinking beer and clinking their mugs . Hungarians vowed not to clink beer glasses for the next 150 years . Although that period ended in 1999 , the "  ban " is still widely observed , especially among more elderly people . It 's fine to clink wine and spirit glasses . 9 . Tokaji is the Wine of Kings Tokaji is so good that Louis XIV of France called it the "  Wine of Kings , the King of Wine . " If you want to take a bottle of the sweet dessert wine home you 'll find it in most wine shops -- Bortrsasg  Wine Society  has locations across Budapest and the country . Tokaji is measured by its sweetness , shown by the number of "  puttonyos . " A good example of the topaz-colored wine is Tokaji Asz -- look for four puttonyos or more  the scale goes up to six  . The best Tokaji  also rarest and most expensive  is the Essencia style . 10 . Hungarians are sports mad Hungarians love sports and are extremely proud of the fact that , per capita , the country has one of the highest tallies of Olympic medals  482 across both winter and summer games  . They continue to do well at fencing , swimming , gymnastics and kayaking , but the men 's water polo team is exceptional -- you 'll find Hungarians gathered around TVs everywhere when the latter are playing . If you want to get a feel for the Hungarian love of sports  and beer  , Champs Sport Pub  Dohny utca 20 , 1074 Budapest ; +36 1 413 1655  , in Pest , is a good venue for watching sport among Hungarians . But be warned , it gets packed for big events . 11 . Equestrian traditions are very much alive The Hungarians rode into the Carpathian Basin -- the central European territory they conquered -- on horseback and have been in love with things equine ever since . Their famed light cavalry gave English the word Hussar  from the Hungarian "  Huszr "  . The current coach-driving world champions are the Lzr brothers , who hold regular horse shows at the Lzr Equestrian Park in Domonyvlgy  Feny utca 47 , 2182 Domonyvlgy ; +3628576-510  , about 35 kilometers from Budapest . There are plenty of other places throughout the country to take riding lessons or simply go for a hack . A good choice is the Hilltop Riding Farm  Repltri t 0117 / 15 hrsz , 2100 Gdll , Hungary ; +36306368553  , in the town of Gdll , outside Budapest . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy Robin Marshall is a journalist and editor based in Hungary . He 's the former managing editor of the Budapest Sun .	Hungary has one of the highest Nobel prize counts per capita Paprika is of national importance Here , goulash is a soup , not a stew Per capita , the country has one of the highest tallies of Olympic medals across both winter and summer games
CNN  -- You 'd think someone who lasted 17 years as host of a television program in this day and age -- particularly a show as venerable as NBC 's "  Tonight Show " -- would be receiving praise and honor . Jay Leno has rarely impressed critics , but he 's been the No. 1 late-night host for almost 15 years . Not so Jay Leno , whose final "  Tonight Show " is Friday . "  Without fail , Leno 's show fills an hour and kills an hour , " wrote The Associated Press ' Frazier Moore in a recent column on Leno 's "  Tonight " legacy . "  For 17 years in late night he has vigorously played a game of lowered expectations , and met them . " Ouch . Leno has never been the critics ' favorite . David Letterman , who watched Leno receive Johnny Carson 's "  Tonight Show " desk but never Carson 's blessing , has long been touted as the King of Late Night 's true successor with his CBS show . Conan O'Brien , who began his run as Letterman 's NBC successor facing howls of derision , leaves it with some critics ' hopes that he 'll infuse the "  Tonight Show , " his new home as of Monday , with new life . Watch how the late-night scene is changing " And Leno ? He 'll leave behind the heavily rimshotted jokes , the Dancing Itos , the "  Jaywalking " and "  Headlines " bits -- all the things that drove Letterman and O'Brien fans up the wall -- with an audience of 5 million , still tops among late-night TV shows . And he 'll be moving to prime time in September . Some CNN iReporters , asked to choose between Leno and O'Brien , say it 's no contest . iReport : Whom do you prefer ? "  I feel like Jay Leno is more for men and women , " said iReporter Melissa Fazli of Yorba Linda , California . "  Where I think Conan O'Brien , only men get . ... I do n't get his sense of humor . " "  Jay Leno is like everybody 's cool guy to go to . You want to hang out with Jay , " said Kyle Aevermann of Itasca , Illinois . Leno 's comedy has usually played off his regular-guy persona . In the 1980s , when he was a regular guest on Letterman 's "  Late Night , " Dave used to welcome a wound-up Leno with a jovial , "  What 's your beef , Jay ? " To which Leno -- who looked like a cross between a class clown and a Boston greaser -- would respond with a well-turned wisenheimer riff on being stuck in the middle seat on airplanes or evil-twin plots on television .  YouTube is full of Leno 's old "  Late Night " appearances . Moore and other critics may criticize Leno for "  lowered expectations , " but upon taking the reins of "  Tonight " on May 25 , 1992 , Leno opted for a more Jack Paar-esque "  Tonight " show , mixing raconteurs among the comedians , actors and pop singers . Along with the usual entertainers -- Tom Cruise , Rosie O'Donnell -- among his early guests were opera singer Kathleen Battle , humorist P.J. O'Rourke and author-reporter Robert Krulwich . But the show , also beset by infighting between Leno 's then-executive producer and NBC brass , suffered in the ratings , often finishing behind Letterman 's CBS "  Late Show , " which premiered in 1993 . Sources give various reasons for the turnaround -- a new set , Leno 's growing comfort , broader jokes -- but generally pinpoint the moment Leno became late night 's leader to the appearance of one guest : Hugh Grant . The actor , who was promoting his film "  Nine Months , " appeared on "  Tonight " in July 1995 , just after his arrest for consorting with a prostitute . Leno led off the interview with a humorously exasperated , "  What the hell were you thinking ? " The audience picked up , and "  Tonight " has led the late-night ratings ever since . Entertainment Weekly recently named the Grant interview the best moment of Leno 's "  Tonight " tenure . Leno , though he 's been portrayed as a ferocious backroom infighter -- before striking a deal for the 10 p.m. talk-variety show he 'll lead in the fall , he made no secret of his willingness to leave NBC -- generally lets criticism go by like a morning mist . "  Trash talking is a part of the competition , " he said after hearing about a jab from ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel . "  You do your best . It gives you the impetus to prove them wrong . " And the man must be doing something right . Until being hospitalized last month , he 'd never missed a "  Tonight " taping . He 's done 3,775 episodes , about 750 fewer than Carson , but in 13 fewer years . He still gets out on the road , recently putting on free shows for Detroit autoworkers . In fact , the criticism aimed at Leno can be reminiscent of the complaints aimed at reliable-but-dull cars . When an auto executive was asked why his top-selling vehicle -- often compared to vanilla ice cream -- remained so popular , he pointed out that although some people may find vanilla ice cream boring , a lot of people like it . Leno , a major auto buff , must know what he means .	Jay Leno concludes 17 years as "  Tonight Show " host Friday Leno has been criticized for dumbing down the show , but he 's been No. 1 for years He 'll be succeeded by Conan O'Brien ; in fall , he 'll launch prime-time show
The slick , black aircraft came roaring down the runway on its way into the sky . We had been allowed to watch the takeoff from an elevated viewing area about three-quarters of the way down the strip . There were the five of us attached to the USO 's Operation Thriller III tour : writers Kathleen Antrim , Joe Finder , Andy Harp , Brad Meltzer and me . A handful of airmen assigned to a U.S. Air Force base in the Mideast were on hand as well . I was tracking the jet 's advance down the runway with my video camera . I pivoted as the plane swept by , and my view was suddenly blocked by one of the airmen . He stood pumping his fist up and down as the jet rose in front of us . I momentarily paused on him and lost the plane . It streaked by with a blast of sound and air displacement that went right through me . I turned my camera in time to catch the afterburners as the aircraft rose at a steep angle into the sky . I thought I had blown the shot with my pause on the airman 's pumping fist . But then I realized I actually had the real shot , the shot that told the fuller story . The shot that underlined what I had been seeing over and over as we traveled from base to base and visited troops stationed in support of military efforts . Opinion : Everyday should be Veterans Day From the truck drivers to the pilots to the gate sentries to the colonels in command , the effort is one of pride and preparedness that left me with a new take on what it means to be heroic . These people , far from home and seemingly in the middle of nowhere , are the noble but unknown troops . They 've got true character . When I had first been approached about joining a USO tour comprising authors , I jumped at the chance . After all , I am in the hero business . I write about fictional characters who face adverse circumstances and with relentless spirit and drive overcome the odds to succeed -- sometimes at great danger and cost to themselves . This is the coin of the realm when it comes to fiction . It 's character , character , character . Slick plotting and exotic settings and forensic detail are all window dressing on the real deal . Readers come into a story looking to connect with a character they identify with and want to ride with . They are looking for heroes . Veterans Day by the numbers So what better way to meet and research heroes than a USO tour ? I heard that last year 's Operation Thriller USO tour went to Afghanistan and the one before that visited troops in Iraq . The writers on those trips were furnished with Kevlar helmets and flak jackets . I assumed we would make a similar journey , that we were going where the troops dodged sniper bullets and IEDs as a matter of course each day . But then I got the word . Operation Thriller III would not be going to the front . We would spend a week visiting support bases scattered across the Southwest Asia . Though my family breathed easier at the news , I have to admit I was disappointed . I had signed up to meet heroes and now I was going to meet the troops who backed up the heroes . Well , I got that wrong . On our weeklong USO tour , I got the chance to visit with the heroes who load pallets of water on cargo planes , the heroes who patrol the desert for explosives dating back to the first Persian Gulf War of 1991 , the heroes who fix and maintain the vehicles that cover the rugged ground in Afghanistan and the hero pilots that fly in supplies instead of bombs . Most of them came from reserve units from across the United States . It is work that is not without danger , but still it never gets the notice of the media focused squarely down range on the fight . No matter , these troops were n't looking for attention and they were n't looking to be called heroes . They simply were going about their jobs with pride and professionalism , knowing that down range it mattered . Like the airman fist-pumping at the side of the runway , character and heroism are where you find them . Sometimes , it 's maintaining the plane instead of flying it . Sometimes , it 's moving water bottles instead of bullets . Always faithful : Marine veterans tend to hero 's grave , cemetery I met an Army specialist on a base in Kuwait who drives a forklift . He did n't wear a combat helmet . He wore a hard hat . His hard hat was a custom-made white cowboy hat he had ordered off the Internet . His job was to move pallets of water on to cargo planes that lifted them to bases all across the region . In a place where summer temperatures routinely break 100 degrees before the sun is barely up , bottles of water can be as important as bullets . Eight months into his posting , he said he had helped move more than 3 million bottles of water and counting . It was a figure of which he was proud . He knew he played an integral part in the fight . I did n't get to Afghanistan , but the USO and the man in the white hat taught me a lesson in what it is to be a hero . They showed me sacrifice , pride , professionalism and reminded me that being part of the team and doing the job right -- whether anyone is paying attention or not -- are the ingredients of character . Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion	Author Michael Connelly recently met troops on USO 's Operation Thriller III Tour At first , he says he was disappointed he was not with troops on front line Connelly says he soon learned a lesson in "  what it is to be a hero " Sacrifice , pride , professionalism are true ingredients of character , he says
CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods is set to return to the PGA Tour Thursday after a three-month hiatus , but this time without his longtime caddie Steve Williams . Woods ' participation in the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational in Akron , Ohio -- an event he has won a record seven times -- comes after months of recuperation following knee and Achilles injuries . Speaking to reporters after a practice round Tuesday , Woods said he was feeling the fittest he had in "  years " and was experiencing no ill effects after surgery on his left leg . "  It feels solid , it feels stable , no pain . That 's one of the reasons why I took as long as I did to come back is that I want to get to this point where I can go ahead and start playing golf again like this , " he said . "  It 's been a very long time , and it feels good to go out there today and hit balls like this , go practice and feel nothing and walk around and pretty much do anything I want on the golf course . " It will also be his first appearance since he fired his caddie , Steve Williams , who worked for him for 12 years . Asked about last month 's breakup -- amid reports Williams said he felt he 'd wasted the past two years of his life -- Woods responded that he had "  felt it was time for a change . " He and Williams had had "  an amazing run , " Woods said . "  He 's a hell of a caddie , there 's no denying that . He 's helped my career and I think I 've helped his as well . "  We 've had a great partnership for 12 years , won a bunch of tournaments , but I just felt it was time to change things up a little . " Woods will tee off at 1.40 p.m. at Firestone Country Club , with his friend Bryon Bell caddying for him . Woods withdrew from the PLAYERS Championship in May because of the injury to his left knee and a strained Achilles tendon . He missed the British Open earlier in July , along with the U.S. Open in June , because of his injuries . He has since been working to rehabilitate his injuries , and recently began hitting practice shots , the statement on his website said . The 35-year-old Woods , winner of the British Open in 2000 , 2005 and 2006 , also missed the 2008 tournament at Royal Birkdale following reconstructive knee surgery after his U.S. Open victory a month earlier . Woods has n't won a tournament since he took a break from the game after revelations about his private life emerged . The golfer divorced Elin Nordegren , his wife of six years , in August 2010 after admitting to transgressions in his private life and following reports of extramarital affairs .	Woods took a three-month break due to injury It will be his first appearance since parting ways with long-time caddie Steve Williams Friend Bryon Bell will act as a stand-in caddie for the tournament Woods says he is feeling fit and ready to play following knee surgery
Washington  CNN  -- A Marine who used his Facebook page to criticize President Barack Obama has been discharged , a Marine Corps spokesman said Wednesday . Sgt. Gary Stein was given an "  other-than-honorable " discharge , said Capt. Brian Block , a spokesman for the Marines . Among other comments posted to his Facebook page , Stein called Obama a liar and suggested he would not follow some orders issued by the president . An other-than-honorable discharge is given to a Marine who commits a "  serious offense " that significantly differs from conduct expected of a Marine , the Corps said . A statement from the Marines said it approved the findings of a military board , which in March recommended the discharge . The board found Stein violated rules limiting political conduct by service members . The Facebook page for Stein 's Armed Forces Tea Party had a post Wednesday saying the discharge will be postponed until the results of a medical condition , with which he was diagnosed Monday , are returned and treatment is discussed . "  I have spent the last 9 years honorably serving this great nation and the Corps , " Stein wrote on his personal Facebook page . "  Even though I will be discharged no one can take the title of Marine away from me . I thank my family and friends for their support and love . Today is just the start of the rest of my life . Semper Fi . " Stein said earlier this month that the case against him was weak , based on personal opinion and not on legal aspects . Stein , who is based at Camp Pendleton near San Diego , California , called Obama a liar in a January 26 post to the Armed Forces Tea Party Facebook page . Two days later , he said the president is "  the ` Domestic Enemy ' our oath speaks about . " Opinion : Marine 's Facebook posts on Obama go too far In a March 4 posting , Stein questioned Obama 's birth certificate . Another discussion on the site in March said Stein would refuse to obey orders given by Obama . He later clarified to say he meant illegal orders , which he has explained as orders such as sending the military to Syria without congressional approval . "  The allegations drummed up against me are no more than an agenda by the Marine Corps to use me as an example , " Stein previously said in a statement posted to his page . "  If I am guilty of anything it would be that I am American , a freedom loving Conservative , hell bent on defending the constitution and preserving Americas greatness . " While the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution protects the free speech rights of ordinary citizens , a Defense Department rule prohibits service members from engaging in some forms of political activity . Among the prohibited activities are publishing partisan political articles or serving in an official capacity with a partisan political club . Stein has said that he carefully followed the Defense Department directive . The Facebook page notes that it does not represent and is not affiliated with the military or government . Nearly 30,000 people "  like " Stein 's Armed Forces Tea Party page . Facebook members responding to news of Stein 's discharge Wednesday were largely supportive . "  You 've got to be kidding me . OTH 's  other-than-honorable discharges  are given to Marines who grossly violate the UCMJ  Uniform Code of Military Justice  , as in drug use , excessive DUI 's , adultery , etc. . This is a joke , " one wrote . "  So disappointed in the Corps . This is a poor decision , " wrote another . Another Facebook member , however , said Stein 's punishment was expected . "  For any of you that thought that he was going to get anything but ` Other than honorable ' ... you really dont know jack about the military , " he wrote . CNN 's Adam Levine contributed to this report .	Sgt. Gary Stein was given an "  other-than-honorable " discharge , official says On Facebook , Stein had called president a liar , suggested he would not follow some orders Military board found Stein broke rules limiting political conduct , recommended discharge
CNN  -- The U.S. Department of Transportation slapped United Airlines with a $ 30,000 fine Friday for violating price advertising rules , and the airline also will have to pay the balance for a previous infraction . Under DOT rules , airlines must disclose the full price of air travel to consumers . "  Our fare advertising rules are designed to ensure that consumers know how much they will pay for a ticket and are able to compare prices when choosing which carrier to fly , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . The department found that United failed to disclose a 7.5 percent federal excise tax for 60 hours on the initial results page of its Web site . United said it is committed to advertising its fares clearly . "  In this unique case , due to a programming error , the initial fare display inadvertently placed the 7.5 percent federal excise tax in the ` taxes and fees ' section , rather than in the base fare , " said spokeswoman Sarah Massier in an e-mail . "  Immediately upon learning of the programming error United took action to move the tax to the base fare . " Government taxes and fees per passenger are the only charges that are not required to be included in the published fare , according to the DOT . The new penalty means United also will have to pay the balance on a fine for a violation over the summer . In August , the DOT fined United $ 75,000 for not disclosing taxes and fees in the initial advertised fares on its Web site and for showing one-way fares that were only applicable for round-trip travel . The airline was required to pay $ 37,500 of that penalty , with the understanding that half would be forgiven if it had no further violations within the next 12 months . United now is required to pay the other half of the $ 75,000 fine .	Under DOT rules , airlines must disclose the full price of air travel to consumers United violated price advertising rules twice in five months Government taxes and fees per passenger are the only exception to the rules
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court has tossed out government fines against CBS Inc. and its affiliates for airing the infamous shot of brief nudity involving singer Janet Jackson during the 2004 Super Bowl . Friday 's action follows the court 's separate , unanimous ruling this month in favor of broadcast television networks . The justices said in that free-speech dispute that the Federal Communications Commission imposed unfair punishment for isolated profanity and sexual content during evening "  prime time " hours . The FCC had imposed a $ 550,000 fine against CBS and its affiliates for airing the "  wardrobe malfunction " incident involving Jackson and Justin Timberlake during the professional football championship game 's halftime show . The Justice Department had told the high court there was no "  fleeting images exemption from indecency enforcement " and that the singer 's act was "  shocking and pandering , " airing "  during a prime-time broadcast of a sporting event that was marketed as family entertainment and contained no warning that it would include nudity . " But CBS countered that the government in recent decades has applied inconsistent rules to indecent words and images , punishing some instances and ignoring others . A three-judge Philadelphia-based 3rd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals panel last November agreed , finding for a second time the FCC had acted "  arbitrarily and capriciously , " since the commission did not give the media companies proper prior warning about subsequent changes in its enforcement policies . Chief Justice John Roberts said Friday he was "  not so sure . " High court rules for broadcasters on TV ` indecency ' "  The agency never stated that the  fleeting expletives  exception applied to fleeting images as well , and there was good reason to believe that it did not , " he wrote . "  As every schoolchild knows , a picture is worth a thousand words , and CBS broadcast this particular picture to millions of impressionable children . " The chief justice himself is the only member of the high court who is a parent of two school-age children . But Roberts nevertheless agreed with his colleagues to dismiss the government 's appeal , in light of the FCC 's newly clarified policy allowing for no exceptions to fleeting expletives or images . "  Any future ` wardrobe malfunctions ' will not be protected on the ground relied on by the court below , " warned Roberts . After viewer complaints and national media attention , the FCC said the Jackson incident was obscene . In addition to CBS Inc. , 20 of its affiliates also were fined . Congress quickly reacted at the time to the visual shocker by increasing the limit on indecency fines tenfold , up to $ 325,000 per violation per network . And it said each local affiliate that aired such incidents also could be punished by the same amount . The FCC claimed the network had "  alarm bells " something might have been up , suggesting Jackson and Timberlake may have planned ripping off the woman 's bustier , exposing her breast for nine-sixteenths of a second . The television networks say their scripted shows no longer air nudity , racy images or expletives , even after 10 p.m. , when some potentially vulgar words may be permitted . They worry , however , about unplanned , often spontaneous indecent or profane incidents at live events , such as awards shows and sporting events . Company officials say such programs are often on a five-second delay , and censors are on hand to bleep any offensive language . But some indecent words can slip through , they admit , and they want to be protected from heavy government fines . The "  wardrobe malfunction " case is FCC v. CBS Corp.  11-1240  .	NEW : Roberts : "  Any future ` wardrobe malfunctions ' will not be protected " by this ruling The Supreme Court erases the fine against CBS for the Super Bowl "  wardrobe malfunction " The incident involved Janet Jackson and the 2004 Super Bowl halftime show
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  After days of turmoil and talks of a coup in Yemen , the government and Houthi rebels reached a tentative deal Wednesday . The rebels have agreed to release the President 's chief of staff and withdraw their militias from key government institutions if officials take a significant step : rewriting parts of the country 's constitution , according to a Yemeni official with access to a draft text of the peace deal . Under the terms of the agreement , the government will accept changes in the draft of the new constitution that would grant the Houthis more political power . Word of the deal still leaves many questions unanswered : What could the reshaped constitution look like ? How much power will the rebels get ? And how much control will President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi have ? Houthi rebels -- Shiite Muslims who have long felt marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- abducted the President 's chief of staff over the weekend , then took over the presidential palace in Sanaa on Tuesday . One government minister called it "  the completion of a coup , " but rebels said they had not asked the president to step down . The chaos in Yemen is cause for concern far beyond the country 's borders . For the United States and its allies , Yemen 's government has been a key ally in the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the Yemen-based group linked to attacks such as the recent slaughter at French magazine Charlie Hebdo . AQAP also tried to blow up a plane landing in Detroit in 2009 . ISIS is also recruiting in Yemen to expand its ranks And questions over who 's in charge over the past few days have sparked concerns that a power vacuum could help terrorist groups get a stronger foothold . But the deal inked Wednesday could signal a return to stability , said Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni Embassy in Washington . "  The situation is fluid . It 's critical . The government was paralyzed . Parts of the government  were  dysfunctional , but we did not reach the point of no return , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " "  Things are difficult , but there are things that are moving forward . " Several of the constitutional changes sought by the Houthis would emphasize the characteristics of Yemen as a federal state and push for more inclusion of diverse groups . The Houthis call for marginalized political groups to have the right to partnerships in state institutions and fair representation , according to the text of the tentative agreement . In return for these government concessions , the rebels basically agree to withdraw their fighters from the capital . The rebels control or have blockaded several government installations : the presidential palace , the presidential residence , the Prime Minister 's residence and a military installation where missiles are housed . Under the agreement , the Houthis would withdraw from all of these sites . The rebels would cooperate with the government so that the President and state institutions can return to their duties and would urge all state employees to return to their jobs . A Houthi official said the rebels will abide by the deal if the President follows a timeline specified in the negotiations . "  This deal draws the road map for the political process going forward with the participation of all factions in Yemen . In the past , timelines were not respected , who hope this time will be different , " a member of the Houthi Political council said . This is n't the first time the rebels and the government have hammered out an agreement . Houthis swept into the capital last year , sparking battles that left more than 300 dead in a month . In September , they signed a ceasefire deal with the government , and Houthis have since installed themselves in key positions in the government and financial institutions . Like them or not , Albasha said , the Houthis are n't going anywhere and are part "  of the Yemeni political structure . " "  They are now a fact of life . They are now a dominant force in many of the northern provinces , " he said . "  We 're going to have to coexist and live with them . " For days , the answers to questions about who 's in charge of the country have varied , depending on who you ask . Even as rebel militiamen stepped up their presence outside the presidential palace , a Yemeni official told CNN the President does not consider himself a captive . The official said the Houthis were assisting Hadi 's security detail in their protection mission because part of the detail had "  run away yesterday because of the fighting . " A senior leader of the Houthi resistance movement , Abdullah Shabaan , gave a similar account . He told CNN that the "  President 's personal security left him , which forced us to gather hundreds of fighters from our security to ensure he is safe . " Summarizing the actual balance of power , the official said the Houthis ' demands were clear and "  nobody can hide that they are the dominant force , but they still recognize government power . " Besides the confusion about who is at the helm in Yemen , the rebels seized military installations it says it will return under the agreement . Two Houthi field commanders told CNN that rebels had seized control of a massive weapons depot belonging to the government brigade that provides presidential personal security . The Houthis had control of 280 T-80 Russian-made tanks and other heavy artillery , the field commanders said . While most of the security forces reportedly fled after a light clash with militants , the Houthis said they captured at least 12 special forces soldiers . On Wednesday , Houthi rebels surrounded a Yemeni missile brigade in Attan , a suburb east of Sanaa . The installation is not under control of the rebels , but they have it surrounded , the field commanders and two government officials said . The Houthis said their objective is not to take over the missile brigade but to keep missiles from being moved elsewhere . Seven things to know about Yemen CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Sanaa and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Josh Levs , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Salim Essaid and Wolf Blitzer contributed to this report .	Houthis to withdraw from government institutions in return for constitutional changes , source says "  We did not reach the point of no return . ... Things are moving forward , " Yemeni official says Official says President still considers himself to be in power , is still in his residence
CNN  -- The mayor of a small town in the state of Chihuahua in northern Mexico was found shot dead Tuesday , apparently among the latest victims in the fight against organized crime in the region . Hector Ariel Meixueiro Munoz , 53 , was mayor of Namiquipa , a small town in the state of Chihuahua . The body of Hector Ariel Meixueiro Munoz , 53 , mayor of Namiquipa , was found inside his SUV on the side of a road on the outskirts of the rural town of 20,000 , said Eduardo Esparza , spokesman for the attorney general in the state of Chihuahua . "  He was on his way to work in the morning , " said Esparza . "  We are still trying to confirm if there was a police escort with him at the time . " The incident has put other officials in the region on alert . Ciudad Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz told CNN during a phone interview that death threats are common in his town on the other side of the Rio Grande from El Paso , Texas . "  It 's very sad , " he said . "  This mayor was fighting crime , he had received several threats , but he was brave . Several of the mayors have received threats and we take them seriously . " Reyes Ferriz said the mayors of the state 's large cities have the resources to take sufficient precautions , but for the mayors of smaller towns like Namiquipa , such security is a luxury they often can not afford . The mayor of Juarez and his family are protected by a 24-hour security detail and are driven in bulletproof vehicles . "  Sadly , this has become part of the process in the fight to regain security in the cities , " Reyes Ferriz said . Asked whether he feared for his life or those of his family , he would not say . "  All the fears of a public servant are private , " he answered .	Hector Ariel Meixueiro Munoz , 53 , was mayor of Namiquipa in northern Mexico Fellow mayor : He "  was fighting crime , he had received several threats " Unlike mayors of bigger cities , mayors of smaller towns often ca n't afford security The incident has put other officials state of Chihuahua on alert
In 2012 , photographer Matika Wilbur sold everything in her Seattle apartment and hit the road on a cross-country journey . Her goal ? To photograph individuals from each of the 562 federally recognized Native American tribes in the United States and memorialize their stories . Since then , the number of federally recognized tribes has risen to 566 , and Wilbur is still crisscrossing the country , immersing herself in the worlds of Native Americans from Brooklyn to the far reaches of Alaska for her ongoing photo series , Project 562 . "  Stereotypes in the media reduce Indian country to the Plains Indian in a headdress , " said scholar Adrienne Keene , a member of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma whom Wilbur photographed for the series . "  Project 562  gives people an opportunity to see the diversity in Indian country and reframe what they think of when they think of Native Americans . " A selection of photos from Project 562 is on display at the Tacoma Art Museum in Washington through October 5 , with audio from Wilbur 's conversations with her subjects . Fans of the series say its timing could not be better . With mainstream America showing more support for efforts to end appropriation of Native American imagery in sports and fashion , they say Project 562 provides positive examples to fill the void . "  Having these counter-narratives and counter-representations to the stereotypes and negative portrayals we see in the media every day is really important for helping people understand contemporary Native Americans , " said Keene . The project is also building relationships in Indian country , cultivating bonds among Wilbur , the participants and also connecting them to elite institutions like the Tacoma Art Museum , Keene said . "  What she 's doing is not just photographing . She 's building relationships and bonds that are going to last far beyond the physical photographs . " Native American designers fight cultural caricatures ` The project is for the people ' Wilbur , whose first name means "  the messenger , " said the images allow Americans to see a diverse representation of a group they rarely see and hear from . They also highlight positive role models in Indian country for the next generation . "  The project is for the people , not just native people but everyone , " Wilbur said . "  I think that there are truths that remain untold and we can really learn a lot from one another . Hopefully it can inspire the next generation to seek that authenticity . " Questions around Native American identity are central to Project 562 . Wilbur asks each person 15 questions about their family history , self-determination , sovereignty and the future . Then she asks her subjects how and where they would like to be photographed and takes their portrait . Some wear traditional regalia and pose in sites relevant to their tribe 's history . Others stand on their porches in T-shirts and jeans , or on the roofs of buildings . Letting them decide is central to the project , Wilbur said . Participating in Project 562 was an opportunity for Keene to reflect on what being a "  contemporary Native American " meant to her . Wilbur and Keene knew each other before Project 562 through their efforts in a larger movement in Indian country to change negative perceptions of Native Americans . Keene , a Harvard-educated post-doctoral researcher at Brown University focusing on Native access to higher education , deconstructs stereotypes of Native Americans on her blog , Native Appropriations . Like Keene , Wilbur left Indian country to pursue higher education and spent part of her career in fashion photography before turning her camera on indigenous communities in South America and the United States . Taking Native American fashion ` Beyond Buckskin ' The two met in Keene 's apartment in downtown Phoenix in January , when Keene was writing her dissertation as a predoctoral fellow at Arizona State University . Keene told Wilbur about how her Cherokee ancestors were forced from their ancestral lands in western North Carolina to Oklahoma . They lived in Oklahoma until they were displaced by the construction of a river . It was not until Keene was working on her dissertation at Harvard that she visited her ancestral land in North Carolina for the first time . She said it was a powerful experience she 'll never forget . "  We talked about how to me , being a real Cherokee means I can go to those places and feel a connection with the land and know my ancestors stood there thousands of years ago , " she said . "  This is something that runs through me , and that connection makes me a real Cherokee person , being able to say that with full authority and full knowledge . I had n't felt it until I was there . " Creating a legacy for Native youth The concept of identity is fluid from person to person and generation to generation , Wilbur said . Some Native Americans lost their language and traditions through assimilation in American Indian boarding schools . Others are fighting for federal recognition of their tribes under the vast regulatory criteria of the U.S. Department of the Interior 's Bureau of Indian Affairs . The project has prompted her to ponder what being a Native American will mean for future generations . Code talker Chester Nez and the tragic history of native language "  I 've recently come to recognize that it really is about the actions , the way we choose to live our lives on a daily basis , is  what 's  really going to control the outcome of what happens to our people , " Wilbur explained . She has high hopes for Project 562 's legacy . This year , a second Kickstarter campaign surpassed her $ 54,000 goal , to raise more than $ 213,000 . She 's using the money to continue traveling and plan the next iteration of Project 562 as books , websites , maybe even educational materials . "  The life we live is for the people , " Wilbur said . "  That 's what I was raised for , to find my gift and share it with the community . "	Matika Wilbur began touring the country in 2012 to photograph Native Americans Those images , Project 562 , show the diversity of Native American identity Project 562 is on display at the Tacoma Art Museum until October 2014 Wilbur hopes to turn the images into books and websites that share native culture
CNN  -- The exhumation of three bodies from a Florentine crypt may have brought Italian researchers a step closer to confirming the identity of the woman believed to be the subject of Leonardo da Vinci 's famous "  Mona Lisa " painting , also known as "  La Gioconda . " "  La Gioconda " refers to Lisa Gherardini , the second wife of a Florentine silk merchant , Francesco del Giocondo . The remains of del Giocondo , his son by Gherardini -- Piero -- and Gherardini 's stepson Bartolomeo have been uncovered in their family crypt , the authority of Florence has announced . A team led by Silvano Vinceti accessed the remains beneath the Chapel of the Holy Martyrs , in Florence on August 6 , it said in a statement . Last year , Vinceti 's team exhumed the remains of eight women from the ruins of a Franciscan convent in Florence where old city records said Gherardini had been buried . A laboratory at the University of Bologna had established that three of the skeletons at the St. Ursula convent were consistent with the age at which Gherardini had died , the statement said . Further carbon testing to establish which of those skeletons dated from the 16th century -- when Gherardini died -- was being carried out at the University of Salento , it quoted Vinceti as saying . If DNA taken from the del Giocondo family remains matched one of the skeletons found in the convent ruins , the skeleton could be confirmed as Gherardini 's , he said . Scientists could then reconstruct Gherardini 's face and compare it to da Vinci 's mysterious portrait . Talking to CNN 's Ben Wedeman when the convent skeletons were found last year , Vinceti said the reconstruction would have a margin of error of just 2 to 8 % -- once researchers factored in that Gherardini had probably been in her early 20s when she posed for da Vinci . Read more : Researchers hope to uncover who 's behind ` Mona Lisa ' smile Vinceti told Wedeman he was certain that da Vinci had been commissioned to paint a portrait of Gherardini but could not be sure that the "  Mona Lisa " was of her , or just contained some of her features . For starters , the famous smile was not Gherardini 's , he said . Analysis of the "  Mona Lisa " had shown that "  when Leonardo began painting the model in front of him , he did not draw that metaphysical , ironic , poignant , elusive smile , but rather he painted a person who was dark and depressed . " A reconstruction would finally answer the question art historians had been unable to resolve , Vinceti said : "  Who was the model for Leonardo ? " Read more : Da Vinci 's lost masterpiece may be found	Remains of relatives of the woman believed to be the "  Mona Lisa " model have been found Researchers plan to check their DNA against the DNA of a skeleton found at her burial site If there is a match , they will reconstruct the skeleton 's face and compare it to the portrait
CNN  -- An ancient race that lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert may have been among the first to use cannabis for medical or religious purposes . Researchers believe an ancient Gushi shaman may have consumed or burned pot for medical or religious purposes . Nearly two pounds of the plant was found stashed in the tomb of a Gushi shaman . It was high in the chemical compounds that provide its psychoactive properties . "  It had evidence of the chemical attributes of cannabis used as a drug , " said Dr. Ethan Russo , an author of a study published in the Journal of Experimental Botany . "  It could have been for pain control . It could have been for other medicinal properties . It could have been used as an aid to divination . " The Gushi people were a Caucasian race with light hair and blue eyes who likely migrated thousands of years ago from the steppes of Russia to what is now China . A nomadic people , they were accomplished horsemen and archers . Chinese archaeologists excavating a network of 2,500 tombs near the town of Turpan in the Xinjiang-Uighur Autonomous Region unearthed the shaman 's grave , which contained the cannabis , along with a trove of artifacts such as bridles , archery equipment and a rare harp . The shaman is thought to have been about 45 years old when he died . Many of the bodies recovered in the area were found in an incredibly well-preserved , almost mummified condition . The shaman , however , was a skeleton . "  The deceased was laid out on the bottom of this tomb on a little bier , " Russo said . "  This individual seemed to be very high status because of the variety and quality of the grave goods , including the equestrian equipment , the archery equipment and the large amount of cannabis . " Russo said no pipe for smoking the cannabis was found in the shaman 's tomb . Researchers think he might have eaten the cannabis or possibly put it on a burning fire to create fumes . They do n't think it was used to make hemp clothing or rope , as some other early cultures did . Genetic analysis of the plant suggests it was cultivated rather than gathered from the wild . This find is not the first or the oldest example of ancient people using cannabis , but it may be the best studied . "  There may have been older finds of cannabis , but not with this level of scientific investigation attached to them , " Russo said .	About two pounds of potent cannabis found stashed in Gushi shaman 's tomb The Gushi were horsemen and archers who lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert Archaeologists found shaman among 2,500 tombs of mummies , bridles , rare harp No pipe in grave , leading researchers to surmise shaman ate or burned cannabis
CNN  -- As Bradley Manning thinks about his 35-year prison sentence , he likely may be contemplating the availability of treatment for his gender identity disorder while in federal custody . Prisoners with GID are hardly a new phenomenon . Many prisoners before Manning have legally sought the right to become the gender they believe they should be through various means : cross-gender hormones , cross-dressing , and sex-reassignment surgery . The question with prisoners becomes whether the state must provide the desired hormones or sex-reassignment surgery . The United States Supreme Court has held that prisoners are entitled to medical care that meets minimal standards of adequacy . But when prison officials refuse to provide certain medical services , a prisoner must establish that state officials are deliberately indifferent to "  serious medical needs " and therefore are in violation of the Eighth Amendment 's ban against "  cruel and unusual punishment . " The application of the Eighth Amendment to prisoners is a relatively new concept . The Supreme Court first addressed the issue in 1976 , but in doing so established that deliberate indifference to serious medical needs of prisoners constitutes the "  unnecessary and wanton infliction of pain , " which is covered by the Eighth Amendment 's proscription against cruel and unusual punishment . So what constitutes "  serious medical needs " ? Courts have held that these can be conditions diagnosed by a physician as requiring treatment . However , courts have also held that the prisoner need not receive "  ideal care " or "  the care of his choice . " Instead , prison officials have some authority to choose among different treatments . The issue with GID then becomes this : Is it possible that the only appropriate medical treatment for patients  prisoners and civilians alike  with GID is either hormone therapy , or , more drastically , sex-reassignment surgery ? Generally , if a treatment is "  medically necessary , " it will be provided to prisoners . Several medical authorities have stated that in some cases , sex-reassignment surgery is a "  medically necessary " treatment for some individuals with GID . Medical authorities say that severe emotional distress is the result of untreated GID . That distress can lead to self-mutilation and possibly suicide . Certainly some members of the public will ask the question : "  Is n't prison supposed to be unpleasant ? " Even more ardent opponents might pose the hypothetical : "  If medicine recognizes ` prison-a-phobia '  a fear of incarceration  , and the only accepted treatment is release from prison , is an afflicted prisoner constitutionally entitled to release from prison , as medically necessary treatment to which he is entitled ? " One could also argue that such arguments stretch the logic to an absurd -- and inapplicable -- extreme . For prisoners who claim they are entitled to either surgery or hormone treatment under the Eighth Amendment , the issue is even thornier : Does a failure to provide cross-gender hormones or sex-reassignment surgery constitute deliberate indifference to a serious medical need ? If so , prisoners could be constitutionally entitled to either or both . In 2012 , a federal district court in Massachusetts held , in a groundbreaking opinion , that prison officials violated the Eighth Amendment by refusing to provide a prisoner sex-reassignment surgery . Even more fascinating , in the same case , Kosilek v. Spencer , the state was already providing feminizing hormones to the prisoner , but the court deemed this constitutionally inadequate treatment . How did the federal court arrive at this decision ? First , it reviewed medical literature , which provided that , in certain cases , sex-reassignment surgery is the only treatment for GID . That literature included the World Professional Association for Transgender Health 's "  Standards of Care for the Health of Transsexual , Transgender , and Gender Nonconforming People . " Those standards provide that in persons with profound GID , "  sex reassignment surgery ... is medically indicated and medically necessary . " The standards also provide that such surgery is not "  elective " or "  optional " in any meaningful sense . Once the court established that medical necessity , there was little to prevent prisoner Michelle  formerly Robert  Kosilek from making his case . The court concluded that Kosilek had a serious medical need ; that sex reassignment surgery was the only adequate treatment for it ; and that the Department of Corrections was aware of his "  suffering serious harm ... if not provided such surgery . " By this logic , Kosilek successfully established an Eighth Amendment violation , and the court ordered his sex-reassignment surgery "  forthwith " -- legalese for "  right away . " Courts since Kosilek have arrived at different conclusions . Society may ultimately reject this logic in the case of prisoners . For example , a prisoner with appendicitis would be entitled to a "  medically necessary " appendectomy . Why ? Because the consequences of this appendicitis , left untreated , include a very real risk of death . There is no risk of death , or even serious bodily harm  other than self-inflicted  in the case of untreated GID . The benefits are largely mental , emotional , and/or spiritual , and that 's why it will be unpopular : Most civilians may not consider the peace of mind of our nation 's incarcerated criminals -- at the cost of their tax dollars -- "  medically necessary . " So what will Bradley Manning 's options be ? Will he be entitled to sexual hormone therapy , or sex-reassignment surgery ? Will he have the right to have the federal government  i.e. , taxpayers  fund this treatment ? The answer will turn on whether federal courts will choose to follow the logic of the Kosilek court , and hold that the government 's refusal to allow and pay for sex-reassignment surgery for prisoners with GID constitutes "  cruel and unusual punishment . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	Danny Cevallos : Bradley Manning case may test law on gender identity change in prison A federal court ruled that prisoners must be granted care for gender change Cevallos : The test is whether denial of care amounts to "  cruel and unusual punishment " He says other courts have differed on the issue ; the law is not fully settled
CNN Student News  -- August 26 , 2014 From the middle of the African continent to the Middle East to the middle of a New York river , today 's edition of CNN Student News takes you around the world . We 'll tell you what a new report says about teenagers and sleep . And we 'll deliver a Character Study and a random fact about a day in history when there was nothing to report . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call !
CNN  -- A cargo ship seized by Somali pirates off the coast of Kenya was freed Monday after one day under siege , and the German-based Beluga Shipping company said its crew of 16 was unharmed . The pirates were thwarted after the crew of the MV Beluga Fortune locked themselves in a panic room and switched off the main engine , cut off the fuel supply , blocked the bridge and reported the Indian Ocean attack to military forces , said Niels Stolberg , president and CEO of Beluga Shipping GmbH . The pirates , seeking a million-dollar ransom , were unable to maintain control of the vessel , and naval forces were able to come to the rescue , Stolberg said in a statement . The vessel continued its journey to Richards Bay , South Africa . "  The excellent behavior of our colleagues on board made such a swift and happy ending of the capture possible , " Stolberg said .	The vessel MV Beluga Fortune was held captive for one day Crew locked themselves in a panic room , shipping firm CEO says Naval forces come to rescue as crew of 16 unharmed
CNN  -- Norwegian marathon runner Grete Waitz , winner of a record nine New York City marathons , has died at the age of 57 following a six-year fight with cancer . Waitz , who had been undergoing treatment for cancer since 2005 , died overnight on Tuesday in hospital in Norway 's capital Oslo , according to Helle Aanesen , co-founder of Waitz 's Active Against Cancer Foundation . She won her first New York title in 1978 setting a world record time of two hours , 32 minutes and 30 seconds . The last of her nine wins -- more than any other athlete , male or female , at the event -- came in 1988 , by which time she had also won the London marathon twice  1983 and 1986  . Waitz took marathon gold at the inaugural world athletics championships at Helsinki in 1983 and picked up the silver medal at the Los Angeles Olympics the following year . International Association of Athletics Federations  IAAF  president Lamine Diack described Waitz as "  one of the brightest flames of the modern athletics era , " AFP reported . "  The dedication , perseverance and fortitude with which Grete carved out her athletics career on the track , across the country and on the road is an example to us all , as is the positive way she tackled the illness that beset her life in recent years , " he said , AFP reported . Waitz 's talents extended to other distances as well . She won the world cross-country title five times and twice broke the 3,000 meter world record -- in 1975 and 1976 . In her native Norway she won a total of 33 national championships across a range of distances . Svein Arne Hansen , head of the Norwegian athletics federation called her "  the greatest Norwegian athlete of all times " and "  a model for women 's sport , " AFP reported .	Marathon great , Grete Waitz dies of cancer aged 57 Norwegian runner won a record nine New York City marathons and two London marathons Waitz won the gold medal at the world athletics championships in Helsinki in 1983
Washington  CNN  -- While House Speaker John Boehner is n't overtly ruling out picking a fight with President Barack Obama over a spending bill , he is laying out an alternative strategy to avoid a government shutdown . During a closed door meeting on Wednesday with House Republicans , Boehner tried to "  gently hold members ' hands and walk them away from this , " said one GOP source who was in the room . The debate is about whether Republicans should attach a measure to defund Obamacare to a must-pass spending bill . The government runs out of money on September 30 , the end of the fiscal year . Gamesmanship intensifies ahead of congressional recess Some conservatives are pushing hard for a confrontation with the Obama administration over the issue , but other GOP members warn it could backfire , and place blame squarely on Republicans if the government shuts down . Boehner and top House Republicans leaders mapped out a plan with their members on Wednesday to spend the five-week August recess touting what they 've done to chip away at Obamacare so far and to emphasize the issue will be a major focus this fall . "  We 've got a strategy , " Boehner told House Republicans at their last meeting before the summer break , according to another GOP source in the meeting , adding that the Republican effort over July to delay key provisions of Obamacare has "  arguably been the most important moment in the three years since the law was signed . " A summary of the plan provided by two GOP sources describes following up on earlier votes to delay Obamacare with more votes -- "  a series of well-placed targeted strikes that will ultimately dissolve the Obamacare coalition and topple the president 's train wreck of a law , " says the plan . Opinion : Explain Obamacare at last Boehner promised his colleagues more of those votes though he did n't specifically comment on the push to strip Obamacare funding as part of any stopgap spending bill . But he urged members to stick together and said , "  This strategy is achievable . And it 's our best shot at actually getting rid of Obamacare . Executing this strategy does n't mean we ca n't do other things on Obamacare as well . This is designed to be a strategy we can build on . " House Republican aides recognize that there will be increased pressure on Boehner and other GOP leaders to force a standoff with the president at the end of September over funding for his signature health care law . Several conservative senators popular with the GOP base - including Marco Rubio of Florida , Ted Cruz of Texas , and Rand Paul of Kentucky -- and a bloc of about 71 House Republicans are saying they will refuse to vote for a measure that funds the government if it continues to fund Obamacare . There is little enthusiasm for that approach by other Republican senators . Oklahoma Republican Rep Tom Cole acknowledged there is a division among congressional Republicans on the strategy , but predicted many of his colleagues would ultimately decide that threatening a government shutdown was a bad course of action for the party . "  When people really start to think about the consequences of shutting down the entire federal government and inconveniencing and harming , quite frankly , millions of Americans -- millions out of work , tens of millions denied services they need -- you change the debate from Obamacare to the government shutdown . That 's just not a good strategy , " Cole told reporters after the meeting . Source : Obama was ` rude and dismissive ' in exchange with Democrat Among the party 's loyal supporters outside Congress there is still an intense focus on using every means necessary to stop the health care law from going into place . A coalition of 50 outside conservative groups including the Heritage Action Fund , the Club for Growth , and Americans for Tax Reform sent a letter to Boehner and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor demanding they pass a bill to fund the government but not allow any money for Obamacare . "  The best and last chance for House Republicans to stand up and thwart this law before its new entitlements kick in is during the upcoming funding debate , and the House should live up to the moment and pass a bill funding the government but denying any funding for Obamacare , " the letter states . Heritage Action announced Wednesday it is organizing a series of town hall meetings in nine cities across the country to urge the public to pressure lawmakers to support the effort . While these groups ratchet up the pressure , several Republican aides say they do n't have a good answer for GOP members on what the next step would be . Even if the House decided to combine an Obamacare defunding provision with a spending bill the Democratic-led Senate wo n't pass it , so the question remains on what leverage if any House Republicans would have . "  They have no answer -- that 's telling , " one senior GOP aide told CNN , adding what Boehner and others laid out is "  a strategy that 's showing results -- getting Democrats to vote for bills . " The skirmish inside the GOP is simmering now , but is sure to heat up as Heritage and other groups press Boehner and other leaders over the August recess . It will hit full boil when the House returns in September and is only scheduled to be in session nine days before government funding runs out at the end of the month . John King : Obama trying to get upper hand in looming showdown But multiple House Republican aides say they are hopeful that they can move members to support a so-called "  clean " short-term funding measure -- without any provisions on policy issues -- at a level negotiated in the 2011 budget agreement . Republicans want that bill to come in at a funding level that takes into account the forced spending cuts put in place by the sequester , but Democrats are saying they want the spending level to be higher , at the level without those cuts . GOP aides believe Democrats could be open to signing on so that both sides can punt the debate over how to deal with those across the board spending cuts into the late fall when broader budget negotiations will take place around a vote to raise the nation 's debt limit . Boehner 's office is sending members home for the recess with talking points on the "  strategy to end Obamacare " along with a PowerPoint presentation . These describe the plan to hold more Obamacare votes designed to pick off Democratic support for the law , step up oversight about the administration 's implementation of the law and ramp up communications efforts around the issue . Mindful of the tense divisions and appetite from the Republican base for a high-profile fight about Obamacare , Boehner will continue to say publicly that all options are on the table . After the meeting he repeated his public position to reporters , saying , "  We 've made no decisions about how we 're going to proceed " on the funding bill . Boehner throws polling punch on president	Republicans debate whether to link Obamacare defunding to spending bill Some conservatives push hard for a fall confrontation with with President Obama Other GOP members warn it could backfire if budget skirmmish results in government shutdown House Speaker John Boehner walking fine line in meetings with GOP caucus
More than 1.7 million children in conflict-torn areas of eastern Ukraine face an "  extremely serious " situation , the U.N. children 's agency has warned , with their suffering exacerbated by harsh winter weather . Many families have been forced from their homes and lack access to safe water , sanitation and schooling . "  Children continue to bear the brunt of this conflict , with schooling disrupted and access to basic services limited , " said Marie-Pierre Poirier , Unicef regional director for Central and Eastern Europe and Central Asia . She called for extra resources to be provided to those in need . "  Extremely harsh winter conditions have made the impact of the crisis more acute , " she said . Government forces and pro-Russia rebels have been battling for control of eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions since April , after Russia annexed Ukraine 's southeastern Crimea region the previous month . According to a Unicef press release Friday , 147 schools have been closed in parts of the Donetsk region where fighting is ongoing , disrupting the education of about 50,000 children since September 1 . While some schools are in ruins , others are closed because of safety concerns . In government-controlled areas , 187 educational institutions in total have been damaged or destroyed , Unicef said . The closures mean that besides lessons , children are missing out on the stability and routine that can be provided by school at a time of crisis , helping to alleviate their stress , the agency said . More than 1 million displaced It 's not just those still living in conflict areas who are affected . Since March , more than 1 million people have been displaced by the fighting , including nearly 530,000 within Ukraine . Of those , at least 130,000 are children , according to Unicef . In many cases they are not attending a new school because their parents have not registered them , anticipating further displacement or planning to return home . Unicef says it needs $ 32.4 million to meet the urgent humanitarian needs of 600,000 children and their families in Ukraine . The funds would help provide access to schooling ; enable support to reduce children 's high levels of stress ; pay for polio vaccines ; and ensure 250,000 children and women get safe water and hygiene supplies to prevent outbreaks of disease . The agency has received $ 9.4 million in funding and pledges to date . Amid the fighting , at least 44 children have been killed in Ukraine this year , according to the agency . Pressure on Moscow While Ukraine 's civilian population suffers , there is little sign of progress in reaching a diplomatic resolution to the crisis . Western powers accuse Russia of sending troops and equipment to help the separatists in their fight against Ukrainian government forces and have imposed repeated rounds of economic sanctions against Russian interests in a bid to put pressure on Moscow . But President Vladimir Putin appears to have little appetite to repair relations with the West , despite his country 's tanking economy . Putin told reporters gathered in Moscow on Thursday that his country was ready to mediate in the Ukraine crisis . He also denied that Russians killed in Ukraine were members of his country 's military , repeating the long-standing Russian line that any Russians fighting in Ukraine were volunteers . A ceasefire deal was reached September 5 in Minsk , Belarus , after talks between representatives of Ukraine 's government , Russia and rebel leaders in eastern Ukraine . A subsequent agreement on September 19 in Minsk set out more measures . But fighting in Ukraine has since resumed , with a British security official last month telling CNN that the conflict had returned to levels that preceded the ceasefire . Military spokesman Andriy Lysenko said during a televised briefing Friday that five Ukrainian soldiers had been killed and seven wounded in the past 24 hours . Militants , including snipers , fired on Ukrainian positions using rifles and small arms , said Lysenko .	Unicef : More than 1.7 million children in Ukraine face "  extremely serious " situation Many families are without safe water , sanitation and access to schooling , U.N. agency says 147 schools are currently closed in parts of the Donetsk region where fighting continues "  Harsh winter conditions have made the impact of the crisis more acute , " says Unicef official
CNN  -- From Cape Desolation and Bong Bong to Lake Disappointment and Woolloomooloo , Australia is no stranger to bleak , odd or evocative place names . Towns like Come By Chance , Home Rule and Wattanobi are perfectly normal within the Australian context -- and locals use them without thinking -- but the country 's Geographical Names Board has proposed tightening the regulations on naming places . Local favorites like Curly Dick Road -- a place name in Meadow Flat in New South Wales which is stoutly defended by locals -- would likely remain , but those that could be considered offensive , such as Titswobble Drive , may be candidates for a future name cull . "  We do n't want to stop Australia 's tradition of weird and wonderful place names , " Geographical Names Board deputy chairman Paul Harcombe told CNN . "  We will consider anything as long as it 's not commercial or offensive . "  We realize that working street names like Curly Dick Road get a bit of a giggle , but provided they 're not offensive we wo n't go back and change them . " He said some of the more colorful suggestions from local councils for streets in new developments were often rejected for practical reasons . A council in the New South Wales town of Cowra wanted to name a street .303 , after the ammunition , to recall the town 's military history . "  But can you imagine being part of emergency services and being called to number 33 , 303 Street ? It 's simply not workable , " Harcombe said . "  What we want is a unique name for every address in Australia -- we often get proposals that list a Railway Street North , a Railway Street South and a Railway Parade all within close proximity of each other . "  This is the sort of thing we want to avoid , " he said . He said that under the proposals , existing place names would be safe for the time being but the board would consider applications to rename streets if there were compelling circumstances . The guidelines outline which new place names would be accepted by the board -- those with Aboriginal or multicultural origins are favored . He said the board often considered proposals to restore Aboriginal place names and had two official names for many well-known places such as Mt. Warning , which is also called Wollumbin . Aboriginal place names were particularly sensitive , however , especially if they marked known massacre sites . "  We had a problem with a place called Waterloo Creek which was named after a very one-sided massacre of Aboriginal people at the site , " Harcombe said . "  In the end , the local Aboriginal council decided it was better to have the massacre site marked . There are some things you ca n't expunge from history . " Under the proposed guidelines , places and roads named after living people , or those holding public office , are to be avoided because "  community attitudes and opinions change over time . " He cited the example of Alan Bond Place in Marsfield , named after the man who backed Australia 's winning America 's Cup team in the late 80s but went on to be jailed for fraud . Cliches , too , are being weeded out and the board said it would prefer names that avoid repetition . For that reason , Sugar Loaf , Sandy , Back , Bald , Deep , Long , Kangaroo , Reedy , Rocky , Spring and Stony -- staples of many Australian towns -- have been placed on the "  avoid " list . The regulations are not likely to please punctuation pedants , however , with the board saying it would eliminate apostrophes -- they 've already been eliminated from places including Howes Valley -- and retain names that have been corrupted by long-established usage . Australia 's most famous example of this is its highest peak Mt. Kosciuszko . Named after the Polish national hero Tadeusz Kosciuszko in 1840 , the Geographical Names Board only reverted to the correct spelling  it was previously spelt Kosciusko  in 1997 . Despite this , Australians still pronounce the name as "  koz-i-os-go . " The traditional Polish pronunciation of "  kozh-tshush-ko " is almost never used . Harcombe said the missing ` z ' from Kosciuszko had been particularly controversial , drawing representation from the Polish community in Australia , the Polish ambassador and even the Vatican . "  Kosciuszko is a national hero in Poland . It was described to me as leaving the ` j' out of Banjo Paterson , " Harcombe said , referring to one of Australia 's national poets .	Australia 's Geographical Names Board proposes tightening rules Names considered offensive , like Titswobble Drive , could be changed Some proposals are rejected for practical reasons , others are just strange Board has moved to simplify names but removing some apostrophes
London  CNN  -- Their crime was one of shocking brutality . Michael Adebolajo and Michael Adebowale first ran down soldier Lee Rigby in a car , then hacked him to death in a frenzied machete and knife attack . Confronted with gory closed-circuit TV footage , grueling witness testimony and Adebolajo 's own defense that he had "  no choice " in Rigby 's killing , as he was "  a soldier of Allah , " the jury took only 90 minutes to convict both defendants of his murder . They were cleared of the attempted murder of a police officer . But what led Adebolajo , 29 , and Adebowale , 22 , both born and raised in Britain by families of Christian Nigerian origin , to kill on London 's streets in the name of Islam ? There seems to be no simple answer to that question . Adebolajo was the only one to give evidence in court . He denied the charges of murder and attempted murder of a police officer , on the grounds that he had acted from religious conviction . He converted to Islam in 2002 to 2003 , while at a university , and adopted an Islamic name , Mujahid Abu Hamza . "  I am a soldier of Allah , " he told the jury . "  It is a war between Islam and those militaries that intervene in Muslim lands . " Adebowale , who did not take the stand , converted to Islam more recently , in 2008 to 2009 . A closer look at their backgrounds reveals that both were already known to police and that both showed earlier signs of radicalization . In a news briefing , Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Cressida Dick said police had had contact with the two men , as both victims and offenders , over a number of years -- in Adebowale 's case for drug offenses , and in Adebolajo 's case for a handful of incidents involving violent crime . Both were at a demonstration in 2006 outside the Old Bailey in London . Adebolajo was subsequently convicted on two counts of assaulting a police officer and spent 51 days in prison , but Adebowale was not arrested . Adebolajo still pleads innocence in that case , denying he punched a female officer in the face and a male officer in the groin . Both men also participated in a protest in 2012 . On the witness stand , Adebolajo said he attended demonstrations but was not specific , describing them as a way "  to let off steam . " Extremism trigger ` difficult to pinpoint ' He said he had listened to speeches by Anjem Choudary , a controversial British Muslim cleric , but did not agree with him . "  I think he is a good man , however he encourages his followers that jihad in this country is not allowed at this moment , " he said . Adebolajo said that he had tried to travel to Somalia in 2010 because he wanted to live under Sharia law but that he was stopped by Kenyan authorities and returned to the UK . After that , he reportedly had frequent contact with MI5 , the UK domestic security agency . Despite these incidents , what might have pushed them over the edge into violent extremism is "  very difficult to pinpoint , " Dick said . While Adebolajo "  talks about grievances in foreign policy , " Dick said , authorities do n't know where he got his radical views . Little extremist material was presented to the court as evidence , although materials on "  martyrdom " were found in Adebowale 's home in Greenwich , southeast London . Dick , who watched tapes of police interviews with Adebowale , described a "  troubled young man " who "  was very changeable , emotional and many times very aggressive . He did spit at officers and several times this required restraint . " There were some indications that Adebowale was associated with a street gang in 2008 , she said . Adebolajo : ' I was disgusted ' Asked in court what he thought of al Qaeda , Adebolajo said : "  I love them and I consider them my brothers in Islam . " Adebolajo also told jurors he was against British foreign policy but did not believe his Islamic views led him onto the path he had taken . "  Even before I became Muslim , I did not agree with foreign policy , " he said , then describing an early memory of watching the Iraq war on television . " ` Operation Shock and Awe ' -- I saw it unfold on BBC and CNN what not , and I was disgusted , you know . It was reported as if it was praiseworthy , " he said . "  I knew that every one of those bombs was killing someone . I was disgusted . " Adebolajo , who is married with six children , said in his police interview , shown in court , that he did n't like blood . He maintained that he posed no threat to civilians , only to the British military because of its actions overseas . He tried to cut Rigby 's head off because it was the proper method under Allah , he said . "  It brings me little joy to approach anybody and slay them . Can you believe me ? I am not a man who gains enjoyment from watching horror films , " he said . His defense lawyer , David Gottlieb , sought to define Adebolajo in his closing argument as a man who was "  motivated by a noble idea " rather than being a psychopathic murderer . His client was intelligent and totally sincere in his beliefs , and had shown "  absolute honesty and moral conviction , " Gottlieb said . "  He did what he did because it was divinely ordained , " he said , adding that he considered Adebolajo should have been charged with treason or terrorism rather than murder . The defense lawyer for Adebowale , Abbas Lakha , echoed the argument that the men intended to kill a British soldier because they were soldiers of Allah , and that this was not the same as intent to murder . The testimony heard in court suggested neither man expected to live after the attack . Both defendants intended to make police feel threatened because they wanted to be shot , Lakha said . He said a note that Adebolajo handed to a bystander at the time of the attack was a joint missive , and it could be regarded as a suicide note , since part of it read "  If I live beyond this day . ... " Paramedics who treated Adebolajo after he was shot in the arm by police said that he told them : "  Your government is all wrong . I did it for my God . I wish the bullets had killed me so I can join my friends and family . "  This arm belongs to Allah , and you can do what you want with it . " Police : ` It 's a complicated story ' Critics may ask why these two men , given that they were known to the police , were not monitored more closely -- and so perhaps prevented from committing Rigby 's murder . Many in Britain will also want to know whether Adebolajo and Adebowale were operating alone , and whether a continued threat exists . With those questions in mind , the parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee is reviewing what was known about them before the attack . The two men attended mosques across the capital but , Dick said , police "  are not aware of anyone else being aware of what was going to take place . We are not aware of anyone else engaged in the planning of this attack . " She said the two men "  were in different parts of London , with different people , exposed to a variety of extremists . " She suggested those hoping for all the answers are likely to be disappointed . "  We may never know the full picture , " she said . "  I do n't mean to trivialize this , but becoming radicalized is not like becoming pregnant . Having contact with extremists is a theme . But it 's a complicated story . " Asked about the risk of other "  lone wolf " attacks , Dick said the Metropolitan Police "  have a very good record at stopping attacks , " citing other terror trials held this year . "  But , sadly , " she said , "  our ability to reduce the risk to zero is not there . " CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Police briefing reveals Adebolajo and Adebowale were previously known to police Senior police officer says it 's not easy to pinpoint how they were radicalized Both men converted to Islam after growing up in Christian Nigerian families Adebolajo said he was disgusted by UK foreign policy before he converted to Islam
CNN  -- The president of Spain 's Catalonia region , Artur Mas , signed a decree on Saturday setting November 9 as the date for a referendum on independence . However , the federal government in Madrid is staunchly opposed to any such referendum and says it is unconstitutional , setting the stage for legal and political confrontation and potential civil disobedience . The holding of Scotland 's independence referendum earlier this month buoyed other separatist movements around the world , despite Scottish voters opting to remain part of the United Kingdom . Mas , at the signing ceremony in Barcelona , said that Catalonia wants to speak , wants to be heard and wants to vote . On September 11 , Catalan national day , hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets of Barcelona for the third year running demanding a vote on independence be held . But Madrid argues that Catalonia , which represents one fifth of Spain 's economy , already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . And it insists that the Spanish Constitution does not allow any of Spain 's 17 regions to unilaterally break away . The government in Madrid is expected to try to block the vote in Spain 's constitutional court . If the court accepts the case , as is widely expected , it would automatically suspend the vote -- leaving Catalonia to decide whether to try to go ahead with it . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy , speaking at a news conference earlier this month , dismissed any idea of the referendum taking place . "  Quite simply , it is not legal so wo n't be held , " he said . "  In addition to not being legal , it goes against our whole history and our feelings , against what the vast majority of the Spanish people think , against our past and against the future of the Spanish people that live in Catalonia and in the rest of Spain . " Earlier this month , one of Catalonia 's key political figures , Oriel Junqueras , leader of the Esquerra Republicana -- or Republican Left -- party , said if the government in Madrid were to block citizens ' exercising their "  fundamental right " to vote , there could be a need for civil disobedience . Those in the crowd in Barcelona earlier this month said that if Madrid blocked the referendum , people should still deposit their ballots . A long list of grievances against Madrid center on taxation and language issues . A referendum is expected to ask a two-part question : "  Should Catalonia be a state ? " And those who vote yes to that can then go to vote on the second question : "  Should that state be independent ? " Polls indicate that a majority of Catalans want to have a chance to vote but that less than a majority would vote for independence , given the chance . Those calling for independence in Barcelona earlier this month did not represent all the region 's 7.5 million people . A smaller gathering of several thousand took to the streets the same day in Catalonia 's second largest city , Tarragona , calling for the region to remain a part of Spain . One of those protesters told CNN : "  The reason we want to remain a part of Spain , is because we are a part of Spain . " CNN 's Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	Catalan President Artur Mas sets November 9 as the date for an independence referendum The federal government in Madrid is firmly opposed to any such vote taking place Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators called earlier this month for a vote to be held But opinion polls suggest that less than a majority would opt for a split from Spain
Washington  CNN  -- Several key U.S. senators on Wednesday tore into private contractors working in Afghanistan for the company formerly known as Blackwater , accusing them of flouting regulations and endangering the U.S. mission . One of the keys to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan is the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people , many of whom do not distinguish between U.S. contractors and the U.S. military , Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said during a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing . A top executive at Xe Services , the new name for Blackwater , acknowledged past mistakes on the part of the company 's contractors . He asserted in testimony before the committee that the company is now "  reformed " and operates "  with a different approach . " Levin , the chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said that if the United States is going to win the war in Afghanistan , "  we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened , supervised , and held accountable -- because in the end the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions . " He also warned that "  if we do n't fix the problems of oversight and make sure contractors like Blackwater play by the rules and live up to their commitments -- we 'll be doing a disservice to our troops by making their already difficult and dangerous job even more so . " Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , said the U.S. mission is experiencing setbacks because of the lack of oversight of military contractors . "  We have two sets of rules and one image , " she said . Until that changes , "  we 're going to continue to be stalled on progress in terms of accomplishing this mission . " The committee 's top Republican , Arizona Sen. John McCain , agreed with Levin 's and McCaskill 's assessment . "  Given the stakes and the primary focus of our counterinsurgency strategy to protect the Afghan people , we must not tolerate gross misbehavior or criminal misconduct by individual civilian contractor employees , " McCain said . "  We can not afford to tolerate lax oversight by the government entities directly responsible for policing these companies and civilian employees in Afghanistan . " Though more than 100,000 contractors operate for a variety of contractors in Afghanistan , the senators singled out Paravant , a company with "  no meaningful distinction " from Xe Services , Levin said . Levin cited a December 9 , 2008 , shooting at the U.S. military 's range at Camp Darulaman during which a Paravant program manager carrying an AK-47 got on the back of a moving car , then shot and wounded a Paravant trainer on his team when the car hit a bump , Levin said . Though the program manager lost his job , the others on his team who allowed his activities did not , he said . Combined Security Transition Command-Afghanistan , a multinational military formation that trains the Afghan National Army , did not appear to have investigated the incident , he said . Had it done so , the U.S. Army "  would have seen that Paravant personnel were using weapons improperly and unsafely , with inadequate supervision , and that they were carrying weapons that they were n't even supposed to have , " according to Levin . He also cited a widely reported May 5 , 2009 , incident in which two Paravant personnel fired their weapons , killing two Afghan civilians and wounding a third . The two men have been charged with murder in connection with the shootings . An Army investigation appeared to find that the contract personnel had "  violated alcohol consumption policies , were not authorized to possess weapons , violated use-of-force rules and violated movement-control policies , " said Levin , who cited as his source the man who then led the Combined Security Transition Command-Afghanistan . Paravant 's contract required it to "  ensure that its personnel ... behave at all times in accordance with the highest professional and ethical standards , " he added . Records for the two men responsible for the May 5 shooting show the company failed to properly vet them , Levin said . One man 's military record "  apparently included assault , insubordinate conduct , absence without leave , failure to obey order or regulation , larceny and wrongful appropriation , " he said . And his criminal record showed convictions for reckless driving , disturbing the peace , assault and battery , driving while intoxicated , resisting arrest and trespassing . The other man was cited in a news report for having been discharged from the U.S. military after being absent without leave for 22 days and testing positive for cocaine , Levin said . Other Paravant personnel were fired for alcohol use and drug use , he said . During his opening statement before the committee , Xe Services Vice President Fred Roitz acknowledged the company 's culpability in the incident . "  The independent contractors ' actions that night clearly violated company policies against use of alcohol , unauthorized use of official vehicles , and taking weapons outside the training area , " he said . "  Those contractors are being held accountable by the law , as they should be . " Roitz also noted that three individuals involved in the May 2009 shootings had been relieved of their responsibilities prior to the incident . He conceded , however , that "  Paravant 's policies and procedures were not followed because of failures by Paravant 's prior management . " Paravant 's "  leadership reported to me at the time , and I accept my share of the responsibility , " he said . "  That leadership and company director failed to keep me adequately informed that well-established , basic policies and practices were not being followed . " Roitz , in his statement , told the committee members that "  the new Xe Services would act differently today . We simply will not send our personnel overseas without a proper authorization for a weapon  where needed  and without full compliance with all requirements . " He said the company has "  put in place new leadership and procedures to help ensure this commitment is kept . " After the shootings , Raytheon , which had subcontracted the work to Paravant , accused the company of having failed to properly oversee its personnel . Paravant responded that it would need more money to do that , Levin said , calling the company 's response "  deeply troubling " since its contractual obligation already called for that . In addition , Paravant called its personnel "  independent contractors , " despite "  compelling evidence " that they were company employees , Levin said . That meant that the company withheld no income taxes and paid no Social Security , Medicare , or unemployment tax for them , he said . The Internal Revenue Service is currently considering Paravant 's classification . Levin also took to task the U.S. Army for "  apparent lack of contractor oversight . " Before last May 's shooting , the Army said it had no contracting officer representative in the area , telling the committee that it relied on a Dutch contractor to oversee the project . The Army said it also monitored the contractors from an office in Florida by calling the chief of training and education for the Afghan National Security Forces at Combined Security Transition Command-Afghanistan . But the chief has told the committee that he did not travel to the training sites to observe Paravant 's personnel , Levin said . On December 3 , 2008 , prior to the first shooting incident , Raytheon told the Army by e-mail that Paravant workers had weapons without authority , Levin said , but the Army "  apparently failed to take action . " Raytheon issued a statement Wednesday in response to the hearing . "  The contract for these services , including sub-contracting support , was addressed through a competitive bidding , evaluation and selection process that involved our customer . Paravant employees subsequently violated policies of their contract which led to our termination of the relationship for cause last year . "  Raytheon has been working closely with our customers to enhance controls , procedures and oversight of contractor and subcontractor personnel . We will continue to work with our customers to ensure that strong oversight supports the success of our training services programs , " the statement said . A separate report released earlier this month by the inspectors general of the Department of Defense and the State Department criticizes the State Department for its oversight of Afghan training contracts , specifically a $ 1 billion contract to train Afghan National Police . The State Department failed to keep track of the money and materials , including weapons , and failed to prepare the police to fight off insurgents , the report said . Additionally , Levin said a key mission of U.S. forces in Afghanistan is to train and equip Afghan security forces to take the lead in the war , adding that they use a U.S.-operated facility near Kabul to store weapons for the Afghan forces . Though no policy exists that allows contractors or subcontractors to use weapons stored at the site , called Bunker 22 , Blackwater personnel "  acquired several hundred weapons , including more than 500 AK-47s , from the facility on multiple occasions , " Levin said . Though the company said last June that it had returned them all , Levin said that was not the case , citing one AK-47 that was not returned until late last month . "  These are weapons that belonged to the Afghan National Police -- not Blackwater , " he said . "  And it is only on the eve of this hearing that the company is giving the majority of them back to the Afghan government . " Levin concluded his opening remarks by saying that the contractors need to understand that they have an impact on how the U.S. military is perceived . "  Even one irresponsible act by contractor personnel can hurt the mission and put our troops in harm 's way , " he said . CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this story .	Contractor personnel need to be adequately supervised , senators said A top executive acknowledged past mistakes on the part of the company 's contractors Committee chairman also blasts U.S. Army for "  lack of contractor oversight "
Explosions and gun fire rang out across central Kabul on Monday morning after a group of Taliban insurgents stormed the headquarters of the city 's traffic police , the second attack on a government office in the Afghan capital in less than a week . A suicide bomber detonated his explosives at the entrance gate of the traffic police compound . Two or three other attackers then managed to charge inside the main building , armed with machine guns and more explosives , said Mohammad Ayoub Salangi , chief of Kabul Police . Read more : Soldier killed when insurgents hit Afghan security agency office in Kabul Afghan security forces surrounded the area and began an operation to kill the assailants , Salangi said . More blasts went off and gunfire echoed around the neighborhood , where the offices of several other Afghan government agencies are situated . Amid the violence , part of the traffic police building caught fire , Salangi said . Read more : Afghan elders to decide on immunity for U.S. forces The police chief said that he did n't have firm information on casualties but that around 10 people , including six civilians , were believed to have been wounded . The Taliban claim responsibility for the attack , said Zabiullah Mujahid , a spokesman for the group . The bold assault Monday followed a similar Taliban attack last week on the country 's national security agency in which a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden car . Read more : Abandon Afghanistan ? A dumb idea Afghan security forces killed five other insurgents involved in that attack and disarmed a second car bomb . One soldier from the security directorate was killed in the violence and 30 other people were wounded . Violent attacks take place regularly across the country , where Afghan and NATO troops are battling an insurgency led by the Taliban . Kabul , where President Hamid Karzai 's government is based and many foreign organizations have heavily guarded headquarters , has n't been spared from the unrest . Last year , insurgents carried out attacks near several Western embassies , as well as the headquarters of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . The NATO combat mission in Afghanistan officially finishes at the end of 2014 and security duties are being transferred to local forces .	A suicide bomber detonates his explosives at the entrance gate Other heavily armed attackers storm inside the building Afghan security forces launch operation to kill the insurgents Part of the building catches fire amid the violence
DEKALB , Illinois  CNN  -- Eric Mace says he thought he was giving his daughter good advice by asking her to sit up front in class . Ryanne Mace was 19 when she was killed last year in a shooting rampage at Northern Illinois University . "  I 'd like you to sit in the front row of every class that you 're in and constantly drag information out of these people , and if you do n't understand what they 're talking about , raise your hand and say , ' I do n't get it ' until you get it , " Mace recalled telling her . His daughter , 19-year-old Ryanne , took that advice . Now , he wishes she would have sat somewhere else . Mace believes that Ryanne was probably one of the first to be killed in the Northern Illinois University shootings a year ago , because she was in the front row in the lecture at Cole Hall . "  She was , from what I understand , in the front row of that room and was probably the first one that had shots fired at her after the gentleman that was on stage , " Mace said . "  It 's not an easy thing to carry , but I should n't have to carry it , either . " Ryanne was Eric and Mary Kay Mace 's only child . She was one of five NIU students killed on Valentine 's Day last year by Steven Kazmierczak , a former NIU student who was attending graduate school at the University of Illinois in Champaign . "  It 's difficult . There 's always an ache , loneliness and a longing . We 're going to miss her every day for the rest of our lives , " Mary Kay Mace said . Her husband added , "  I go to bed thinking about her . I wake up in the morning thinking about her . Any time that I 've a free moment , it will pop up . " The Maces said they would like to know more about the police investigation into the shooting and Kazmierczak 's history of mental illness . Police records provided to CNN indicate that he had a long history of mental problems , including several suicide attempts . The parents also are angry that he was able to buy guns . Because Kazmierczak had not been in a mental facility for more than five years , he was legally able to purchase those weapons in Illinois -- and on the firearms application form Kazmierczak filled out , he stated that he had never been adjudicated "  mentally defective " and had never been "  committed to a mental institution . " See some of Kazmierczak 's mental health records " "  I do n't know if they do n't report it if he 's a juvenile with the mental illness on his record or what . But somewhere along the line , the pertinent information did n't get into the right database , and he could waltz out of a store with a legally purchased weapon , " Mary Kay Mace said . "  And I do n't get that . That is what makes me angry . " Now , the Maces have started a scholarship foundation for psychology majors in honor of their daughter . And they hope that what happened a year ago is never forgotten . "  I do n't want them to forget a single detail about it , because the details are n't going to change just by forgetting about them , " Eric Mace said .	Steven Kazmierczak carried out shooting spree at Northern Illinois February 14 , 2008 Father of Ryanne Mace told his daughter to always sit on the front row of class "  There 's always an ache , loneliness and a longing , " says Ryanne Mace 's mother Parents want to know more details about the shooting and the killer
CNN  -- No one teaches reporters how to cover a war , much less wars that include genocide . Most of us rely on the wisdom of experienced colleagues and a lot of on-the-job training . CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in a Sarajevo cemetery ; she returned to Bosnia for "  Scream Bloody Murder . " My first war assignment -- Bosnia , in the 1990s -- included visits to the Sarajevo morgue to see the bodies . How else would a journalist know exactly how many Muslim children were cut down by Bosnian Serb snipers ? How else could we put names to civilians left faceless by mortar shells from the surrounding hills ? I learned what it means to bear witness . I found my voice and my mission in Bosnia . I learned to seek the facts , to tell the truth no matter how difficult or unpopular . I learned that objectivity meant covering all sides and giving all sides their hearing , but never to draw a false moral equivalence when none exists . I learned never to equate victims with their aggressors . I learned that there are limits to the style of journalism that goes : "  On the one hand , on the other hand . " Most of all , I learned that as reporters our words and our actions have consequences and that we must use this powerful platform , television , responsibly . But how many times have people asked me , when I 've come back from a place like Bosnia or Rwanda : Is it really that bad ? I have found that many people want to believe that I am exaggerating . I guess they do not want to believe such evil can exist . Or perhaps they just do not want to be pushed into that moral space where they would have to take a stand and do something . Genocide is hard to imagine -- despite all we know about the Holocaust . Or perhaps , ironically , as a result of it being the most documented event in modern history . Many people now believe that if the extermination is not done on the Nazis ' industrial scale or is less than complete , it is not genocide . They are wrong . Genocide is mass murder with the intent to wipe out a significant part of an ethnic , religious or national group . It means killing people not because of what they did , but because of who they are . It is the world 's most heinous crime . And it continues , despite an international treaty written 60 years ago this month . With a unanimous vote on December 9 , 1948 , the fledgling United Nations adopted the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide . The signatories committed themselves to act , although the convention does not say what intervention is required . And sure enough , instead of using the convention as a springboard to action , political leaders in the ensuing years have invoked reason after reason not to stop the bloodshed . If there is any hopeful sign , it is in the voices of people with the emotional and intellectual courage to stand up and scream bloody murder -- often at personal or professional risk . Some are members of the political establishment who believe that doing the right thing is also the pragmatic thing to do . Others are ordinary people caught up in extraordinary circumstances . What makes them do it ? Over the course of filming a two-hour documentary , I found a few common threads . Unlike politicians who make policy from the detachment of their national capitals , these men and women have been on the front lines . Like Father Franois Ponchaud , a French missionary in Cambodia when the Khmer Rouge seized power in 1975 , they have seen the victims ' suffering first hand . Like Peter Galbraith , an idealistic staff member on the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee who wanted the U.S. to punish Saddam Hussein for using chemical weapons against the Kurds , they are convinced that the accounts of refugees are true . And like Richard Holbrooke , a U.S. diplomat whose Jewish grandfather fled Germany when Hitler came to power , they see where action -- sometimes military action -- can make a difference . None considered himself a hero . And some , like Canadian Lt. Gen. Romeo Dallaire , who led a U.N. peacekeeping force in Rwanda , believe they did not do enough . Dallaire was one of those good men who put on a uniform and felt that it meant something , that he was actually there to make a difference . Unfortunately , he was sent to Rwanda with an impossible mandate and without the backing of the international community . He was helpless to stop the slaughter of 800,000 to 1 million ethnic Tutsis at the hands of their Hutu countrymen . Imagine if that had happened to you or me ? How would we be able to live with ourselves ? iReport.com : Have a question for Amanpour ? Send it in In any single crisis , I can understand that political leaders are under pressure not to intervene . But stepping back to look at the consistent pattern , one must ask : Is it acceptable ? In the 1970s , the Carter administration touted human rights as a core value in U.S. foreign policy , but knew that military intervention against the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia was politically inconceivable after the disastrous war in Vietnam . In the 1980s , the Reagan administration was courting Iraq as an ally against Iran and as a market for U.S. exports when Saddam Hussein was gassing the Kurds ; a punishing trade embargo would have destroyed the budding relationship . In the 1990s , the Clinton administration would not take military action against the Bosnian Serbs without backing from the European allies . Watch Bosnia 's president discuss the 1991 U.N. arms embargo on the former Yugoslavia " And some U.S. officials even avoided characterizing the slaughter in Rwanda in 1994 as genocide lest it lead to a call for action under the U.N. Genocide Convention . Military force : The last resort ? Or the first resort ? " But three years into the Bosnian war -- after the massacre at Srebrenica -- the U.S. finally forged a coalition of previously reluctant allies to bomb the Bosnian Serb military positions . They stopped the war , then led the peace process and the peace enforcement that has survived to this day . And because we the press , the storytellers , finally made it impossible for our Western democratic governments to tolerate mass murder of men , women and children in the age of 24/7 satellite TV , 3 1/2 years later , the U.S. led its allies in a pre-emptive strike against genocide in Kosovo . NATO , established to protect the West during the Cold War , had launched its largest military strike -- for a purely humanitarian mission . And today , there is a grassroots American movement that has brought the genocide in Darfur to such prominence . We 're always told that evil happens when good men do nothing . And the question -- my question as a reporter and as a witness to history is : Will we ever learn ? Or will I or my children or my successors be reporting on this same kind of atrocity and inhumanity for years and years to come ? This is what I do n't understand about the human race . So thank goodness for the few good men and women who summon the courage to do something in the face of evil , to stand up and confront it . They give me hope .	CNN 's Christiane Amanpour traveled the globe for documentary on genocide Amanpour : The few people who stand up and confront evil give me hope
Mashable  -- Sony has announced that it will drop the price of the PSP Go portable gaming system from $ 249 to $ 199 just in time for the holiday rush . The price cut is already effective -- just check out any online retailer like Gamestop or Amazon and you 'll see the device selling at its new price point . It 's a welcome change , and it makes the device more competitive with the Nintendo DSi  $ 149  and the iPod touch  $ 229 -- $ 399  . Given the capabilities of the device , $ 199 seems like the perfect price point . The PSP targets the core gamer market , which is willing to pay a little bit more for impressive graphics than it would get on the DSi . Still , neither device is as dynamic as the iPod touch . Sony boasts that the PSP has moved 61 million units since it debuted in 2004 , but the various DS models have sold more than 140 million units in roughly the same time period . The iPod Touch has sold at least 45 million since its 2007 launch -- and that 's not counting iPhones , which play the same games .  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Price of the PSP Go drops from $ 249 to $ 199 in time for the holiday rush Price cut is already effective online at GameStop and Amazon Change makes device more competitive with the Nintendo DSi and the iPod Touch
The Australian prime minister 's hard-line plan to throw foreign fighters and ISIS supporters into maximum security prison is finally coming to fruition . The country 's parliament passed the controversial Counter-Terrorism Legislation Amendment  Foreign Fighters  Bill on Thursday , which will make it easier for police and security agencies to apprehend alleged terrorist suspects  and supporters  and detain them without explanation , potentially leading to lengthy prison sentences . The new legislation is designed to inhibit would-be fighters from traveling overseas to join conflicts . It will also subject foreign fighters and individuals who have been in conflict areas to a range of controls upon their return to Australia . The laws will also incarcerate individuals who "  advocate terrorism . " In reality , the laws lower the threshold for arresting people on alleged terrorism offenses and will potentially lead to innocent individuals being arrested and detained . New law ` counterproductive ' Australia 's approach is contradictory to other national governments ' anti-terrorism tactics and may actually be counterproductive . Its new legislation could increase the risk of terrorism by further alienating marginalized youth who have toyed with the idea of associating with terrorists or committing violent acts in the name of ISIS . The Danish government , for example , is developing diversionary programs that see some foreign fighters handled on a case-by-case basis and potentially offered rehabilitation without prison time . In the UK , terror suspects could be placed under a Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures  Tpims  , which will force some to engage in de-radicalization programs . Tpims are court orders that place restrictions on the movements and activities of suspects where there is insufficient evidence to bring charges . Both of these programs differentiate between the types of terrorist offenders . For example , those that have committed terrorist violence ; those that are preparing for an act ; those that support the idea of an Islamic state but not violence ; and those that claim membership for other motives . In Australia , one might only have to brag about supporting or belonging to a terrorist group to potentially end up in prison for up to five years . Playing the Australian coalition government 's usual national security trump card , the laws were rushed through parliament , with inadequate time to be properly developed and scrutinized . Muslim groups , lawyers , human rights groups and academics have all urged the government to delay passing the legislation due to human rights issues , to no avail . ` No go ' zones The new legislation targets Australians who engage in conflicts in foreign countries and seek to return home , and criminalizes travel to areas designated by Australia 's Foreign Minister as "  no go " zones on the grounds that a terrorist organization operates within it . The designation power is broad and allows the proscription of entire countries or regions spanning two or more countries . The offense carries a maximum penalty of 10 years ' imprisonment . Given their breadth , the laws do not merely affect foreign fighters but also , potentially , people who may have traveled to designated areas for a range of other reasons -- such as visiting or caring for families , performing humanitarian aid work , or undertaking official or journalistic duties . Advocating terrorism The new laws also make it an offense to "  advocate terrorism " with offenders potentially facing lengthy jail terms if they "  counsel , promote , encourage or urge the doing of a terrorist act . " Prior to the new legislation , authorities "  had to ` believe ' a terror crime was about to be committed " . Under the new legislation , police only "  have to ` suspect ' a crime is to be committed to be able to detain and charge someone . " Police could now act the moment people start advocating terrorism , effectively implying that they are guilty well before the reality of a violent crime being committed . The Australian teenager Abdullah Elmir , who recently appeared in a YouTube video released by ISIS threatening Australian and allied nations , is one of the targets of the new legislation . But other cases may be less clear . Within the group of ISIS supporters here in Australia , it is n't hard to come across some marginalized Muslim youth who simply claim to support ISIS . However , the depth of their radicalization is shallow and they appear naive about the real conditions of conflict and Islamic State violence . Like many other defiant teenagers , being part of a gang or group of any type can provide protection and a sense of belonging . While such cases might look like instances of advocating terrorism , in reality , their relationship to terrorism is superficial . Teenagers pledging allegiance to ISIS seems merely to serve as a way to lift their social standing among their networks , at school or in their community . In their minds , such claimed allegiance makes them strong and invincible . It would be fair to say that their claims of support for ISIS comes with little consideration for its wider consequences , such as potentially ending up in the judicial system . Caution needed Among those who have traveled to fight in Syria and Iraq , many may have not liked what they have witnessed and want to return to Australia . Not all will come back as hardened terrorists . There will be some that have already disengaged from supporting ISIS because they have been disillusioned by what they have seen in Syria or Iraq . There will be others who have traveled to fight to support their Muslim brothers but who pose no threat to Australia and still consider themselves Australian . Given such wide differentiation , the Australian government must be careful in the development of its anti-terrorism legislation not to lump everyone in the same basket . Not everyone sympathetic to ISIS goes on to become a violent extremist , nor have they all committed violent acts . For supporters who stayed at home , the main objective should be to divert them from police attention , the courts and incarceration . Diversion , not jail Returnees who have broken Australian law will , no doubt , enter the judicial system . However , they should be dealt with fairly and humanely and not simply given , as Australia 's prime minister would have it , mandatory and lengthy maximum security prison terms of isolation . Like the Danish and UK governments , the Australian government should take heed and direct more focus to developing diversionary programs to keep young offenders away from the judicial system , rather that creating new laws to make it easier to incarcerate them . The Australian government should also look at developing prison-based intervention programs to deal with those who have committed acts of violence . For all its posturing and claims of strengthening the country , the Australian government 's actions display a timidity its Danish and UK counterparts do not . Simply locking young people away for a long time does nothing to show a nation 's strength . Unless we try to understand and address the root cause of young Australians radicalizing , the problem is unlikely to go away and Australia will continue to be under "  high " threat .	Australian parliament passes Foreign Fighter 's Bill to introduce stiff penalties Legislation slammed as too harsh and sweeping ; could see innocent people jailed Law establishes "  no go " zones to inhibit Australians from joining foreign forces Jones : "  Locking young people away for a long time does nothing to show a nation 's strength "
Dear Chicago , You sure are n't perfect . Numerous city aldermen and officials have been brought down by corruption charges . Your schools are failing . You have a high rate of gun violence , which has cast shadows upon your reputation . Despite the long list of wrongs , there are a lot of things you do right . Lifelong Chicagoans and loving visitors are consistently complimentary of you . We say this without shame : Chicago , we love you , imperfections and all . You are 77 official neighborhoods , according to the mayor 's office . But more than 200 "  pocket " neighborhoods make up your anatomy . WBEZ : Who creates Chicago 's neighborhoods ? Your people ride through your bloodstream on the L , where we can see your distinct personalities in each lively neighborhood . Concert venues and Al Capone 's favorite hangout , the Green Mill , beam as we zoom through Uptown . The Garfield Park Conservatory emanates natural beauty on the West Side . And lessons from the past fill our minds as we near the DuSable Museum of African American History in Washington Park . "  Chicago is the world in one place . It 's being able to get tacos in Little Village one day for lunch and tzatziki in Greek Town the next , " says 21-year-old student Reynaldo Leal . Persian , Polish or Puerto Rican , you 've got the world covered . Your citizens make you who you are , with people from across the globe calling you home . Some stay put in their ethnic enclaves , speaking their native tongues , while others are curious neighborhood hoppers who seek authentic food and culture . Chicago . Just saying your name is enough to conjure fond memories for Amanda Fallico . She can imagine riding down Lake Shore Drive on a warm summer evening . Summer is when our love for you crescendos . You are at your peak of liveliness . Tight-knit families watching movies in the park , children playing games at North Avenue Beach and couples strolling along the magnificent lakefront are some of the things that bring you to life come summer . "  Chicago 's parks are the settings for  a  world-class collection of sculptures , and the people of Chicago are lucky enough to have them in their backyard , " says Matt Kochar . But even in the winter , for any of us who brave the never-ending snowfall and brutal , subzero wind chills , you are truly a beauty . When the tourists are too scared to come outside , it 's us locals who get the rare treat of staring into Cloud Gate  affectionately known as "  the Bean "  all alone . Zahava Hanuka witnessed your quiet side during a moment just like this . While the Bean , Chicago Picasso and Alexander Calder 's Flamingo are all figures of beauty , your buildings and stunning skyscrapers are architectural marvels in themselves . Whether we 're lost in the past of the historic Rookery building or meandering through the urban canyons beneath the futuresque Trump Tower , your architecture tells us the story of your life . Sometimes , you talk to us through your buildings . When the Blackhawks made the playoffs last year , skyscrapers lit up with words of encouragement . The same treatment goes for the Bears , Bulls , Sox and well , someday the Cubs .  Here 's to hoping someone breaks the Curse of the Billy Goat soon ! Share your Wrigley Field photos Your cheering buildings prove you 're a big city that does n't take yourself too seriously . As Swathi Sridhara puts it , "  Chicagoans have a unique blend of small-town Midwest charm and a gritty city work ethic . " And if your gleaming towers and your potholed streets are your skeleton , then your heart lies in your people . Farhaj Hassan , who moved away as a child , said it well : "  Chicago does n't just reside in our heart -- it is our heart . Chicago is us , we of Chicago are Chicago . " Chicago , no matter what anyone says , we will always be proud to call you home . Love , Chicagoans everywhere	CNN asks readers to share what they love about Chicago "  Chicago is the world in one place , " says Reynaldo Leal . "  Chicago does n't just reside in our heart -- it is our heart , " says Farhaj Hassan "  Chicagoland " airs Thursday nights at 10 p.m. ET on CNN
Washington  CNN  Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid told Nevada public radio station KNPR on Friday that he might not regain sight in the eye he injured during an exercising accident on New Year 's Day . He also said he would miss next week 's Senate Democratic retreat as he continues to recover at his home in Washington . The former Senate majority leader broke several ribs and bones in his face and was also diagnosed with a concussion , his office said after the accident . Reid explained that he had been exercising with a resistance band that broke , flinging him into several cabinets and badly injuring his right eye . Asked if he would recover full vision in the eye , Reid said his doctors were hopeful . RELATED : Harry Reid breaks ribs and facial bones in New Year 's Day exercising accident "  Well they 're very hopeful but , you know , this is n't anything that is a slam dunk , " Reid said . "  I had serious injury in my eye . There 's blood accumulation there and they 're hoping that resolves itself . As long as the blood is in the eye it 's hard to see the eye every place , because all the instruments they use , you ca n't see if there 's blood in the way . " Reid said he was following his doctors ' order to rest his eyes . "  I 'm more dependent on my staff now , because I 'm not to be reading a bunch of emails and stuff like that , " he said . "  Because if you have one bad eye and one good eye and you overwork the good eye , it puts too much pressure on the bad eye so , you know , they 've basically told me to be very careful in how I strain my eye . " Reid did not return to Capitol Hill this week for the opening session of the 114th Congress . In a video released Tuesday , he said his doctors had ordered him to stay home to rest and recover . Reid told the radio station Friday that his doctors had told him he should not go to the Senate Democratic retreat in Baltimore next week . He plans to continue to work from home instead . It is unclear when he 'll be returning to the office . Reid told KNPR he had been spending many hours listening to public radio over the last several days , as he rests at home . "  It 's no secret that I love public radio , " he said . RELATED : With horrible black eye , Harry Reid working from home	Harry Reid said he 's hopeful he 'll regain the sight of his injured eye Reid fractured bones in his face , his ribs and suffered a concussion last week Reid said he 'll continue to work from home and will miss the Senate Democratic retreat next week
CNN  -- The lead singer of rock group Lostprophets was sentenced Wednesday to 35 years in a British jail for child sex abuse , a court ruled . The sentence for a string of child sex offenses -- including the attempted rape of a baby -- includes 29 years behind bars for the disgraced rock star , according to Britain 's Press Association news agency . Six years are on license , meaning he will remain under police supervision . Ian Watkins , 36 , confessed to 13 offenses at Cardiff Crown Court in Wales last month . On Wednesday , Judge Roger John Royce said the case broke "  new ground , " according to Press Association . "  I am satisfied that you are a deeply corrupting influence , you are highly manipulative , you are a sexual predator , you are dangerous , " Royce said . "  The public and , in particular , young females need protection from you . " Watkins must serve at least two-thirds of the sentence before he can be considered for release . Two co-defendants identified only as Mother A and Mother B were sentenced to 14 years and 17 years , respectively . Police said they were investigating whether Watkins committed similar crimes in Germany and the United States . "  The investigation uncovered the most disturbing child abuse evidence I have seen in my 28 years as a police officer , " Detective Chief Inspector Peter Doyle , senior investigating officer for South Wales Police , said in a statement . "  There are also investigations being conducted by other police forces around the world including Germany and the United States . " Lostprophets , a Welsh group which has sold more than 3 million records worldwide , broke up in October .	Singer sentenced for string of child sex offenses Trial judge says case broke "  new ground " Two co-defendants also sentenced Police say related investigations ongoing in Germany and U.S.
Freetown , Sierra Leone  CNN  I started working at the Ebola treatment center the day it opened , September 19 . I cared for children , men and women with Ebola . Every day more than 100 new patients came in . It was so serious . I was n't afraid . I was determined to make the outbreak go away from my country . Every day I saw thousands of people from my country dying . Blood in their vomit , blood coming from their eyes , their ears , their mouth , their nose ... One day in November , I felt sick . I started to vomit , my body ached . I thought it was an ulcer like before . My mother said , "  Let 's go to the hospital . " We called my boss and he said , "  Bring her immediately . " They isolated me , took blood samples , and treated me with IV fluids because I was vomiting seriously . Within 24 hours , they came back . They were all wearing protective clothing and equipment . It was then that I knew . Tears streamed down my face . Immediately they took me into the red zone , the same place where I treat my patients . I was now like them . In three days , I could not walk . I was blind , paralyzed , unable to talk or eat . I had a sore throat , body aches and my whole body itched . Blood started coming out of my eyes . I could n't sleep . I was awake with pain all of the time . Once , my soul left my body . I saw my body lying down . I almost went insane . I thought , I am going to die , I will not make it . Every single day I cried . Ebola is a very dangerous disease . During this time , my parents were quarantined . No one could visit me . All of my belongings -- my bed , my clothes , my shoes -- were burned . The first thing that happened when I started to feel better is that I was able to eat . I realized , "  God still has plans for me . " It took one month to relearn how to talk , to walk , to eat . When I left the hospital in December , it was not easy . My mom , dad , brothers and sisters embraced me , but others turned their back on me . My friends were scared they would get Ebola . People pointed at me in the street . My parents and I had to leave our community and find a new place to live , far away , where people did not know . I often say Ebola is a demonic disease , because of what it does to you when you are sick and what it does to you after . I have many friends who died from Ebola . In the hospital ward where I worked , all my medical colleagues who got Ebola died except me . One of my friends lost every member of her family . Ebola is also demonic because of the stigmatization you face as a survivor . I always try to stay positive , even though it is hard for me , physically and emotionally . After surviving , I returned to work in the same hospital ward where I worked before , treating Ebola patients and giving them hope . I tell them I was a victim of Ebola , and I survived . When they refuse medication , I make an example of myself . I say , "  I want you to do the same thing to be like me . " Just before returning to work , I met World Health Organization Director-General , Dr. Margaret Chan , when she visited our hospital . She hugged me and it felt so good . Her gesture showed everyone that they do not need to be scared . You should not reject survivors , you should embrace them . Then , Dr. Chan invited me to give the keynote address at the WHO 's Ebola Special Session in Geneva . I am twice a survivor . I lived through war in my country . During the war , my sister was shot and killed in front of me . I fainted and they set our home on fire . The heat from the fire woke me up and I survived . I faced stigmatization then , for two years in Guinea , where they told refugees like us to sit on the floor of the bus . In many ways , Ebola is worse than war . With war , at least some of your family has a chance to survive . With Ebola , your entire family can be wiped out . Even if I have an enemy , I will never pray they become infected with Ebola . I will never think that . I want to help Ebola survivors . I started a non-governmental organization , Pink Cross , to provide counseling for Ebola survivors facing stigmatization and to conduct public awareness campaigns . We are looking for a partner to help us build post-Ebola drop-in centers for Ebola survivors to come for counseling , support and training . And I would like to further my education , so that I can pursue a career in my country helping people prevent and survive diseases like Ebola .	Rebecca Johnson cared for children , men and women with Ebola in Sierra Leone When she caught disease , she said : "  I could not walk . I was blind , paralyzed , unable to talk or eat " Johnson survived war and Ebola ; her sister was shot dead in front of her
Authorities used pepper spray on a group of protesters trying to enter the National Air and Space Museum on Saturday , forcing the building to close about two hours early . One person was arrested , according to Linda St. Thomas , a spokeswoman for the Smithsonian Institution , which runs that and numerous other museums in Washington . She estimated between 100 and 200 people were in the crowd . Demonstrators railing against U.S. participation in the war in Afghanistan initially gathered Saturday , along with protesters aligned with the national Occupy Wall Street movement , in Washington 's Freedom Plaza . The latter effort started in New York more than three weeks ago , targeting the nation 's financial sector and various social ills , and has since spread to more than a dozen cities . The Washington demonstrators Saturday chanted "  Occupy Wall Street , Occupy H Street , Occupy Everything , and never give it back . " Some moved from Freedom Plaza toward the museum , which is along the National Mall , escorted by District of Columbia police . Some started to enter the museum to demonstrate against displays of military drones used during the war in Afghanistan . St. Thomas said that one of the protesters pushed a museum security guard against a wall , prompting another guard to respond with pepper spray to force demonstrators outside . "  We wanted to go inside and protest at those particular items of destruction , and the crowd was pepper sprayed going in and was forced out of the building , " said Brian Morrison , one of the protesters . See video of the protest . Araz Alali , a spokesman with the D.C. Police , said his department had no knowledge the museum security was going to pepper spray the protesters . Demonstrator Greg Slater carried a sign that read "  Occupy Wall Street , not Afghanistan . " He said that the protest did not warrant the type of reaction it got from the museum security guards . "  This is absolutely meant to be a nonviolent protest , " said Slater . "  It 's about peacefully taking back of democracy and ending the war in Afghanistan . " St. Thomas said that the Air and Space Museum will open at its regularly scheduled time of 10 a.m. Sunday .	Anti-war and Occupy Wall Street-aligned protesters march in Washington Some tried to enter the Air and Space Museum over its military drone display A guard pepper sprayed after another guard was pushed , a museum official says The museum closed early Saturday , but is set to reopen on time Sunday
CNN  -- Murder charges were filed Tuesday against a man accused of killing the pregnant wife of a Marine in California . Erin Corwin , 19 and three months pregnant , had been missing since June 28 after she said she was going to Joshua Tree National Park to scout trails . Over the weekend , searchers found her body about 140 feet down a mine shaft . Her former neighbor , Christopher Lee , 24 , was arrested Sunday in Alaska . He is awaiting extradition to California . He faces a murder charge and the special circumstance allegation of "  lying in wait , " which means he could face life in prison without parole or death , if found guilty , according to San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael Ramos . "  The decision regarding which penalty will be sought will be made after a full review of the facts and evidence in the case , " he said . Lee had been a suspect from the beginning . Corwin did n't go to Joshua Tree National Park on the day she disappeared , police said in a statement of probable cause written in July . Instead her car was found a few miles from where she lived next door to Lee and his wife , Nicole . Detectives found footprints next to Corwin 's abandoned car that led to tire tracks . Investigators said those tire tracks were the same width and same width apart as the tires on Lee 's Jeep . According to the court document , several people , including a friend of Erin Corwin 's in Tennessee , told investigators that Corwin and Lee were having an affair . He admitted to kissing her but told detectives the two had never had sexual intercourse . Lee also told police that on the day Corwin disappeared he had gone hunting . More than 100 mine shafts were searched before a sheriff 's team found Corwin 's body . Authorities used cell phone information to narrow the search area to 300 square miles . The area included remote land belonging to the federal government 's Bureau of Land Management .	Christopher Lee , 24 , was arrested in Alaska , is facing extradition to California He is accused of killing his former neighbor , Erin Corwin , 19 Her body was found over the weekend in a mine shaft
CNN  -- A former Utah policeman is a suspect in at least three of Monday 's four rush-hour shootings near Dallas , Texas , including one of two fatal attacks , police said Tuesday . CNN affiliate KSL in Salt Lake City , Utah , provided this file photo of the Dallas suspect , Brian Smith . The suspect , Brian Smith , tried to commit suicide after the Monday-evening shootings and was in a hospital in serious condition , Dallas police detective Lt. Craig Miller said . Police used ballistic tests to link Smith , a Utah state police officer for 12 years , to the shootings in which one driver was killed , one was injured by shattered glass and one escaped uninjured , Dallas police detective Lt. Craig Miller said . Miller said it is unclear if Smith was involved in the other fatal shooting , which was the first attack of the evening . Four motorists were attacked along a three-mile stretch near and on the LBJ Freeway , about 10 miles northeast of downtown Dallas , on Monday evening , police said . The first attack , which happened in Garland , Texas , about 5:41 p.m. , killed Jorge Lopez . Garland police said Lopez , 20 , was sitting in his Nissan at a traffic light when a man in a pickup pulled alongside him and fired shots into his car , killing him . A few minutes after the Garland shooting and two miles away on LBJ Freeway , a gunman fired at two tractor-trailers . While one driver escaped injuries , William Scott Miller , 42 , of Frankfort , Kentucky , was shot to death behind the wheel of a United Van Lines truck , police said . "  He was going to be traveling home , " Craig Miller said . "  He was about to park his rig . He was going to get on a plane to fly to be with his wife and children for the Christmas season and then come back to this location . " Miller called the truck driver a hero , saying he was able to control his rig before he died -- preventing other motorists from being hurt . The fourth attack came a mile west on LBJ Freeway when gunfire shattered the windshield of another tractor-trailer . The bullets missed the driver , but flying glass caused minor cuts , police said . Miller said video from the Garland shooting is available , and specialists were trying to enhance it to bring out details . Businesses along the other routes also may have video that will help police , he said . A friend of Lopez 's said he was "  a straight-up good guy , never had problems with anybody , never started anything with anybody . " "  So that 's why this seems so out of the blue , " Lopez 's friend said .	NEW : Former Utah state police officer named a suspect some of Monday 's shootings NEW : Police : Suspect tried to kill himself , was hospitalized in serious condition Two drivers were shot and killed , another wounded in Dallas rush hour Monday
Chardon , Ohio  CNN  -- A funeral service is planned Saturday for 16-year-old Daniel Parmertor , one of three students killed in an Ohio high school shooting . The shooting occurred Monday in the Chardon High School 's cafeteria where authorities say T.J. Lane opened fire at the students . Two other students were hospitalized and another was grazed by gunfire . The shooting rocked the school and the community of 5,100 people about 30 miles east of Cleveland . Students returned to school Friday as they tried to return to resume their daily routines . Grief counselors and police were on hand , and the principal led a moment of silence . "  Everyone is here for each other , " Senior Garrett Szalay said . "  But a lot of us are moving on . " Authorities say T.J. Lane , 17 , is responsible and charged him with three counts of aggravated murder , two of attempted aggravated murder and one of felonious assault . The latter is related to the student who was "  nicked in the ear " by a bullet , according to Geauga County Prosecuting Attorney David Joyce . Friday marked the first full school day since the incident , a return that administrators and staff touted as key to helping people through the healing process . Staff spent two days working on the transition and expressed confidence that they 'll be ready to provide comfort and support to those still trying to make sense of this week 's carnage , School superintendent Joseph Bergant said . Frank Hall , an assistant football coach and study hall teacher who chased the gunman from the school , said Thursday it was important that students and staff return -- if for no other reason than to "  show that terror and evil do not win out . " "  I 'm here to tell you that tomorrow our schools will be open , our teachers will be there , our administration will be there , our parents and community , but more important our children will be there , " Hall said . Meanwhile , the legal process continues . Joyce , the prosecuting attorney , filed charges against Lane on Thursday in juvenile court . The defendant 's next court appearance will be Tuesday and a hearing scheduled for March 19 will discuss a motion to transfer his case to an adult court . The murder charges state that the teenager "  purposely and with prior calculation and design " fatally shot three people while at Chardon High . The prosecutor has said that the sophomore confessed that he took a .22 - caliber gun and a knife into the school Monday morning and fired 10 rounds as frightened students and some teachers ran for cover . By the time the bloodshed ended , three were killed : Parmertor , who died Monday ; Demetrius Hewlin , 16 , who died Tuesday morning ; and Russell King Jr. , 17 , who was declared brain dead Tuesday . Lane 's friends have said that the teen had a troubled childhood . His parents had both been charged with domestic violence against each other , according to court documents . His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and was charged with holding a different woman under running water and bashing her head into a wall . "  I think there 's a lot of kids that go through things like that . That does n't give them the right to kill other people , " said Bob Parmertor , Daniel Parmertor 's grandfather . " No one has the right to shoot other people because they 've had a rough life . " CNN 's Laura Dolan , Martin Savidge , Josh Levs and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	Funeral service will be held Saturday for Daniel Parmertor Parmertor , two other students were killed at Chardon , Ohio , high school Grief counselors and police were at the school on Friday T.J. Lane was charged Thursday with three counts of aggravated murder
Hello ! Welcome to the Internet . It 's a big place , so let me show you around . You 're approaching Oversharing Pass , where residents routinely post too much information . The Facebook Gorge and Twitter Triangle are particularly nefarious time-sucks . Restraint is advised . Up ahead is Hyperbole Junction , which is the Worst . Spot . Ever . We recommend that you maintain an even keel and stay to the center ; the extreme left and right can be dangerous . And over there is the infamous Lair of Sociopaths , the home of trolls and loners who mercilessly mock everyone who enters their territory . Watch your step : They may trip you up and you 'll fall into the Chasm of Lulz . Our world is n't all dangerous , of course . You may visit Squee City , where images of cute cats and laughing babies fill the landscape . You 'll also meet countless kind strangers , hilarious raconteurs and hard-working fact-checkers . They make it all worthwhile . Hmm . Maybe it would be easier if you had a guide -- you know , some rules to help you find your way . What , you did n't know there are rules of the Internet ? Of course there are rules . How do you think we maintain order around here ? A parody of rules That 's a joke . But there really are some rules of the Internet -- even if they , too , began as kind of a joke . According to the site KnowYourMeme.com , the Rules began around 2006 as a guide for the Internet collective Anonymous and emerged on the old Encyclopedia Dramatica , a bawdy meme catalog . Soon a version emerged on 4chan , an online bulletin board where most users post anonymously , says Jamie Cohen , director of web/digital media at Hofstra University 's School of Communication . "  Chris Poole  4chan 's founder  kind of designed it , kind of like a Netiquette rules , " he says , describing the unspoken code of conduct that lubricates Internet discourse .  Poole has attributed the rules to Gaia Online , a role-playing community . But the rules of the Internet deliberately mocked many of those conventions . The self-reflexive parody fit perfectly with its community 's attitude , points out Anthony Rotolo , a professor at Syracuse University 's School of Information Studies . "  These jokes are meant to comment on something happening in the world , " he says . "  Later they get accepted as truisms or become a meme . " The absurdity has been reflected even in the supposed number of rules . Though the best-known first version claimed there were 50 rules , only 18 were listed . Number 1 was initially "  Do not talk about Rules 2-33 " ; no Rules 2-33 were on the list . The sarcastic attitude was reinforced by the kicker found on Encyclopedia Dramatica . It was a parody of Wikipedia 's stub language : "  This article is crap . You can help by completely re-writing it . " ` Fight Club ' and Monty Python Very quickly , the lists started multiplying and expanding , liberally borrowing from comedy , Web culture and math-science tropes . On one list , a few were designated by complex numbers and mathematical symbols . Some were observations ; others were directives . Two rules were taken from "  Fight Club " : "  You do not talk about 4chan  or " / b / , " 4chan 's random , free-wheeling bulletin board  and "  You DO NOT talk about 4chan . " One version of Rule 6 stated "  There is no Rule 6 , " which is from a Monty Python sketch . Rule 42 , "  Always bring a towel , " was drawn from Douglas Adams ' "  The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy " series .  If you have to ask , read the books .  "  Profit , " Rule 49 , came from "  South Park . " Other rules went the reverse direction and became part of mainstream culture . Rule 34 -- "  If it exists , there is porn of it " -- is likely the most famous . But there 's also "  Pics or it did n't happen "  Rule 30  , "  For every given male character , there is a female version of that character ; conversely for every given female character , there is a male version of that character "  Rule 63  and , of course , the corollary to Rule 34 -- "  If no porn of it exists at the moment , it will be made "  Rule 35  . Most retained a sense of humor , riffing off established rules and occasionally ending with a giggly "  No exceptions . " But a handful were , and remain , as serious as a judge -- notably the three directly about Anonymous  commonly Rules 3-5  : - We are Anonymous . - We are legion . - We do not forgive , we do not forget . The overall Internet rules may have started as a joke , but such ominous language from Anonymous speaks to some of the paradoxes of the Web : Rules ? Why do we need some stinkin ' rules ? After all , rules can be helpful -- or divisive . They can create community -- or subvert it . Even Anonymous , the activist group itself , cuts both ways , says Rotolo . When it hacked the extremist Westboro Baptist Church , many people cheered . But when it goes after less unpopular targets , some cry vigilantism . Cohen says that the rules themselves try to have it both ways . They 're funny until someone gets hurt . They "  play more of a game type of role . They can be bent or broken or cheated or moved around , as you would in any game that has no physical reaction , " he says . "  That does n't take into account ever the result of real people being affected by this -- such as teenagers , children , anybody who 's seeing things that they should n't . " He adds , "  There 's a lot of rules in there that work for  the creators  more than anyone else . Until they become victims of their own thing , they do n't know how powerful the rules are . " Evolving from the Wild West Of course , the Internet is n't that old , and we 're still in its Wild West era in many ways . As the technology evolves from a handful of hackers on Usenet bulletin boards to billions of users on officially sponsored sites , the customs -- the rules -- of the Web will evolve with it . But we 're not talking about the kinds of changes that your family makes to the rules of Monopoly  no , Free Parking is NOT for the pool of money acquired via Chance and Community Chest  . We 're talking something more expansive : All the established customs of our carbon-based life forms , making way for the instantaneous and virtual modes of silicon-based electronics . Who knows what new rules may be written ? "  When you 're in the midst of social change , it 's impossible to determine where it 's going , " says Peter S. Vogel , a former programmer who 's now a Dallas-based attorney . "  And I think we are in the greatest social change in the history of humans , because there are no boundaries of geography or time . " We have n't even sorted out what happens when the differences in local culture meet global technology . Bruce Umbaugh , a philosophy professor at Webster University in St. Louis who teaches a course on philosophy and technology , argues that not all parts of the world are as tolerant or open-minded as Western democracies . "  There are a lot of other places in the world that are actively using the technology of the Internet to control the free communication among citizens , and to identify critics of the government and hurt them , " he says . "  We need to be mindful in what we advocate from our perspective that the tools that are implemented on the Net are tools for the global Net . " In other words , citizens of other countries already face actual , enforceable rules -- unlike the folkways established by Web users in the West . Witness the frictions of the Arab Spring , or the restrictions of societies such as North Korea . It 's the kind of perspective that provides a different context for the issues raised by a libertarian , anything-goes Internet . It 's hard enough to stop "  Star Wars " comment boards from devolving into flamebaiting , meme-generating files of NSFW Yodas . So for now , we 're still making our way through the Series of Tubes , and nobody knows where the boundaries lie . We joke , we grimace and we marvel at the creativity of the hive mind . The Internet is a big place , and countless cultures have set up residence . Eventually , what is now humor may lose its zing ; what are now customs may become laws . Will the rules ever become The Rules ? Maybe some future generation will figure out the true guideposts of Internet life , and the singularity will be upon us . Nah . It 'll never happen . What did we miss ? Share your rules for the internet below in the comments . We 'll feature some of the best on CNN .	Yes , there ARE some rules to the Internet , though , for now they 're mainly an inside joke Some rules based on pop culture , some have become Web memes Other rules ominously quote Anonymous Is there a need for rules on the vast and wild Web ? Depends on where you stand
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The identity and nationality of an alleged al Qaeda operative arrested in Pakistan remained shrouded in mystery and conflicting information Monday , a day after Pakistani officials said one of the FBI 's most wanted terrorists was in custody . A Pakistani military official said Monday that the man arrested is a foreign operative linked to al Qaeda . The official did not specifically describe the man as American and gave no further details . On Sunday , a senior Pakistani government official said that Adam Gadahn , a U.S.-born spokesman for al Qaeda , had been arrested . A second senior Pakistani government official later confirmed Gadahn 's arrest . But a U.S. intelligence official said there appeared to be no validity to the reports that Gadahn was in custody . Other U.S. officials also said they had no indication Gadahn had been captured . U.S. counterterrorism officials said Monday they had received no indication from Pakistan that any American had been arrested . One official said there was "  no validity " to reports that Gadahn was arrested . Another called the reports "  bogus . " News reports Monday cited Pakistani officials as saying that a different man , believed to be an American member of al Qaeda , had been arrested . But U.S. counterterrorism officials said the United States has not heard of the person , who was identified in some reports as Abu Yahya Mujahdeen al-Adam , an American born in Pennsylvania . One official said the reports coming out of Pakistan were a "  real head scratcher . " Rick Snelsire , a spokesman for the U.S. embassy in Pakistan , said Monday that the embassy had not received any information about an American being detained by Pakistani security forces . Gadahn , 31 , also known as Azzam the American , was indicted on charges of treason and providing material support to terrorists in 2006 . The U.S. government has offered a $ 1 million reward for information leading to his capture . He is the first American charged with treason since 1952 . Reports of an arrest Sunday came hours after Islamist Web sites posted video of Gadahn praising a November massacre at Fort Hood , Texas . On the video , Gadahn said the Army major charged with gunning down 13 people "  lit a path " for other Muslim service members to follow . Authorities have targeted several key Islamist figures in Karachi -- the heavily populated port city and financial capital of Pakistan that , for some time , has functioned as a hideout for Taliban and al Qaeda sympathizers . A city of 13 million -- with some estimates saying there are 100,000 new arrivals a month -- Karachi has seen an influx of Pashtuns from the tribal border region with Afghanistan . Many fled there during fighting and Pakistani military offensives in the Northwest Frontier Province and Waziristan , making Karachi a comfortable place for the Taliban to blend in and count on a network of supporters . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Nic Robertson and Adam Levine contributed to this report .	On Monday , Pakistani military official said foreign operative linked to al Qaeda arrested Official did n't describe man as American , gave no further details On Sunday , officials from Pakistan government said Adam Gadahn had been arrested U.S. officials : Reports that Gadahn is in custody do n't seem valid , are a "  real head scratcher "
EW.com  -- For the first time , a "  Twilight " movie has ruled the box office for three weeks in a row . During what was one of the slowest weekends of the year , "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " held on to first , dropping 60 percent for $ 16.9 million , according to studio estimates . That 's a smaller decline than what "  The Twilight Saga : New Moon " experienced during the same weekend two years ago -- it fell 64 percent . Nevertheless , "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " is still trailing the past two Twilight movies . The fourth entry in the romantic supernatural series has so far grossed a stellar $ 247.3 million in 17 days . By comparison , "  New Moon " had earned $ 255.4 million by this point , while "  The Twilight Saga : Eclipse " had collected $ 255.8 million . This will ultimately be a moot point when "  Breaking Dawn -- Part 2 " comes out next November and likely destroys all of the franchise 's records . Disney 's "  The Muppets " was the runner-up , plunging a sharp 62 percent -- more than any other wide release -- for a weekend tally of $ 11.2 million . It 's too early to sound the alarm , especially since the movie has already grossed $ 56.1 million on its $ 45 million budget . And "  The Muppets " will likely bounce back with a better hold next week . But it is surprising that a PG-rated family film with such endearing reviews and an "  A " rating from CinemaScore graders would drop so much . One possible explanation is that after all the activities and shopping of Thanksgiving weekend , many families opted to take it easy this week . It 's worth noting that such Thanksgiving releases as 2007 $  s "  Enchanted " and last year 's "  Tangled " fell 52 percent and 56 percent , respectively , during their sophomore frames . But "  Hugo , " "  Arthur Christmas , " "  Happy Feet Two , " and "  Puss in Boots " all had smaller drops than "  The Muppets , " so there might be something else at play here . Perhaps the film 's solid $ 29.2 million opening weekend was driven more by nostalgic adults than by family audiences .  Disney reported that 65 percent of the picture 's audience was over the age of 18 .  If that 's the case , then those muppety adults all rushed out to see "  The Muppets " last week , thereby leaving the film somewhat front-loaded . Disney would be wise to release Miss Piggy out into the world to intimidate encourage more families to see the movie . The rest of the top five was occupied by other family films . Martin Scorsese 's "  Hugo , " a 3-D love letter to silent cinema , slipped 33 percent for $ 7.6 million . The movie 's small decline can be partly attributed to the fact that it added more than 500 theaters this weekend . "  Hugo " has so far taken in $ 25.2 million on a budget that 's reportedly at least $ 150 million . In fourth place , Sony 's "  Arthur Christmas " declined only 39 percent for $ 7.4 million . The well-reviewed holiday comedy should continue to hold up well as we approach Christmas Day . And "  Happy Feet Two " rounded out the top five by diving 55 percent for $ 6 million . In limited release , the George Clooney dramedy "  The Descendants " once again posted impressive numbers , grossing $ 5.2 million from 574 theaters . Fox Searchlight will expand the Oscar hopeful to 850 theaters on Friday . The silent film "  The Artist " also continued to make some noise with $ 206,000 from six locations . And , finally , the NC-17 drama "  Shame , " about a New York sex addict  Michael Fassbender  , debuted to a superb $ 361,000 at 10 theaters . The film may have trouble adding theaters beyond metropolitan areas because of its taboo rating . 1 . The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 -- $ 16.9 mil 2 . The Muppets -- $ 11.2 mil 3 . Hugo -- $ 7.6 mil 4 . Arthur Christmas -- $ 7.4 mil 5 . Happy Feet Two -- $ 6.0 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 " is still trailing the past two Twilight movies "  The Muppets " was the runner-up , plunging a sharp 62 percent Martin Scorsese 's "  Hugo , " a 3-D love letter to silent cinema , slipped 33 percent
Budget Travel  -- Thanks to a vibrant design culture and growing tourism industry , Spain now has some of the best boutique hotels on the continent -- including a recent wave of hotel chains that 's making chic accommodations affordable . The real estate boom has been a key factor . Spying the potential , many entrepreneurs snapped up 19th-century residential buildings and converted them . Gat , a trailblazer , operates two hotels in Barcelona 's Raval , a multicultural neighborhood just off Las Ramblas . Both feature abstract art , acid green walls , and stylishly minimalist furniture . Book weeks in advance for the Xino  more appealing than sister hotel , the Raval  . All its rooms have private baths , and you can admire the city skyline from the rooftop terrace  doubles from $ 70  $ 110   . The Room Mate chain is multiplying rapidly , with branches in Granada , Madrid , Malaga , Oviedo , Salamanca , Valencia and counting .  It first caught our attention last year .  But do n't think chain-like conformity . Each property , named after an imagined roommate , has its own personality , as interpreted by a crew of hot young interior designers . In Madrid , book Room Mate Alicia , a cultured , original , and slightly edgy creature , according to the owners . Near major museums , the hotel 's light-filled , airy rooms are stylish without going overboard on showy design elements . Ask for one that looks out over Santa Ana , the city 's hottest ` hood  doubles from $ 100  $ 157   . Hot is regularly used to describe Madrid these days -- and not just in reference to the climate . Finally stealing some of the limelight from Barcelona , Spain 's capital is going through a renaissance in food , design and counterculture . Visiting creative types head for fashionable Chueca and check in to Colors Host , decorated in a chromatic riot of shades . Book rooms 1 , 2 , 10 or 11 for an enclosed balcony overlooking Calle Fuencarral  doubles from $ 45 euros  $ 71   . At the other end of the spectrum , the Analina Rooms offers tastefully modernist brown-and-white interiors and breakfast next door at Maestro Churrero , a caf famous for the quintessential Spanish snack , chocolate con churros  doubles from $ 65  $ 102   . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2009 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Barcelona 's Gat hotels feature abstract art and stylishly minimalist furniture Room Mate has branches in a handful of Spanish cities In Madrid , Analina Rooms offers tastefully modernist brown-and-white interiors
CNN  -- Jim Nicholson could 've just handed over the cash . Instead , he gave the would-be robber a run for his money -- and paid for it . The 30-year-old bank teller said the suspect , dressed in black and wearing sunglasses , walked up to his counter at the Key Bank branch in suburban Seattle , Washington , demanding he fill the man 's bag with cash . "  So I grab the bag ... I threw it on the floor , " Nicholson told CNN Radio . He said he demanded the robber show him a weapon . When he realized there was none , Nicholson said , he lunged at the robber , chased him down the street , pinned him down and waited for the police . That was Tuesday of last week . He lost his job Thursday . Why ? "  Policy violation , " Nicholson said . "  Basically , we are supposed to comply with any robber that would come in . We 're supposed to just give him the money and let him go -- and obviously I did not do that . " Key Bank spokeswoman Anne Foster declined to comment on the incident , saying it 's under investigation , and Nicholson 's termination , saying it 's a personnel matter . "  What I can say is Key 's highest priority is to protect the safety of our employees and our clients , " she said . "  Our policies and procedures are in the best interest of public safety and they 're consistent with industry standards . " "  Money , after all , is insurable and it 's replaceable , " she added . "  Lives are not . " Nicholson said he knew about the company 's robbery policy before the incident , but said he acted on instinct . He found his dismissal a bit harsh , but said he does n't plan to challenge it . "  I think that they probably wanted to set an example , " he said . "  I do n't think they want other tellers to do the same thing . "	Jim Nicholson , 30-year-old bank teller said suspect demanded cash Nicholson demanded robber show him a weapon , then chased him down the street Pinned him down and waited for the police Key Bank branch in suburban Seattle , Washington , later fired him
Davos  CNN  -- Veterans of Davos often refer to nature 's awe-inspiring work as the Magic Mountain . The name comes from an early 20th century novel by Thomas Mann -- reflecting on life in an alpine health retreat , and the mystery of time in this breath-taking setting . Read more from John Defterios : Why Egypt 's transition is so painful Since the late 20th century , this ski resort has been synonymous with the World Economic Forum , which represents networking on its grandest scale . This year nearly 40 world leaders -- a record for this annual meeting -- 2000 plus executives and it seems an equal number of people in the media , like yours truly , are in pursuit of them all . The setting is certainly more chaotic then a decade ago . The agendas of the Fortune 500 chief executives are to filled with bi-lateral meetings and back door briefings to allow for the spontaneity that made this venue unique . I first came to Davos as a relatively junior correspondent in 1990 , two months after the fall of the Berlin Wall . It was arguably then , after nearly two decades in the conference business , when the forum became a fixture on the global calendar . Quest : U.S. economy to dominate Davos 2013 I can remember , quite vividly , working out of a bunker  like we do today  in the Davos Congress Centre . West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl sat side-by-side with his East German counterpart Hans Modrow . That meeting before the global community helped set the stage for monetary union , a huge unification fund for what became Eastern Germany and shortly thereafter German elections . The early 90s at Davos were dominated by European reconstruction after the fall of communism . Former party bosses came to the forum to convince business leaders that a transition to market economics could be delivered . Boris Yeltsin made his Davos appearance during that chaotic transition from the USSR to today 's Russia . Davos 2013 : New year , same old problems ? In 1992 , Chinese Premier Li Peng used the setting here in the Alps to articulate plans for the country 's economic opening up to the world . Not by chance , the architect of Washington 's engagement with Beijing , the former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger also took a high profile that year . Again only two years later in 1994 , Yasser Arafat and Shimon Peres walked hand in hand on stage , holding a public dialogue leading up to the creation and recognition of the Palestinian Authority . The World Economic Forum , as the saying goes , was positioned to be in the right place at the right time . While the author of the Magic Mountain talked about the complexity of time around World War I , in the 1990s time was compressed here . The fall of communism , the lowering of global trade barriers , the opening up of China , the removal of apartheid in South Africa and the proliferation of the internet all unfolded in that decade . Interactive : How 's your economic mood ? As those events came together , so too did the major players as they made the journey to Davos . Michael Bloomberg , evolving as a global name in financial data and now the Mayor of New York City , sat alongside Microsoft CEO Bill Gates . U.S. President Bill Clinton outlined his party 's historic move to the political center before a packed audience of global business executives . To spice things up , rock stars and actors , as they became activists , chose the Davos platform : Bono , Richard Gere , Sharon Stone , Brad and Angelina would have the wealthiest and most powerful corporate titans freeze in their tracks . Earlier this week , I walked into the main plenary hall as workers put the final touches on the stage and lighting . It is a venue which has welcomed countless political leaders and business executives , during internet booms and banking busts , in the midst of a Middle East crisis and even during the lead up to two Gulf Wars . But that inter-play between geo-politics and business -- during the best and worst of times -- is what keeps the forum relevant . It allows this setting at the base of the Magic Mountain to endure and recreate something unique during what Mann rightly described as the ongoing complexity of our times .	Since the late 20th Century , the ski resort of Davos has been synonymous with the World Economic Forum Defterios : I first came to Davos as a relatively junior correspondent , two months after the Berlin Wall fell Fall of Communism , China 's opening , removal of apartheid in South Africa unfolded in the 90s It 's the inter-play between geo-politics and business is what keeps the forum relevant
London  CNN  -- The rock band Black Sabbath have created music history on both sides of the Atlantic with the release of their new album "  13 . " The record has provided the band with their first number one album in the U.S. and their first album chart topper in the UK after an unprecedented 43 years . They have achieved the landmark by returning to their roots . It 's the band 's first album for more than three decades featuring vocalist Ozzy Osbourne along with fellow original band members guitarist Tony Iommi and bass player Geezer Butler . They credit producer Rick Rubin with helping them overcome their initial apprehension . "  He was really good for us " , says Butler "  and suggested we go back to the old spirit of how we used to do things like live in the studio , a jam , live in the studio kind of feel . And that gave us the direction to go in . " "  We tried it in 2001 " adds Osbourne "  and I think unconsciously we knew this was our last chance . If we had failed on this attempt people would have said ` ah it 's never gon na happen . ' I think it must be over 30 or 40 years since I listened to the first album because you know you move on and you challenge yourself . As I was saying earlier on , it 's like asking the Beatles to go back to ` Please Please Me ' and they would have gone ` what ? ' " That first album was recorded in just two days in the English city of Birmingham in 1969 . The band 's name was inspired by seeing people queuing to see a horror movie at a cinema in the city . Osbourne recalls : "  Black Sabbath was an after-thought cos originally we were a blues jazz band and someone said ` people pay money to see horror movies and get scared , why do n't we start writing scary music ? ' " Playing scary music produced a legacy that has influenced generations of rock bands and labeled Black Sabbath as godfathers of heavy metal . But the band has an uneasy relationship with their musical offspring . "  I have never ever ever been able to attach myself to the word ` heavy metal ' -- it has no musical connotations , " Osbourne says . "  If it was heavy rock I could get that but the 70s was kind of like a bluesy thing , the 80s was kind of bubblegum-frosted hair , multicolored clothes and the 90s was kind of grungy . People come up to me and say ` your Sabbath work was a big influence on me . ' I could go ` Oh yeah I can see that ' but other bands ... what part of that is inspired by us ? Some of it is just angry people screaming down a microphone ! " The band had to overcome several obstacles to complete the new album . Original drummer Bill Ward was replaced by Rage Against the Machine 's Brad Wilk on the new album after a contractual dispute . And Tony Iommi was diagnosed with cancer . "  If it was me I 'd just go "  I 'm out of here " says Osbourne "  but he never complained once , he just kept it to himself , I 'd be thinking this is the end if it was me . My wife beat cancer . I did n't know if anyone could beat cancer . " "  He was an inspiration to us during the album " adds Butler . "  Nothing would stand in his way . He just got on with it and through it and I thought if he can do that then I can do that so we persevered with it . " Ozzy Osbourne recently apologized to his band mates and wife Sharon after admitting he 'd relapsed into a cycle of drink and drugs . But he says he 's been sober now for four months and ready to take the album on the road . They say the touring experience now is very different to their wildest days . "  It 's great " says Osbourne . "  I do n't go to clubs or bars , I stay in my room . " "  Do the gig then go to bed ! " laughs Butler . Man had not long since set foot on the moon when Black Sabbath had their first number one album in the UK . It took a record-breaking interval of 42 years and eight months to repeat the feat . At times it may have felt like the beginning of the end for the band but in the words of one of their album 's stand-out tracks it may in fact be merely the "  End of the Beginning . " Osbourne ends in reflective mood . "  Black Sabbath was n't some band created by a London mogul . We were four guys who had a dream that became bigger than expectations . It 's been the best thing that ever happened to me . "	Black Sabbath creates history with the release of their new album "  13 " Record is their first No. 1 album in U.S. , first UK chart topper in 43 years Singer Ozzy Osbourne says "  this was our last chance " to return to their roots Osbourne says he 's uncomfortable with legacy as godfather of heavy metal
If you 're looking for an industry that 's thriving even during these tough economic times , look to the hair industry . It may be the closest thing to recession-proof . According to Census data , the number of barbershops in Maryland rose nearly 11 % between 2007 -- when the recession hit -- and 2009 , while the number of beauty salons in the state jumped more than 17 % . Nationwide , there were 18.6 % more barber shops and 14.4 % more beauty salons in 2009 than in 2007 . "  Barbering is definitely on the upswing . We see it in our schools . The enrollment is up , " said Derek Davis , a vice president of the National Association of Barber Boards of America . "  We 've seen an increased number of people taking the exam to get licensing . " Tarsa Scott , a real estate agent turned stylist at Fabulocs , a natural hair salon in suburban Maryland , chalked up the sector 's strength to one thing : the desire to look and feel good . "  Most people -- especially women -- even when there are bad times , we want to feel good , " said Scott , who got an office job after the housing market collapsed , but turned to hair styling to supplement her income . "  We 're not going to sacrifice feeling beautiful just because we 're in a bad situation . " Janice Washington , who comes to the salon every three weeks or so , said she has stopped spending as much money on shoes in order to keep getting her hair done . "  It 's a necessity , because I do want to keep my hair looking like it 's well-maintained . " Fabulocs owner Nimat Bilal said business has always been strong and is only getting better . It 's a job that can not be outsourced . It has to be done locally . "  I 've never felt the economy with the business I 'm in , " Bilal said . In another sign of the effect the recession has had on even educated workers in other industries , seven of the nine stylists at Fabulocs have college degrees . Bilal works just three days a week and makes enough money to survive . She also trains stylists like Scott , with the help of her sister Aisha , who has a master 's degree in education . She lost her job at a nonprofit in 2009 . "  A lot of the ladies that work here , some of them were clients who lost their jobs and they saw business was good and wanted to know how they could get involved , " Bilal said . Scott began working at Fabulocs after completing a six-month training course . She now plans to quit her office job . She 's one of several stylists at the salon who spent years working in other professions before turning to hairstyling during the economic downturn . Two years ago , as other industries struggled , Bilal moved to a larger space to accommodate the growing number of people who wanted to work with her . She rents booths to the stylists , who use them to run their own mini-salons , building their own clientele and marketing their skills . "  This is the business to be in . It 's consistent and it 's growing , " Bilal said .	The number of barbershops and beauty salons rose between 2007 and 2009 Stylist Tarsa Scott attributes growth to the desire to look and feel good Seven of the nine stylists at Fabulocs salon have college degrees
London , England  CNN  -- The iconic Abbey Road Studios made famous by the Beatles are being declared a national historic landmark , British Culture Minister Margaret Hodge announced Tuesday . "  My favorite song of all time , ` If I fell ' by the Beatles , was recorded there in 1964 , and to have played a part in preserving this world-famous venue is as exciting for me as hearing that song for the first time . Well , almost ! " Hodge said in a statement . "  Whether your tastes are for classical , hard rock or pop music , one of your favourites is more than likely to have recorded at Abbey Road , " she added . The studios became an international cultural touchstone when the Beatles were photographed crossing the road there for the cover of their album "  Abbey Road . " But it 's not only where the Beatles recorded "  All You Need is Love " and numerous other songs , but where much of Britain 's best known music of the 20th century was laid down . Rock stars Pink Floyd and Cliff Richard , composer Sir Edward Elgar , and the movie soundtracks for "  Star Wars " and the "  Harry Potter " films were recorded there . Hodge declared the site in west London a Grade II listed building based on its "  outstanding cultural interest . " The classification means that "  although changes to the interior are not prohibited , care must be taken to ensure that any alterations with respect to its character and interest are fully considered , " the ministry said . There was intense speculation last week that the studios were for sale , but the owner shot down the notion on Sunday . The music label that owns them is seeking a partner to help pay for upgrades , according to Terra Firma , which controls record label EMI , the owner of the recording studios . "  EMI confirms that it is holding preliminary discussions for the revitalization of Abbey Road with interested and appropriate third parties , " Terra Firma said Sunday . But that does not mean the studios are for sale , it added . "  In mid-2009 , we did receive an offer to buy Abbey Road for in excess of # 30 million  currently about $ 46 million  , but this was rejected since we believe that Abbey Road should remain in EMI 's ownership , " the music company said in a statement . The company said Sunday it supported the listing of the building as a historic landmark , before the culture ministry 's announcement . Terra Firma bought EMI in 2007 . Andrew Lloyd Webber , the composer of "  Phantom of the Opera " and "  Cats " and one of Britain 's richest men , is "  very interested " in buying the studios , a representative said Friday . "  He first recorded there in 1967 with Tim Rice . Andrew has since recorded most of his musicals there , " said the representative , Jenni Pain . "  He thinks it is vital that the studios are saved for the future of the music industry in the UK . Abbey Road has such great facilities , with three major recording studios , and Andrew has probably brought more musicians to record there than anyone else , because it has the capacity to record large orchestral productions . " CNN 's Per Nyberg and Morgan Neill contributed to this report .	Abbey Road Studios given Grade II listed building status for "  outstanding cultural interest " The studios ' owner , music label EMI says it 's holding talks to revitalize them Speculation was rife that the studios made famous by Beatles would be sold Much of Britain 's best known music of 20 century has been recorded there
CNN  -- Here 's a question for die-hard "  Game of Thrones " fans . Is your reaction to newly launched tours of "  Game of Thrones " filming locations a  tittering fanjoy at the thought of seeing King 's Landing in real life , or b  uneasy fear that touring the modern day castle without a sadistic boy-king inside it would impede your suspension of disbelief ? Either way , beginning this summer , devotees of topless fantasy , medieval bloodlust , flayings , dragons , direwolves , White Walkers and Peter Dinklage will be able to visit locations used in the filming of the epic HBO series . San Francisco-based online travel company Viator has announced the launch of two "  Game of Thrones " tours , one in Dubrovnik , Croatia , the other in Belfast , Northern Ireland . The cities and surrounding areas serve as settings for fictional locales depicted in the series . 10 of the best medieval walled cities Dating to the seventh century , the walled city of Dubrovnik serves as the official setting of King 's Landing , capital of the Seven Kingdoms . Highlights of the three-hour Dubrovnik walking tour include the ancient city walls and 11th century Lovrijenac Fortress , where battle scenes , including Stannis Baratheon 's Battle of the Blackwater at King 's Landing , were filmed . Belfast tour sites The nine-hour Belfast tour  an epic in itself  takes in sites around Northern Ireland , including the caves where red priestess Melisandre of Asshai gave birth to an evil shadow-baby assassin , and Ballycastle , setting for the Free Cities where the eunuch Lord Varys was born as a slave . The tour continues to Dark Hedges , where Ned Stark 's fierce , tomboy daughter Arya reinvented herself as a boy , then moves on to Lordsport Harbour , where unlucky traitor Theon Greyjoy returned to his homeland of the Iron Islands . Also included is Downhill Strand , the real world setting for Dragonstone , where Melisandre burned the Seven Idols of Westeros on the beach as an offering to her Lord of Light . Hanging out in Hobbiton : The Hobbit 's stunning movie set The Belfast tour also throws in locations that have n't been featured in the show but are iconic in themselves , such as the Giant 's Causeway . "  Movie and TV-themed tours have always been popular on Viator.com -- ` Harry Potter , ' ` Downton Abbey ' and ` Sex and the City , ' to name a few , " says Viator spokesperson Kate Sullivan , adding that the company began taking bookings shortly after the new tours were announced . "  Given the popularity of ` Game of Thrones , ' not to mention the amazing backdrops provided by the shows ' filming locations , we knew these would be very well received . " The tours are operated independently of the show . Viator says its guides will be completely fluent in all things Thrones , meaning it may be worth taking a tour if only to get a credible explanation of just exactly what the hell is going on in the show . "  Game of Thrones " Walking Tour of Dubrovnik departs daily at 10:15 a.m. from Dubrovnik Old Town and costs start at $ 72 for adults , $ 36 for children . "  Game of Thrones " and Giant 's Causeway Tour departs at 9 a.m.  minivan pickups arranged from various central Belfast hotels  and costs start at $ 110 per person .	Online travel company Viator launches two "  Game of Thrones " tours Dubrovnik , Croatia , serves as setting for fictional King 's Landing Belfast and Northern Ireland tour visits cave where Melisandre gave birth Viator also books "  Harry Potter " and "  Downton Abbey " tours
CNN  -- Top International Atomic Energy Agency officials arrived in Iran Sunday , state media reported , after the head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog expressed fresh concerns that the Islamic republic was trying to develop nuclear weapons . The six-member delegation , including chief inspector Herman Nackaerts , arrived at Tehran 's Imam Khomeini International Airport , Press TV reported . "  We are trying ... to resolve all the outstanding issues with Iran , " Nackaerts told reporters earlier , as he was about to leave Vienna , Austria , according to Press TV . "  We are looking forward to the start of a dialogue , a dialogue that is overdue . " A mission to Iran by such a senior team -- which also includes the agency 's second-in-command , Rafael Grossi -- is unusual , the agency said when it announced the visit on Monday . The team is due to be in Iran through Tuesday , the IAEA says . The announcement of the mission came shortly after the European Union imposed a tough round of new sanctions on Iran , aimed at cutting off funding to the country 's nuclear program . The United States and Australia have also ramped up sanctions on Iran in the past week . The United States and its allies think Tehran is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Iran denies it . Speaking Friday at the Davos Forum in Switzerland , energy agency Director General Yukiya Amano told reporters the visit is intended "  to clarify the issues with possible military dimensions . "  We are not very sure whether Iran has declared everything and , therefore , we are not very sure that everything stays in peaceful purpose , " he said . "  In addition , we have information that Iran has engaged in activities related to the development of nuclear weapons . Therefore , we need to clarify . " "  The preparations have gone well , but we need to see what actually happens when the mission arrives , " he said . Inspectors are in and out of the country regularly , an agency spokeswoman said Monday , but a high-level visit of the kind taking place at the end of the month is more unusual . Iran 's envoy to the energy agency said Saturday he was hopeful the trip will "  resolve any ambiguity and show  our  transparency and cooperation with the agency . " "  This trip is aimed at neutralizing enemy plots ... and baseless allegations , and proving the peaceful nature of our nuclear activities , " Ali Asghar Soltanieh told state-run Islamic Republican News Agency . Amano said that the energy agency proposed the mission , and Iranian authorities "  agreed to accept " it . But the Islamic news agency reported Nackaerts is traveling at Tehran 's invitation . Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has said he was ready to discuss the program with a group of world powers that have been having on-and-off negotiations with the country over its nuclear ambitions -- including Britain , China , France , Germany , Russia and the United States . The energy agency reported in November that it can no longer verify that the Iranian nuclear program remains peaceful , and Iran is under increasing international pressure to halt its nuclear fuel work . Western sanctions have targeted its currency , the rial , driving up prices for goods within Iran , and the European Union announced Monday that it would stop importing Iranian oil as of July 1 in an effort to starve the country 's nuclear program of funding . In response , an Iranian official said Sunday that Tehran would stop oil exports to "  certain countries , " soon , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Oil Minister Rostam Qassemi made the statement after a cabinet meeting Sunday , as Iranian lawmakers are debating whether to halt oil exports to European countries , IRNA reported .	A six-member International Atomic Energy Agency arrives in Tehran , Iranian media says The agency head worries that Iran is trying to build nuclear weapons , he says Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes The IAEA chief has said he hopes to trip can "  clarify " military dimensions of Iran 's program
CNN  -- Switzerland 's Massimo Busacca has been selected to referee Wednesday 's Champions League final between Barcelona and Manchester United in Rome on Wednesday -- UEFA have confirmed on their official Web site UEFA.com Massimo Busacca refereed the 2007 UEFA Cup and one of the semifinals from Euro 2008 . Busacca , 40 , will be assisted by his compatriots Matthias Arnet and Francesco Buragina , while the fourth official will be Claudio Circhetta . Busacca has been an international referee since 1999 and has taken charge of 32 Champions League matches , including six this season . Among the top club matches he has overseen are this year 's Champions League quarterfinal second leg between Porto and Manchester United and the 2007 UEFA Cup final between Sevilla and Espanyol in Glasgow . On the international stage , Busacca was also in charge of the Euro 2008 semifinal between Germany and Turkey and the 2006 World Cup last 16 match between Argentina and Mexico . Meanwhile , authorities in Rome have enforced a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol as they attempt to stave off the threat of trouble between 67,000 Barcelona and Manchester United fans . In a bid to avoid incidents , local authorities have banned the sale of alcohol throughout the city and in airports and stations from 11pm on Tuesday until 6am on Thursday morning . "  It will not be a militarised city , " Rome authority spokesman Giovanni Pecorari told Press Association Sport . "  All the necessary measures have been taken in order to give the best possible image of this city . "	Massimo Busacca selected to referee Champions League final on Wednesday 40-year-old Swiss will be accompanied by team of three compatriots in Rome Busacca refereed the 2007 UEFA Cup final and one of Euro 2008 semifinals Rome authorities enforce a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol before the final
CNN  -- Women are not powerless . Look at Nigeria . It 's impossible not to be outraged by the capture of hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls by a terrorist group , and by the inexcusable delay in pursuing the armed men who took them . For women , in particular , the continuing drama has ignited a particularly powerful response . Women in many countries are vulnerable and victimized , but they are fighting back in unexpected places with the built-up fury of long held frustration . And they are getting results . Women are no longer powerless . Let there be no doubt : The reason the United States is sending help , Nigeria is accepting it and the entire world is paying attention is that the women of Nigeria demanded it . Nigerian women from the town of Chibok in the northeastern Borno state , the mothers , sisters , relatives and friends of the schoolgirls , launched their protests and set off the #BringBackOurGirls campaign that swept away weeks of international apathy . At a rally in Abuja , one woman held up a sign that read "  Can Anyone Hear Me ? " The long-delayed answer was a most emphatic "  Yes , " which resonated across the oceans and echoed in the Nigerian presidential palace . Sure , the decisions are mostly up to male politicians , but in Washington , all the women members of the Senate , 20 of them , signed a letter to the president of the United States demanding a firm response . They did it without hesitation and without regard to political affiliation . The tragedy of the Nigerian girls was grotesquely highlighted in a video by a laughing Abubakr Shekau , the leader of Boko Haram . He declared "  Allah says I should sell . He commands me to sell . I will sell women . " The revolting message encapsulated the distilled essence of women 's plight in many corners of the world . And the response shows a phenomenon of both spontaneous and organized pushback from women 's groups , from the millions of men who join them , and from the forces that social media can unleash across cyberspace . It is a movement that begins with the grassroots , moves into cyberspace and powers its way into the halls of power . Women have had enough . There is a reason that Malala Yousefzai has become a major international figure , a hero especially to women . It is , of course , about her bravery . Gunmen belonging to the Pakistani Taliban boarded the bus that was bringing the 14-year-old champion of girls ' education and her friends from school . They shot her in the face . The Taliban oppose girls ' education with that obsessive fervor displayed by the most radical Islamist groups , who want to take all Muslims back to the 7th century . They could not kill her and they could no silence her . Instead , they made her stronger , and they made her voice louder . In Afghanistan , when the Taliban came to power , one of its first acts was to shut down women 's schools and ban women from universities . They did it under the guise of enforcing Islamic rules . Religious pretexts are common . But they are nothing more than an excuse . Like the Taliban , Boko Haram finds it particularly offensive that girls should receive an education . Shenkau appears on the latest video holding his AK-47 , offering his considered advice . "  Girls should go and get married , " he said , adding he would give them in marriage "  at the age of 9 " ... at the age of 12 , "  because they are our slaves . " It 's no wonder frustration is boiling over . Consider the recent news from Indonesia 's Aceh province , where a woman was raped by eight men as punishment for having an affair . Now an official Shariah court has sentenced her to a humiliating public caning . Women are fed up . And it 's not all about the work of Muslim extremists . In late 2012 , emotions boiled over in India after the horrific gang rape of a student riding a city bus in Mumbai . The woman came to be known as Nirbhaya , which means "  the fearless one , " in Hindi . Nirbhaya , who had left home to study physiotherapy , had plans to show the Indian people that a woman could realize her dreams . She was planning to give free health care to the poor . Instead , she died at 23 , when six men on the bus she took with her boyfriend attacked her with such brutality that she died from internal injuries . Nirbhaya shook India 's women . She jolted the country . In massive demonstrations Indian women joined by thousands of men demanded the government take action to stop the epidemic of rape . The world was horrified . The government vowed to act , but there is much left to be done in a country dominated by men on all spheres of society . Women endure the brunt of the worst aspects of repression and exploitation . As many as 30 million people are slaves today . Most of them are sex slaves working in brothels and enduring other forms of captivity . And 98 % of the sex slaves are women and girls . Cases like the Nigerian girls , still unaccounted for , and millions sold into bondage are the most urgent , the most dramatic . But they are only a part of the problem . They are so outrageous , so offensive , that they leave no room for moral equivocation . Just a few days ago , the world was barely paying attention to Nigeria 's abducted schoolgirls . Today , the whole world is watching , help is on the way . That is what the women of Nigeria have accomplished -- not quite what Boko Haram had in mind .	Frida Ghitis : Women of Nigeria got the world to pay attention to mass kidnapping of girls Ghitis : Women endure the brunt of the worst aspects of repression and exploitation But women in many repressive countries are fighting back against injustice , she says Ghitis : Pushback from women 's groups combined with social media gets results
CNN  -- There is nothing wrong with professional athletes expressing their opinions about social or political issues . Just because you slip on a helmet or swing a racquet does n't mean you do n't have the right to voice an opinion on politics , the economy , faith or any other issue in America . However , Charles Barkley 's recent comments about the Ferguson grand jury decision and the subsequent unrest across the nation are n't just off-the-cuff comments from an athlete waxing political during an interview . For the last several years Barkley has fashioned himself as some type of hard-truth-telling cultural critic -- especially on issues of race in America . What his Ferguson commentary makes obvious is that he 's just an uninformed rich guy who is given way more credibility than he deserves when discussing racial and political issues in America . In an interview on a Philadelphia sports radio station , the conversation meandered from sports to politics as Barkley began to express his frustration with looters and violence in the wake of the Ferguson grand jury decision to not indict Officer Darren Wilson for the death of Michael Brown . Barkley 's comments that those people damaging businesses and attacking police are "  scumbags " is pretty boilerplate stuff that most Americans , including peaceful protesters , would agree with , even if different words were used . It was when Barkley began his riffs on race that things went out of bounds . "  The true story came out from the grand jury testimony , " Barkley said , citing that "  three or four witnesses , who were black , said exactly what the cop said . " In reference to Eric Garner 's death at the hands of New York police he went even further . "  When the cops are trying to arrest you , if you fight back , things go wrong . I do n't think they were trying to kill Mr. Garner . He was a big man and they tried to get him down . " And then he followed up with generalized comments that there are lots of black criminals out there and that essentially black people are the cause of most of their problems with white police . In an interview with CNN , Barkley said , "  We as black people , we have a lot of crooks . We ca n't just wait until something like  the Brown shooting  happens . We have to look at ourselves in the mirror . " "  There is a reason that they racially profile us in the way they do . Sometimes it is wrong , and sometimes it is right , " Barkley said . The problem with these statements is n't just that they are misleading -- 16 out of 29 witness statements said that Mike Brown had his hands up to surrender , in direct conflict with Darren Wilson 's story ; and police used a banned choke hold on Eric Garner , a measure that was known to cause death -- but that Charles Barkley is uniquely and astoundingly unqualified to discuss issues of race , law and police violence . If property damage makes you a scumbag , then how would we describe someone who , in the 1990s , got into bar fights , throwing a man face first through a store window ?  Barkley , who said he was provoked , was fined and sentenced to community service in that incident . If black folks need to take more responsibility how would you describe a black man who drives drunk , runs a red light and explains to police that he was rushing home to have sex with the woman in the passenger seat ? If those actions make you a scumbag , or show lack of responsibility , then Barkley should let it be known he 's talking about himself . Because he has been charged with crimes over the course of his career but somehow he never ended up shot , or dead , and has spent three days in jail . Charles Barkley 's personal failings do n't disqualify him from social commentary , but his hypocrisy does . Charles Barkley is a very , very rich man , whose fame and celebrity have protected him from the kind of hostility and harassment from the police that thousands of other Americans , especially African-Americans , experience every day . It 's easy for Charles Barkley to lecture protesters and looters and mourning families about how to deal with anger . But most Americans ca n't defuse a "  tense " police situation with the aid of celebrity . Nevertheless , Barkley 's hypocrisy about his own privilege and lack of real knowledge about Ferguson would n't be so bad if media outlets did n't keep giving him major opportunities to express his views . This preposterous phenomenon is captured perfectly by his "  NBA on TNT " co-host Kenny "  The Jet " Smith in an open letter to Barkley released on Wednesday . "  However , what I consistently find interesting is how writers and media members view your insights in politics , and now race relations , with the same reverence as your insights in sports . "  It 's not that you should n't ever have an opinion , but you are often quoted alongside the likes of Al Sharpton and even President Obama . I would hope that Sharpton or President Obama would never be referenced with you when picking the next NBA Champs ! "  The body of work that our Black Civil Rights leaders put in by planning , executing and activating does not justify you being in the conversation . " In other words , Charles Barkley gets a huge forum to talk about cases like Ferguson and the killing of Trayvon Martin because he 's black and famous , not because he 's informed , or credible or even representative of any segment of the population . And while that might make for entertaining television , it certainly does n't amount to social criticism anyone should take seriously . Whether it was Serena Williams on rape , or Reggie White on Asians , or Luke Scott on Obama , athletes say offensive or dumb things about politics and culture all the time , but analysts and journalists always give them a soft landing . This is usually done by pointing out that said athlete is a Hall of Famer , or was great in some playoff series or donates to charity . Charles Barkley does n't deserve that soft landing anymore . If networks are going to lob him easy questions about larger social issues , he should have to defend what he says just like any other guest . But if his comments over the last few years are any indicator , he probably ca n't . In other words , if Sir Charles wants to post up in the world of politics about Ferguson , then he needs to get more informed , more prepared and more connected to what he 's talking about . There 's no room for him in the court of public opinion when lives , property and the health of our democracy are at stake . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Charles Barkley weighed in on Ferguson , Garner , racial profiling Jason Johnson : Barkley is entitled to his opinions , but hypocrisy is evident He says Barkley is insulated from what most black men face
CNN  -- When Qatar won the bid to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup there was much pomp and pageantry in the tiny Persian Gulf state . Ever since then , however , the successful bid has been dogged by controversy . Issues relating to the feasibility of playing in scorching summer temperatures , the conditions of migrant workers building World Cup infrastructure and allegations of bribery and corruption have all been raised . The latest are reports from the UK 's Sunday Times newspaper claiming a Qatari official paid more than $ 5 million to secure support for his country 's bid . That prompted some of FIFA 's main partners -- who are believed to pay around $ 180 million in sponsorships -- like Adidas and Sony to voice their concerns . "  We expect these allegations to be investigated appropriately , and continue to expect FIFA to adhere to its principles of integrity , ethics and fair play across all aspects of its operations , " Sony said in a statement . An independent FIFA investigator is looking into the claims and his findings are expected in July . Qatar says they are cooperating in the probe and that it won the bid fairly . But the debate has now raised questions about whether Qatar could lose the 2022 tournament . Some like UEFA boss , Michel Platini , believe a re-vote is necessary if corruption accusations are proven . As a result , doubt has been cast on whether the country should continue its preparations . Work on the first stadium has already begun and the government has earmarked much of this year 's $ 62 billion budget for World Cup infrastructure spending . Without the tournament , some building plans could slow down . "  The decline in construction activities is going to have an impact on overall GDP growth , " said Farouk Soussa , chief economist for the Middle East at Citigroup Global Markets . "  If you look long term , the bigger risk is the loss of brand Qatar . " "  Qatar has ambitions to be the regional hub for congress , finance , tourism , etc. . The world cup was an integral part of that plan , " Soussa added . But Qatari officials say plans will go ahead . "  First we are confident that the world cup will be in Qatar in 2022 . Second nothing will stop , everything will go forward in fast steps , " said Rashid bin Ali Al-Mansoori , CEO of the Qatar Stock Exchange . "  As we saw in Qatar there are so many projects that started even before the announcement of winning the World Cup ... the hospital , the metro , the stadium , the airports , the new ports , the Lusail cities . " "  All these are , you know , for the generations to come . It 's not only for one event , " Al-Mansoori added . Still , the uncertainty sent jitters through Qatar 's financial markets after the initial Sunday Times report emerged . Roughly $ 5 billion was wiped off the main stock exchange in the first two days , although some of those losses were later made back . Yet despite the significant impact of these financial shocks , economists point out the country still has its enormous gas wealth to fall back on . It remains the world largest exporter of liquefied natural gas , a fact that 's not expected to change any time soon . "  Qatar 's cost of extraction is much , much lower than all these new emerging sources are so Qatar always has a cost advantage in terms of providing gas to the market , " said Soussa . "  The other thing is that of course Qatar has long term contracts in place that are very aggressive in tying in 20 , 30 year contracts , so Its market share is relatively stable , " he added . Whether this could change for better or worse if the Gulf state loses the right to host the 2022 World Cup , however , remains to be seen .	Corruption allegations have been made regarding Qatar 's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup Reports claim Qatari official paid more than $ 5 million to secure support for his country 's bid Experts say claims could damage Qatar 's image but economy should remain strong
CNN  The holidays are officially over for Sebastian Vettel -- the Formula One racer has started his new job with Ferrari . The 27-year-old is driving into the unknown after ending his rewarding relationship with Red Bull Racing , which powered him to four straight world titles and 44 grand prix victories . It was Vettel 's decision to quit Red Bull for Ferrari , a decision he said was partly inspired by a desire to follow in the footsteps of his racing idol Michael Schumacher . But despite his willingness to replace Fernando Alonso at Ferrari , the team suggested it was the new boss who persuaded Vettel to a turn up for a first day at the office . The team said in a statement : "  At the request of Team Principal Maurizio Arrivabene , Sebastian Vettel came to Maranello to visit the Gestione Sportiva . "  The purpose of the tour was to allow the four time world champion to visit all the departments and to get better acquainted with everyone he will be working with this season . " Vettel was seen wearing the distinctive scarlet colors of Ferrari for the first time and ended his Italian road trip by posing for a photograph with his new teammates . Ferrari will unveil its car on January 30 ahead of the 2015 season , which starts in Australia on March 15 . It will take to the track for the first preseason test in Jerez , Spain during the first four days of February . But there wo n't be a No. 1 on Vettel 's chassis -- that honor will go to Mercedes rival Lewis Hamilton , now a double world champion -- and instead Vettel will race under the No. 5 . That could be the least of the changes the German has to cope with in his unfamiliar circumstances . Ferrari failed to win a race in 2014 for the first time since 1993 and finished fourth in the constructor standings . Arrivabene , who was the third man to occupy the position of Ferrari team principal in 2014 , has set Vettel and his teammate Kimi Raikkonen a target of at least two race victories in the coming season . "  Vettel brings with him the experience of winning , " Arrivabene , who joined from American tobacco company Phillip Morris , said at a media conference in December . "  He is well equipped for the job that awaits him . "	Sebastian Vettel has started his new job with Ferrari The four time world champion joined the Italian team after quitting Red Bull Vettel was summoned by Ferrari team principal to the Scuderia 's headquarters
What do Harry Reid and Wil.I.Am have in common ? Well , like Common  the rapper  , they and dozens of other big-name celebrities are in Charlotte this week for the Democratic National Convention . Even though President Barack Obama 's big acceptance speech was moved indoors due to weather concerns , Thursday night is expected to be the big night for stars to shine . Singer/songwriter James Taylor and recording artists Marc Anthony , Mary J. Blige and The Foo Fighters graced the main stage of the convention . And CNN 's Shannon Travis was the first to report that Scarlett Johansson , Natalie Portman and Kerry Washington , all Hollywood royalty , have been secretly scheduled to speak the same night that President Obama and Vice President Joe Biden will accept their party 's respective nominations . R&B band Earth , Wind and Fire was also scheduled to perform , but canceled after the change of the convention location to a smaller venue . Actor Khalil Kain was spotted walking Uptown 's crowded streets during the convention 's kickoff event on Labor Day . Across from a vendor selling pro-Obama t-shirts and buttons , Kain told CNN that Obama is "  the hardest working president I 've ever seen . " Actress and activist Rosario Dawson joined CNN at the CNN Grill Monday and Tuesday night . She 's making her away around the DNC on a mission to get more Latinos to vote in November . After leaving a VotoLatino policy forum , Dawson joined an immigration reform protest where undocumented immigrants were arrested , The Charlotte Observer reports . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux talked with CSI New York 's Hill Harper about his personal relationship with Obama . Harper went to Harvard Law School with Obama and has known him for over 20 years . "  I 've been impressed with the type of man he is , what he stands for . " Longtime Obama supporter and actor Kal Penn addressed the DNC in a comedic speech in which he created his own hashtag  #sexyface  , and discussed his love for the president in a style mocking Clint Eastwood . "  Thank you , invisible man in the chair , for that . And for giving my friends access to affordable health insurance and doubling funding for the Pell Grant . " Kal Penn brings #sexyface to the DNC Actors spotted on the convention floor this week : -- John Leguizamo . "  Obama creates the egalitarian equal opportunity America that I love to be apart of and it made me who I am today . " -- Alfre Woodard . "  This president has been more active and accomplished more than any other president in this country . " -- Tim Daley . "  I think the fact that he 's achieved what he has , which I do n't want to underestimate because it is significant , is miraculous considering the opposition . " -- Gabby Douglas , Olympic gold medalist , who led the DNC in the Pledge of Allegiance Wednesday . The "  Desperate Housewives " actress Eva Longoria sat down with Piers Morgan and discussed her role as an Obama surrogate . "  I 've been speaking to two big communities important to the president -- the women 's community and the Latino community -- and so I will be speaking about those issues , a little narrative about my American Dream and how I 'm living proof of that . " Longoria hosted a party Wednesday night with a performance by Flo Rida . Spotted at the CNN Grill in Charlotte Other celebrities spotted around the DNC : -- Jeff Bridges -- Anthony Hamilton -- Ashley Judd -- John Legend -- Janelle Monae -- Perez Hilton -- Adrian Grenier -- Amber Riley -- Lynn Whitfield	Despite bad weather , stars shining at Charlotte convention James Taylor , Mary J. Blige , and the Foo Fighters among those gracing the main stage Members of Hollywood royalty come out to support Obama/Biden ticket
Washington  CNN  -- In one ill-fated fundraiser , Mitt Romney managed to offend Palestinians , Latinos and some of the same people he 's counting on for support if he wants to unseat President Barack Obama . It is n't the first time Romney 's oratory fumbles have put his campaign on its heels , handed opponents material to push the stereotype of him as an out-of-touch businessman and provoked members of the party 's conservative base to question his worthiness as their standard-bearer . "  Everybody has the same reaction : ` dumb , dumb , dumb , ' " said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics , adding that Romney 's gaffes reinforce a sitcom-like caricature of the candidate . Opinion : What 's wrong with Romney After the tape , recorded during a May 17 private fundraiser at the home of Sun Capital executive Marc Leder , made the rounds on Monday , Romney convened a hastily scheduled news conference Monday night in which he said his comments were "  off the cuff " and "  not elegantly stated . " However , he defended the main message of his remarks , saying he that while he could have made them "  more clearly , " he said he was trying to point out the differences between his and Obama 's campaigns . Democratic pundits gloated and were content to let Romney 's words speak for themselves . "  I mean , I do n't think Democrats had much to say at all . I mean , there was n't much left to say , " Democratic strategist Richard Socarides said on CNN 's "  Early Start . " "  Look , I mean , I think that , you know , big picture , this is a -- was a devastating moment for Governor Romney , potentially fatal , as people start to focus on this campaign . " Narratives at work Another Democratic strategist said that Romney 's comments played into the two narratives that they have pushed : "  First , that he does n't care about the middle class . Well , thanks for the help , Mitt , " Paul Begala , a CNN contributor and a senior adviser in the leading pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA , said on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  On the second front ... in order to give big tax cuts for the rich , Mitt Romney is going to have to raise taxes on the middle class . Well , when you 're claiming to wealthy people that 47 percent of Americans do n't pay federal income tax , I think a lot of those people , retirees , working class folks are going to listen to that and think , ` Gee , I guess the Democrats are right . I guess he does want to raise the taxes on the middle class in order to help the rich . ' " Republican strategist Margaret Hoover , who served in the Bush White House , said the comments would wound Romney but it would n't be a fatal one . Video threatens Romney campaign "  You can understand while he tripped over his words , it probably was n't characterized the best way . I think we can all agree with that , " she said on "  Early Start . " "  You can understand what he was trying to say . Do we have a systemic problem in this country when you have almost 50 percent of people not paying any federal income taxes ? And he 's running on a platform that would fundamentally change the tax code so that you lower the base , broaden the base and lower tax rates across the board . " Reaction from other conservatives was mixed . While some some applauded Romney 's comments , others saw them as reinforcing why they questioned his legitimacy . CNN contributor and conservative blogger Erick Erickson tweeted : "  Dammit ! I 'm just now seeing these Romney secret videos . We need that guy on the campaign trail ! " Others , such as New York Times columnist , David Brooks , wrote "  Romney 's comment is a country-club fantasy . It 's what self-satisfied millionaires say to each other . It reinforces every negative view people have about Romney . " And conservative commentator Bill Kristol , a frequent critic of Romney , called the remarks "  stupid and arrogant . " "  It 's worth recalling that a good chunk of the 47 percent who do n't pay income taxes are Romney supporters  $ " especially of course seniors  who might well "  believe they are entitled to heath care , " a position Romney agrees with  , as well as many lower-income Americans  including men and women serving in the military  who think conservative policies are better for the country even if they 're not getting a tax cut under the Romney plan . So Romney seems to have contempt not just for the Democrats who oppose him , but for tens of millions who intend to vote for him , " Kristol posted on The Weekly Standard on Tuesday . Romney campaign responds A Romney adviser tried to put the comments in context : "  What he 's saying is there are people out there who do n't pay taxes , unfortunately , " Bay Buchanan , a senior adviser , said on CNN 's "  Starting Point " on Tuesday . "  They 're in a position where they 're dependent on government , and those individuals are -- those Americans are voting for Barack Obama . They 're in his backyard . And so those are people that I 'm not going to be able to reach with my 20 percent tax cut or my cuts in spending because they would be concerned . It 's not going to impact them getting a 20 percent tax cut . They do n't pay taxes . " Romney 's comments were recorded by a hidden camera and posted Monday afternoon on the left-leaning news websites Mother Jones and The Huffington Post . Romney argued nearly half of Americans will vote for Obama because they rely on government support . Adding to his argument about entitlement , Romney said his "  job is not to worry about those people . " He also joked about wishing he had Latino heritage and talks about a Chinese factory his former firm purchased . A clip released Tuesday morning showed Romney questioning the prospect of ever reaching peace between Israelis and Palestinians , calling a path to a solution in the region "  almost unthinkable to accomplish . " "  I 'm torn by two perspectives in this regard , " Romney is shown saying in a clip that only shows only the candidate speaking and does not include any questions that may have prompted his remarks . "  One is the one which I 've had for some time , which is that the Palestinians have no interest whatsoever in establishing peace , and that the pathway to peace is almost unthinkable to accomplish . " Opinion : How Romney really feels about the GOP With two weeks until the first presidential debate and less than two months before the election , the timing could n't be worse , political experts say . The Romney campaign had banked on its convention last month to make a favorable introduction of Romney to the electorate , a large part of it just beginning to pay attention to the election . But a CNN/ORC International poll conducted after the convention showed Romney gained only a 1 % rise in the polls while Obama gained three to four times that much following the Democrats ' convention . Romney 's acceptance speech was largely overshadowed by a rambling , off-the-cuff monologue by actor Clint Eastwood , which preceded it . Last week , Romney was criticized by Democrats and Republicans alike for an aggressive and politically charged response to violent attacks on U.S. embassies in Egypt and Libya . After the attacks , Romney in a statement said , "  It 's disgraceful that the Obama administration 's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic missions , but to sympathize with those who waged the attacks . " Series of gaffes Over the weekend , Politico posted a story that detailed tensions within Romney 's campaign and on Monday the campaign launched a new effort to inject energy and fresh policy details with a series of speeches and advertising . "  There 's been a bit of bad luck involved in some of it , " said John Geer , chairman of Vanderbilt University 's political science department . "  It 's not a surprise that these blunt remarks are going to be made in front of this type of audience . Here 's a guy who 's trying to work on his image about caring and this does n't help him at all . " Romney has been plagued by a series of gaffes during his presidential run . He joked with unemployed workers in Florida in June 2011 that he , too , was also unemployed . In January of this year , he told a crowd of supporters that he likes "  being able to fire people " in a talk about insurance companies . He went on to say that if someone did n't provide adequate services , he liked to be able to find someone else who would . But critics took the first part of the quote used it to paint him as a venture capitalist focused only on a company 's bottom line . Controversial video shows candid Romney In a February interview , Romney told CNN that he is "  not concerned about the very poor , " citing the safety net in place by the American government and said that his primary focus is the middle class . But it was the first part of the sentence that critics pounced on as evidence of Romney 's elitism , while conservatives said the safety net he talked about only encouraged a welfare state . Later that month , at a campaign stop at the Daytona 500 NASCAR race , Romney told a reporter that while he might not follow the sport as closely as the most ardent fans , "  I have some great friends who are NASCAR team owners . " And at an event in Detroit , he tried to prove he was behind the American automotive industry by saying that he drove a Ford Mustang and a Chevrolet pickup and that his wife , Ann , "  drives a couple of Cadillacs . " Defenders sought to defuse the controversy by pointing to Obama 's comments during the 2008 Democratic primaries about "  bitter " people who "  cling to guns or religion . " But those comments came long before the general election and did little to harm him with voters . Romney 's comments will serve as a distraction in coming days but there 's still opportunities for him to get back on track with a weak economy and high jobless rate . "  He 's a tough campaigner Romney . ... I do n't think one should rule him out , " Geer said . "  The fundamentals are still a problem for Obama . " iReport : Weigh in about Romney I 'm the 47 % but - You 're WRONG Mitt Romney ! 4,000 millionaires in Romney 's ' 47 % ' Jim Acosta , Peter Hamby , Ashley Killough , Kevin Liptak , Jeanne Sahadi and Rachel Streitfeld contributed to this report .	GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney 's verbal gaffes have once again stymied his campaign 's ability to control the narrative Democrats were gleeful , while Republicans left scrambling after Romney 's comments Less than two months before the election , Romney 's challenge is to steer clear of speaking slip ups ; hammer Obama on the economy
Mojave , California  CNN  -- Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson on Monday unveiled the winged rocket his company developed to give paying customers a brief taste of space . The 300 people who have given Branson 's Virgin Galactic $ 20,000 deposits toward the $ 200,000 space-ride tickets were invited see SpaceShipTwo in its Mojave , California , hangar . CNN was given an early peek . The first flight in 2011 -- after 18 months of testing -- will launch from a spaceport under construction in New Mexico , Branson said . Another aircraft will carry the 60-foot-long SpaceShipTwo to 60,000 feet above the Earth , where "  they will drop away and they will then go to 2,000 miles per hour in 10 seconds , where they get propelled into space , " Branson said . Its hybrid rocket motor -- still under development -- will reach a suborbital altitude high enough to reach the edges of space and weightlessness , according to Branson . "  Once in space , -LSB- passengers -RSB- will unbuckle their seats , " he said . "  There are enormous windows , which no spacecraft has had before , for them to look back at the Earth . They can float around and become astronauts . " The cabin , which seats six paying passengers , is 90 inches -- nearly 8 feet -- in diameter , which provides "  lots of room for zero-G fun , " Branson 's Web site said . The first voyage will carry Branson , his wife , mother and children , the entrepreneur said . "  Actually , that 's my mum on the side -- a younger version of my mum on the side of the spaceship , " he said . After just a few minutes of space tourism , SpaceShipTwo will glide back to Earth , landing where it began the trip in New Mexico , he said . About 80,000 people have placed their names on the waiting list for seats on SpaceShipTwo and its successors . "  What we want to be able to do is bring space travel down to a price range where hundreds of thousands of people would be able to experience space , and they never dreamed that -LSB- they -RSB- could , " Branson said . He said he hopes the technology will lead to a new form of Earth travel , jetting people across oceans and continents faster through suborbital routes . "  We would love at some stage , obviously subject to government approval , to take the engineers and start looking at shrinking the world , " Branson said . The spacecraft was based on the technology and carbon-composite construction developed for SpaceShipOne , which won the Ansari X Prize in 2004 for the first privately funded human flight to the edge of space . The reusable spacecraft is a joint effort by aviation designer Burt Rutan 's Scaled Composites and Virgin Galactic , a space tourism venture that is a subsidiary of Branson 's Virgin Group .	Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson unveils spacecraft Media and prospective space-ride tourists get a peek at SpaceShipTwo Virgin Galactic has deposits from 300 people toward $ 200,000 tickets Branson says the first flight into space will launch in 2011 in New Mexico
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell began with an apology . It was for his handling of the scandal surrounding Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice , who has been indefinitely suspended following the release of a video that shows him knocking out his future wife with a punch . "  I did n't get it right . Simply put , we have to do better , " Goodell said during a news conference in Manhattan on Friday . But what does that mean ? And how will the NFL carry that out ? Here are five takeaways from Goodell 's news conference : 1 . Never considered resigning Goodell and the NFL have been criticized and scrutinized over the handling of the Rice case by everybody from women 's rights groups to sponsors to the Obama administration . In days leading up to the news conference , calls mounted for the commissioner to step down . Goodell said it was something he never considered . "  I am focused on doing my job . I understand when people are critical of my performance , but we have work to do . I am proud of the opportunity we have to make a difference and do the right thing , " he said . "  We 've acknowledged that we need to make changes and now we have to get those changes going . " 2 . Education for players , staff Goodell announced changes to the NFL 's personal conduct policy , saying all players and staff would be required to undergo training and education about how to prevent domestic violence and sexual assault . The classes are expected to begin within the next month , he said . However , Goodell provided little detail about the education and training classes other than to say the league would include experts . 3 . Conduct committee One of the chief steps being taken to address the league 's handling of domestic violence and sexual abuses cases is the creation of a committee to review the NFL 's personal conduct policy . Goodell said he hoped to have the committee in place by the time the Super Bowl is played on February 2 , but he did not provide a timeline for the committee to make changes to the policy . The committee will include input from the NFL Players Association and experts in the prevention of domestic abuse and sexual assault . Goodell did not say whether it would include law enforcement officials or mental health care professionals . 4 . What Rice said Much of the criticism surrounding the Rice case has to do with how Goodell and the league handled the case after learning in February that the running back had knocked out his then-fiancee , Janay Palmer , in an Atlantic City , New Jersey , elevator and dragged her out . Goodell suspended Rice without pay and fined him an additional game check for "  conduct detrimental to the NFL . " Since the video showing Rice punch Palmer was made public this month , Rice has since been indefinitely suspended . Goodell said he had not seen the video prior to its release by TMZ . During the news conference , Goodell told reporters the account provided by Rice was different than what was depicted in the video . "  I 'm telling you right now it 's inconsistent with what he told us , " he said . But Goodell declined to comment further on what the player told him , citing an ongoing appeal of Rice 's suspension . 5 . Reevaluating how NFL gathers information When asked why the league did not get a copy of the videotape during its initial investigation into the Rice case earlier this year , Goodell said the league 's security department asked for it several times . "  We got it with one phone call , " the TMZ reporter told him , adding that the NFL has an entire department to investigate conduct issues . Goodell did not answer , saying only he would re-evaluate how the NFL gathers information .	NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell never considered resigning All NFL players and staff will undergo education to prevent domestic violence Goodell announced the creation of a committee to review the NFL personal conduct policy The commissioner says what Ray Rice told him differs from the video made public
