The "  Three Amigos " -- or , as they 're more formally known , the leaders of the United States , Canada and Mexico -- announced an agreement Wednesday to work on a plan to streamline trade and travel , including border controls among the countries . U.S. President Barack Obama , Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto agreed to streamline border controls to facilitate the movement of people through the establishment of a trusted traveler program . They also spent a great deal of time during the North American Leaders ' Summit discussing efforts to broker a new trade agreement with Pacific nations , they said in a joint news conference after the summit in Toluca , Mexico . Obama has called for "  fast-track " trade authority from Congress for him to pursue the so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership , a massive free-trade zone . But members of his own party , including House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , have voiced firm opposition to such authority . Republicans seized on Vice President Joe Biden 's reported comments at last week 's House Democratic retreat in Maryland . There , he was heard conceding the trade issue was quickly becoming a source of frustration within the party , especially among labor groups that are key to midterms next fall . "  The jobs they seem to care about most are Democrats in Congress -- not families across the country eager to join the ranks of the employed , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a statement . Senior Obama administration officials played down reports about Biden 's comments as coming from "  second-hand accounts . " But , they added , the White House remains firmly committed to its trade agenda . "  It would not be in the interest of the United States to put this on the back burner , " one official said . White House spokesman Jay Carney insists that differences among Democrats over trade issues date back several administrations . "  The differing opinions on these matters are not new , and the fact that there are differing opinions within both parties is not new , " Carney said Tuesday . Another area of friendly disagreement for the "  Three Amigos " is over the Obama administration 's handling of the Keystone XL pipeline . Canadian officials have grown impatient with the lengthy approval process in the United States for the contested project , which would transport oil from Alberta to the Gulf of Mexico . While a recent State Department environmental impact study appeared to brighten prospects for approval , senior administration officials indicated Harper is not likely to receive the news many in his nation want to hear during the summit . "  I think what President Obama will do is explain to him where we are in the review of the Keystone pipeline , and indicate that we 'll , of course , let our Canadian friends know when we 've arrived at a decision , " a senior administration official said . The Keystone project has also divided Democrats , namely environmentalists who see the pipeline as a symbolic battle in the larger fight over efforts to deal with climate change . While in Mexico , Obama faced another delicate balancing act over the issue of immigration reform . The plight of undocumented immigrants in the United States , notably the substantial number of migrants who crossed the border from Mexico , is a major political issue south of the Rio Grande . Latino special interest groups , a core Democratic Party constituency , have criticized the administration for its aggressive deportation policy as it struggles to find a long-term solution to the immigration issue . Senior administration officials told reporters last week that Obama remains committed to comprehensive immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers . But that legislative priority has hit a roadblock in Congress , where Republican leaders have indicated there is little hope for a breakthrough this year before the midterms . "  With respect to immigration , I think President Peña Nieto has a very good understanding , frankly , of the state of play in the United States , " a senior administration official said .	Three nations will streamline border controls The three leaders are called the "  Three Amigos " The Keystone XL pipeline is a major issue
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- A second person survived a massacre in which 72 migrants from Central and South America were killed last week in northern Mexico , Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa and Mexican officials said . A man from Ecuador was previously thought to be the only survivor . That man , identified as Luis Freddy Lala Pomavilla , said someone else also lived through the mass shooting , Correa said at a news conference late Tuesday night upon his return to Ecuador from a trip to Haiti . Correa did not provide details other than to say the second survivor came from Honduras . "  We do n't want to put him in danger , " Correa said . Viviana Macias , a spokeswoman for the Mexican attorney general 's office , confirmed Wednesday that a second person had survived the attack . The attorney general 's office said authorities had not revealed news of the second survivor in order to protect the person 's safety . For the same reason , officials said Wednesday , they will not reveal the person 's identity . The attorney general 's office said in a release Wednesday afternoon that the survivor is being held and protected as a witness and has given officials "  relevant information to identify those presumed to be responsible . " The agency has been in touch with authorities in Honduras , the release said . Lala Pomavilla , the Ecuadorian survivor , was returned to his homeland late Sunday . The young man was wounded in the attack and said he survived by playing dead . He later walked several miles to a military roadblock near the town of San Fernando in Tamaulipas state , less than 100 miles from the U.S. border . Officials are investigating whether members of the Zetas drug cartel were responsible for the deaths . The bodies of the 72 victims are being returned to their homelands , which include Guatemala , El Salvador , Honduras and Brazil . Mexican officials returned the remains of 16 migrants to Honduras on Wednesday . A live broadcast on CNN affiliate Televicentro showed six-man honor guards wheeling the bodies one by one off a transport aircraft . Bereaved relatives and friends cried and held each other as the gray caskets glided by slowly , guided solemnly by soldiers in dress uniforms and red-plumed hats . The caskets , each adorned with a bouquet of flowers on top , were placed under a large tent on the tarmac at the air force airport in Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras . "  Repatriation , " said the Televicentro banner imposed over the bottom of the TV image . "  What started as a search for the American dream ended in a mortal nightmare . " After the 16 caskets were gathered in the tent , a Roman Catholic priest prayed over them . "  Do n't lose your faith in God , " he told those gathered there before he sprinkled holy water on each of the caskets . Honduran President Porfirio Lobo also addressed the crowd , merely reading the names of the 16 victims before walking back to his spot in a line of dignitaries . Some family members were brought up to have a word with Lobo , who hugged them and spoke quietly with them . The caskets were released to the families after the ceremony , and at one point Lobo went to where a man with a gray New York Yankees cap was sobbing as he leaned on a coffin . Lobo patted the man on the shoulder and reached out to a woman standing next to him . The victims will be taken to their hometowns for burial . CNN 's Jose Antonio Flores , Krupskaia Alis and Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	The second survivor is a migrant from Honduras , officials say The only previously known survivor was from Ecuador That survivor said someone else also had lived , the Ecuadorian president said The bodies of 16 victims were returned to Honduras on Wednesday , Mexico said
CNN  -- The Department of Justice expects to bring fraud charges next week against a major construction firm -- Secaucus , New Jersey-based Schiavone Construction Company -- for its work on two of the biggest government construction projects in the New York region , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The case involves work on upgrades of New York 's subway system and the Croton Water Treatment Plant . Schiavone is likely to be charged with violations of rules designed to assure minority - and female-owned contractors receive portions of federal contracts , the source said . Schiavone , according to the source , actually received the bulk of such subcontracts for major projects in the New York region and farmed out work to a trucking firm with ties to organized crime . The New York Times reported that Schiavone is in negotiations to settle the charges by paying more than $ 20 million . The source confirmed the accuracy of that report . Another person with knowledge of the case said the settlement is still in the process of being negotiated and has not yet been finalized . A spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York , which is reportedly handling the case , declined comment . Austin Campriello , an attorney for Schiavone Construction Company , had no comment .	The company worked on two of the biggest government projects in the New York area A source says fraud charges are expected to filed next week The company is reportedly in negotiations to settle the allegations
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said Friday that he regrets the deaths of 35 civilians in a military airstrike in a Kurdish area on the border with Iraq . Speaking to reporters in Istanbul , he said , "  It is an unfortunate outcome . It is a sad outcome . " Pledging a full investigation , he said those killed late Wednesday were smuggling cigarettes and fuel , with almost half of them below the age of 20 . Erdogan said Turkey 's military had been monitoring the area because it was in constant use by terrorist groups and that security forces had become suspicious because of the size of the group and number of donkeys used . The funerals of the victims , who all came from three villages in the Uludere area of Sirnak province , should now have been conducted , he said . His words came a day after a senior member of a Kurdish separatist group urged Kurds to rise up against Turkish authorities over what he called a massacre . Bahoz Erdal , a member of the command council of the armed wing of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , issued the call for action on the group 's official website . "  We urge all the people of Kurdistan , especially the people of Hakkari  province  and Sirnak , to react to this massacre and seek a settling of accounts through uprisings from the perpetrators of this massacre , " Erdal said in a statement . Some observers have sounded the alarm in recent months about escalating tension between Turkey and its Kurdish minority , warning it may reignite a conflict that has simmered since 1984 and claimed more than 30,000 lives . Turkey has been going on the offensive against Kurdish separatists based across its border in northern Iraq with bombings and incursions . Erdal dismissed comments made by the Turkish military general staff Thursday , however , as having "  nothing to do with reality , " saying the attack occurred inside Turkey , not in northern Iraq as the general staff said . The general staff statement said the airstrike late Wednesday was in the Sinat-Haftanin area of northern Iraq , where many militant training camps are situated and there are no civilian settlements . Surveillance by unmanned aerial vehicles showed a group moving from Iraq toward the border with Turkey in an area "  mostly used by terrorists , " it said . Erdal disputed that claim , saying the strike by Turkish air force jets was 30 kilometers  19 miles  away from Sinat-Haftanin in Uludere , in a Kurdish-populated area of Turkey . "  We do not have any camps , bases , activity or movement in the area as claimed . This massacre is an attack against our patriotic people of Botan , " he said , using the Kurdish term for the Sirnak area . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Friday that Turkey did not discriminate between its citizens , only between civilians and terrorists . "  Every citizen is so valuable for us , " he said , quoted by the semi-official Anadolu news agency . He described Wednesday 's airstrike as an "  exceptional incident " that should be investigated according to the law . Turkey 's President Abdullah Gul also said the incident was unfortunate , Anadolu reports . A senior member of Turkey 's governing Justice and Development Party  AKP  also said Thursday that indications were that those killed were civilians smuggling cigarettes . "  These people were thought to be terrorists ; however , the first initial investigative information we have from the local authorities , especially from Sirnak Governor 's office , indicate that these people are involved in cigarette smuggling , " said the AKP 's deputy chairman and spokesman Huseyin Celik . He said the strike had killed many members of the same family . "  Even if there was a situation 100 % that these people were smugglers , these people should not have been subjected to this , they should not have been bombed . It is out of question , " he said . Celik promised a full investigation into the incident . The general staff statement released Thursday said the military had received intelligence that militants were planning to attack border outposts following recent action against Kurdish separatists . In October , an attack killed 24 Turkish soldiers in the southeastern section of the country , where Turkey borders Iraq . The Turkish government blamed terrorists for that attack , and the United States pinned responsibility for the attack on militants from the PKK . Earlier this month , Turkish police detained dozens of people in a wave of raids focused on pro-Kurdish media organizations . The Kurds represent the largest ethnic minority in Turkey . For decades , they were the target of repressive government policies , implemented by officials who sometimes referred to them as "  mountain Turks . " The PKK is designated as a terror organization by Turkey and the United States . CNN 's Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey 's foreign minister says the country does not discriminate between its citizens Erdogan says the deaths , many of youths under 20 , were "  a sad outcome " The Turkish military airstrike killed 35 people who were smuggling cigarettes A Kurdish separatist group member calls for a "  settling of accounts " over the deaths
CNN  -- Usain Bolt ensured the world athletics championships in Daegu ended on a high by leading Jamaica to a stunning world record in the final of the men 's 4x100m relay on Sunday . Exactly a week after Bolt 's shock disqualification from the final of the 100 meters , the sprint superstar once again underlined his superiority as he carried the baton home in a time of 37.04 seconds , bettering the Jamaican squad 's previous world record set in the final of the 2008 Beijing Olympics . The quartet of Nesta Carter , Michael Frater , new 100m champion Yohan Blake and Bolt were pressed three-quarters of the way by a strong United States team . Dominant Bolt claims 200m gold in Daegu However , a bizarre incident on the final changeover saw American third leg runner Darvis Patton crash to the ground after colliding with Harry Aikines-Aryeetey -- who was running the Great Britain anchor leg -- ruling out both teams . This meant Bolt was out on his own as powered down the finishing straight , with France claiming a distant silver medal and the tiny Caribbean nation of St Kitts and Nevis winning an unexpected bronze medal . Bolt , who was celebrating his second gold in 24 hours after retaining his world 200m title , normally runs the third leg for the Jamaican team , but Asafa Powell 's injury forced him to miss the championships , meaning he was switched to the anchor leg . "  I enjoyed being the anchor but for me it was just to go out there and be fast , " Bolt told reporters . "  We did just that . I am proud of my team and I 'm very happy with myself , " added the 25-year-old , who celebrated in his own unique style by leading his teammates through a series of dance moves in front of a delighted crowd . But there was some consolation for the United States sprinters as the women 's squad took gold ahead of Jamaica in the women 's 4x100m relay , with Ukraine taking the bronze medal . There was a surprise result in the men 's triple jump where American Christian Taylor recorded the fourth largest jump of all time to pip Britain 's defending champion Phillips Idowu . The 21-year-old recorded 17.96 meters with his fourth attempt to leave Idowu in second place on 17.77 m. Another American , Will Claye , claimed bronze . There was a thrilling finish in the final of the men 's 5,000 m where Britain 's Mo Farah made up for the disappointment of being caught on the line in the 10,000 m by securing his first-ever gold medal in a major championships . Farah was pushed hard by 2007 champion Bernard Lagat , but he held on to finish 0.28 seconds ahead of the American . Ethiopia 's Dejen Gebremeskel took bronze after his compatriot Imane Merga was disqualified for stepping inside the curb . Russia 's Mariya Savinova denied South African Caster Semenya a second consecutive women 's 800m title , with a devastating finishing kick . Savinova , the reigning world indoor and European champion , was the favorite coming into the event , and she justified that tag by coming from near the back of the pack at the 600m mark to clinch the gold medal in a time of one minute 55.87 seconds . Semenya took silver with Kenya 's 2007 champion Janeth Jepkosgei claiming bronze . The men 's marathon title went to Kenya 's Abel Kirui , who finished nearly two-and-a-half minutes ahead of his team-mate Vincent Kipruto -- the biggest winning margin in world championship history . Ethiopia 's Feyisa Lilesa took bronze . The final day of competition confirmed the United States at the top of the medal table with 12 golds , ahead of Russia with nine and Kenya on seven .	Jamaica set a new world record in the final of the men 's 4x100m relay in Daegu Usain Bolt leads Jamaica home in a time of 37.04 seconds with France second Britain 's Mo Farah makes up for his 10,000 m disappointment by winnng the 5,000 m The final day of the world championships sees United States top medals table
CNN  -- Five Washington D.C. firefighters all heard that a man had fallen across the street from their firehouse and was in need of medical help , but none went to his aid , an internal report released Friday concludes . The report recommends that all five -- ranging from a probationary firefighter to a lieutenant -- face disciplinary action along with four dispatchers who further botched the city 's response by sending an ambulance to the wrong part of the city . The man , Medric Cecil Mills Jr. , 77 , a 47-year employee of the city 's parks department , later died at a hospital . His family said he had suffered a heart attack . The lieutenant announced her retirement days after the incident . The new report largely confirms a troubling account by Mills ' daughter , who said her father collapsed as they left a computer store January 25 . Mills said passersby shouted and went to Engine House 26 seeking help , but that no one responded . The firehouse is across a wide avenue from the parking lot where Mills collapsed . The report detailed miscommunication and an apparent disregard by those at the station . An internal speaker system in the firehouse , which could have helped spread the word , was turned off , it said . According to the report , word first arrived at the firehouse when a resident came to the station 's front door . The probationary officer said the person said he witnessed a man near the liquor store across the street slip on ice . The individual was passed out and in need of help , the probationary firefighter said he was told . The firefighters called the station lieutenant on a public address system , asking her to come to the watch desk . He then opened the apparatus doors , only to discover a car in the driveway , with the driver stating that "  there 's a man across the street that needs help . " The firefighter made a second call on the public address system , asking the lieutenant and stating it was urgent , the report said . Of three firefighters sitting in the kitchen , one went to see the probationary officer . After telling the probationary officer that they had not been dispatched , the senior firefighter went to find the lieutenant , told her about the call , and told her what he believed the address to be . The lieutenant later told investigators that she asked the firefighter for an exact address and that he did not return with one . The firefighter said he returned to the kitchen , told his fellow firefighters that he had informed the lieutenant , and then gathered study books from his car and went to the bunk room . When the lieutenant tracked down the firefighter in the bunk room , the firefighter said he understood that an ambulance had been originally dispatched to the wrong address , but "  he thought it was alright since  the communications center  had finally dispatched " an engine to the correct address . The lieutenant told investigators she then went outside to see what was happening , and saw police officers and ambulances at the scene . The report said it was undetermined whether the lieutenant failed to respond to the public address system calls because the speakers had been turned off , but said "  under no circumstances should the PA speakers  have  been turned off or disabled prior to 10:00 p.m. " The fire department 's response was further delayed because of confusion over a 911 call , the report said . A call-taker initially dispatched the ambulance to the wrong quadrant of the city , quickly correcting the mistake when checking it with the caller . But other dispatchers failed to see the correction , and the ambulance was sent to the wrong address . The report recommended that all five firefighters and four dispatchers face discipline , but did not identify them or specify the punishment , which could range from reprimands to dismissal . The city said it was taking a number of steps to prevent another incident .	Firefighters , dispatchers face action from city for not responding adequately to elderly man Medric Cecil Mills collapsed outside firehouse in January and later died at a hospital Ambulance sent to wrong part of the city
CNN  -- Police shot and killed eight people who attacked a police station in Xinjiang , a restive region in northwestern China , authorities said Monday . Nine people armed with knives threw explosives at the building and set police cars on fire , the Xinjiang government said on its official news website . One of the people was taken into custody , the statement said , describing the attackers as "  thugs . " The violence took place around 6:30 a.m. in Yarkant County in western Xinjiang and is under investigation , authorities said . It 's the latest outbreak of deadly unrest in Xinjiang , a large , resource-rich region that is home to the Uyghurs , a Turkic-speaking , predominantly Muslim ethnic group . Earlier this month , a clash in the region left 14 Uyghurs and two police officers dead , authorities said . Chinese officials said the two police officers came under attack as they were trying to apprehend suspects . The arrival in Xinjiang of waves of Han Chinese people over the decades has fueled tensions with the Uyghurs . Chinese authorities have cracked down heavily on violence involving Uyghurs , deepening resentment . The government statement about Monday 's clash did n't specify the ethnicity of the people who fought with police . The details of violent encounters in Xinjiang often remain murky . Uyghur diaspora groups , like the World Uyghur Congress , have criticized the Chinese government for the lack of transparency over such events . Chinese authorities have blamed Uyghurs for a vehicle attack in Beijing 's Tiananmen Square in October that killed five people -- including the three in the vehicle -- and wounded 40 others . Xinjiang 's worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting in the capital , Urumqi , between Uyghurs and Han Chinese killed some 200 people and injured 1,700 . That unrest was followed by a crackdown by security forces .	Police officers shoot and kill eight people and arrest one other , authorities say The people attacked a police station in the volatile region of Xinjiang , they say The region is beset by unrest involving the Uyghur ethnic group
London  CNN  -- A retired bishop and a retired priest have been arrested by British police on suspicion of sexual offences against boys and young men -- one as young as 12 -- in the 1980s and 1990s . The 80-year-old former Church of England bishop , from Somerset in south-west England , was questioned in connection with eight alleged offences before being released on medical advice . Police say the man -- the highest-ranking church official to be arrested on abuse allegations -- will be questioned again at a later date . His former colleague , a 67-year old retired priest from West Sussex , in southern England , was questioned over two alleged offences before being released on bail pending further inquiries . The pair are understood to have worked alongside each other in the Chichester Diocese , but police say the allegations are being treated separately , and that there is no suggestion that the men acted together . The latest sexual abuse scandal to hit the UK -- this one rocking the Anglican Church -- comes after two other British institutions , the BBC and the NHS , were caught up in the case of Jimmy Savile , a British TV presenter accused of assaulting vulnerable teenagers . Peter Saunders , of the National Association for People Abused in Childhood  NAPAC  , told CNN his organization had been inundated with reports of abuse since the Savile allegations came to light : "  We 've had four or five times as many calls to our support line and emails and messages ... just in these last few weeks -- it is overwhelming . I think what 's happening is that we are recognizing , as a country , the huge extent of the problem of child abuse . " Detective Chief Inspector Carwyn Hughes of Sussex Police , who is leading the investigation , known as Operation Dunhill , said the Church of England was co-operating fully with police . "  The force will always take seriously any allegations of historic sexual offending , and every possible step will be taken to investigate whenever appropriate , " he said in a statement . "  Allegations of historic offences are treated just as seriously as any more recent offences . " The Right Reverend Paul Butler , Bishop of Southwell and Nottingham and Chair of the Churches National Safeguarding Committee said in a statement : "  The Church of England takes any allegations of abuse very seriously and is committed to being a safe place for all . "  We have robust procedures and policies in place , but we can never be complacent . We would like to urge any victims or those with information to feel free to come forward knowing that they will be listened to in confidence . " Butler said the CofE -- which wanted its churches to be "  places of safety and joy , righteousness and justice " -- had offered support to those involved in Operation Dunhill . One of the alleged victims in the case told CNN he was grateful to the Archbishop of Canterbury , Rowan Williams , for instigating the review which had led to police investigating the abuse allegations , but said he wanted the Church of England to issue an official apology . Sussex Police insists that there are "  no allegations of recent or current offending " and that there is nothing to suggest any young people are currently at risk .	A retired bishop and a retired priest have been arrested by British police on suspicion of sexual offences The pair are understood to have worked alongside each other in the Chichester Diocese Police say the Church of England is co-operating fully with them Sussex Police insists that there are "  no allegations of recent or current offending "
CNN  -- Vacation season is nearly over , and kids are returning to school with the telltale tans and smiles that mean they had a wonderful and relaxing holiday . Kristy McCloskey and her husband were stuck in Ecuador after a volcanic eruption covered the town with ash . Some of our iReporters were n't so lucky . We asked CNN.com readers to send us stories of their worst vacation nightmares , and rain at the beach seems ideal compared with the tales we received . Here 's a sampling of the worst of the worst -- but do n't worry , most of our iReporters can look back on their vacation horrors and laugh . Well ... almost . Bruce Bush 's vacation in Hawaii started off perfectly . His family loved the "  sandy beaches , hot weather and a tropical paradise I had never seen , " he wrote in his iReport . But Bush , who had been sick for much of the vacation , was diagnosed with cancer in a Waikiki hospital three days before his family was scheduled to fly home . "  The doctors wanted to admit me right away and start treating me , " he said . But something did n't feel right about the situation . So Bush 's parents  he was 17 at the time  declined treatment and decided to wait out the rest of the vacation and ask his regular physician about it when the family arrived home in Indiana . "  By the time we went home , I 'd already started feeling better , " Bush said . The cancer diagnosis ? A terrifying mistake . Bush had thought his illness was mononucleosis the entire time , and his doctor at home confirmed the diagnosis . iReport.com : Mistaken cancer diagnosis in Hawaii "  My doctor was looking at the report all confused , and he said of course your white blood cell count was up -- that 's what happens when you get sick ! " Bush said . Bush 's parents did n't tell him about the cancer diagnosis until the family had returned home and his own doctor had refuted it . "  It was a crappy vacation for me just because I was sick , " he said . "  But for my parents , to know that your child has been diagnosed by doctors , and you 're supposed to trust what these people have to say , I 'm pretty sure they did n't enjoy the vacation . They were so relieved and happy that they stuck to their guns . " Donna Rogers and her family never even made it to the tropics . They took a cruise bound for the Bahamas and ended up spending their vacation on a ship with a broken propulsion system . "  It was Thanksgiving week , and my birthday fell on Thanksgiving , too , " she said . "  I thought I 'd be on the beach in the Bahamas with a margarita in my hand for my birthday . " Instead , Rogers ' cruise ship was stranded in Norfolk , Virginia , for the entire week . Passengers could go to a mall in Norfolk and to bars and restaurants on the ship , she said , but not much else . And when passengers began to get angry and restless , Rogers said the captain gave a mutiny warning and local law enforcement boarded the ship . "  You knew you were still in the U.S. , but you felt like you were in another dimension , " she said . "  He said we were under maritime law , and any aggression toward the staff would be mutiny and would be dealt with accordingly . " iReport.com : The cruise to nowhere Rogers and her family were eventually able to leave the ship , and they spent the rest of their vacation with relatives in Virginia . The cruise line offered passengers a refund and a discount on another cruise , but Rogers says she would have to think seriously before getting on a cruise ship again . "  When cruises go bad , they go bad exponentially , " she said . The cruise line in question declined to comment . Thanksgiving and birthdays are n't the only special occasions that can be spoiled by less-than-perfect vacations . Kelly Flores and her husband found themselves in the middle of a hurricane on their honeymoon . The couple was supposed to fly to St. Lucia , stopping briefly in Puerto Rico to change planes . "  Upon arriving in Puerto Rico , we discovered why our plane was not full and why our flight -LSB- to St. Lucia -RSB- had been cancelled , " Flores wrote in her iReport . "  Hurricane Georges , category four , was heading directly for Puerto Rico and would be there by nightfall . " Despite trying immediately to leave -- "  get us on the next flight anywhere , " Flores remembers telling the airline staff -- the newlyweds were stuck . Flores , a Virginia Beach , Virginia , native , says even though she was used to hurricanes , this one was the worst . iReport.com : Hurricane on a honeymoon "  When you 're not home , everything 's different , and it was much scarier , " she said . "  The hotel asked everyone to go to the ballroom . ... We could hear the steel shutters banging and hear the storm , and when we heard glass breaking , they got everybody into the older section of the building that was all concrete blocks . " After the storm passed , Flores and her husband made it to St. Lucia , where they stayed a few extra days . But the "  coup de grace , " as she put it , was on their flight home . "  We met a couple who flew out the same day we did and we asked if they got hit by the hurricane , and they said no . They were supposed to go through Puerto Rico , too , but their airline put them through Miami instead because of the storm , " she said . "  It 's very frustrating . " And frustrating does n't even begin to describe the feelings of many other iReporters who wrote in to tell us about their worst vacations ever . Mark O'Connor and his family suffered through airplane delays that made their trip to Dublin , Ireland , take two days . Once they arrived , they survived flooding and respiratory infections . iReport.com : The worst Christmas ever Kristy McCloskey and her husband had to wear face masks during their entire trip to Ecuador . Ash from a recent volcanic eruption , which "  looked very much like snow , " destroyed the air quality and caused many businesses and the airport to close , delaying their return by three days . iReport.com : Volcanic eruption in Ecuador Donna Rogers , the cruise ship passenger stuck in Norfolk , summed up the thoughts of most of our iReporters : "  We had just bought a house and were doing construction and wanted to get away . We thought , stress-free -- all you have to think about is what bar and what time . And right off the top , something went wrong . "	iReporter is mistakenly diagnosed with cancer in Hawaii A cruise to the tropics is stranded in Norfolk , Virginia Other iReporters survive hurricanes , flooding and a volcano while on vacation iReport.com : Share your worst travel experience
Rolling Stone  -- In Rolling Stone 's new Special Collectors Edition issue , we count down the 100 greatest songs from the greatest band of all time : The Beatles . Check out the top 10 songs now , before the issue hits stands : # 10 : "  While My Guitar Gently Weeps " The lyrics for George Harrison 's first truly great Beatles song began as a deliberate accident -- and it was n't until Harrison pulled Eric Clapton in to play guitar that the arrangement was finished . # 9 : "  Come Together " Originally intended by Lennon as a campaign song for LSD guru Timothy Leary 's campaign for California 's governor in 1970 , this became the last song all four Beatles cut in the studio together . # 8 : "  Let It Be " McCartney channeled Aretha Franklin 's soul in "  Let It Be , " recorded during the peak of the Beatles ' troubled times . A month after its 1970 release , McCartney announced the band had broken up . # 7 : "  Hey Jude " McCartney 's lyrics for "  Hey Jude " were inspired by John and Cynthia Lennon 's five-year-old son , Julian -- but Lennon first thought McCartney was singing to him about his relationship with Yoko Ono . # 6 : "  Something " Before it became the second-most-covered Beatles song behind "  Yesterday , " Lennon said this unexpected Harrison track was "  the best track on -LSB- Abbey Road -RSB- " and McCartney called it "  the best song -LSB- Harrison has -RSB- written . " # 5 : "  In My Life " "  In My Life , " featuring Lennon 's most personal lyrics up to the song 's release , is one of only a handful of Lennon-McCartney songs where the two strongly disagreed over who wrote what . # 4 : "  Yesterday " The most covered song in history began as something called "  Scrambled Eggs . " It also began as a dream . # 3 : "  Strawberry Fields Forever " Lennon once said growing up "  was scary because there was nobody to relate to . " Strawberry Field the place  a Liverpool children 's home near where Lennon grew up  represented those haunting childhood visions . With this song , Lennon conquered them forever . # 2 : "  I Want to Hold Your Hand " "  I Want to Hold Your Hand " was most American 's first exposure to the songwriting magic of Lennon and McCartney , setting off Beatlemania . It represented what producer George Martin calls "  the apex of Phase One of the Beatles ' development . " # 1 : "  A Day in the Life " The ultimate Lennon-McCartney collaboration , "  A Day in the Life " was n't recognized as the band 's masterwork until the 80s , after Lennon 's death . It pairs lyrics inspired by the newspapers and Lennon 's own life with McCartney 's idea to have classical musicians perform what producer George Martin called an "  orchestral orgasm . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Yesterday " is the most covered song in history "  I Want to Hold Your Hand " was most American 's first exposure to their songwriting magic A month after "  Let It Be " was released , McCartney announced the band had broken up
CNN  -- The International Criminal Court is still trying to link Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , his son and his brother-in-law to rapes , but it does not yet have enough evidence to do so , prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo said Tuesday . It has evidence that rapes have taken place in Libya 's civil war , he said , but he can not prove Gadhafi ordered them . The court issued arrest warrants Monday for Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and his brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi on other charges . Saif Al-Islam Gadhafi is a close adviser to his father . His arrest warrant came two days after his 39th birthday . Al-Sanussi serves as Gadhafi 's head of intelligence . The warrants are "  for crimes against humanity , " including murder and persecution , "  allegedly committed across Libya " from February 15 through "  at least " February 28 , "  through the state apparatus and security forces , " the court said in a news release . The court could file charges against "  one or two other names , but in principle the first investigation focuses on these individuals , " Moreno-Ocampo said Tuesday . The court is not asking international forces operating in Libya to arrest the suspects , he said , explaining that Libya has the primary responsibility to do so as a United Nations member . NATO confirmed in a news conference that it is not seeking to arrest anyone , as that is not part of its mission . Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard of NATO gave a mixed assessment of the mission to protect civilians , saying Libyans were writing "  Thank you , NATO " on their roofs . But , he said , Gadhafi 's forces were using civilians as human shields , making NATO operations "  more difficult , but not impossible . " And he said NATO had reports that government forces had "  put down very severely " attempts to demonstrate against Gadhafi 's rule . "  Security forces continue to inflict pain and harm on the population , " Bouchard said at a briefing in Naples , Italy , where Operation Unified Protector is based . NATO struck civilian and military locations in the Badr Al-Osta Milad area of Tripoli on Tuesday , Libyan state TV reported without further details . Elsewhere Tuesday , rebels attacked a government weapons depot some 30 kilometers south of Zintan , an opposition stronghold in western Libya . It was a location that had previously been a target of NATO attacks . Two people died and four were injured in the fighting , according to Khalid Shhop , a doctor stationed at the depot . Rebels overtook government forces and were later seen carting away ammunition , he said . At the International Criminal Court , Moreno-Ocampo insisted it is only a matter of time until Gadhafi is arrested , pointing out that Bosnian Serb war crimes suspect Ratko Mladic was finally seized more than 15 years after a warrant for his arrest was issued . "  The arrest warrants are not going away , " he said , noting that 161 warrants had been issued in connection with the Yugoslav wars of the early 1990s -- and that 160 suspects have been seized . Libyan rebels could also face arrest warrants , Moreno-Ocampo said . But "  by far the greatest crimes committed in Libya are committed by the Gadhafi forces , " he said , explaining why the court investigation began with them . And he batted away questions from reporters about whether an ICC arrest warrant would discourage Gadhafi from stepping down , saying the decision to investigate him came from a unanimous U.N. Security Council resolution , not the court . It was "  not our idea , " he said . In rebel-held Misrata , where fighting has raged , a crowd cheered Monday following the announcement of the arrest warrants . The announcement at The Hague came as fighting inside Libya inched closer to the capital . A rebel fighter , Hassan al-Jiwali , told CNN that rebel forces were 80 kilometers  50 miles  from Tripoli on Monday . Libya is not a signatory to the Rome Statute that established the international court 's authority , but Moreno-Ocampo said Tuesday it still had a responsibility to arrest Gadhafi and his allies because it is a member of the United Nations , which ordered the investigation . He said the rebels could also arrest Gadhafi and hand him over . The court does not have the power to enter Libya and arrest the leaders . The U.N. Security Council referred the matter to the ICC through a resolution February 26 , following widespread complaints about Gadhafi 's efforts to crush a rebellion . The resolution said that , while "  states not party to the Rome Statute have no obligations under the statute , the Security Council urged all states and concerned regional and other international organisations to cooperate fully with the court and the prosecutor . " Gadhafi 's backers rejected the court 's authority . "  This court is nothing but a cover to the military operations of NATO , " said Libyan Justice Minister Mohammed Al Qamod . "  It is merely a political tool for exerting pressure and political blackmail against sovereign countries . " Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khalid Ka'eem offered a similar view . "  Both the International Criminal Court and the chief prosecutor have neither the legal competence nor the moral compass in any way to pass judgment on anyone , let alone the Libyan people , " he said . Michael Rubin , an analyst with the conservative American Enterprise Institute , said the court 's move could damage efforts to get Gadhafi to end his 42-year reign , because he would not seek refuge in a country that is a party or signatory to the Rome Statute . "  The ICC 's arrest warrant symbolizes the dirty underside of international law , " Rubin said . "  While the ICC makes itself feel good and diplomats can chatter about their commitment to international law , the fact of the matter is their action takes off the table any possibility that Gadhafi could flee to a retirement haven outside Libya . In effect , the ICC arrest warrant tells Gadhafi to fight to the death . " Most African countries are parties or signatories to the Rome Statute . The ICC website lists a total of 47 non-signatories in the world , 13 of them in Africa and the Middle East . Journalist David Adams contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels attack a weapons depot near the western city of Zintan Prosecutor says he ca n't prove Gadhafi ordered rapes in Libya 's civil war The court issued arrest warrants for Gadhafi on other charges Monday Libyan civilians are writing "  Thank you , NATO " on their roofs , a general says
CNN  -- For all of their advantages , smartphones still fall a little short for some â $ " specifically , for those living with visual impairment . While apps like Siri and SayText do offer a good deal of assistance , 2011 TED Fellow Sumit Dagar had an idea for a more effective solution : a smartphone that 's specifically designed for people who have trouble seeing . The phone , which has yet to be officially named , has a screen comprised of a grid of pins , which move up and down to form into Braille shapes and characters whenever an SMS message or email is received . It uses what 's called Shape Memory Alloy technology , so as each pin expands , it remembers and contracts back to its original flat shape . In an interview with the Times of India , Dagar describes the phone as " -LSB- the -RSB- world 's first Braille smartphone ... a companion more than a phone . " Dagar , an interaction design graduate of the National Institute of Design  NID  , came up with the idea for the phone three years ago . He 's collaborating with IIT Delhi on the prototype , which is being tested at the LV Prasad Eye Institute . The team hopes to release the phone by the end of 2013 , for a about $ 185 . You can catch Dagar 's TED Talk from 2011 here . What do you think of this idea ? Tell us below . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	2011 TED Fellow Sumit Dagar is developing the world 's first smartphone for visually impaired people The phone 's screen contains pins which move to form Braille characters when an SMS or email is received It uses Shape Memory Alloy technology which ensures pins contract back to their original position The phone will retail for about $ 185 , and the team hopes to release it by the end of 2013
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Millions of Iranians poured into the streets Saturday to celebrate the victory of presidential candidate Hassan Rouhani . Huge crowds snarled traffic in the capital , Tehran , demanding the release of hundreds of political prisoners arrested during protests over sham elections four years ago . "  My dead brother and sister , I got your vote back , " people chanted , a reference to more than 100 demonstrators killed by the regime . The surprise was not so much that 18 million votes were cast for Rouhani , slightly more than half the ballots , but the fact that the regime had endorsed his victory , triggering hope that international pressure over Iran 's nuclear program and growing internal rifts at home might have forced the leadership to restore some of its lost legitimacy . Rouhani is not a reformist , even according to Iranian standards . He had backed the violent crackdown against the pro-democracy student movement in 1999 and never formally aligned himself with the reformist camp . A cleric and a veteran politician since 1979 , he was in the circle close to the founder of the revolution , Ayatollah Khomeini . He served five terms as a member of Parliament and 16 years as the head of the National Security Council . During the campaign , he presented himself as a moderate , a platform that appeals to Iran 's young electorate , and called for drawing Iran out of its international isolation . "  It is important for the centrifuges to spin , but people 's lives should run too , " he said in a televised address , referring to uranium enrichment . He gained momentum only a few days before the election when two former presidents , both aligned with the reformers , Mohammad Khatami and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , threw their support behind him . Then voters decided to give the polls , as a window to exercise their democratic rights , another try . Ironically , Rouhani , the only cleric among the eight candidates , favors more political and social freedoms at home . During one of his talks , his supporters chanted slogans demanding the release of opposition leaders , Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi , the two presidential candidates in 2009 who have been under house arrest for two years . Opinion : Will Rouhani alter Iran 's policy on Syria ? The Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , along with his military loyalists , the Revolutionary Guards and its militia wing Basij -- the alliance that many believe stole the election in favor of the incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- still remain in ultimate power . Many had suspected that the regime would go to extraordinary lengths , as it did in 2009 , to manage the vote from start to finish . The Guards and the Basij campaigned vigorously for Saeed Jalili , a Khamenei loyalist and Iran 's hard-line nuclear negotiator . His loss with less than 15 % of the vote was an embarrassing rebuke of Khamenei 's policies . Last month , demonstrators chanted "  Death to Dictator , " meaning Khamenei , at the funeral of a dissident cleric in the city of Isfahan . So by giving in to Rouhani 's victory , many believe Khamenei is trying fix his tattered image . Rouhani is Iran 's next president Although the election was far from democratic , it provided an opportunity for many Iranians , especially the young , to break the deadly atmosphere of fear the government has imposed for the past four years . The watchdog Guardian Council had already helped Khamenei sideline his rivals , barring a prominent politician and a former president , Rafsanjani , from running in the race . Government forces arrested activists and campaigners in the months before the election . Economic issues were paramount on the minds of voters as U.S.-led sanctions have reduced Iran 's oil revenue by half and shot the inflation rate up to more than 30 % . Voters recalled Rouhani as the county 's pragmatist nuclear envoy who deterred threats in 2003 by signing the Additional Protocol , allowing inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to visit Iran 's nuclear facilities . Further , Iran suspended its sensitive uranium enrichment activities , a process that can be used to make nuclear fuel or a nuclear bomb if uranium is enriched to high levels . Those measures built trust around Iran 's nuclear program until Ahmadinejad reversed them in 2005 . It is not clear if Khamenei 's hard-line allies will allow Rouhani to introduce real change . The president sets the tone for domestic and foreign policy and can make room for more moderate voices in politics . But he holds little power compared with the authority that the constitution gives Khamenei . If Khamenei is willing to end international pressure over Iran 's nuclear program , Rouhani provides the perfect opportunity . Rouhani 's victory has already bolstered a sense of optimism . Iranian currency , the rial , strengthened slightly against the U.S. dollar for the first time on Saturday after its steady downward spiral since 2011 . In his first message after his election , Rouhani declared that "  a new chapter " has begun and hoped the international community would use a more respectful rhetoric toward Iran . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nazila Fathi .	Nazila Fathi : Half the votes were for Rouhani , but government 's support is surprising Fathi : He supports enrichment of uranium : "  It is important for the centrifuges to spin " Rouhani was the only cleric to run , she says , but he favors political and social freedoms Fathi : Victory sparked optimism , hopes for respect from international community
European industrialists are sounding the alarm over a growing skills shortage on the continent that threatens their competitiveness and leaves manufacturing companies scrambling to find enough engineers . Chief executives of some of Europe 's biggest manufacturers said that problems around youth unemployment , demographics and the education system all mean that engineers could be increasingly difficult to find in the future . This would force their companies to move more research and development facilities to countries with a greater supply of engineers , such as China or India . "  By 2025 , we might need 500,000 engineers , " said Olof Persson , chief executive , of Volvo Group , the world 's second-biggest truckmaker . Peter Löscher , chief executive of Siemens , Europe 's largest engineering group , said "  the skills shortage , particularly in Germany , is a big issue . We have to ensure that our education system is providing the right engineering skills , that we have qualified immigration coming to Europe . . . And perhaps the biggest issue that European industry has to grapple with is that we have almost 24 per cent youth unemployment . " Their warnings come as the Financial Times starts a four-day series into how European manufacturing has fared in the eurozone crisis and the challenges it faces in the future . Many of Europe 's leading industrialists laid out an array of problems facing the continent 's manufacturers , from more expensive energy compared with US competitors to the lack of financing , especially in countries such as Italy and Spain for small companies . "  We are losing a lot of small companies that support medium-sized business like ours due to financing problems , " said Flavio Radice , chief executive of Pietro Carnaghi , an Italian company that is the world 's largest maker of vertical lathes . Industrial production in the EU remains more than 10 per cent below its pre-crisis peak from 2008 , while manufacturing companies have shed 3.4 m of the 35.4 m workers they had at the same time . But some manufacturing company executives also argued that European industry was holding its own against both the old-world competition from the US and Japan and newer rivals from China or India . "  Let 's stop being pessimistic . Yes , we have to face a moment of crisis and a moment of restructuring in many countries but companies are continuing to develop . Europe stands for high quality and keeps on innovating even more , " said Jean-Pascal Tricoire , chief executive of France 's Schneider Electric . Nonetheless , business leaders are worried about the skills of Europe 's newly educated workers compared with estimates of at least 400,000 and 100,000 engineers graduating each year from China and India respectively . Germany alone currently lacks 70,000 engineers , according to the VDI , the association of German engineers . Mr Persson said that other issues such as the availability of energy and regulation were important but meant little without skilled workers . "  If you do n't have a good , transparent , motivating education and innovation system , then the other things are very difficult to achieve , " he added .	European industrialists warn a growing skills shortage threatens their competitiveness Some of Europe 's biggest manufacturers said engineers could be increasingly difficult to find in the future Germany currently lacks 70,000 engineers , according to the VDI
CNN  -- A federal judge struck down key parts of a new Texas abortion law , considered among the most restrictive in the country , on Monday , one day before they were scheduled to take effect . The lawsuit -- filed in U.S. District Court in Austin by Planned Parenthood on behalf of more than a dozen women 's health care providers across Texas -- alleged the law violates the constitutional rights of women and puts unreasonable demands on doctors who perform abortions . The lawsuit specifically targets requirements under the new law that doctors obtain admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of the clinic at which they 're providing abortion services , and usage controls on RU486 , a drug that induces abortions . U.S. District Judge Lee Yeakel blocked the law 's admitting privileges requirement , arguing that it "  places a substantial obstacle in the path of a woman seeking an abortion of a nonviable fetus and is thus an undue burden to her . " He also blocked a part of the law that deals with medication-induced abortions but allowed restrictions on the same issue to move forward . Provisions such as requiring strict use under Food and Drug Administration protocol and mandatory follow-up visits remain in place . "  The medication-abortion provisions may not be enforced against any physician who determines , in appropriate medical judgment , to perform a medication-abortion using the off-label protocol for the preservation of the life or health of the mother , " Yeakel wrote . Abortion-rights groups say the judge did not go far enough on the issue of medication-induced abortion , believing doctors should be able to use it with few restrictions . "  Today 's ruling marks an important victory for Texas women and sends a clear message to lawmakers : it is unconstitutional for politicians to pass laws that take personal , private decisions away from women and their doctors , " Cecile Richards , president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America , said in a statement . "  While this ruling protects access to safe and legal abortion for women in many parts of the state , part of this ruling will make it impossible for many women to access medication abortion , which is safe and effective early in pregnancy , " she said . Conservative groups were disappointed by the ruling . "  Blocking this law only puts vulnerable women in greater danger . We are very disturbed that a judge would partially block a law that is grounded in the latest science and in common sense , " said Anna Higgins , director of the Center for Human Dignity at the Family Research Council . The bill originally failed to gain approval because of a Democratic filibuster led by state Sen. Wendy Davis . Texas Gov. Rick Perry then called the legislature into a second special session to continue consideration of the bill . In response to the judge 's ruling , Perry vowed he and others will keep fighting . If the state decides to appeal , the case would head next to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans . "  Today 's decision will not stop our ongoing efforts to protect life and ensure the women of our state are n't exposed to any more of the abortion-mill horror stories that have made headlines recently , " the governor said . He added : "  We will continue fighting to implement the laws passed by the duly-elected officials of our state , laws that reflect the will and values of Texans . " Separately , the law prohibits abortions past 20 weeks of gestation . That ban takes effect , as scheduled , on Tuesday . CNN 's Bill Mears , Joe Sutton and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : The case would head next to the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans U.S. District Judge Lee Yeakel strikes down the law 's admitting privileges requirement He delivers a somewhat mixed verdict on medication-induced abortions "  Today 's decision will not stop our ongoing efforts to protect life , " says Gov. Perry
CNN  -- The number of dead in clashes in Southern Sudan has more than doubled , an official said . At least 211 people have been killed in recent attacks by breakaway militias loyal to George Athor , Southern Sudan 's Humanitarian Minister James Kok said in a statement late Tuesday . Earlier reports put the figure killed in Jonglei state at 105 . Kok said the attacks had continued until Tuesday evening and the death toll was expected to rise further as the bodies of women , children and other civilians who had fled into the bush were still being found . The minister accused unspecified "  northern actors " of supporting Athor and seeking to destabilize South Sudan . Athor took up arms in 2010 when he was not elected governor of the Southern Sudanese state of Jonglei state His forces have been attacking villages and clashing with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , the military wing of the movement that governs Southern Sudan . People in the region voted overwhelmingly for independence from the north in a recent referendum , setting the stage for it to become a new country . Athor 's forces have attacked the towns of Fanjak and Bor , SPLA spokesman Peter Aguer said last week . Twenty SPLA soldiers , 39 civilians and 30 of the attackers were killed in the attack on Fanjak , he said . Four SPLA soldiers and 12 attackers died in the Bor attack , he added . The clashes took place February 9 and 10 , he said . Athor has accused the Southern Sudan government of election fraud , but signed a truce in January , days before the referendum . As the nation readies for official independence on July 9 , violence caused by renegade militias has been a concern . Earlier this month , a mutiny among the Joint Integrated Units  JIUs  led by soldiers loyal to militia leader Gabriel Tang resulted in up to 50 deaths . Sixty-five civilians were also injured . The JIUs are a coordinated military force consisting of the northern Sudanese Armed Forces  SAF  and the southern SPLA . Tang 's forces had been merged into the units along with SAF . Doctors Without Borders said in a statement last week that it was "  currently responding to a large influx of wounded patients as a result of clashes that began ... in Upper Nile State , Southern Sudan . " "  We are mainly seeing patients with gunshot wounds , and many have significant abdominal and limb injuries , " said Tim Baerwaldt , head of mission for MSF in Southern Sudan . CNN 's Nima Elbagir and Journalist Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report .	At least 211 people have been killed in attacks by breakaway militias , a minister says Violence is ongoing and there may be bodies that have not been found The militia leader failed to be elected governor of Jonglei state last year , and took up arms Southern Sudan has voted to become an independent country
George Zimmerman "  did n't do anything unlawful " and was "  justified " in shooting 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , according to one of the jurors who acquitted Zimmerman . The woman , known as Juror B37 , spoke exclusively to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " Part 1 of the interview aired Monday , and part 2 aired Tuesday night . Shortly after the interview segment Tuesday , four other jurors released a statement responding to her comments . "  We , the undersigned jurors , understand there is a great deal of interest in this case . But we ask you to remember that we are not public officials and we did not invite this type of attention into our lives , " they said . "  We also wish to point out that the opinions of Juror B37 , expressed on the Anderson Cooper show were her own , and not in any way representative of the jurors listed below . " The jurors identified themselves only by their jury pool numbers . CNN Exclusive : What Juror B37 said that left people riveted Juror B37 told CNN she wanted to find Zimmerman guilty of "  not using his senses , " but that "  you ca n't charge him with anything because he did n't do anything unlawful . " She said Zimmerman "  started the ball rolling " and could have avoided the situation by staying in his car . "  But he wanted to do good . I think he had good in his heart , he just went overboard , " the juror said . Asked later whether she thought Zimmerman was within his rights , she was unequivocal : "  He was justified in shooting Trayvon Martin . " Opinion : Best way to respond to Martin verdict ? Vote ` We ca n't give them the verdict that they wanted ' The woman was part of a six-person , all-female jury that found Zimmerman not guilty . As the first juror to speak about the case , she offered insight into what happened behind closed doors . The jury was initially split -- three and three along the line of guilt -- she said . Juror B37 was among those who believed Zimmerman was not guilty from the start . There was one holdout , the juror said . "  She wanted to find him guilty of something , but could n't because of the way the law is written . He was n't responsible for negligible things that he had done leading up to that point , " she said , stressing that she and the other jurors took their responsibility seriously . "  I do n't want people to think that we did n't think about this , and we did n't care about Trayvon Martin , because we did . We 're very sad that it happened to him , " she said . The juror said she cried after the verdict and before it was read . At one point during the interview , she struggled to speak as her voice cracked . To Martin 's parents , the juror said she would tell them that she is terribly sorry for their loss . "  I feel bad that we ca n't give them the verdict that they wanted , but legally , we could not do that , " she said . Her emotion was echoed in the statement from the four other jurors . "  The death of a teenager weighed heavily on our hearts , but in the end we did what the law required us to do , " they said . Martin friend ` upset , angry ' by verdict ' I hope he gets some peace ' Just as she believes Zimmerman was guilty of not using common sense , Juror B37 thinks Martin was not without fault . "  I believe he played a huge role in his death , " she said about the teenager . "  He could have ... When George confronted him , and he could have walked away and gone home . He did n't have to do whatever he did and come back and be in a fight , " she said . The juror had no doubt that Zimmerman feared for his life . She said she did n't have a strong impression of Martin . "  All we really heard about Trayvon was the phone call that he had , and the evidence they had found on him . We basically had no information what kind of a boy Trayvon was , what he did . We knew where he went to school and that was pretty much about it , and he lived in Miami , " she said . Asked about what role race might have played in the trial , which grew into a national debate about gun laws and race in America , the juror said it did not matter . Zimmerman did not target Martin , who was African-American , because of the color of his skin , she said . The juror believes he profiled him because of the suspicious way he acted . "  I do n't think race had anything to do with this trial . I mean just because he was black and George was Spanish or Puerto Rican , I do n't think it had anything to do with this trial . But I think people are looking for things to make race play a part , " the juror said . She added that she hopes Zimmerman will be able to move on . "  I hope he gets some peace , " she said . "  I hope his family can live a normal life after a while . I do n't know how he 's ever gon na do that , but I hope he can . He 'll never forget , but I hope he can . " Radio host offers Rachel Jeantel a full ride to college Verdict does n't end debate in Trayvon Martin death	"  We did what the law required us to do , " say four other jurors They say the opinions of Juror B37 are not "  representative " Juror B37 spoke exclusively to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " about the case She says Zimmerman "  wanted to do good " but "  went overboard "
Paris , France  CNN  -- Ten of France 's 12 oil refineries were stopping production Friday , an oil industry spokesman said , as the country went through a fourth straight day of strikes over pension reforms . Unions said workers at all 12 refineries were taking part in the strike . Yves Le Goff , a spokesman for the French Oil Industry Association , said there is currently no rupture in the fuel supply , but that did not stop consumers from lining up at gas stations across the country to stock up on fuel , just in case . The work stoppage at the refineries was having a direct effect on the two main Paris airports , Orly and Charles de Gaulle . Both are supplied by a pipeline that comes directly from refineries that were shut down Friday , according to Trapil , the company that owns the line . While Orly said it has enough fuel to last for 17 days , French media reported that Charles de Gaulle has enough fuel to last at least through the weekend . A spokesman for Paris Airports would not confirm how many days the Charles de Gaulle fuel would last if the pipelines continued to be blocked , but said there was no concern . "  We are not at all worried right now , " the spokesman said . The strike is over government pension reforms , which have passed the lower house of Parliament and are now awaiting approval by the Senate . Workers are especially upset over plans to raise the retirement age from 60 to 62 , a provision that has already been approved by both houses of Parliament . It will not become law , however , until the Senate approves the full spate of reforms . The strike is the fourth by unions in the past month and the first one to go longer than 24 hours . Unions have said it will be open-ended , with a vote each day about whether to continue the walkout the following day . French President Nicolas Sarkozy indicated Thursday that his government would not back down in the face of strikes . "  Our duty is to act ; to act in the public interest , act with justice , but to act , " he said , according to a report in the Paris daily newspaper Le Monde . Another concern Friday was the increasing number of high school students joining the protest . There were demonstrations Friday in several French cities including Paris , where students were in front of the Senate to protest the bill . Student protests led to "  disruptions " at 342 schools across the country Thursday , the Education Ministry said . Transportation was suffering only minor disruptions . Local transport services like subways and buses were operating well , though only half of the high-speed TGV trains were running , officials said . CNN 's Jim Bittermann , Winnie Andrews , and Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	Friday is the fourth straight day of strikes At least 10 of France 's 12 oil refineries are shut People are lining up at gas stations to stock up ; the main Paris airports are affected
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- Iran still plans to send ships carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , despite earlier reports to the contrary , a top official said Sunday . Mohammad Reza Sheibani , the deputy foreign minister in charge of Arab affairs , denied reports that Iran had abandoned the idea because of threats from Israel . "  The program to send  humanitarian  aid ships to Gaza by people 's organizations and NGOs is still on the agenda of the Islamic Republic , " he told reporters , according to a report in the semi-official Mehr news agency . Tehran will coordinate with other nations who also plan to send aid and will decide on the departure time of the aid accordingly , Sheibani said . He said that sending aid to Gaza by plane and through Egyptian borders is still on the agenda , adding : "  This issue has been discussed with Egyptian authorities and we are waiting for them to let us know when our planes should carry the aid to Egypt . " On Thursday , the Islamic Republic News Agency quoted Hossein Sheikholeslam -- secretary-general of the International Conference for the Support of the Palestinian Intifada -- as saying : "  The Iranian ship carrying humanitarian aid will not go to Gaza . " IRNA said that Sheikholeslam told reporters in the northern city of Rasht that the ship had originally been scheduled to depart for Gaza on Thursday , but that its departure was postponed until Sunday because of restrictions imposed by Israel . He added that officials then decided instead to cancel the trip altogether , shipping the goods to Gaza by other means , IRNA said . "  The Zionist regime has sent a letter to the U.N. saying that the presence of Iranian and Lebanese ships in the Gaza area will be considered a declaration of war on that regime and it will react to it , " he said , according to the news agency . He added : "  In order to deprive the Zionist regime of any excuse , the aid collected for the oppressed people of Gaza will be delivered to them by other means without mentioning the name of Iran . " In a posting on the Israel Defense Forces website , the chief of the general staff said Israel has "  a natural right to inspect and to prevent the flow of weapons into the Gaza Strip . " "  If anyone is bothered by the situation in the Gaza Strip and wants to transfer medical supplies there , they can respect our guidelines and go through to the Ashdod port , " Lt. Gen. Gabi Ashkenazi said Tuesday , according to the IDF . "  We will inspect them , and if we can we will transfer them in . " Ashkenazi added , "  It is important that we maintain this right and we can not let the Gaza Strip turn into an Iranian port . " Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced this month Israel 's plans to ease its blockade of Gaza , a step commended by major powers and brushed off by Palestinian leaders . Palestinian officials said the steps were an improvement but urged that the blockade be completely lifted and the Israeli siege ended . Israel 's announcement came three weeks after ships in Israel 's naval blockade sparred on May 31 with a flotilla of aid ships heading to Gaza . Israel 's military stopped the flotilla , killing nine activists on one of the ships in the incident , which drew international condemnation . Israel said its troops were attacked with knives , metal poles and other objects on one of the boats ; the boat 's passengers said they were fired upon without provocation . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Tehran disputes earlier reports that plan to send ships had been scrapped Time of shipment to be coordinated after consulting other nations Israel defends right to prevent flow of weapons into Gaza
CNN  -- Senegal 's octogenarian incumbent president is seeking a third term Sunday , a bid that has sparked deadly protests and threatened the nation 's reputation as one of the most stable democracies in Africa . The incumbent Abdoulaye Wade , 85 , came to power in 2000 after multiple unsuccessful runs . One of the continent 's oldest leaders , the French-trained lawyer also has a degree in economics . He is seeking a third term against a crowded field of 13 others , including two women . He was initially credited with boosting the nation 's infrastructure , but his critics have accused him of autocracy and said he is grooming his son to take over after him . Others have accused the leader of grandiose investments , including a costly towering monument near the capital of Dakar that sparked criticism in a country where poverty is still rife . Other contenders include Ousmane Tanor Dieng , Moustapha Niasse and Macky Sall , the latter of whom considered Wade a mentor . Why are protesters against his run ? Senegalese protesters have taken to the streets nationwide since Wade won a court bid to run for a third term despite a constitutional limit mandating two terms . Wade successfully argued that he is exempt because he took office before the term limit was put in place . Wade is among a list of elderly leaders clinging to power in sub-Saharan Africa despite demands for them to step down . Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe used his recent 88th birthday to lash out at critics and vowed to run for re-election . The opposition has said it will protest if Wade wins , but analysts say a lack of cohesion among foes and a system that favors the incumbent make it harder to unseat Wade , who is nicknamed the "  hare " for his shrewd politics . "  Opposition in Senegal is weak due to a lack of interest , resolve and an unfair political and electoral system that 's hell bent on guaranteeing Wade 's presidency , " said Ayo Johnson , an analyst on Africa . Who is behind the protests ? Grammy-award winning Senegalese musician Youssou N'Dour is one of the forces behind the demonstrations . Last month , the constitutional court barred the singer from running for president , sparking more outrage on the streets . The court said he did not have enough signatures for his application to be valid , which he denies . Other leaders , entertainers and groups have joined the movement to block Wade 's bid for a third term . An opposition coalition dubbed M23 has galvanized the protests and maintained the momentum as opposition candidates resumed campaigning . The June 23 Movement , or M23 , is named after the date of a major protest last year against a constitutional amendment that would almost guarantee Wade victory . Why is Senegal considered a stable democracy ? Senegal gained independence from France in 1960 , and is one of the few nations in West Africa that has not had a coup . Past elections have included a smooth transition of power , a rarity in a continent with a history of election chaos , civil wars and coups . Its democracy is rooted in history -- even as a French colony , Senegal had representatives in parliament . "  Elections in Senegal have previously been peaceful , " Johnson said . "  Currently , there is a lot of tension , anxiety , and protesters are already having running battles with police forces loyal to Wade . This would have been previously unthinkable . " The Senegalese are becoming "  more daring and resolute " in their quest to oust Wade , the analyst said . Is Wade headed for re-election ? Analysts say a divided opposition vote makes it easier for him to coast through . "  There are 13 presidential candidates with different ideologies and political differences ... making it easy for Wade to streak through a third term , " Johnson said . "  However , if voting goes to a second round , a weakened Wade will find it difficult to win . " Wade would have stiff competition if parties consolidate their vote and rally against one candidate , he said . Conflict in the south also an issue Despite its badge of honor as a stable democracy , a decades-long separatist rebellion in the southern region of Casamance remains unresolved . The government and rebel leaders have signed a peace accord in the past , and Wade promised to end the conflict when he took over , but the simmering tensions have blemished the nation 's reputation .	Protests as Senegal 's octogenarian incumbent president seeks third term Abdoulaye Wade , 85 , came to power in 2000 after multiple unsuccessful runs Musician Youssou N'Dour is one of forces behind demonstrations Past elections have included smooth transition of power , a rarity in Africa
CNN  -- Fourteen people have died so far from the Ebola outbreak that began earlier this month in Western Uganda . According to the World Health Organization , the first case is believed to be from the Nyanswiga village in Nyamarunda , a sub-county of the Kibaale district of Uganda . So far , 36 suspected cases have been reported , WHO spokesman Tariq Jasarevic said Tuesday . Nine of the deaths are reported to have occurred in one household ; a health official who was treating one of the patients also died . Unfortunately family members and health officials - those caring for the already sickened - are the most likely to be infected as well . When was Ebola first discovered ? The Ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central African nation of Zaire  now the Democratic Republic of the Congo  . The virus is named after a river in that country , where the first outbreak of the disease was found . There are five species of Ebola viruses , all named after the areas they were found in : Zaire , Sudan , Cote d'Ivoire , Bundibugyo and Reston , according to the WHO .  There can be different strains of Ebola within each species  . Health officials have determined that the Sudan species is the culprit in this current outbreak , which is among the three more lethal species of Ebola . The fatality ratios of Ebola hemorrhagic fever outbreaks in Africa are between 25 % and 90 % , according to a WHO fact sheet . So far only the Reston species of Ebola has been found to infect humans and not cause serious illness or death . What are the symptoms of Ebola and is there a cure ? Initial symptoms of Ebola can be mistaken for other illnesses like the flu because they can be very similar : sudden high fever , joint and muscle pain and sore throat . But Ebola victims then often get bloody diarrhea and/or start vomiting , followed by rashes , red eyes , and internal and external bleeding  bloody nose or gums  . Early reports from this outbreak suggest more patients were suffering from vomiting and diarrhea than visible external bleeding . But health officials caution that information about this outbreak is still very scattered and the investigation has just begun . There is no treatment for Ebola and no vaccine . All doctors can do is provide patients with supportive care , like replenishing fluids and electrolytes , keeping their blood pressure and oxygen levels in check and treating any infections that might occur , according to the Centers for Disease Control . There 's a lot that 's not known about this disease , but researchers suspect that "  patients who die usually have not developed a significant immune response to the virus at the time of death , " according to a CDC fact sheet . How does it spread ? Researchers do not know what the natural reservoir of the Ebola virus is . But they have found its cousin virus - Marburg , which also causes hemorrhagic fever - in fruit bats in Africa . While there are no known cases of a human being directly infected with Ebola by a bat , sources tell CNN , there are two documented cases of humans being infected with the Marburg virus after being in a cave full of fruit bats . However , researchers believe humans are infected either by handling of dead or alive infected animals  like chimpanzees , gorillas and forest antelopes  , or by being in direct close contact with someone who is sick with or has already died from Ebola . The virus can be found in bodily fluids like blood , urine , diarrhea and saliva , so direct contact with these fluids from infected humans or animals , can lead to the transmission . People can also become infected by coming into contact bodily secretions found on needles , scalpels , soiled clothes and linens . Can Ebola be contained ? Once an outbreak has been identified , the transmission of the virus can be prevented , if proper precautions are taken . Avoiding contact with body fluids from someone sickened with Ebola is key . That means wearing proper personal protection equipment like gloves , gowns , masks and eye protection . Hospitals will also set up isolation wards to isolate Ebola patients from other patients . Officials tell CNN that while those caring for the actively sick need to wear PPE  personal protection equipment  , someone walking through a village where a patient was sick would n't need to wear a mask because the virus is n't airborne . Could this outbreak spread to the U.S. or other distant countries ? Experts think it 's unlikely the current outbreak would spread to the United States . While the only example of transmission of Ebola in the United States came with the importation of research monkeys  no humans were sickened  , there was a situation four years ago where two tourists traveling in Uganda were infected with Marburg hemorrhagic fever . Both patients returned to their home countries , according to the CDC . One survived and the other died , but nobody else was infected because proper protections were taken during treatment . When is an outbreak considered ` finished ' ? The incubation period for Ebola is two to 21 days , according to the WHO . Health officials tell CNN an outbreak is considered to be over following two incubation periods after the last person becomes ill - a total of 42 days .	36 suspected cases have been reported , WHO spokesman says Ebola virus was first detected in 1976 in the central African nation of Zaire Initial symptoms of Ebola can be mistaken for other illnesses like the flu There is no treatment for Ebola and no vaccine
CNN  -- There is a growing belief among many in the West that Europe and the United States provoked President Putin into annexing Crimea . Moscow 's reaction to NATO expansion and to the EU 's efforts to bring Ukraine into its orbit was , it is said , inevitable . In this view , Western leaders backed Putin into a corner and , with the situation worsening in eastern Ukraine , it is time we gave him an exit plan . Interestingly , this is the prevalent view in Southeast Asia , a region not lacking a large and assertive neighbor of its own . In Singapore last week , several prominent figures told me Southeast Asia is managing better the challenge of a resurgent China than Europe is a re-assertive Russia . But this is a misleading comparison . China and Russia present entirely different propositions to their neighbors . President Xi Jinping recognizes the logic of win-win international politics . Whilst tightening his political control , he has overseen what is perhaps China 's most ambitious strategy for market-led socio-economic reform since the Deng Xiaoping era , and launched an all-out assault on the rampant levels of corruption in the Chinese Communist Party . In focusing on growth and modernization , Xi is aware of the importance of a stable and prosperous regional environment , and has sought to manage the growing anxiety and resentment that China 's rise is causing among its Southeast Asian neighbors . Relations with Japan have deteriorated to a dangerous level , but in China 's southern neighborhood Xi has worked hard to improve relations . Ties with Vietnam and Malaysia have been bolstered , despite competing territorial claims over islands in the South China Sea . China is increasingly active in a range of regional multilateral institutions , and has sustained a constructive political and economic relationship with the United States , despite their competing strategic roles in the region . Most importantly , China is ever more deeply integrated economically with its neighbors across East Asia , serving as an essential engine of regional economic growth . From a Chinese perspective , the rising tide lifts all boats . Neighbors that are economically strong support China 's growth . Given its relative size , China 's political influence will only grow as a result . ` Law of jungle ' The contrast between this approach and that of President Putin could not be starker . Putin appears to see the world through a unique prism of winner takes all and loser loses everything . He represents a 19th century "  law of the jungle " mentality , in the words of Angela Merkel . This makes Russia an altogether more dangerous neighbor . As tends to be the case with bad neighbors , Russia 's belligerence stems from problems at home . Despite recent high global oil prices , Putin presides over an economy in reverse . Russia 's current account surplus was already projected to have disappeared this year , before the crisis over Ukraine . Capital outflows amounted to $ 63 billion last year , a figure at least matched in the first quarter of 2014 . In the meantime , growth is projected to fall in 2014 to 0.6 % according to Russian figures , after achieving only 1.3 % in 2013 . Like Xi , Putin has tightened his control over the media and political opposition . But rather than accompanying political tightening with economic reform , his government has side-stepped market-opening commitments made as part of Russia 's WTO accession . And rather than tackling ever-deepening corruption , he has continued to hand his close allies the choicest parts of the Russian economy through Kremlin-led corporate mergers and lucrative concessions . Regionally , Putin 's notion of national security is to surround Russia with what Karel de Gucht , the EU Trade Commissioner , recently described as a string of economic "  black holes "  such as Ukraine and Belarus  and "  frozen conflicts "  including in Transnistria , Abkhazia and South Ossetia  . These areas remain dependent upon Russia for their economic survival and constitute a further hindrance to Russian economic growth . Where China recognizes the necessity of a stable neighborhood , Putin has manufactured a volatile and vulnerable one . Nor does he show any interest in exiting this spiral . Having failed with economic coercion , he is now also resorting to political and military coercion to prevent Ukraine from escaping Russia 's economic stranglehold . No return Russia will not reform under Putin 's watch , as some in the West once hoped . He blames the West for Russia 's ills and wallows in victimhood . But he avoids reforming the economic system he created , and perceives steps towards embedding the rule of law , accountable government and more open markets around Russia 's neighborhood as threats to his and Russia 's power . If the choice now is between trying to bring President Putin gradually in from the cold , or containing his worst instincts towards Russia 's European neighbors , the latter is the only rational answer . Europe and the United States should not accept the way Crimea was annexed into Russia , and should be prepared and willing to apply major economic sanctions should Putin raise the stakes again over Ukraine or Transnistria . Over time , Ukraine should be integrated into EU markets through the completion of the Association Agreement along with substantial financial support . There can be no return for Putin to the G8 or business-as-usual in NATO until Russian economic and military threats against its European neighbors are lifted and a mutually acceptable solution is found to Crimea 's status . Putin 's actions are not a response to European and American provocations . He has painted himself into a corner with a combination of strategic paranoia , dreams of Russian revanche and economic illiteracy . As it seeks to present a strong and united response , the West can ill afford to blame itself . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robin Niblett .	There is a growing view Russia was provoked into annexing Crimea , Robin Niblett says This belief is prevalent in Southeast Asia , where China is asserting itself , he says But Niblett says China 's president recognizes the logic of win-win diplomacy Putin 's "  winner takes all " approach , however , requires a strong response , he says
CNN  -- Hundreds of people attending Comic-Con in San Diego , California , will transform into zombies on Thursday . A "  zombie walk " at Comic-Con will promote the upcoming "  Zombieland " movie . They 'll converge in a "  zombie walk " through the San Diego Convention Center to promote Woody Harrelson 's upcoming post-apocalyptic comedy , "  Zombieland . " Comic-Con is an annual gathering of 125,000 people whose interests include comic book and science fiction film and TV , anime , toys and video games . Major movie studios and TV networks use the convention to launch their latest productions . Zombie movies have been on the rise in recent years , and the type of zombies on the big screen has been evolving with the times . George Romero 's 1968 film "  Night of the Living Dead " -- followed by "  Dawn of the Dead " -- popularized zombies "  based on the original Haitian voodoo kind of zombie , the supernatural being , the walking dead or the undead , " said "  Zombieland " director Ruben Fleischer . Zombie films made "  a seismic shift in zombies with Danny Boyle 's film '28 Days Later , ' where it became a more viral-based thing , a diseased population , as opposed to from the grave , " Fleischer said . In "  Zombieland , " living people are infected by a fast-spreading virus that turns them into "  this other being " that is fast , ferocious and flesh-eating , he said . "  These modern zombies are reflective of some of the perils of what can happen with overpopulation and disease control and how quickly things can spread and become a problem . " iReport.com : Going to Comic-Con ? Fleischer , along with screenwriters Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , consulted a disease expert "  to get to the bottom of what the modern pandemic would be , " he said . "  When swine flu happened , it was after we finished shooting , but it just really reminded me of how these things can spread so quickly and a whole population can be devastated , " he said . While about 500 extras were hired to be zombies in Fleischer 's movie , even more Comic-Con participants could take part in Thursday 's zombie walk . Sony has hired professional makeup artists to get them ready . Fleischer said those portraying a modern zombie should think like "  a rabid dog . " Do n't lumber along like Frankenstein 's monster , but move with "  a real furious anger and intensity " and "  a lot of grunting and snarling and growling , " he said . "  Zombies do n't talk . " Hunger is a modern zombie 's chief motivation , he said : "  I think that they 're definitely cannibalistic . They want to eat people . " What does a modern zombie wear ? Fleischer 's zombies come as they are , whether in a work uniform or dressed for the mall . "  It 's as if you were at the mall and some zombies attacked and everyone there got turned into a zombie , " he said . "  They 'd be wearing the same clothes that they had before . They 'd be dressed in the same way . " Fleischer developed a list of 150 types of zombies for his film , including construction workers , moms , a punk rocker and preppie zombies . "  They 're just people who got infected , like a modern pandemic , " he said . "  Zombieland " -- which hits theaters October 9 -- brings out the humor in killing zombies , which is Harrelson 's specialty . "  They 're not easy to kill , so sometimes you 've got to get them more than once , " Fleischer said . "  You 've got to make sure you get them because they 'll keep coming if you do n't . " Harrelson blamed post-traumatic stress from filming for his scuffle with a TMZ photographer at an airport the day after shooting wrapped in Georgia in April . "  With my daughter at the airport I was startled by a paparazzo who I quite understandably mistook for a zombie , " Harrelson said . While Harrelson will be at Comic-Con to promote the movie , it was not known if he would be kept away from Thursday 's zombie walk .	Some Comic-Con attendees will become zombies to celebrate new film "  Zombieland , " starring Woody Harrelson , to debut in October Comic-Con draws more than 100,000 fans annually
CNN  -- Ryan Lochte doubled his gold-medal haul on the final day of the 10th FINA world short-course swimming championships in Dubai on Sunday . The American added gold in the men 's 200 meter backstroke -- setting a new championship-best time -- and the men 's 100m individual medley . The 26-year-old , the leading U.S. swimmer in the absence of his main rival Michael Phelps , also claimed a team gold as the U.S. won the 4x100m medley relay event , taking his title tally to six in Dubai . Sunday 's results took his overall medal total in all short-course world championships  which are held in 25m pools  to 21 -- four more than the previous record of 17 held by Sweden 's Therese Alshammar . Lochte 's tally of seven medals at the 2010 championships is also a record , as he also picked up a silver in the 4x200m free relay . "  I knew before the meet that my last day would be one of the toughest , but I am always up for the challenge . This is probably one of the worst shapes I have been in for a world championships , " he told the sport 's official website . "  I 'm not really 100 % . I 've done a lot of training , I have n't really rested for this meet and it 's actually very good for me because it makes me want to race harder and it 's a stepping stone for the -LSB- 2011 -RSB- Shanghai worlds . " The United States led the final medals table with 25 , which included 12 golds . Russia finished second on 10  four golds  , Spain claimed third place with eight  four golds  , while China finished fourth with 14 medals  three golds  . Brazil 's Cesar Cielo Filho completed a double in the freestyle sprint events , taking gold in the men 's 100m ahead of French swimmer Fabien Gilot and Russia 's Nikita Lobintsev to follow up his victory in the 50m . Felipe Silva gave Brazil a third gold of the week when he won the 50m breaststroke in a championships-record time of 25.95 seconds . In the women 's events , Rebecca Soni secured a clean sweep in the breaststroke after adding the 200 meters title to the 50 and 100 meter she won earlier in the week . All her victories came in championship record times . But it was Mireia Belmonte Garcia who was crowned the most successful female swimmer at the championships with four medals . The 20-year-old Spaniard claimed three gold medals  200 meter butterfly , 200 meter and 400 meter individual medley  and one silver in the 800 meter freestyle . Sweden 's Therese Alshammar equaled the record of women 's overall medals by winning silver in the 100m butterfly to match the 17 achieved by former U.S. swimmer Jenny Thompson . Felicity Galvez won the race in a championships-record time of 55.43 to retain her title and give Australia a first gold of the competition . China 's Jing Zhao also set a new best time in winning the 50m backstroke in 26.27 , while world record-holder Rebecca Soni of the U.S. set another milestone in the 200m breaststroke as she clocked 2:16.39 to clinch a hat-trick of golds in the discipline .	Lochte wins three golds on last day of world short-course swimming championships In all , Lochte claims a record seven medals at the championships in Dubai Spain 's Mireia Belmonte Garcia crowned top female swimmer with three golds and one silver United States tops the medal table with 12 gold and 25 in total
CNN  -- Actor and Iraq war veteran J.R. Martinez is the spokesman for Operation Finally Home , an organization that provides free custom-built homes for injured veterans . The nonprofit was started by Dan Wallrath , who was a top 10 CNN Hero last year . Martinez recently sat down with CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki to talk about CNN Heroes , his recent success on "  Dancing With the Stars " and the efforts of Operation Finally Home . Below are excerpts from that interview . Sonya Hamasaki : What inspired you to get involved with Dan Wallrath 's efforts ? J. R. Martinez : I heard about him in Houston , Texas , and that 's where we met . I heard about the great things he was doing by himself with just a couple of friends . And I thought to myself , "  Anyone who 's doing things from the goodness of their heart is somebody I want to be involved with . " Hamasaki : How does Operation Finally Home work ? Martinez : Operation Finally Home helps to give wounded troops returning from Iraq and Afghanistan a mortgage-free home . It really changes lives , and it gives people hope . A lot of times , one of the biggest things for our troops is getting jobs . If they can have a home , it then kind of alleviates some pressure and they can start focusing on the job aspect of things . Hamasaki : What 's it like to see the reaction when someone finds out they have a free home ? Martinez : It 's amazing to witness the transition ... to see their emotions and their body language completely change . And it 's not just the service member ; it 's the spouse , it 's the parent , it 's the brother or sister , it 's the child . There 's this change all the way across the board . It 's a beautiful thing to witness that kind of emotion . Hamasaki : What 's your personal connection with the organization ? Martinez : It 's a great feeling to be able to be part of the movement . I know the emotional void and the mental struggles and the physical struggles that the men and women and the families go through when they 're recovering . So it allows me to understand the importance of it , and it gives me the opportunity to serve . Hamasaki : What other projects are you working on ? Martinez : I 'm involved with "  Dancing With the Stars " at the moment , and it 's an exciting ride . It 's fun , and it 's a great platform for me to share who I am with people . At the same time , I 'm still doing motivational speaking . I believe that we all have something to share with someone else that can better someone else 's life . Hamasaki : Who are your personal heroes ? Martinez : There are a lot of people who can be classified as heroes and do great things and inspire me . My mother is my hero . My mother has done so much for me in my life and has continuously been there and been my rock . Then I come across wounded troops who persevere every single day , who smile , who have a positive attitude , and they 're my heroes for what they have done . And Dan Wallrath is a hero for the hope he 's given to these families by giving them a brand new home .	Operation Finally Home builds custom homes for wounded U.S. veterans Actor and Iraq war veteran J.R. Martinez is closely involved with the nonprofit Martinez : I know the mental , physical struggles these veterans are dealing with
CNN  Gov. Chris Christie will meet with Prime Minister David Cameron when the New Jersey Republican heads to the United Kingdom for a trade mission this week , a trip that will give Christie a chance to strengthen his foreign policy credentials as he prepares for a potential presidential run . Christie 's three-day tour -- his third international trip since September -- starts Sunday with a Premier League game between Arsenal and Aston Villa . Later in the trip he meets with Cameron in London as well as with members of the Prime Minister 's Cabinet and U.S. Ambassador Matthew Barzun . "  There is no other country that has such a strong connection to ours in terms of history , economy and culture , " Christie said on a call with reporters before the trip . "  And , so , we want to continue to make the most of that relationship . " Christie traveled to Mexico in September and to Canada in December , placing a heavy emphasis on energy policy while visiting the United States ' neighbors . With the United Kingdom as New Jersey 's third-largest trade partner -- more than $ 7 billion annually -- the governor is leading a delegation of New Jersey business leaders to meet with representatives in the life sciences industry , including pharmaceutical and biotech companies . He also will visit Hope House , a drug addiction treatment facility that 's backed by members of the royal family . Britain 's Prince Harry teamed up with Christie in 2013 to tour recovery efforts after Superstorm Sandy severely damaged the Jersey Shore . Along with sharpening his foreign policy chops , the trip gives Christie a chance to prove that he 's able to tone down his "  Jersey Guy " persona . When he was in Mexico last September , reporters noticed the governor was acting more guarded and restrained than his normal self . In an interview with the The New York Times , he acknowledged that he can be "  flamboyant " at times . "  But it does n't mean that 's the way I am all of the time , " he added . "  You know , I have more than one club in the bag , and I 've demonstrated that over time , " he said . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker , who 's also laying groundwork for a potential presidential campaign , will travel to the United Kingdom a week after Christie .	Gov. Chris Christie travels to the United Kingdom this week Potential presidential candidate is set to meet with Prime Minister David Cameron
Madrid  CNN  -- Loud chants rise up from the street below , the noise bouncing off the wall of the building across the way and pouring in to an apartment on the top floor of a block in Vicalvaro , a working class suburb of Madrid . "  The people , united , will never be divided ! " yells the crowd , angrily waving banners and placards . "  To fight is the only way ! " Rocio pokes her head out of the window , watching the commotion below with interest , as dog-walkers , mothers with strollers , and pensioners carrying shopping bags join the throng . The scores of people gathering on the sidewalk are no nosey neighbors -- indeed , many of them are complete strangers to the family living on the fifth floor -- but they are all here to protect Rocio from eviction . The mother-of-one , with brightly-dyed hair , braces on her teeth , and worry etched on her face , hangs her head as she explains how she got here : The move from Ecuador in 2003 , when times were good and jobs plentiful in Spain , the decision to invest in a home for Rocio and her son , now 17 and in high school . But then the global financial crisis hit , bringing Spain 's economy to its knees ; Rocio lost her jobs -- in a shop , and as a cleaner -- and the mortgage payments spiraled out of reach . She is an example of the crisis many Spaniards face as the country deals with the highest unemployment since the Civil War in the 1930s , and a recession entering its second year . For a while , Rocio got by on benefits , but then those stopped too , and now the bailiffs are circling . "  They are about to evict me , and I 'm fighting to stay because I do n't have anywhere else to go , " she says . "  I have n't paid my mortgage because I ca n't -- I do n't have any work . " Inside the cosy two-bedroom apartment , there 's little sign that the family may be turned out onto the street at any moment : The TV is on in the lounge , shelves and closets are full , and a piece of meat sits on the kitchen counter top , defrosting in time for tonight 's dinner . In the main bedroom , there 's just one concession to the very real threat that Rocio might be about to lose her home : a large black suitcase sits , empty , atop a bedspread dotted with pink roses . "  I ca n't stand the thought of living on the streets with my son , but I have no idea where else to go , " she says . "  Just thinking about it makes me very sad . " Rocio 's story is echoed by others all over Spain : the global financial crisis knocked the bottom out of the country 's housing market and sparked a major recession that left thousands jobless . The country 's unemployment rate stands at 26 % -- its highest level ever -- and the situation is even worse for young people , with more than 55 % of 16 to 24-year-olds out of work . With no income , many are finding themselves unable to afford the mortgage payments on homes that are no longer worth the prices paid for them . Tomas Rodriguez is one of those who lost his home . The 33-year-old used to work in a grocery store , but was made redundant when the company got into trouble . Now he sleeps in Madrid 's Plaza Mayor , a tourist hotspot by day , and cardboard city peopled by the homeless at night . "  I was able to get unemployment benefits , but time has run out , " he says . "  I ca n't afford to pay for things , so now I 'm living on the street ... It 's hard , but that 's the way it is . " Rodriguez says the financial crisis has left many ordinary Spaniards homeless : "  People are losing their jobs . Now they ca n't pay their mortgages , they ca n't provide for their families , they struggle . "  People have an image of the homeless that is not real -- they see somebody with a box of wine and they think we 're all like that , -LSB- but -RSB- that 's not the case ... Even people with degrees are living on the street . Nobody is safe . " It is this fear that has driven many Spanish people to action -- compelled to act by what they see as the gross unfairness of everyday life in Spain in 2013 , where struggling citizens are evicted , even as hundreds of homes lie empty . Dozens of those gathered outside the door of Rocio 's apartment block are supporters of "  Stop Desahucios "  Stop Evictions  , part of the Platform of People Affected by Mortgages  PAH  a group which campaigns to prevent banks and authorities turfing those hit by the country 's economic woes out of their homes . "  For every eviction , an occupation ! " they shout , accusing the banks and authorities of "  real estate terrorism . " "  The next eviction should be at the Palace of Moncloa ! -LSB- the Spanish prime minister 's official residence -RSB- " runs another chant ; a few short years ago , most Spaniards would have shied away from such overtly political protests . Activist Dante Scherma , 24 , says Spain 's troubled history had left many wary of becoming involved in political issues : "  Forty years of Franco 's dictatorship made people disconnect from politics . " But when simmering anger and resentment about the government and the economy gave way to the mass marches of the 15-M movement -- also known as the "  Indignados " -- the floodgates were opened . In 2011 , thousands of Spaniards took to the country 's streets , inspiring the global "  Occupy " movement with their protest camp in Madrid 's Puerta del Sol . Sofia de Roa , 28 , was one of the first to take part in the demonstrations , which she says were a political awakening for the Spanish people . "  Citizens were not used to speaking out on political issues . My parents never discussed politics with me , but now that is changing . The movement awoke a lot of people who were not interested in politics before . " Scherma agrees : "  The 15-M movement made people talk about social issues , and about politics in normal conversations -- in cafes , restaurants , bars -- where before they only talked about football or fashion . " Nowadays , Madrid is a city of protests -- it is almost impossible to cross the capital without coming across a sit-in or a march , petitions are everywhere , and the activists have returned to the Puerta del Sol . The demonstrations are organized through the internet , particicularly Twitter and Facebook . "  We use the social networks to communicate , " explains de Roa , brandishing her smartphone . "  This is the tool that has permitted us to fight together , and to feel that we are not alone . " Their subjects are anything and everything -- from education reform to job losses , government cuts to corruption -- but all reflecting a widespread dissatisfaction with politicians and their handling of the country 's economic crisis . "  They are destroying our future , " says college student Alejandra , as she participates in a march in support of public education . "  We know there 's a crisis , but it could be less if they managed the money better . "  All the political parties do is accuse each other , the government is destroying the country , and the conditions for workers are getting worse and worse . " Each protest is color-coded : White for healthcare workers , green for the education sector , orange for social services , red for general trade union members , and black for public service workers . On Saturday , February 23 , all these individual groups are expected to unite for rainbow-hued mass demonstrations in towns and cities across Spain , known as the "  Marea Cuidadana "  Tide of Citizens  . Back in Vicalvaro , the moment of truth has arrived , but the crowd -- now shouting at the police , insisting they should be ashamed of themselves for helping to evict families -- appears to have had an impact . Rocio is summoned downstairs , as lawyers from the PAH explain that she will be able to stay -- for a while at least . For those working to stop Spain 's eviction epidemic , today has seen a small and temporary victory : The bailiffs have been put off for now , but Rocio knows they may yet return . For those demonstrating about cuts , corruption and a lack of cash , the protests will go on . CNN 's Joe Duran contributed to this report .	Spain has seen hundreds of protests since the "  Indignados " movement erupted In 2011 , activists took over Madrid 's Puerta del Sol , inspiring the global "  Occupy " campaign Two years on , many are still angry , and marches and sit-ins are common in the capital A mass demonstration is planned in towns and cities across Spain on February 23
CNN  -- Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger says he 'll take to the skies again -- as soon as he can shake Flight 1549 out of his head . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , left , and First Officer Jeffrey Skiles say they 'll eventually return to work . "  I 'll be going back to work as soon as I 'm ready , " said Sullenberger , who along with First Officer Jeffrey Skiles safely guided US Airways Flight 1549 to an emergency landing in the Hudson River last month . Sullenberger , Skiles and veteran flight attendants Sheila Dail , Doreen Welsh and Donna Dent spoke to CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday . The captain and his crew have achieved national fame since their January 15 landing , in which all 155 passengers survived . "  My sleep has been disrupted ever since the incident ... It 's distracting and it 's hard sometimes to turn off my brain at night , " Sullenberger said . Sullenberger 's crew members expressed similar experiences in the aftermath of the incident . All but Welsh , a 38-year veteran who was injured in the accident , said they felt certain they would return to work at some point . Asked why she was n't in uniform during the interview , Welsh replied , "  I ca n't yet . I was the one that was injured , and I was the one in water , and it -LSB- the uniform -RSB- was ripped and bloody , and I just ca n't put it on yet . " Watch the crew discuss flying again " Welsh said she 's not scheduled to fly for "  a while , " adding , "  I do n't know what I 'm going to do yet . I have n't -- I did n't get there yet . " Watch "  Sully " Sullenberger react to passengers ' stories " Earlier this month , the National Transportation Safety Board said both the plane 's engines contained the remains of birds , confirming the pilots ' report that the engines shut down after colliding with birds less than 2 minutes after taking off . The plane 's flight data recorder "  revealed no anomalies or malfunctions in either engine up to the point where the captain reported a bird strike , after which there was an uncommanded loss of thrust in both engines , " the NTSB said . Sullenberger told "  Larry King Live " that bird strikes are not "  terribly uncommon , " though they typically have only minor impact on a plane . Watch pilot and crew describe the bird strike " "  This was very different , " Sullenberger said . "  There were many large birds that struck all over the airplane , pelted us like hail and severely damaged both engines . " Watch Sullenberger talk about landing the plane safely " Sullenberger took over the controls from Skiles , who had been piloting the plane , and Skiles tried to restart the engines . Within minutes , Sullenberger decided to land the plane on the Hudson . Was it a miracle ? "  I would n't say that , " Skiles said . "  I would still say that it 's just everybody did our jobs and we had good fortune , as well . " Watch Skiles express sense of responsibility to passengers " The crew praised the passengers remaining remarkably calm throughout the ordeal . "  It was incredible , " said Dent , a flight attendant with 26 years of experience . "  They did very well , a very educated group of travelers . I think that helped a lot . We had a lot of frequent fliers . "	Captain of plane that landed in river : I 'll return to work "  as soon as I 'm ready " Capt. Sullenberger : "  It 's hard sometimes to turn off my brain at night " after incident Sullenberger , crew recount Hudson River landing on "  Larry King Live " First officer : Everybody did their jobs , and "  we had good fortune "
Anyone who rents a car in Iceland is immediately handed a map of the country on which most of the landscape is marked out of bounds . Any attempt to leave the main highway results in splutters of indignation from in-car GPS units . This area , the computer complains , is n't suitable for such a tiny rental vehicle . Turn back now . It 's a tough call , because the places they do n't want us to go in our little cars are some of the most alluring on Earth . These are the mighty , brooding volcanoes that dominate Iceland 's skyline . Some slumbering , some angrily spewing out rivers of lava and cloudy torrents of ash . They 're not impossible to reach though . Not if you call in the experts . For me , this means meeting Kiddi , an Icelandic guide who possesses an engaging grasp of deadpan humor , and an understated passion for his country 's geological wonders . Crucially , he also owns several enormous 4x4 trucks with tires big enough to crush my whining GPS and the car it came in . Our goal for the day is Eyjafjallajokull , the volcano with the unpronounceable name that in 2010 sent plumes of dangerous silica dust into the atmosphere , disrupting European air travel and stranding millions of passengers . The main show is a couple of hours out of Reykjavik , but there are plenty of warmup acts along the way . We check out Heidmork , a petrified red lava field beyond the city limits where early Icelandic highway builders harvested construction materials in the days when less care was taken over preserving the country 's topography . Icy stalagmites We ascend through clouds of stinking sulfur near a geothermal power plant at Hellisheidarvirkjun , past acres of volcanically heated greenhouses at Hveragerdi and pause briefly for a photo op at Urridafoss , a semi-frozen waterfall surrounded by icy stalagmites . "  Can you see how some of the sheep take bigger risks grazing right on the edge ? " asks Kiddi , pointing to some woolly creatures munching on the precipice leading to the waterfall . I 'm expecting some insight into Icelandic fauna at this point , but that 's not really how Kiddi rolls . "  Stupid animals , " he adds . "  The grass tastes the same wherever they eat . " In the shadow of Eyjafjallajokull we pause by Seljalandsfoss , a 60-meter spout of meltwater from the volcano 's snow-capped summit . A treacherously icy trail leads behind the roaring curtain of water . Kiddi also takes me to the Gljufrabui , another giant water plume hidden nearby in cavernous mossy grotto . Then we 're off the main road and ascending the side of the volcano , powering up above the snowline along a cinder track . Suddenly we veer off into a brilliant wasteland of drifting white powder . Here the enormous studded tires that have been thudding the 4x4 along the road from Reykjavik come into their own , sloshing through iced-over streams and clawing their way up steep banks of snow . When the wheels begin to spin , we stop to let air out of the tires for better traction . "  In the summer , you would n't believe how many tourists we find stuck out here , " says Kiddi , shaking his head . "  They think they can drive here in their little cars . " Geothermal bathing Prejudices against small vehicles aside , Kiddi 's hit on an issue facing Iceland as it encourages more visitors to revive an economy battered by a 2008 banking collapse . The country is gambling on being able to attract millions of visitors in coming years , but there are questions over whether the infrastructure of its wild and sometimes dangerous attractions is capable of handling them . And while roaring up the side of a snow-covered volcano in a bright orange 4x4 might not seem the most ecological of options , in the hands of skilled guide it 's a environmentally friendlier option than unsupervised mass roaming . It 's crazy fun too , especially when Kiddi lets me have a go at the wheel . There ca n't be many things more thrilling than driving a monster truck across the side of a snow-covered volcano -- gunning the engine to crest icy ridges and swerving around huge boulders scattered by old eruptions -- and if there are , they 've probably been illegal since the late '70s . We reach the limit for the 4x4 , with the volcano 's conical summit rising in front of us . The rest of the journey , up and over the rim into the now-dormant caldera , requires the use of Kiddi 's snowmobiles . Although Eyjafjallajokull is our destination today , itineraries can include other volcanoes reached by thrilling rides across seemingly impassible landscapes . There 's Hekla , to the north , overlooking a sea of beautiful black sand and a geothermal bathing pool . "  Hekla has a woman 's name , " says Kiddi . "  And she looks beautiful , but she has a temper , erupting every 10 or 15 years . " Others include Katla , named after a witch and reputedly haunted , and Grimsvotn , Iceland 's most active volcano , where a geothermally heated glacial lake sits in a 35-kilometer wide crater . Then there 's Bardarbunga . Since August , Bardarbunga has been throwing up a spectacular display of boiling magma , giving the aviation industry palpitations but at the same time making it Iceland 's hottest attraction . Jay Z 's birthday treat Due to the risk from toxic gases  and hostile GPS computers  , ground access to Bardarbunga is limited . The eruption at the volcano 's Holuhraun lava field can be seen from chartered planes or helicopters -- Jay Z and Beyonce reportedly made a flyby ealier this month to celebrate the rapper 's 45th birthday . It 's such a dramatic sight that an Icelandair pilot earlier this year diverted a flight to give passengers a better look . Turning back to begin our descent of Eyjafjallajokull , Kiddi and I take in the incredible crystal-clear view of Vestmannaeyjar , an archipelago of islands formed off Iceland 's southern coast by a series of volcanic eruptions . The youngest island , Surtsey , is only 50 years old and is classed as one of Iceland 's several dozen volcanoes . Even on huge tires , it 's a bone-jolting ride down to sea level -- but that 's OK since I 'll be spending the night at Reykjavik 's boutique 101 Hotel  Hverfisgata 10 , Reykjavík ; +354 580 0101  , which has considerably more relaxing geothermal attractions  steam room and whirlpool  in the basement . Before we head back to the capital , we call in at a farm nestled against the base of Eyjafjallajokull . Here I meet Gudny Valberg , a retired teacher whose family has built a roadside visitor center to cope with the influx of tourists eager to see the volcano that in 2010 temporarily engulfed their farm in blizzards of ash and brought a large of the planet to a standstill . She tells me why she thinks Eyjafjallajokull exerts such a pull . "  There were 10 million affected when it erupted , " she says . "  Because of this volcano , many people 's lives changed -- they had an extra week of vacation , or they had to rent a car and drive for miles , or they did n't get to a loved one 's funeral . "  Now they want to see the thing that made that happen . " The popularity nearly became a problem , she says , hence the need to convert a disused machine shop into a visitor center to keep tourists from driving through her farm and into the valley beyond . "  My husband was always busy , pulling people out when they got stuck in their small cars ! " Back in our gigantic 4x4 , Kiddi fires up the engine and we hit the road . Iceland Safari  +354 544 5454  organizes super-jeep tours to volcanoes and other geological attractions across the country . Plane and helicopter flights over Bardarbunga can be arranged from Reykjavik domestic airport via Extreme Iceland  Vatnagardar 12 , Reykjavik ; +354 588 1300  .	Volcano safari tours in Iceland involve driving up Eyjafjallajokull in a giant-wheeled 4x4 super jeep In 2010 eruptions from Eyjafjallajokull grounded thousands of transatlantic flights and stranded millions Other volcanic attractions include Bardarbunga , which has been erupting since August 2014
CNN  -- Germany 's Andre Greipel powered to his first stage victory of this year 's Tour de France Wednesday after his arch-rival Mark Cavendish was caught up in a crash near the finish in Rouen . Greipel took full advantage after being given a perfect lead out by his Lotto teammate Greg Henderson . The imposing Greipel came off the New Zealander 's wheel to easily hold off Italian sprinter Alessandro Pettachi  Lampre  and Dutchman Tom Veelers of the Argos Shimano team . RadioShack 's Fabian Cancellera kept the race leader 's yellow jersey at the end of the 214 km stage from Abbeville . A mass pile-up less than three kilometers left Team Sky 's Cavendish with cuts and bruises and ended the hopes of a number of other sprint contenders . Cavendish , who edged out Greipel to win the second stage Monday , rode slowly to the finish after the crash , having earlier beaten all his rivals for the green points jersey at an intermediate sprint at 140km . The globalization of the Tour de France Greipel was delighted by his second career win on the Tour de France . "  It 's a really emotional victory for me , we worked hard for this and I think we deserved this , " he told Eurosport . "  I did n't see the crash ... it 's not nice to see those pictures , but it 's a part of racing and there was still a lot of quality guys there , so it 's no problem for me . "  I 've just won a stage in the Tour de France , so it could n't be better . " Slovakia 's Peter Sagan , winner of two stages on this year 's Tour , finished fourth to keep the green jersey heading into the fifth stage over 196.5 km from Rouen to Saint Quentin . Cancellara , who has maintained a seven second lead over race favorite , Team Sky 's Bradley Wiggins , since the opening prologue stage Saturday , was relieved to have avoided the pile-up . "  I 'm lucky and happy that I could get through it all safely . It 's never nice when people crash , " he told the official Tour de France website .	Andre Greipel wins fourth stage of the Tour de France German Greipel sprints clear of a reduced peloton in Rouen Britain 's Mark Cavendish brought down in crash near the finish Fabian Cancellara holds on to yellow jersey of race leader
CNN  -- There 's a reason they call Kimi Raikkonen the ` Iceman ' so it 's no surprise the Ferrari driver is n't allowing rumors surrounding his retirement to get him hot and bothered . Raikkonen 's future has been the subject of much speculation with talk of him leaving the sport sweeping through the paddock over the past few weeks . But the 34-year-old Finn , who sits 10th in the drivers ' championship , says he is only concentrating on finishing his career with Ferrari . "  I 'm not a young guy anymore so obviously I want to do something more in my life than just Formula One , " Raikkonen , who is set to become a father early next year , told CNN 's The Circuit . "  But I have no plans , I will finish my career at Ferrari , we 'll see in the future . " Ferrari is enduring a difficult time with the team having failed to win a drivers ' title since Raikkonen triumphed in 2007 , while it currently trails Mercedes by 292 points in the constructors ' championship . On Wednesday the Scuderia announced changes to its management structure , with Luca di Montezemolo , the man who presided over two decades of great success since taking up the role of chairman in 1991 , to step down on October 13 . Two years after becoming world champion , Raikkonen quit the sport after being pushed out of the team following Fernando Alonso 's arrival . He spent two years trying his hand at rallying before returning to the sport with Lotus in 2011 . It was during the British Grand Prix at Silverstone in July that rumors of Raikkonen 's impending retirement began to surface . But Raikkonen , who began his F1 career with Sauber in 2001 , says suggestions he is planning to leave the sport before his deal expires in 2015 are wide of the mark . "  No I never said that , " responded Raikkonen after being asked if he had said he was ready to quit the sport . "  The only thing that I said was that I will finish my career in Ferrari , F1 career in Ferrari , then people came up with ` it 's end of this year , it 's now , it 's then ' . "  With newspapers they just try to make rumors , wanting to be the guy that writes something up , it 's just rumors . "	Kimi Raikkonen to finish F1 career with Ferrari Raikkonen blasts rumors surrounding future Finn , 34 , contracted to Ferrari until 2015 Sits 10th in 2014 drivers ' championship
Twelve female students from Le Roy Junior Senior High School in upstate New York are experiencing a mysterious medical condition . Their symptoms include stuttering , uncontrollable twitching movements and verbal outbursts . Health officials say the symptoms are consistent with "  conversion disorder . " Dr. Jennifer McVige , a pediatric neurologist at the DENT Neurologic Institute who is treating many of the students affected , said , "  Conversion disorder is a physical manifestation of physiological symptoms where there is traditionally some kind of stress or multiple stressors that provoke a physical reaction within the body . " McVige said the symptoms are real . "  This is unconscious . It is not done purposefully . " Thera Sanchez , a senior on the honor roll at the school , said she has been fighting this affliction since October . She said after waking up from a nap , "  I got upset , I could n't stop stuttering . " During an interview with CNN 's Jason Carroll , her symptoms were apparent : She was twitching uncontrollably , flailing her left arm and jerking her head to one side . Sanchez said she also faints and has seizures . The seizures are a result of her pre-existing epilepsy disorder , which had been under control for years . Lydia Parker , also a senior at the school , is exhibiting similar symptoms . "  I took a five-minute nap . I passed out for five minutes and I woke up stuttering , " Parker said . She said her symptoms also started in October . Parker has a bruised forehead after banging it on her bedpost during a fainting spell , she said . Officials at the school hired an independent third party to conduct mold and air quality tests but found no environmental cause for the girls ' illnesses . A statement posted on the school 's website said , in part , "  The medical and environmental investigations have not uncovered any evidence that would link the neurological symptoms to anything in the environment or of an infectious nature . " Sanchez 's mother , Melissa Phillips said she does not agree . "  I do n't think that all physical aspects of this have been exhausted ; not enough testing has been done . " Phillips said she found out other girls were exhibiting the same symptoms when she brought her daughter to the hospital . The nurse said Thera was the fourth girl in a week to come in with the same issues . "  I was very irate to not know that other girls were going through this . " She also disagreed with McVige 's assertion that the girls are improving , saying , "  Nothing is getting better , you know , the girls are still getting worse . They have good days and bad days . " McVige is not sure why so many girls at the same school are suffering all at once . "  I do know that traditionally when they 've  doctors  looked back at different events that occurred in a similar nature , a majority of the time it is girls . " According to the Mayo Clinic , females are much more likely to get conversion disorder and it is more common in adolescents or young adults . McVige said she used the "  diagnosis of exclusion " to determine what happened to the girls , which means using the process of elimination . She ruled out a laundry list of factors to reach her diagnosis , including infections , drug use , food allergies and vaccine reactions , specifically Gardasil . The New York State Health Department agreed with McVige 's diagnosis after speaking with several doctors who evaluated the students . "  There are many causes of tic-like symptoms . Stress can often worsen them , " said spokesman Jeffrey Hammond . "  The doctors all agree that the symptoms these girls are experiencing are real . " This is n't the first time reports have surfaced of multiple students at one high school experiencing twitching symptoms . In 2007 , nine female students and one teacher were reported to have the same issues at William Byrd High School in Roanoke , Virginia . The school spent $ 30,000 testing the school and the surrounding area but found no evidence of any environmental factors that may have contributed to the illnesses . The school principal , Richard Turner , said after closely interviewing the students , they found six of them were faking the symptoms . The teacher who was affected is now symptom free and still teaching at the school . One student who got better within days , according to Turner , was determined to have had a reaction to medication . The other two students ' symptoms were eventually resolved . All of them graduated . "  We have n't had any other reported incidents since then , " Turner said . The Virginia Department of Health also did an investigation and told CNN it found no contributing environmental factors and concluded the students ' symptoms , though varied , were consistent with a social phenomenon called "  mass psychogenic hysteria , " which suggests real symptoms but no biological cause . Thera Sanchez said all she wants is to get better so she can go to college next year . "  I do n't think this is in my head . " McVige said she wanted to assure the public that this illness will not spread . "  I feel we need to put an end to feeling that this is a mystery , that someone is going to catch something contagious . " She expressed confidence all the girls will get better , adding they have "  an excellent prognosis . "	"  Conversion disorder " causes twitching , stuttering , verbal outbursts Doctor says it is caused by "  stressors that provoke a physical reaction " Mayo Clinic says young females are much more likely to get conversion disorder
CNN  -- Before he died , Heath Ledger had two films in production : "  The Dark Knight , " the latest chapter in the Batman saga , and "  The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus , " the latest film from director Terry Gilliam . Heath Ledger 's Joker character , here on the "  Dark Knight " poster , is the focus of the film 's marketing effort . Ledger 's death has affected both of them in different ways . The actor , who died Tuesday of unknown causes at age 28 , had finished filming "  The Dark Knight " late last year . It 's due to be released in July . But marketing of the film , currently in post-production , has been thrown into turmoil , the trade paper Variety notes . The early push for the film has focused on Ledger 's villainous Joker character , including a poster with a shrouded Joker scrawling "  Why So Serious ? " in blood on misty glass . The film 's studio , Warner Bros. , recently restructured its marketing department , Variety reports , after the departure of the executive who helped create the "  Dark Knight " campaign .  Warner Bros. , like CNN , is a unit of Time Warner . The trade paper speculates that the marketing campaign will be changed abruptly . The studio put out a statement Tuesday saying it was "  stunned and devastated " by the news of Ledger 's death . "  The entertainment community has lost an enormous talent . Heath was a brilliant actor and an exceptional person . Our hearts go out to his family and friends , " the statement said . Watch colleagues ' memories of Heath Ledger " With the Joker , Ledger was taking on a role that Jack Nicholson had rendered indelibly in 1989 's "  Batman . " But "  Dark Knight " director Christopher Nolan said the actor had more than measured up to Nicholson . "  To be perfectly honest ... what he 's doing is indescribable . He 's figured it out , " Nolan told the crowd at an August comic book convention in Chicago . Interactive : The life of Heath Ledger " The role as arch villain The Joker disturbed Ledger , according to The Associated Press . He called the character a "  psychopathic , mass-murdering , schizophrenic clown with zero empathy . " Although unusual , Ledger 's death does not mark the first time a major star has died while a film has been in production . Perhaps the most famous example is James Dean , who died in September 1955 , before post-production on "  Giant " had finished . Dean 's dialogue in the film 's final scene had to be re-recorded , Variety observes , because he had mumbled in the shot .  Dean and director George Stevens famously clashed during filming . Dean was nominated for an Oscar for his performance , his second posthumous Oscar nomination after "  East of Eden . " Brandon Lee died during filming of 1994 's "  The Crow , " prompting director Alex Proyas to use a stunt double and special effects . Oliver Reed had a heart attack during the making of 2000 's "  Gladiator " ; technology made it possible for director Ridley Scott to use a double as a stand-in with Reed 's face computer-generated in . Gilliam 's film , which concerns prime Gilliam material such as a magic mirror , a traveling show , the devil and a rougish character played by Ledger , is more problematic . The cast had just completed filming in London , which actor Christopher Plummer characterized as "  cold as bejesus " to Entertainment Weekly . "  You know how damp it gets in London . And at night the temperature drops horribly , and that little breeze gets up . You have to wear tons of stuff , " he said . Plummer said that Ledger had a "  terrible , lingering bug in London , and he could n't sleep at all . We all -- I thought he 'd probably got walking pneumonia , " he told EW . Gilliam has had challenges before . During the making of his film "  The Man Who Killed Don Quixote , " the Monty Python troupe member coped with filming near a NATO shooting range , a flash flood and a star with a herniated disc , a final indignity that prompted financiers to pull the plug . But nothing approaches Ledger 's death . Indeed , part of the reason Gilliam was able to obtain the film 's relatively paltry $ 30 million financing was because of Ledger 's agreement to star , according to Variety . Ledger and Gilliam had become close during the making of Gilliam 's "  The Brothers Grimm " and Ledger had plans to become a feature director himself , several sources have reported . The actor had directed a handful of music videos , including one for Ben Harper , with whom he formed a record company . Last month , Gilliam told Variety , "  He 's going to be a much better director than I will ever be . " Plummer told EW that "  Parnassus " had "  an enormous amount left to do . " After a short break , the cast was going to re-convene in Vancouver , British Columbia , primarily for technical and special-effects work . "  God knows what 's going to happen now , " Plummer said . E-mail to a friend	Heath Ledger was subject of "  Dark Knight " marketing campaign Ledger was filming new Terry Gilliam film when he died Gilliam said Ledger was going to be a fine director
The arrests occurred thousands of miles apart , but the scenes were similar in Oregon and Texas early Sunday : In the dark of night , police told Occupy demonstrators to leave protest sites . Those who refused were handcuffed and arrested . Authorities in Portland , Oregon , and Austin , Texas , say protesters were trespassing and violating city rules . Demonstrators say authorities were infringing on protesters ' rights to assemble . Police arrested more than two dozen people who refused to leave a park in northwest Portland , Oregon , after warnings that the park closed at midnight , police said . Authorities in Portland "  gave protesters numerous opportunities to simply walk away or choose to be arrested , " Mayor Sam Adams told CNN affiliate KPTV . "  This tonight was , I think , an unnecessary confrontation that we worked really hard to minimize , " he said . Occupy Portland offered a different take . "  Six mounted police and approximately 65 police in riot gear pushed supporters to the sidewalks and conducted the arrests over a period of several hours , " the group said in a statement . A Twitter post from the group as police entered the park said , "  This is what a police state looks like . " Police also arrested 38 people in Austin , Texas , who had set up a table with food and other items outside City Hall two days after the city issued rules saying food tables at the event must be put away between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. . When the group was asked to leave the area , the 38 refused and were arrested , police said . "  A number of individuals decided to try to prevent the police from taking the food table , so they formed a ring around it . That 's when they  police  started pulling people out arresting them , " Occupy Austin member Ronnie Garza told CNN affiliate YNN . Group members questioned the legitimacy of the city 's new guidelines , saying they were not passed by a City Council vote , YNN reported . "  These were arbitrary rules that came from City Hall which is what spurred people to resist in a non-violent way , " Garza said . Austin Police Chief Aft Acevedo told YNN police were doing their jobs . "  We steam clean the plaza for health and safety reasons three times a week . The Occupy Austin members have always been very cooperative , " he said . "  Tonight , it looks like a few people decided to exercise civil disobedience and have been arrested . " Austin police arrested four more people Sunday afternoon , according to officer Dennis Farris . Of the 38 arrested earlier , he said they are in the process of being released . If they return to the protest , they will be given "  every opportunity to leave , " said Farris . "  We 're going to bend over backwards . " Demonstrators across the country are protesting corporate greed and corruption . Many say the nation 's wealthiest 1 % hold inordinate sway over the remaining 99 % of the population . Scores of protesters have been arrested nationwide during the weeks-long "  Occupy " movement . On Friday , police said 51 demonstrators in San Diego , California , were arrested for various charges , including encroachment , unlawful assembly , illegal lodging and/or some form of obstruction of officers . Three others were arrested on similar charges in Tampa , Florida , according to a police statement . In Atlanta , police arrested demonstrators at a downtown park overnight Tuesday . The arrests came after Mayor Kasim Reed said he sent ministers to the park "  to see if we can find a way to resolve this amicably . " In Nashville , Tennessee , authorities arrested more than two dozen protesters overnight Saturday , after they again defied a curfew imposed by the state 's governor . Twenty-six people received citations for trespassing , while two others were cited for public intoxication , according to Tennessee public safety spokeswoman Dalya Qualls . On Thursday , Oakland , California , Mayor Jean Quan apologized for authorities ' confrontations with demonstrators , who were tear-gassed . The clashes led to the hospitalization of an Iraq war veteran . Marine veteran Scott Olsen suffered a skull fracture Tuesday night after allegedly being struck by a tear gas canister in Oakland , according to witnesses . Despite recent crackdowns against demonstrators nationwide , the loosely defined "  Occupy " movement does not appear to be losing steam . In New York , where the Occupy movement was born , protesters braved snow , sleet and rain during an unusually early snowstorm in the Northeast this weekend . Activist Angela Davis addressed the crowd on Sunday , stressing the importance of taking time to build real community . "  I 'm persuaded that this is the beginning of something really wonderful , really vast , really great . And I should say that it connects with movements that are happening in other parts of the world , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon .	Four more protesters are arrested in Austin , Texas Police arrest more than 24 people in Portland , Oregon , after warnings that a park is closed Portland mayor : Authorities "  worked really hard " to minimize confrontation Scores of "  Occupy " demonstrations continue across the country
CNN  -- In 33 years with CNN , Jim Clancy has been almost everywhere and seen almost everything . That includes covering the aftermath of horrific commercial jet crashes , like Pan Am Flight 103 in Lockerbie , Scotland , and Swissair Flight 111 in Halifax , Nova Scotia . It 's what he does . So naturally , when he got a call on March 8 that Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 had vanished , Clancy went to work . After that first week , though , the veteran international journalist said it became evident this was n't your typical jet crash . That 's all the more obvious four weeks in as investigators do n't have the plane 's wreckage in hand . Nor do they have a fact-based explanation as to what happened . Below , Clancy reflects on the story and what makes it so unique and baffling -- one that might take years to unravel . QUESTION : What did you expect when you got the call and headed from Seoul to Kuala Lumpur ? CLANCY : I 've covered various other air crashes that resulted in great loss of life . As I landed that Saturday in Kuala Lumpur , I thought -- as did most journalists -- that the biggest challenge to the story would be facing grieving families , having to interview and interact with them at what was almost certainly one of the worst times of their lives . But I was certain the crash itself would be quickly explained , a search would quickly bring us to conclusions . We expected the sadness and the sorrow from the families . We knew because there were so many people on board and so many different nationalities , that it would be a major story . We expected it to be resolved in 72 hours . QUESTION : When did you get the sense that would n't happen ? CLANCY : Very early on , at the very first news conference they hinted that the plane may have tried to reverse course , make a "  turn back " as they called it . And I asked the head of the air force : A turn back 5 km , did it make it 10 km , 20 km ? And he said , I ca n't tell you that , I do n't know . And then after that , that 's when we learned that it had flown hundreds of miles on radar . QUESTION : What 's your take on Malaysia 's response , and the reaction to it ? CLANCY : While this was not Malaysia 's first air tragedy , it was an unprecedented situation where a plane had gone missing -- not because something happened that forced it down , but because it abandoned its flight course and we do n't know why . The officials here were really hard pressed to know what do , how to react , who was in charge . From the very beginning , everybody wanted to know the answer to one question : Where is the plane ? What happened to my loved ones ? And why did it go off course ? These are fundamental questions that would be asked by anyone . The problem was that Malaysian authorities did n't have any idea what the answer was to these questions . How could they ? But that was seen by many as they must be covering something up , they must be hiding something . It did n't help that the aircraft flew back across the Malay Peninsula undetected , they did n't scramble any jets and it simply flew away into the Indian Ocean . And it appeared at the time that their civil aviation and that their military aviation were n't talking to one another or had n't communicated with one another . So the combination of multiple voices with no answers undermined any trust that the families had . The Chinese , especially , were bitter . Internet chat rooms and news outlets pumped up the theories . They included accusations that the Malaysians may have shot down the plane and they are covering it all up , that there was a hijacking and the Malaysian government was negotiating with them and they were n't telling the families . China 's government allowed protests in Beijing against Malaysia 's embassy . The kind of protests China would never tolerate if its own government were the target . They fueled the idea  that somehow the Malaysian government was directly responsible for the fate of their relatives and was trying to deceive them . QUESTION : What 's at stake for Malaysia ? CLANCY : They knew they were overwhelmed , confused and sending mixed signals in the first week . They tried to do their best , but it was an unprecedented situation . Rivalries within the government may have contributed . Clearly there was some level of incompetence . People forget that the United States on 9/11 did n't realize that those planes were going into the World Trade Center until the second one hit and the Pentagon had been hit . And that 's when  the United States  scrambled jets . So here 's tiny Malaysia -- with no experience in any of this -- and they know that they screwed up , but they desperately wanted to show they could get it right . That 's why they brought in a PR firm and reorganized themselves to help get a single message out and to try to dispel the rumors that they were trying to cover something up . It 's a national airline . It 's national pride . Their logic has been : If we find the plane and unravel what happened here , people will overlook the first few days of confusion and know we were never hiding something . They did n't have any of the capabilities or any of the assets to find this plane . So they organized a huge effort for the region . They also wanted this opportunity to shine . But again , they knew that they had to find the plane to make the whole thing work . So that 's why they 're so dedicated ... They will happily spend the last dollar that Australia has to find this plane . QUESTION : Why has this story resonated with so many people ? CLANCY : This story has captured the world 's attention because no one can believe that a sophisticated airliner like the Boeing 777 with 239 people on board can simply vanish into thin air . With no answers coming out of Kuala Lumpur , the internet went wild with speculation . Movie scripts started appearing online , there were attempts to crowdsource the search for the plane by looking at satellite photos . All kinds of images would pop up that you could n't trace . Because there were no facts , you could make them up . QUESTION : How do you approach a story like this ? CLANCY : I 've never covered a story like this one that had so few facts and so much speculation in so many different directions . Very quickly we saw chaos . Yes , the government was responsible for some of it . But Malaysia and the media danced down the road of contradiction and confusion together . Reporters misinterpreted what they were told . Sources misinterpreted what they were telling reporters . When I began to see it unfolding , I was more determined than ever to avoid speculation and conjecture about what happened to the plane . From what our sources were telling us , it was obvious they did n't have any real facts and there was no point in pretending we did , either . I was n't going to embrace some theory . Once CNN broke the story this plane had flown out of the South China Sea , back across the Malay Peninsula , I understood this was a bizarre , unprecedented event . The outcome was unpredictable because almost anything was possible . And so I kept convincing myself that evidence has to be coming . It has to be seen on a satellite , it has to be seen on a radar . And conspiracy theorists speculating about terrorism  never stopped themselves to ask the basic question of : Who did it ? Tell me who on board did it ? They could n't do that . Some of these rumors persist . Some of them start in China , some of them have started with aviation buffs . But none of the theories have any evidence to back it up . It is such a mystery because we have so few facts . QUESTION : What makes this story stand out for you , of all those big ones you 've covered ? CLANCY : I 'm trying to think of a story that 's more baffling . I ca n't . With Lockerbie , Pan Am Flight 103 , they had the airplane . It was a mystery at first because they did n't know why it came down . But we knew we had the evidence there and we would be able to find out what caused it . This case is far more baffling because we have a plane that reversed its flight path , traveled almost in a line to Antarctica and apparently stayed aloft until it ran out of fuel . That 's a plot ? There 's been no claim of responsibility . There 's been no manifesto explaining any political motives or personal motives for anyone . How does a plane with a catastrophic mechanical malfunction go on to fly another seven hours ? And as we try to imagine what was going on aboard the aircraft this entire time , would the other crew members have just stood by and let the plane go off in the opposite direction ? There 's a very good reason for our curiosity . There 's a very good reason for us to want to extend the resource necessary to unravel this mystery .	CNN anchor Jim Clancy is a veteran international journalist He says it 's hard to "  think of a story that 's more baffling " than the plane 's disappearance Clancy expected it would be resolved in 72 hours Four weeks later , the plane 's vanishing remains a mystery
George Zimmerman was charged Monday with felony aggravated assault after allegedly pointing a shotgun at his girlfriend , according to Dennis Lemma , chief deputy with the Seminole County , Florida , Sheriff 's Office . Zimmerman , who was acquitted earlier this year of murdering teenager Trayvon Martin , was arrested after the incident at the home of Samantha Scheibe , Lemma said . He also was charged with two misdemeanors -- domestic violence battery and criminal mischief -- in connection with the same incident , Lemma said . Zimmerman is being held in jail without bail and will make his first appearance in front of a judge Tuesday at 1:30 p.m. ET . Differing 911 calls According to a police report on the incident , Scheibe said that after an argument Zimmerman broke a table with a shotgun then pointed it at her "  for a minute . " Scheibe called 911 at 12:30 E.T. , Lemma said . On a 911 call recording released by police , a woman can be heard telling authorities : "  He 's inside my house breaking all my  things  because I asked him to leave . " The woman then says to someone at the house , "  I 'm doing this again ? You just broke my glass table . You just broke my sunglasses and you put your gun in my freaking face and told me to get the  expletive  out . " A man is heard telling her to calm down , but then she tells the dispatcher that the man just pushed her out of the house and locked the door . On a separate 911 call , a man calls to report that his girlfriend was "  for lack of a better term , going crazy on me " and throwing his things out . The caller says the woman is outside with police . When asked why he is calling , the man says , "  I just want everyone to know the truth . " He says he never pulled a firearm and that it is in a bag , locked . He claims she was the one who broke the table . When deputies arrived at the house , Scheibe gave them a key . When they pushed open the door -- which was blocked by several small pieces of furniture -- they found Zimmerman , who was sitting and unarmed , Lemma said . He was passive and cooperative , Lemma said . The sheriff 's office was seeking a search warrant to look for two guns deputies believed were inside the home , he said . According to the police report , Zimmerman had locked up the guns before police arrived . Recent contact with authorities This is one of several brushes that Zimmerman has had with law enforcement since he was acquitted this year of murder and manslaughter in the 2012 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin . Earlier this month , police in Lake Mary , Florida , said no charges would result from an alleged domestic dispute in September between George Zimmerman and his estranged wife , Shellie Zimmerman . Shellie Zimmerman said in September that she has doubts about his innocence in the Trayvon Martin case . Since his acquittal in the Martin case , Zimmerman also has been stopped for speeding twice . He was pulled over the first time in Forney , Texas , in July and told the police officer he had a concealed weapon permit and a gun in his glove compartment . The officer wrote on his incident report that he gave Zimmerman a verbal warning . Zimmerman was pulled over in early September going 60 mph in a 45-mph zone in Lake Mary and received a $ 256 ticket . He was not carrying a weapon at the time . National headlines Zimmerman fatally shot Martin in the Sanford neighborhood where Zimmerman and Martin 's father lived in February 2012 . Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , had a confrontation with the unarmed African-American teen after calling police to report a suspicious person , and he said he shot Martin , 17 , in self-defense . Zimmerman was acquitted by a six-person jury in July on second-degree murder and manslaughter charges . The high-profile case sparked a heated nationwide discussion of race as well as debate over Florida 's "  stand your ground " law . His attorney in the murder trial , Mark O'Mara , no longer represents him . Zimmerman 's wife has doubts about his innocence	Women tells 911 that man is breaking things with gun because she asked him to leave On another call , man says woman broke things , his gun was locked up George Zimmerman was charged with one felony , two misdemeanors He will appear before a judge on Tuesday afternoon
As the ramifications of a grisly chemical weapons attack loom over a summit of world leaders , some of Syria 's staunchest friends blasted what they call the "  arrogance " of U.S.-led efforts to strike the war-torn nation and said those who do will pay a steep price . Iran 's Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said Thursday the United States -- which , in addition to being one of his country 's chief adversaries , has led the push to punish Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's government over chemical weapons -- has no right to make "  humanitarian claims  given  their track record " in Iraq , Afghanistan and at the military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . The turmoil in the Middle East , Iran 's leader said in remarks reported by state-run Press TV , is a "  reaction of the global arrogance " that is rooted Washington . Should the United States and allies strike Syria , he added , it wo n't be able to "  eliminate  the  resistance . " "  We believe that the Americans are committing a folly and mistake in Syria and will , accordingly , take the blow and definitely suffer , " said Khamenei . He spoke on the same day Hezbollah issued its first official statement since the effort began to strike al-Assad 's forces in the wake of an August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus that , the United States estimates , killed more than 1,400 people , many of them children . Video : Rows of bodies , injured children after attack The group , which is popular in parts of the Arab world yet labeled a terrorist organization by the United States , claimed that any military action against Syria 's government is "  a form of direct and organized terrorism . " "  These threats fail to conceal the true objectives of this strike aimed at mobilizing Israeli  strength  in the region in an attempt to impose the Western colonial grip , " Hezbollah alleged in a statement read by parliamentarian Hassan Fadlallah , as reported by Lebanon 's official National News Agency . The remarks from Hezbollah and Iran are significant , given concerns that international military intervention in Syria could set off a wider war that further destabilizes the region and , thus , the world . Based in Lebanon , Hezbollah is linked to numerous terrorist attacks and is one of Israel 's chief adversaries . So , too , is Iran , which has been at odds with Washington and others for years regarding its nuclear program . Still , U.S. and other leaders continue to press for military action against Syria 's government -- taking their arguments , through Friday , to the G20 summit in St. Petersburg , Russia . Before heading east , U.S. President Barack Obama said that he believes the world has a duty to act , saying a failure to do so would give those with chemical , biological and nuclear weapons carte blanche to use them on anyone . Arguing that "  the international community 's credibility is on the line , " the president said , "  The moral thing to do is to not to stand by and do nothing . " Yet Russia , which repeatedly has used its veto power to block U.N. Security Council efforts targeting al-Assad , has pushed back . They accused Washington and others of being overzealous and bull-headed by ordering strikes without irrefutable proof Syrian leaders are responsible for using chemical weapons , something they do n't publicly believe . Russian President Vladimir Putin even went so far as to accuse U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry of being dishonest as he makes the case to Congress for a strike , including his assertions about the role of an al Qaeda-linked group in Syria . "  He is lying , and  he  knows he is lying , " Putin said at an event Wednesday . "  It 's sad . " British scientists find traces of sarin gas Russia also has challenged assertions that Syrian forces has used chemical weapons , killing rebel fighters and civilians , including in the attack last month on a rebel stronghold near Damascus . Such accusations against al-Assad and his government are hardly new since his government cracked down on protesters in 2011 , setting off what became a civil war that the U.N. estimates has left more than 100,000 people dead , produced over 2 million refugees and displaced another 4 million inside Syria . The violence shows few signs of abating : On Thursday , for instance , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported at least 87 more dead nationwide , among them 14 women and 14 children . How you can help Syrian refugees While the overall bloodshed has drawn rebukes and spurred some support for the opposition , it 's chemical weapons allegations -- involving sarin gas , an extremely volatile and potentially lethal nerve agent -- that provoked the threat of direct international military action . In June , France 's foreign minister said samples in his nation 's possession showed sarin gas had been used several times in Syria . The United States has made such assertions on multiple occasions , including in April when Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel alleged there 's evidence sarin had been used lethally on a small scale . More recently , Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday that blood and hair samples from near the August 21 eastern Damascus attack site "  tested positive for signatures of sarin " gas . What are signatures of sarin gas ? And on Thursday , the British prime minister 's office announced that its military scientists found traces of sarin gas in soil and clothing taken from a patient treated near the site of an alleged chemical weapons attack outside Syria 's capital . Scientists at the Porton Down military laboratory concluded the samples were unlikely to have been faked , and Britain is sharing its findings with the United Nations , the office said . The U.N. was expected to review samples taken by its own inspectors this week . Echoing rebel forces , Washington has insisted that al-Assad 's forces are behind such chemical weapon attacks , claiming only they have access to them and can deploy them on a large scale . Yet Syria has been equally adamant it has done no such thing , instead accusing "  terrorists " -- its blanket term for opposition fighters -- of deploying chemical weapons . Who is to blame , and what the world should do about it , looms large over Thursday and Friday 's G20 gathering of world leaders in St. Petersburg , Russia . G20 : Where geopolitics trump economics The summit 's focus is officially on economic matters , though the deep divisions among its participants on this pressing issue are hard to ignore : the U.S. and French leaders are calling for a military strike against Syria 's government , while Russian leaders are standing by their longtime ally and questioning claims al-Assad 's government is responsible for gassing its own people . How these talks influence the debate , if at all , is itself in question . When asked Thursday while walking alone to dinner if any progress had been made on Syria , U.S. President Barack Obama said , "  No , we talked about the economy . " Fervent debate in U.S. , around the world A sweeping international consensus seems unlikely as long as Russia -- which will host Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem in Moscow on Monday , according to Syria 's official SANA news agency -- and the United States maintain their firm positions Kerry said this week , in Washington , that "  at least 10 countries have pledged to participate " in a military intervention that Obama and French President Francois Hollande have urged . Yet that figure could well change . Britain , normally a dependable U.S. ally in military affairs , has voted against joining any military action . And officials in France -- where polls show one in three people favor strikes -- have said they will wait until the United States decides on a course of action . Read the U.S. Senate draft resolution  . pdf That wo n't come until after Congress weighs in , likely next week , on a measure authorizing strikes focused on degrading Syria 's ability to use chemical weapons . While congressional leaders have backed Obama 's call for action , most legislators are officially undecided so much that what happens is still anyone 's guess . "  It weighs on me , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who added "  it is conclusive " chemical weapons were used . " ... There is no question that what  public reaction  is coming in is overwhelmingly negative . " Yet the president -- arguing that the world can not afford a country to use such weapons against its own people without responding -- has n't promised he 'll abide by the vote in Congress . And Pentagon spokesman George Little said the Syrian government "  should not take solace from the deliberative process that we are undertaking right now . " "  We have time to adjust , if necessary , given conditions on the ground , given what the Syrian regime may or may not do in terms of movements of equipment and so forth , " Little told reporters Thursday . Fast facts : Sarin gas Whatever the United States decides , some world leaders are stumping against military action . In a letter Thursday to Putin in his role as host of the G20 summit , Pope Francis urged a "  peaceful solution through dialogue " and called an armed intervention a "  futile pursuit . " Speaking from St. Petersburg , European Council President Herman Van Rompuy said that while the international community "  can not remain idle " in the face of Syria 's apparent chemical weapons use , "  there is no military solution to the Syrian conflict . " "  Only a political solution can end the terrible bloodshed , grave violations of human rights and the far-reaching destruction of Syria , " he said . "  Too many lives have already been lost and too many people have suffered for too long and lost too much . "	Opposition group reports 87 dead , including 14 women and 14 children Hezbollah calls potential U.S. strikes a form of "  organized terrorism " Obama continues to press for a military action as a "  moral " imperative British scientists detect sarin in the Damascus-area attack , echoing U.S. claims
CNN  -- Months after sexting revelations dashed Anthony Weiner 's hopes of election in New York , a mayor on the other side of the world is battling for political survival following a lurid sex scandal that has electrified the usually sleepy world of local politics . The crisis engulfing Len Brown , the recently re-elected mayor of Auckland , New Zealand 's largest city , involves sex in the mayoral chambers , a former mistress who says she also shared a bed with an adviser to his rival , intrigue as to whether the mayor was victim of a political smear campaign , and a hunt for the sender of a mystery text message that triggered the revelations . The scandal , broken by a blogger and virtually unprecedented in New Zealand politics in its sleaziness , has raised fears it could herald a grubby new era in which the sex lives of politicians , traditionally seen as beyond the purview of the media , become fair game . "  In the past , it was the case that sexuality and what politicians did in their own private lives was deemed to be non-political , and not generally reported upon , " said Bryce Edwards , political scientist at the University of Otago . "  That has definitely changed . I think this story will shift the goalposts more than any other to give the green light to political insiders to think you can air the dirty laundry of politicians . " The scandal has left Brown , a 57-year-old married father-of-three , publicly humiliated , facing a council inquiry as to whether he breached codes of conduct , and weathering mounting calls for him to resign the mayoralty to which he was re-elected only days before the scandal broke . For her part , the former mistress who exposed his infidelity -- Bevan Chuang , who sat on a council advisory panel and was an unsuccessful local board candidate at the recent elections -- says she now regrets her actions in outing the center-left mayor , and has turned on those she claims pressured her into doing so . Neither Brown and Chuang responded to repeated requests from CNN for comment . However , in a post on her Facebook page , the 32 year old fired shots at the blogger who published her account , and at Luigi Wewege , an adviser to Brown 's main rival for the mayoralty , with whom she says she also had an intimate relationship . "  I have been foolish , but I feel used , abused and manipulated by people I thought were friends who have been taking snippets of what I have said to advance their own political agendas and muck-raking , " she wrote . While the Facebook post has been taken down , Chuang expressed similar sentiments in an interview she gave to the New Zealand Herald newspaper . Wewege , for his part , has denied that he was romantically involved with Chuang . "  Nobody 's come out of this with any credit , " said Dick Quax , an Auckland city councilor who is a long-time rival of Brown 's . "  But the person who has come out with the least is the mayor . " The scandal broke Tuesday when right-leaning political blog Whale Oil , run by Cameron Slater , published an anonymous account of a woman who said she had had a two-year affair with the mayor after he had pursued her following a council function . Newspapers followed the story , soon identifying Chuang as the woman in the account , which included salacious claims that the pair had liaisons on council time and council premises , including once being caught in flagrante by a security guard in the town hall . Slater subsequently confirmed that Chuang was the woman in the story . Brown appeared on the television show Campbell Live to confirm he had had an affair , requesting privacy to resolve issues with his family . He said he had no intention to resign , and that the exposure of the affair reflected a "  clear will or determination to try and force a resignation , to try and in effect destroy me . " Pressure mounted further on the mayor after the Herald reported -- and the mayor 's office later confirmed -- that Brown had written a reference that helped secure his lover a job at the city art gallery , a council subsidiary . The council then announced that it was opening an inquiry into the matter to determine whether Brown used council funds in the relationship and whether any aspect of his behavior contravened the council 's code of ethics . Brown had stated in his Campbell Live interview that no inappropriate spending of council funds took place . But the story took a turn after Chuang , having denied her revelations were politically motivated , told the Herald that she had been pressured into speaking to the blogger by Wewege , with whom she said she had had an intimate relationship . Saying her world had begun "  falling apart " after she missed out on a board seat in the elections , she told the newspaper she regretted going public and now wanted to apologize to the mayor . The newspaper published social media exchanges provided by Chuang that appeared to back up her claims of a relationship between her and Wewege , and of his encouragement for her to gather evidence on Brown . CNN was unable to independently confirm the authenticity of those exchanges . Wewege had been an advisor to John Palino , the center-right mayoral candidate who had polled second in the election ; John Slater , father of blogger Cameron , had also been a key adviser to his campaign . Wewege denied to the New Zealand Herald that he had been in a relationship with Chuang , while Palino denied any previous knowledge of a relationship between his staffer and Chuang to the newspaper . Neither Wewege nor Palino responded to CNN 's requests for comment . Speaking to CNN , the blogger Cameron Slater said he was not part of an organized center-right push to smear the mayor , and denied exploiting his source . The story had only come about after he was approached by Wewege and Chuang with texts that they said would embarrass the mayor . He said Chuang initially had cold feet about going through with the article , but decided to proceed after receiving a text message from an anonymous number , warning her not to proceed . The identity of the sender is now a key question at the heart of the affair . "  Whoever sent that text message brought the whole thing to a head , " he said . Slater said he had chosen to proceed with the story as the issues of ethics , integrity and potential abuse of power it raised made it a "  clear public interest issue . " "  It 's not about presenting the lurid details of an affair , " he said . "  You 've got the second most powerful politician in NZ ... controlling the largest city , billions of dollars in ratepayers ' money and answerable to no one except the public . " He was happy if blogging about the private lives of politicians helped bring about greater integrity , he said . "  In the UK these things are reported as a matter of course . It happens in Australia and the U.S. as well -- look at the Weiner case . New Zealand for too long has sat in a cozy arrangement because the politicians and the media are too close . There has been a mutually assured destruction mentality that does n't provide well for democracy . " He believed the traditional media would have broken the story too if it had the scoop . "  Everyone 's being sanctimonious and pointing the finger at this nasty blogger who has breached all these protocols . Well you know what ? Those protocols do n't actually exist . There 's no rules , " he said . "  The evidence they would have done it , is that the next day the largest daily in the country splashed five pages on this scandal . " Academic Bryce Edwards said it was hard to assess whether the story was a case of legitimate "  public interest or just something the public have an interest in . " "  It 's pretty hard to see which category it falls into . At the start it did seem more prurient , but each revelation seems to shift the story more into the political sphere . " Local politics was traditionally viewed as low-stakes and boring , but the 2010 amalgamation of Auckland 's seven existing city and district councils into one "  super city " had given the new "  super mayor " unprecedented powers that made him a more attractive scalp for his enemies . With unscientific polls in New Zealand media roughly split between those who believed the mayor should stay and those who said he should go , it was hard to call what the politician 's fate would be . "  At this stage it 's looking more likely than not that he 's going to have to do something -- either resign or put himself up for re-election , " he said .	Observers fear a sex scandal in New Zealand local politics could usher in a new era of sleaze Auckland 's newly re-elected mayor Len Brown has been outed for a two-year affair His former mistress , 25 years his junior , says she now wants to apologize She claims to have been manipulated by another lover who worked for Brown 's rival
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Thousands of people filled Hong Kong 's Victoria Park on Saturday to mark the 22nd anniversary of the bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters in Tiananmen Square . The candlelight vigil comes after recent efforts by the Chinese government to quash would-be demonstrators from holding anti-government protests . About 26 people were arrested between February and March , according to a Hong Kong-based human rights group , when an anonymous group began an internet campaign calling for anti-government protests in China similar to ones that have taken hold in the Middle East . In response to the campaign , authorities deployed heavy security along major thoroughfares , especially in Wangfujing , a busy shopping street in downtown Beijing that had been designated by the online group for protests . The government also tightened rules on foreign reporters , explicitly warning them that they risk detention , suspension of press cards and expulsion if they show up at planned demonstrations . 20 years on : Tiananmen remembered Saturday 's protest is an annual event organized by the Hong Kong Alliance , a pro-democracy group . Hong Kong police called it a "  peaceful gathering . " Images of the demonstration showed a sea of flickering candles covering the length of the park . A little more than 22 years ago , students gathered in Tiananmen Square to memorialize the recently deceased Hu Yaobang . He was fired as Communist Party chief in 1987 by Deng Xiaoping for pushing policies deemed too soft toward "  bourgeois-liberal ideas " and tolerating student protests . The April 15 memorial quickly turned into a pro-democracy movement , and students held talks with the government and later a hunger strike in Tiananmen Square to press their cause . On June 4 , 1989 , Chinese troops in armored personnel carriers and tanks rumbled toward Tiananmen Square . The soldiers , on strict orders to clear the square of demonstrators , had forced their way through the city 's main thoroughfare . Along the way , they met fierce resistance from students and city residents who barricaded the streets , so they fired at them . When the firing stopped , hundreds if not thousands of people lay maimed or dead . Relatives of victims renew their hopes every year that Beijing 's leaders will reverse the verdict that the protests were a counter-revolutionary rebellion that had to be put down . CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Protesters converge on Hong Kong 's Victoria Park for a candlelight vigil It is the 22nd anniversary of the bloody crackdown on pro-democracy protesters The vigil is held after recent efforts to quash anti-government demonstrations
CNN  -- The small town of Steubenville became a household name for the wrong reasons , thanks to social media , but when two teenage boys were arrested there , accused of raping a 16-year-old girl , very few people in the Rust Belt town in Ohio were eager to talk . And someone may have tried to cover up for them . An Ohio school official was jailed Monday without bond after being indicted in connection with the case , the Ohio Attorney General 's Office said . William Rhinaman , 53 , director of technology at Steubenville High School , faces four counts : tampering with evidence , obstructing justice , obstructing official business and perjury in connection with the case , Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said . Rhinaman was arrested Monday . If convicted , he could face four years behind bars , more time than the two convicted boys will serve . Details of the indictment , including what kind of evidence was allegedly tampered with , were not immediately available . "  This is the first indictment in an ongoing grand jury investigation , " DeWine said in a prepared statement . "  Our goal remains to uncover the truth , and our investigation continues . " Convicted teen classified as sex offender Rape convictions Authorities said star Steubenville High School football players Ma ` lik Richmond and Trenton Mays , who were respectively 16 and 17 at the time , raped the girl during a series of end-of-summer parties in August 2012 . Photos and videos of the victim , sent out with lurid text messages , hit social media and attracted the attention of bloggers , who questioned everything from the behavior of the football team to the integrity of the investigation . Richmond and Mays were convicted of rape in March after a trial that divided their football-crazed town of less than 20,000 souls . Mays also was found guilty of disseminating a nude photo of a minor . At the heart of the case was the question of whether the victim , who testified that she remembered little , was too drunk to understand what was happening to her and too drunk to consent . Richmond was sentenced to a minimum of one year in a juvenile correctional facility . Mays got two years . Opinion : Steubenville case shows how the rules have changed Silent town After the two teenagers were convicted , DeWine revealed that 16 people had refused to talk to investigators . A grand jury would determine whether other crimes had been committed . Rhinaman will be arraigned in Steubenville at the Jefferson County Court House on Wednesday , attorney general 's office spokesman Dan Tierney said . Court-appointed counsel will represent him . "  I am aware of the situation , and I will get you a press release on Tuesday , " Mike McVey , superintendent for Steubenville City Schools , said in an e-mail response . Despite rape case , coach gets contract extension Bob Fitzsimmons , the family attorney representing the 16-year-old victim who was raped , told CNN that the grand jury 's first indictment is a significant first step . "  I think it 's important that this shows some fruits from the investigative grand jury and also considers the importance of those responsible for reporting and/or preserving evidence after a crime is committed involving a child , in this case a girl 16 years of age , " Fitzsimmons said . CNN was unable to reach Rhinaman 's attorney for comment Monday . Opinion : why did n't other girls help ? CNN 's Poppy Harlow , Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Social media made Steubenville , Ohio , a household name for the wrong reasons When two boys were arrested there for rape , few in the small town wanted to talk about it A school official is accused of covering up for them Photos and videos that were made of the drunken victim enraged bloggers
CNN  -- It hardly seems fair . After a grueling campaign , Barack Obama will have virtually no time to celebrate his re-election . Enormous challenges await . For the victor and his party , there are many signs this may someday be seen as the "  be careful what you wish for " election . Some of those challenges are well known and frequently discussed . Within days if not hours , the president will have to turn his attention to assembling and finalizing the team that will be at his side for the next four years . In addition , the fiscal cliff looms , as do critical decisions about whether -- and how -- to extend the Bush tax cuts . Share your reactions to the election outcome Beyond these most apparent immediate challenges there are a host of other conundrums that will bedevil Tuesday 's winner for months if not years to come . How can the United States create jobs more quickly ? How can Iran be stopped from gaining nuclear weapons ? How can we contain the threat of spreading unrest in the Middle East ? How can we get China to play by the rules of fair trade ? Can we do something to help prevent an EU meltdown from taking place and hammering the still fragile U.S. economy ? What about immigration reform ? Fill in your favorite pressing issue here : education reform , reducing the budget deficit , addressing flaws in the health care system , speeding up approvals of big new energy projects . There is an agenda for everyone and an army of special interest lobbyists in Washington raring to get back to work . Opinion : Five things Obama must do But these issues , formidable and contentious as they are , are really just the tip of the iceberg . Beneath the surface there are far greater questions that many in Washington will be less inclined to address , or even give any attention at all . But it is really these more profound challenges and how we adapt to them that will ultimately determine how the next administration is judged and indeed , how we are judged as a generation . At the core , the deeper challenges have to do with what must change in order for America to keep growing and leading as we have for generations . The problems we must fix are deep , complex and interrelated . We are not able to grow our economy as we have in the past . That does not just mean we are unable to provide the jobs that perhaps as many as 25 million Americans want but can not get . It also means that the wages those jobs pay are not rising fast enough , that we are not training workers for the jobs that may be available , and that across our society inequality is growing as never before in our history . Opinion : Obama 's victory wo n't transform America In our cities , roughly half of minority students never finish high school and thus are consigned to lives of deprivation and frustration . At the other end of the spectrum , and regardless of your political affiliation , you must acknowledge the social risks created when the top 1 % benefit so disproportionately to the rest of a population . From 1979 to 2007 , the income of the top 1 % grew more than four times faster than any other group . Despite what you may have heard during the political campaign , however , these are not problems that necessarily can be solved by invoking the political formulas of the past â $ " cutting taxes or increasing social programs . The world has changed . America will never get back the manufacturing jobs that once were the bedrock of our middle class . It is not just that some have been outsourced overseas . Most have been outsourced to the past . Automation and enhanced productivity are making it possible for companies to do much more with fewer people . Opportunities exist for us to create better jobs if we retool for a new era in which we can use our better schools , tradition of innovation , intellectual property protection and cheap domestic energy sources to give us a competitive edge in new industries . But to do so we need to embrace new models , invest in new infrastructure , welcome foreign investment , simplify regulations and tax codes , and fight America 's most dangerous special interest group : the anti-change lobby . But we find ourselves unable to make many of these changes not just because they are big and difficult and not well understood but also because our political system is broken . Look at this most recent campaign season . Six billion dollars spent , vastly more than any other nation in the world spends on political campaigns . But our voter turnout , if this election followed the pattern of recent ones , lagged the standards set by much of the rest of the world . News : Hot-button ballot initiatives Much of the money came from shadowy contributions through super PACs and big checks from fat cat "  bundlers , " giving influence to the few . Further , for all that , not much was expected to change in terms of the composition of Democrats and Republicans on Capitol Hill , which is just as our political leaders want it . They have built a system that is good at gridlock , name-calling and blame-gaming and not much else . It is thick with such strategies as gerrymandering districts , fostering extra-constitutional rules on filibustering and using senatorial prerogatives to hold up presidential nominations A country facing great challenges that has a system resistant to the changes we need is at a dangerous crossroads , one that could determine its future place in the world . Interestingly , tellingly , we are not the only great nation to face such a choice this week . China , too , the world 's second largest economy and most populous country , faces a once-in-a-decade leadership change . While its system is very different , it , too , is designed to allow the few to hold on to power and to resist change . And while our two countries face very different challenges , China also needs its new leaders to confront deeper issues and embrace more sweeping political and economic transformations . World worries as U.S. fiscal cliff looms Ironically , as I have traveled across Asia during the past several weeks , many leaders I have spoken to have worried aloud that it is the nation that is best known for openness and for periodic reinvention of itself that has less of a chance of embracing the big changes it needs than the one known for being closed and repressive . While I do n't believe that must be so , it puts the central challenge facing President Obama into perspective . The stakes have never been higher . To meet that challenge our president will have to lead only as great presidents have : confronting his own party as well as the opposition , but most importantly , confronting conventional wisdom and old models and demanding the rarest of all the things Washington produces : real creativity . This is the time not just for change we can believe in . This is the time for change we can actually see . If not , it could well be that the other leadership change taking place this week , the one taking place on the other side of the world , may be seen as more consequential than that which took place in the United States on Tuesday . Analysis : Obama won with a better ground game The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : Winner of the presidential race facing urgent crises He says the winner has to pick his team for next four years , deal with fiscal cliff But the biggest challenge facing White House is the economy and inequality , Rothkopf says Rothkopf : America 's challenges can be overcome , but not if partisan gridlock gets in the way
CNN Student News  -- June 2 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Gaza • Denver , Colorado Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : It 's Wednesday , I 'm Carl Azuz , this is CNN Student News , bringing you 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines from around the globe . In fact , our first story is about a global response . First Up : Flotilla Response AZUZ : This international reaction is aimed at Israel , and it is not positive . Protesters around the world speaking out against Israel . The United Nations Security Council criticizing the violence . Turkey calling it a massacre . Even the U.S. , one of Israel 's closest allies , says it 's open to an investigation . All of this is in response to Monday , when Israeli troops stormed a group of ships bringing aid to Gaza . Israel set up a blockade to control what goods are allowed into Gaza . This group of ships tried to break that blockade . Some of the activists who were taken into custody during the incident have been released , and Israel says the aid that was on board the ships has been delivered into Gaza . The anger is over what happened on those ships , and the two sides tell very different stories . DANNY AYALON , ISRAELI DEPUTY FOREIGN MINISTER : They have a history of arms smuggling and deadly terror . On board the ship , we found weapons prepared in advance and used against our forces . The organizers ' intent was violent , their method was violent , and the results were unfortunately violent . AUDREY BOMSE , FREE GAZA MOVEMENT LEGAL ADVISER : There could not have been guns on board , and besides , there is no evidence of it . There is a live streaming from the Turkish boat . You see Israeli soldiers jumping out of helicopters onto the boat shooting . There is no crossfire . Had there been crossfire at close range , some Israeli soldier would have been shot . Security Headlines AZUZ : We 're checking out a couple security headlines now , starting with what could be a serious blow to the al Qaeda terrorist group . It reportedly announced the death of Mustafa Abu Yazid yesterday . He was the number three man in al Qaeda and the commander of its operations in Afghanistan . Yazid was also responsible for maintaining al Qaeda 's relationships with other terrorist groups , like the Taliban . One group of experts says his death is one of the most significant blows against al Qaeda recently . But it also pointed out that the terrorist organization plans for these kinds of losses . In the United States , Major Nidal Hasan , whom you see here , made his first court appearance in connection with last November 's attack at Fort Hood , Texas . Hasan , who is a U.S. Army psychiatrist , is accused of killing 13 people in a shooting spree.Yesterday 's hearing was the military version of a grand jury . Hasan answered questions that were asked by the judge , and his lawyers asked for an extension so they can gather evidence for the case . The judge agreed to that request . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The U.S. sees more tornadoes per year than any other country . True ! The U.S. has an average of about 1,000 tornadoes a year . Canada is second with around 100 . Colorado Tornado AZUZ : Around 25 percent of those tornadoes form in an area that 's called Tornado Alley . Colorado is part of that , and it 's where this tornado showed up on Monday . These pictures are amazing ; look at this . Twisters like this one can sometimes do a lot of damage . But early reports indicated no injuries or major problems with this one , just a lot of power lines knocked down . Tornado Alley sees a lot of twisters pop up in the spring . But forecasters point out that these storms can happen anywhere , at any time . Dealing with the Spill AZUZ : Attorney General Eric Holder says he 's launching a criminal investigation into the Gulf of Mexico oil spill . And down in the Gulf , there 's more bad news for the fishing industry . Officials have closed off more waters to fishing . Nearly a third of the Gulf now is off limits . Meanwhile , BP is starting the "  cut and cap " plan . We told you about this yesterday . They 're going to cut part of the leaking oil well and then put a cap on it . Hence , cut and cap . Making the cut , though , could increase the flow of oil spilling into the Gulf by up to 20 percent . Now , you 've heard a lot from Rob Marciano since this oil leak started . He 's one of our reporters covering the story from down on the Gulf Coast . Today , he explains how hurricane season could impact the oily situation . BEGIN VIDEO ROB MARCIANO , CNN METEOROLOGIST : Almost five years later , signs of Hurricane Katrina are still evident in Plaquemines Parish , Louisiana . And this year 's NOAA hurricane forecast calls for up to 23 named storms . Oil from the BP spill is already in the barrier wetlands here . BILL NUNGESSER , PRESIDENT , PLAQUEMINES PARISH : I 'm scared to death . You saw Pass a Loutre . You saw the pelicans . Imagine a storm rolling that oil up and bringing it in here and laying it down . MARCIANO : That 's just the kind of unimaginable devastation that Dauphin Island , Alabama is trying to avoid . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : What you see here is the tide is down right now . So , the water is below the basket . MARCIANO : The Alabama National Guard is erecting a four-and-a-half mile barrier to keep the oil from impacting protected wildlife here . The baskets are filled with a polymer powder which can turn the wet oil into a solid , making it easier to collect by hand . But what happens to these oil barriers if a major hurricane hits ? DAN KOONTZ , CI AGENT SOLUTIONS : They 'll be gone just like everything else around here too . That category five will take out the houses and take out every building and structure on this island , probably . MARCIANO : We 're out on part of the thick oil here in the Gulf of Mexico . What does the oil do for hurricanes ? Well , it would have a hard time developing right over the oil , because the oil actually suppresses evaporation . But that 's actually one of the ways that the water actually cools . So , between the lack of evaporation and the darkness of that oil , actually heats up the Gulf . This is going to actually feed it , if anything , and bring it onshore and everything with it , including this big mess . END VIDEO Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to the students at Wordsworth Academy in Pennsylvania ! When would you wear a mortar board ? Is it while : A  Judging , B  Graduating , C  Welding or D  Scuba diving ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! A mortar board is an academic cap , so you 'd wear it while graduating . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Defying Odds AZUZ : And that 's what you seniors all across the U.S. are doing right now , putting on your mortar boards and graduation gowns as you get your diplomas . Finishing high school , as you know , does n't automatically mean going on to college ... unless you go to Arrupe Jesuit High in Denver , Colorado . Nelson Garcia of affiliate KUSA fills us in on the school 's graduation streak . BEGIN VIDEO NELSON GARCIA , KUSA REPORTER : The sounds are the same , and so are the excited faces . But the graduation here at Arrupe Jesuit High School is like no other . This is the fourth year in a row every single senior is going to college . REVEREND STEVEN PLANNING , ARRUPE JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL PRESIDENT : Sixty percent of you all are the first in your families to graduate high school . JOSE MADRID , ARRUPE JESUIT HIGH SCHOOL 2010 VALEDICTORIAN : And it changes the history of our family , and it creates a whole different way of seeing the future . GARCIA : Jose Madrid . MADRID : Good morning , ladies and gentlemen . GARCIA : He is valedictorian and one of 54 students who spent one day a week working in a corporation , earning money to pay for Arrupe while getting business experience . School founder Father Steve Planning says that this is at the heart of Arrupe 's success . PLANNING : They get to see , feel and touch the future that we want them to have . GARCIA : Though Arrupe services low-income neighborhoods , with obstacles that challenge every inner city school ... PLANNING : The 54 of you have earned together a combined total of more than $ 3.85 million in merit-based scholarships . GARCIA : That averages to more than $ 70,000 in scholarship money per student . MADRID : There was no opportunity for me to fail because so many people believed in me that I had to believe in myself . PLANNING : Abeline Angeles , Colorado State University . GARCIA : The sounds may be the same ... PLANNING : Jose Eduardo Madrid , Georgetown University . GARCIA : ... But this graduation is like no other . It 's the last ceremony for Father Planning . He 's leaving . PLANNING : It 's always sad to leave anywhere , but it 's particularly sad to leave a place that you were involved in the start up of , so it 's gon na be sad to say goodbye . GARCIA : Leaving behind a thriving program which continues to make a difference in northwest Denver . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : The school year is just about finished for us , too . Just two more shows to go . But there are lots of ways to stay in touch with us over the summer . You can always check out what you see right here : that 's CNNStudentNews.com . We 'll be posting new blogs there over the summer . Or you can head to our Facebook page : Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , there are some things you just have to see to believe . This one , we 're still not sure . This YouTube video shows a bear at a zoo in Japan . He 's obviously got some smooth moves . But right here , watch this . He flips it up , waits for it to drop back down , he caught it and he keeps on going . Now , we had a reporter check into this , and experts say it 's possible with enough training . Goodbye AZUZ : But you do have to paws and really think it over . I mean , do we believe it 's real ? Bearly . Either way , it 's food fur thought . You guys have a great day . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Investigate varying perspectives about an Israeli raid on an aid flotilla Envision how a Gulf hurricane could significantly worsen an oily disaster Take a seat at a school that 's sending every one of its seniors to college Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Five people were shot -- four fatally -- at a Seattle , Washington , home Thursday , according to police . Assistant Police Chief Jim Pugel told CNN that a relative of some of the victims who was not in the house believed that a 59-year-old woman , who was the mother of some of the victims , committed the shooting . He told CNN affiliate KOMO TV that the shooter was an Asian female , and that the three other victims are believed to be family members or relatives . Pugel also confirmed for CNN that the dead include two females believed to be in their late teens , a male believed to be in his 30s and the woman believed to be the shooter . There was one survivor , according to Pugel , a woman believed to be in her 30s . Pugel told CNN affiliate KIRO TV that she was undergoing treatment at Harborview Medical Center . She reportedly told emergency responders "  my mom has gone crazy , " Pugel said . KIRO TV said the shooting was reported about 1:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  in the Highland Park neighborhood of west Seattle . Pugel told KOMO that multiple units responded to the emergency call . He said the responders could hear shots being fired as they arrived . A man who was later determined to be a relative broke through the police line , according to Pugel , and got into the house . Pugel said it was possible that he was the suspect 's husband . After he ran into the house , two more shots were fired , Pugel said , adding that the man ran back outside and claimed the woman had shot herself . Pugel also told KOMO that a language barrier was hampering the investigation . He said they had specialists in Asian languages on the scene to assist . Pugel told KOMO that two handguns were found on the scene . In footage obtained from KIRO , members of the Seattle Police Gang Unit could be seen , along with officers from the King County Sheriff 's office . They were sealing off the crime scene as helicopters whirred overhead . KIRO also spoke with a neighbor who heard some of the gunshots . Bobby Miller told KIRO that he ran outside when the gunfire rang out , and saw "  all hell breaking loose . " CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report	Five people are shot at home in west Seattle Four people are dead , including a woman believed to be the shooter The survivor reportedly told responders "  my mom has gone crazy "
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A train collision in northern India killed at least 13 people early Wednesday . Indian Railway Protection Force personnel look at a damaged carriage after the collision Wednesday . The death toll remained uncertain . Railway officials said 13 people were killed and 15 injured in the crash . But the top administrative official of Mathura , where the collision occurred , put the number of dead at 21 , with about as many injured . The Goa Express slammed into the stationary Mewar Express apparently because the driver overshot a signal to stop , said Anant Swaroop , spokesman for India 's northern railway . Indian Railway Minister Mamata Banerjee ordered an inquiry into the crash , according to CNN 's sister station in India , CNN-IBN . The Goa Express , bound for New Delhi from the western coastal state of Goa , was running on the same track as the Mewar , which shuttles between New Delhi and Udaipur , in western Rajasthan state . Both trains have stops in Mathura , about 90 miles south of New Delhi . Rescuers had to cut trapped passengers from a wrecked car of the Mewar Express . The car had a special compartment for women , disabled passengers , cargo and train guards , said Aditya Verma , a senior police official in Mathura . Bannerjee said victims ' relatives would receive compensation of about $ 10,000 , according to CNN-IBN . Several other trains that go through the Mathura station had to be diverted . Trains are the most widely used mode of transportation for national travel in India . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh in New Delhi contributed to this report .	NEW : Railway officials say 13 people killed , 15 injured after trains collided NEW : Mathura official , where the collision occurred , put the number of dead at 21 Goa Express , apparently on the same track , hit Mewar about 5:30 a.m. Railway spokesman : Trains collided apparently because driver overshot stop signal
CNN  -- A national poll of people who watched the vice presidential debate Thursday night suggests that Democratic Sen. Joe Biden won , but also says Republican Gov. Sarah Palin exceeded expectations . Poll respondents give Sen. Joe Biden the edge over Gov. Sarah Palin in ability to express views . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. said 51 percent of those polled thought Biden did the best job , while 36 percent thought Palin did the best job . But respondents said the folksy Palin was more likable , scoring 54 percent to Biden 's 36 percent . Seventy percent said Biden was more of a typical politician . Both candidates exceeded expectations -- 84 percent of the people polled said Palin did a better job than they expected , while 64 percent said Biden also exceeded expectations . How Palin would perform had been a major issue for the Alaska governor , who had some well-publicized fumbles during interviews with CBS ' Katie Couric leading up to the debate . Respondents thought Biden was better at expressing his views , giving him 52 percent to Palin 's 36 percent.iReport.com : Tell us who you think did best On the question of the candidates ' qualifications to assume the presidency , 87 percent of those polled said Biden is qualified and 42 percent said Palin is qualified . The candidates sparred over which team would be the better agent of change , and Biden came out on top of that debate , with 53 percent of those polled giving the nod to the Delaware senator while 42 percent said Palin was more likely to bring change . Respondents overwhelmingly said moderator Gwen Ifill was fair during the vice presidential debate , repudiating critics who said that Ifill , of PBS , would be biased because she is writing a book that includes Biden 's running mate , Sen. Barack Obama . Ninety-five percent of those polled said Ifill was fair . The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points . Obama was selected as a winner over Republican Sen. John McCain in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll on the September 26 presidential debate .	51 percent say Democratic Sen. Joe Biden wins vice presidential debate Republican Gov. Sarah Palin exceeds expectations , 84 percent say Palin beats Biden on likability , 54-36 87 percent say Biden is qualified for job , 42 percent say Palin is
NEW YORK  CNN  -- New York 's iconic Plaza Hotel will lose a figure nearly as synonymous with it as Eloise when its longest-serving doorman retires Thursday after 46 years on the job . Ed Trinka , whose retirement coincides with his 65th birthday , joined the hotel 1963 . Ed Trinka , whose retirement coincides with his 65th birthday , joined the hotel 's staff in 1963 as a teenager . He spent 40 years at the fabled lodging 's Fifth Avenue entrance , relocating to its doorway facing Central Park South during the property 's renovation and partial conversion to condominiums several years ago . Now as much a Central Park South fixture as the horse-drawn carriages that line the park 's southern perimeter , the gregarious Trinka is known as the "  mayor of 59th Street . " On a recent afternoon , he seemed to know every other passerby , exchanging a constant stream of hellos with chauffeurs and doormen from adjacent tony apartment buildings and , of course , the Plaza 's residents . Over his more than four decades manning the Plaza 's entrance , Trinka has met countless celebrities -- or "  all of them , " as he puts it . After his first celebrity encounter at the hotel with the Beatles , he 's catered to a long procession of big names , including Joe DiMaggio , Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis and Liza Minnelli . Marla Maples , ex-wife of one-time Plaza owner Donald Trump , would regularly peck Trinka on the cheek when she saw him . Trinka says he has an autographed photo of Richard Nixon -- a token of gratitude from the former president -- hanging on proud display at his home . Trinka says he has thoroughly enjoyed his lengthy stay at the portal to history and glamour . "  I never had a bad day in all the years . " Nonetheless , with all those years at the hotel under his belt , Trinka felt it was time to "  bow out gracefully . " As he transitions to retirement , Trinka says he 'll miss the front-row view of Central Park and the hotel 's clientele -- the "  greatest people in the world . " He also concedes he 'll miss "  the women . " The building 's inhabitants are not eager for his departure . "  He 's a gentleman , refined -- you do n't find these people anymore , " lamented resident Joan Spain . Trinka 's replacement , Jimmy O'Connell , is keenly aware of the large shoes he 'll have to fill , saying he 'd be satisfied if he "  could be half the doorman " Trinka is . The hotel will bid farewell to Trinka in characteristically grand fashion on Thursday afternoon . After a champagne send-off in the hotel 's landmarked Oak Room , its management will present him with an opportunity to view the Plaza from the vantage point of the countless guests he 's greeted over the years : He 'll be given a free stay at the hotel . In addition to a trove of anecdotes about celebrities , Trinka acquired something else during his tenure at the Plaza : a new name . Years ago , the hotel gave him a nametag that mistakenly read Edward , even though his full name is Edwin . He came to embrace the errant nametag , neglecting to correct people when they called him Edward and even naming his own son Edward .	Ed Trinka , who joined the hotel in 1963 , turns 65 and retires after 46 years on the job The gregarious Trinka is known as the "  mayor of 59th Street " Doorman gets a free stay at the hotel as part of his retirement gift
ANCHORAGE , Alaska  CNN  -- Sarah Palin 's not a quitter , she wants the public to know . Sarah Palin 's attorney said there is no legal reason that compelled her to resign as governor . "  I am not a quitter . I am a fighter , " Palin told CNN on Monday while on a family fishing trip , on the heels of her Friday bombshell announcement that she was resigning as Alaska 's governor . Palin did her interview standing on the shores of Dillingham , Alaska , wearing waders . She granted 10-minute interviews to CNN and three other news networks Monday . She resigned because of the tremendous pressure , time and financial burden of a litany of ethics complaints in the past several months , she said . The complaints were without merit and took away from the job she wanted to do for Alaskans , Palin said . The decision to resign a year and a half before her term ends , and her rambling , often-disjointed resignation speech Friday , fueled days of debate among political analysts . Watch Palin explain her decision " Speculation has run rampant that Palin , the Republican vice presidential candidate in 2008 , will seek the presidency in 2012 . When pressed about her future , Palin would say only that she would work in public service . She did not rule out a run for the White House or any other political office . Palin is to leave the governor 's office in late July . The days since her resignation had been exhilarating and she loved being in Dillingham , a town of only a few thousand people and no cell phone service , Palin said . On Monday , her personal lawyer also spoke about her resignation . No legal "  bombshell " or personal scandal lies behind Palin 's resignation , but off-color jokes by talk-show host David Letterman contributed to her decision to step down , Thomas Van Flein said . The governor needed a break after being "  on duty now for two and a half years solid , " he said . "  There is no bombshell . There is no shoe to drop . There are no investigations of any type that I 'm aware of -- no IRS audit , no federal investigation , no state investigation , " Van Flein told CNN . "  There is no legal reason in terms of a legal problem that compelled the governor to resign . " Friday was "  deliberately chosen " for the announcement because of its proximity to the July Fourth holiday , Van Flein said : "  She declared her independence from politics as usual . " Palin reiterated that statement in her interview . Rep. Les Gara , an Anchorage Democrat and a frequent Palin critic , said everyone was "  wildly surprised " by Palin 's announcement . "  A lot of us were pretty disappointed in the concept that she ca n't finish out a governor 's term , " Gara said . Palin 's resignation speech was "  kind of similar to everything that has gone wrong since the governor has gotten back from her vice presidential campaign , " Gara said . "  When she came into office , everything was about openness and transparency , and now everything 's about excuses , " he said . But Rep. Jay Ramras , a Fairbanks Republican who leads the state House Judiciary Committee , said when it comes to public opinion , "  The concrete has n't set up yet . " "  Those that seem to have responsibilities to manage businesses that manage people seem to be much less tolerant of what she did , " Ramras said after attending Independence Day events over the weekend . Those people consider her "  a quitter , " he said . "  And then there 's another group , where Gov. Palin has been successful in being able to imply -- and certainly these people have inferred -- that she was a victim . " The 45-year-old governor had faced intense scrutiny since Sen. John McCain picked her out of relative obscurity to be his running mate last year . Though her acceptance speech drew rave reviews , her subsequent shaky performance in network news interviews , the drama surrounding her 18-year-old daughter 's pregnancy and two ethics probes into her earlier firing of the state 's public safety director dogged her throughout the rest of the campaign . "  In my opinion , she was the national campaign for Republicans last fall , " Van Flein said . "  I know John McCain was the candidate , but the decision was really about Sarah Palin and could she take on Obama . That was a lot of weight on her shoulders to carry that campaign , and they almost pulled it off . " As Election Day neared with McCain trailing in the polls , campaign aides began sniping at Palin as a "  diva " who ignored top advisers and lacked "  fundamental understanding " of key issues in the race . The McCain-Palin ticket ultimately lost to Democrats Barack Obama and Joe Biden last November . Van Flein also said Palin would remain involved in public service , with no other decisions made at this point . But Gara said it was clear to him that Palin has her eye on another bid for national office . Watch reaction to Palin 's decision " "  We can all guess , " he said . "  My guess is the governor wants to be president , and that 's what she should have said at her press conference . " Palin thought she would stop being a "  lightning rod " once she returned to Alaska , but "  it never really did simmer down , " Van Flein said . Ethics complaints from critics led to her paying back taxes on state per diem funds she received while living at her home in Wasilla , outside Anchorage ; another investigation led to her paying about $ 8,100 in travel expenses for her children . Van Flein said the state 's ethics process , which Palin signed into law , has been "  abused " to harass her and may lead Alaskans to ignore more serious allegations . And he said Letterman 's early June joke about one of her daughters being "  knocked up " by New York Yankees outfielder Alex Rodriguez "  demonstrated to her that there 's some sort of disconnect here . " "  When people do n't accept normal bounds of decency making jokes like that about children , maybe this is not good for the state right now , " Van Flein said . "  And maybe somebody else who is not the subject , and whose family is not the subject of this scrutiny , can move the state forward . " Letterman said the joke was aimed at Palin 's older daughter , Bristol , who had a son with her high-school boyfriend in December . However , Palin was in New York traveling with her 14-year-old daughter Willow at the time , and she accused Letterman of making jokes about sex with an underage girl . The CBS "  Late Show " host ultimately apologized , saying "  If you have to explain the joke , it 's not a very good joke . " Despite leaving office about two-thirds of the way through her term , Palin "  is not a quitter , " Van Flein said . He added that she "  already accomplished her major goals , " including winning legislative approval for a massive natural gas pipeline . But Ramras , who calls himself "  a pro-development , conservative Republican , " called that assertion "  crazy . " Though the pipeline project won approval in the state Legislature , Alaska has yet to establish a "  durable and predictable " financial structure that will get producers to commit to the plan . "  Anyone who thinks we 've started anything is delusional . ... What she did was she created a Gordian knot and then handed it off to someone else , " he said . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Alaska lawmaker says "  now everything 's about excuses " Lawyer : David Letterman 's jokes contributed to her decision to step down No IRS audit , no federal investigation , no state investigation , lawyer says Lawyer : Palin timed announcement to declare "  independence from politics as usual "
CNN  -- Villagers and police clashed outside a small town in southeastern China on Saturday , one week to the day after a popular local leader there died under contested circumstances , an eyewitness said . The eyewitness , who asked not to be identified because of safety concerns , said villagers threw rocks at police at a major intersection on a road between the towns of Hongqiao and Puqi , outside of the city of Wenzhou . Authorities chased protesters , the eyewitness said . They beat some and arrested others , the person said . CNN was not immediately able to independently verify the account of the protest . The incident was not reported in China 's official state media , and the Chinese government had not released an official statement on the clash as of late Saturday . The eyewitness sent CNN amateur video of the event , which showed police and groups of villagers clustered around a busy intersection . At one point , what looks to be a rock is thrown into the crowd . People scurry away . Earlier , activists and journalists in the area had announced on Twitter that local villagers were planning a protest march in response to Qian Yunhui 's death and its aftermath . The march was scheduled to begin at 9 a.m. Saturday in the town of Hongqiao . At 9 a.m. , anti-riot and traffic police appeared at major intersections in the area to prevent the protest , the eyewitness said . Blocked by police , the crowd began to head away from the town and toward the village of Zhaiqiao , the hometown of Qian , said the eyewitness . Zhaiqiao is located in Yueqing city . Qian was killed in Yueqing city on December 25 , and photos of his corpse underneath the wheel of a large truck went viral in the Chinese blogosphere . The photograph was unmistakably graphic : a lifeless man under the large tire of a truck -- his eyes shut , mouth half-open with blood streaming out and his head detached from his crushed body . The circumstances surrounding the death of 53-year-old Qian last Saturday , however , almost resemble the plot of Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa 's classic "  Rashomon " -- with differing versions of the event and flip-flopping witnesses . The government initially said Qian died in an ordinary traffic accident and detained the truck driver . But as shocking images from the scene in Yueqing city began to appear on a popular Chinese online forum last Sunday , some posts suggested he was murdered by local officials for advocating villagers ' rights in a land dispute . Word quickly spread online and mainstream Chinese news media picked up the story . Many people were appalled by the gruesome details described by two people who claimed to have witnessed the death . Qian was held down to the ground by three masked men as a heavy truck slowly drove over his neck , the Southern Daily newspaper quoted one of them as saying , adding that police had detained another witness . Qian 's life story also struck a chord with the public . When the Yueqing government in 2004 approved the construction of a power plant in Qian 's village , the farmers were tricked into signing their land away for free , according to a report in the 21st Century Economic Herald newspaper . Qian , then the village chief , led his fellow villagers in protesting the land grab and demanding proper compensation . He was arrested and sentenced to prison twice but continued the fight after his release -- even traveling to Beijing to petition the central government , the Herald report said . Amid rising national outrage over the alleged murder of a local hero , authorities in Wenzhou city in Zhejiang province , which oversees Yueqing , launched a criminal investigation Tuesday -- and drew their conclusions less than 48 hours later . In a late-night press conference Wednesday , officials reiterated that Qian was a victim of a traffic accident , not a murder . Police assigned blame to the inexperienced trucker driving without a license , the severely overloaded vehicle with faulty brakes , the slippery road on a rainy day -- and even Qian himself for not being careful when crossing the road . "  We thoroughly investigated the life and work as well as social connections of the suspect  driver  , and eliminated the possibility of him intentionally killing  Qian  , " said Shen Qiang , deputy police chief of Wenzhou . "  There were obvious skid marks , drag marks of the body and collision marks on the scene , all of which contradicted the scenario of someone being held down and crushed , " he added . State-run China Central Television later aired interviews of the two eyewitnesses , including a man detained for assaulting police . Contrary to earlier reports quoting them , they both denied seeing Qian 's brutal murder . "  Several men told me if I said these things , they would help me treat my daughter 's illness , " Huang Diyan told CCTV . The police conclusions and CCTV interviews have not satisfied many online , however , especially as state censors quietly erased earlier news reports , personal posts and comments on the topic on the internet . With mainstream media 's independent reporting on Qian 's death coming a screeching halt , grassroots activists continue chasing the case , digging up new information on the land dispute and traveling to Yueqing to talk to villagers . Wu Gan , a rights activist , has obtained a lengthy police video that showed the chaotic scene after the truck crushed Qian . He posted it online for the public to view and analyze before heading to the village Thursday evening to offer legal assistance to anyone in need . "  I do n't prejudge -- I just want to restore the truth , " he told CNN . "  The way the authorities dealt with this incident was just not open or fair -- they have lost all credibility . " Wu said the Internet provides ordinary Chinese with an outlet to express their anger over injustice resulting from a storyline common in the country -- poor farmers losing land to corrupt officials working with businesses , and then losing even more in failed attempts to petition to higher authorities . "  This death really shows the bottom line of what is intolerable keeps getting lower , " he said . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	Police beat and arrest villagers , an eyewitness says China 's official media does not report the incident Authorities insist Qian Yunhui died in a traffic accident Internet postings suggest he was murdered for his role in a land dispute
CNN  -- Federal agents say they 've now linked 11 killings to admitted serial killer Israel Keyes and are looking into possible ties to killings in other countries . Keyes killed himself in December , about nine months after his arrest in the slaying of an Anchorage , Alaska , coffee barista . Police said he admitted to at least seven other slayings , from Vermont to Washington state , before his death . In a statement issued Monday afternoon , the FBI office in Anchorage said agents have now added three more to that grim tally , based on his statements : -- a pale-skinned woman in an older car , "  possibly having a wealthy grandmother " -- one in which the victim was posed to make it look like the death had been an accident -- one "  in Texas or a surrounding state " that he had denied committing before his death . Travels abroad They also asked the public to share any information they had regarding Keyes ' travels in Canada , Mexico and Belize between 2001 and 2008 . "  Keyes traveled internationally and it is unknown if he committed any homicides while outside of the United States , " the FBI statement said . Keyes lived in upstate New York at one point and "  reported several trips to Montreal in which he sought out prostitutes " and drove through western Canada on his way to Alaska , where he lived before his arrest . The FBI on Tuesday released a detailed interactive map of Keyes ' travels dating back to 1997 in hopes that the information might spur tips . Pins on the map show Keyes ' location on specific dates . For instance , from March 1 , 2005 : "  Day canoe trip to unspecified location ; spotted camping at location only accessible by boat - Washington state , " the interactive says . The pin points to a mountainous region east of Seattle . In April and May of 2007 , the pins put Keyes in specific locations in California , including "  Hotel reservation  Best Western  - Kettleman City , California . April 27 - 28 , 2007 , " and "  Reservation  Safari West wildlife preserve  - Santa Rosa , California . May 3 , 2007 . " "  If we have a missing person identified in a particular area , we work closely with that local police department to either connect the person to Keyes or not , " Jolene Goeden , FBI special agent in Anchorage , said in a statement accompanying the interactive . "  We have his DNA . " Videos of Keyes ' interrogations are viewable on the FBI 's website . ' A murder addict ' An Anchorage police officer described Keyes as a kind of murder addict who hunted victims in remote locations like parks , campgrounds or hiking trails . An Army veteran and contractor , Keyes studied other serial killers but "  was very careful to say he had not patterned himself after any other serial killer , " Detective Monique Doll said in December . No remorse Keyes killed himself by slitting one of his wrists and strangling himself with bedding , police said . He left behind an extensive , four-page note that expressed no remorse nor offer any clues to other slayings . Investigators said he had "  a meticulous and organized approach to his crimes , " stashing weapons , cash and items used to dispose of bodies in several locations to prepare for future crimes . Authorities have dug up two of those caches -- one in Eagle River , Alaska , outside Anchorage , and one near a reservoir in the Adirondack Mountains of New York . Keyes also said he robbed banks to finance his travels , and investigators have corroborated his role in two holdups , the FBI said . CNN 's Brad Lendon contributed to this report .	Israel Keyes is believed to have killed 11 people before his death in December , the FBI says He admitted to eight slayings after his arrest in March 2012 The FBI is asking for the public to help them identify other victims
Washington  CNN  -- Joel Sartore 's photograph of gentle Bryn is a permanent record , but she has been lost forever . The Columbia Basin pygmy rabbit died in 2008 shortly after the picture was taken . She was the last of her kind . Sartore , who has worked for the National Geographic Society for two decades , called the brief shooting session with the doomed rabbit a "  solemn occasion , " knowing she would not be around much longer . Bryn is one of dozens of animals profiled in a new book , "  Rare : Portraits of America 's Endangered Species , " by the award-winning photographer . See more portraits Sartore , a Nebraska native , traveled the country to get glimpses of 69 species -- red wolves , Hawaiian orchids , hellbenders  a prehistoric-looking salamander  , and sea turtles -- all now or once hanging on the verge of extinction . As the United States celebrated Earth Day on Thursday , Sartore talked with CNN recently about his passion for raising awareness about preserving the variety of animal and plant life before it is too late . CNN : This may be the only chance for most readers to see these beautiful , rare creatures . Joel Sartore : Whatever press these animals get is really minimal . Even some of the animals we call "  charismatic mega-fauna " -- like whooping cranes , California condors -- they do n't get enough press , so can you imagine the Pyne 's ground-plum or the Mount Graham red squirrel -- what odds to they have to ever get even their 15 minutes of fame nationally ? The goal is really to get people first aware of these always amazing plants and animals and to get them to care , before it 's too late . A lot of the things that are going away are very small , little plants and invertebrates . CNN : This book expanded on a National Geographic magazine feature from several years ago . Why do an entire book ? Sartore : I was always interested in endangered species , mainly why we let it happen . If we wo n't save our own plants and animals , how can we expect poorer nations to do that ? So it 's always been a bit of an outrage to me that we can let things disappear into extinction . CNN : You decided not to shoot your subjects in the wild , in their natural habitats . Instead you chose simple indoor backgrounds . Was that a practical or artistic consideration ? Sartore : I needed to drive the point home that the small things are as important , if not more so , than the big things , and I figured by putting them on black and white backgrounds , it would make a rare butterfly as "  impactful " as a polar bear . It is a great equalizer , and I tried to capture the intimacy and essence of each plant or animal . It 's really hard to show something like an Iowa Pleistocene snail in a dramatic way when it 's the size of a pencil lead and it lives in a kind of in a crack in a rock . If I shot in the wild , I would have had to pass on a lot of small creatures because I could n't figure out a way to make the picture sexy enough . CNN : Does taking them out of their natural habitats remove some of the connection with the reader , that these animals exist in a larger wild environment ? Sartore : That really was n't a concern . I 'm desperate to get somebody to care , right now . I have to make as dramatic a picture as I can . The American public cares a lot more about what 's on TV and the price at the pump . That 's sometimes all they care about , so my job is to get people to stop and think in any way I can that we 're talking about a matter of life and death . There 's such a disconnect now between humans and the natural world , and it gets worse every year . CNN : Many of these rare animals exist near human habitation , accessible to people who might want to seek them out . Sartore : That 's true , but it 's sad the disconnect from nature is so great that guys like me are having to turn the volume up any way we can on images to try to get people to care before all these species go away . We lost five birds in the turn of the last century , including the passenger pigeon . I 'm seeing this acceleration I never thought would happen in my lifetime -- I thought I 'd have a lot more time -- for literally thousands of species , and it 's just very hard to get anybody excited about it , which stuns me . CNN : You shot an ocelot , a neotropical wildcat that ventures into extreme south Texas and Arizona . Sartore : It would n't stay still . It was trained to walk on a leash at the San Diego Zoo , and we got seven minutes with him before he got full . He 'll stay in a certain area and not get antsy if you give him treats . The moment he fills up , he 's done . For the grizzly bear , we painted an exhibit area white at the Sedgwick County Zoo in Wichita . That bear was pacing the whole time , so we took pictures of him as we could . Most of the time , the animals are n't happy about it , but this is the only chance they 'll get to be seen and so the ends justify the means . Most of the time , it 's a really quick process . CNN : What surprises readers most ? Sartore : The one comment I get from people is : Wow , I had no idea that these things exist and that they 're intricate , interesting and beautiful . And they did n't know they are on the edge of not existing . I 'm hoping these pictures give a voice to the voiceless , that they allow some of these things that are living in forgotten marshes or some breeding facility that does n't have enough funding , that they allow these species to be heard at least once before they go away . CNN.com : The American burying beetle is not well known , but nevertheless is important to the planet . Sartore : The St. Louis Zoo has a successful breeding program . That 's an insect that was thought to go into extreme decline after the passenger pigeon went away because it 's an animal that will actually bury the carcass of a dead bird or a rodent , and then create a nest chamber near it and then the parents shovel food back and forth to the young . So when billions of passenger pigeons were shot and disappeared , there went the carcasses ,  and  the beetle was taken down with it . They 've been rediscovered in a few states , but having undisturbed habitat is critical for this animal . CNN.com : Why should people care , and what can they do about it ? Sartore : Many of the stories we tell are sad ones -- not all . There are many stories of hope -- the California condor , whooping crane , black-footed ferret , bald eagle , and the American alligator . So people can and have done good things . We can make great choices every day to help our planet . Every time we spend money we can help the planet , if we act responsibly . But if we do n't turn things around , things are going to get very uncomfortable . My job is to make great pictures and get people to see what 's going on . It 's not hopeless , we can turn things around , but we have to first realize there 's a problem . Hopelessness does n't get us anywhere . It 's just a matter of getting people to realize what 's at stake . Most of these species are failing because their habitat is being chewed up . It 's folly to think that as animals ourselves , we can let the rest of the world go to hell but we 'll be just fine . We 're all interconnected .	Joel Sartore 's work appears in ` Rare : Portraits of America 's Endangered Species ' The Nebraska native traveled the country to photograph 69 endangered animals and plants Sartore says many people are surprised that so many species are on the verge of extinction Sartore : "  My job is to ... get people to see what 's going on . It 's not hopeless "
CNN  -- The wife of CNN talk-show host Larry King suffered an apparent drug overdose last month , just over two weeks after the couple reconciled and dropped their divorce petitions , according to a Utah police report . Paramedics found "  multiple pill bottles all of which were empty " on her bed , along with a letter a police officer said "  led me to believe that  Shawn  King had intentionally taken the quantity of pills . " Larry King released a statement through his publicist Wednesday saying his marriage is "  still together . " "  We shall go through this difficult time intact as a family , " King said . Her father , Karl Engemann , called for an ambulance to come to his Provo , Utah , home around midday on May 28 because he found Shawn King , 50 , unconscious on a bed . CNN obtained the recording of the 911 call from the Provo Police Department . "  I 've tried to wake her up , " Engemann told the emergency dispatcher . "  I slap her and I holler at her and she opens her eyes halfway and puts them back down again . " Asked if it could be an intentional overdose , Engemann said "  No , no , no , it would n't be suicidal . " "  I do n't think she did it on purpose or anything , but she may have overmedicated , " he said . "  Last night she seemed confused about what she had taken the last time she had taken it . " He said his daughter did take "  something to help with her anxiety and her depression . " The police report obtained by CNN said three handwritten pages were found on the bed near her "  indicating that she was leaving , or that she might hurt herself , such as that she wished to be buried in Utah . " "  At this time it is unknown whose writing this letter was in , however , wording on the letter led me to believe that King had intentionally taken the quantity of pills , " Officer Martin Webb wrote in his report . "  Multiple pill bottles all of which were empty " were found on the bed with the letters , he said . The prescription medications included Compro , Prometrium , clonazepam , Ambien , Klonopin , Subutex , Cymbalta and Lyrica , the report said . King was taken to Utah Valley Regional Medical Center , where she was listed in critical condition later that night , the report said . Coincidentally , actor Gary Coleman died in the same hospital just minutes before King arrived there . CNN was unable to reach representatives of Shawn King or her father . Larry King , however , did provide a statement . "  I am extremely supportive of Shawn , " he said . "  Reports that we have fought are absolutely false . I love her dearly . " The couple filed for divorce within minutes of each other in Los Angeles County Superior Court in April . They announced their reconciliation a month later . "  We love our children , we love each other , we love being a family , " their joint statement said . "  That is all that matters to us . We owe it to ourselves and our children to continue being dedicated to each other . " The Kings have two sons , ages 9 and 11 . Larry King has hosted a nightly prime-time talk show on CNN since June 1985 . He previously hosted a late-night national radio talk show .	Paramedics found Larry King 's wife unconscious May 28 at her father 's home Shawn King found with empty pill bottles , handwritten letter , police say Larry and Shawn King had filed for divorce , then reconciled , weeks before Shawn King ca n't be reached for comment ; Larry King says marriage "  still together "
CNN  -- A second man charged with murder in the 2011 disappearance of Tennessee nursing student Holly Bobo told a judge he was innocent Wednesday . Jason Wayne Autry , who is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction , was indicted on especially aggravated kidnapping and first-degree murder charges by a special grand jury on Tuesday , Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said . Autry , 39 , was a longtime friend of Zachary Adams , 29 , who was indicted last month on the same kidnapping and murder charges . "  Your honor , I want to say one thing -- I 'm innocent of these charges . Right hand before God , I 'm innocent , sir , " Autry said in court . Adams also appeared Wednesday in court , where a not guilty plea was entered for a coercion of a witness charge . Bobo was 20 when she was last seen on April 13 , 2011 . Her brother told authorities he saw a man in camouflage leading her away from their home in the small town of Darden , Tennessee . Information from "  several witnesses " led to charges against Autry , Gwyn said . Investigators "  believe there are more people with information and possible involvement , " Gwyn said . He told reporters to "  expect more announcements in the coming days and weeks . " "  These individuals know who they are , and I 'm sure they are watching , and they can expect us to be on their doorstep pretty soon , " Gwyn said . The Bobo case rocked the largely rural swath of central Tennessee . Many knew the young woman and many rallied behind the effort to find her . Hundreds of volunteers turned out to help find her in Decatur , Henderson , Henry , Carroll and Benton counties . Many more attended memorial services or offered other support . More than $ 450,000 has been offered in reward money . Bobo 's body has not been found three years after her disappearance . CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Suspect Jason Wayne Autry is already in prison for an unrelated assault conviction "  Your honor , I want to say one thing -- I 'm innocent of these charges , " he says Autry is a longtime friend of suspect Zachary Adams , who was indicted last month
Los Angeles  Financial Times  -- Walt Disney will incur a $ 200m writedown on John Carter , the action film based on the Edgar Rice Burroughs novel which has failed at the box office despite a $ 300m production budget and an extensive global marketing campaign . The film about an American civil war hero who journeys to Mars is shaping up to be one of Hollywood 's costliest flops . It has generated $ 184m in global ticket sales but with about half its takings going to cinema chains , Disney has had to adjust its earnings guidance for the quarter to reflect the film 's performance . The company said its "  current expectation " is that its movie studio division will incur an operating loss of between $ 80m and $ 120m for the quarter following the release of the movie . The writedown deals a blow to Rich Ross , the chairman of Walt Disney Studios , who has been trying to improve returns at the division following a restructuring and a focus on films made under the Disney , Pixar and Marvel brands . The studio has better prospects for the rest of the year , when it will release Brave , the latest film from Pixar , and The Avengers , a superhero movie featuring characters such as Iron Man and The Incredible Hulk . Disney said the two movies had "  tremendous potential to drive value for the studio and the rest of the company " . However , the abject failure of John Carter is not likely to be forgotten in an industry where a single flop can wipe out a studio 's annual profits . Hopes were initially high for John Carter : Its director , Andrew Stanton , had made the critically lauded and commercially successful Finding Nemo and Wall-E . But the director openly admitted to struggling with the transition from animated film-making to live action directing . Meanwhile , Burroughs ' source material , which inspired filmmakers such as James Cameron , has failed to energise young , male cinema goers , a crucial demographic for any big-budget action movie . The film comes a year after another costly Disney flop -- Mars Needs Moms -- but although it is likely to provoke some soul-searching at the company , privately executives are standing behind Mr Stanton and saying the company will continue to take risks in the pursuit of creative success . John Carter was "  greenlit " , or put into development , by the previous management regime at Disney 's studio . Since the departure of Dick Cook , the former studio chairman , Disney has cut its marketing costs and reduced the headcount at its home entertainment division to reflect an industry-wide slump in DVD sales . It is also producing fewer movies , concentrating instead on distributing titles produced by DreamWorks , the movie studio created by Steven Spielberg , Pixar and Marvel , the comic book publisher it acquired in 2009 for $ 4bn . © The Financial Times Limited 2012	Walt Disney will incur a $ 200m writedown on action film John Carter Film about an American civil war hero who journeys to Mars The film has failed at the box office despite a $ 300m production budget
CNN  -- English golfer Robert Rock completed a wire-to-wire success at the Italian Open on Sunday to clinch his first European Tour title . The 34-year-old , who led from Thursday 's opening round , carded a five-under-par 67 to finish on 21-under 267 as he triumphed by two shots in Turin . The win , after nine years on the circuit , boosted his hopes of impressing in his first U.S. Open start at Congressional next week -- his first major appearance outside of Britain . The world No. 165 ended up one shot ahead of compatriot Gary Boyd , who shot 66 , and Denmark 's Thorbjorn Olesen -- who surged up the leaderboard with a superb 62 . Rock steady as Englishman bids for maiden European Tour title "  I have been waiting a long time to be even in with a chance of doing this , " Rock told reporters . "  I played good today so I am very happy . "  It 's a fantastic feeling , it 's one of my favorite courses now . Since they changed the venue I have done well here . I was expecting to do well this week , but not really expecting this . " The 21-year-old Olesen started with two birdies and an eagle , and completed his front nine in just 29 strokes before setting the clubhouse lead on 20 under . Boyd matched that with a birdie at the final hole , his eighth of the day after bogeys at his first and 10th holes . Rock , runner-up three times in Europe including in 2009 at the same Royal Park I Roveri course , had extended his lead to two shots by the end of Saturday 's third round but lost ground with a bogey at his third hole . He bounced back with four birdies in a row from the fifth , and then another three in four holes from 10 marred only by another bogey at 12 . Rock knew he could win by coming home in par , which he managed despite driving into the trees at 17 as he did well to escape back onto the fairway , pitched to 12 feet and sank his clutch putt . Scotland 's Pete Whiteford was fourth on 19 under after a 66 , one ahead of Dutchman Joost Luiten  68  . Home hopes Francesco Molinari and Matteo Manassero tied for eighth on 16 under after finishing with 70 and 68 respectively . Molinari won the tournament in 2006 for his first European Tour success , while the 18-year-old Manassero had been seeking his third title since turning professional 13 months ago .	Robert Rock ends nine-year wait to win his first European Tour title Englishman triumphs by one shot at Italian Open from Gary Boyd and Thorbjorn Olesen Norway 's Olesen had set clubhouse target of 20-under-par 268 after a closing 62 Home hopes Francesco Molinari and the 18-year-old Matteo Manassero tied for eighth
A technician from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will be monitored for three weeks after possibly being exposed to the Ebola virus at one of the agency 's Atlanta labs , the CDC said Wednesday . The CDC said in a written statement that a small amount of material from an experiment was mistakenly transferred from one lab to another and it might have contained the live virus . The incident was discovered Tuesday . The technician has no symptoms of the illness , CDC Director of Public Relations Barbara Reynolds said in the statement . "  Others who entered the lab have been contacted and will be assessed for possible exposure by the CDC Occupational Health Clinic . As of this time we believe exposure requiring monitoring is limited to one individual , " the CDC said . There is no possibility of exposure outside the lab and no risk to the public , the statement said . The center is investigating the incident , which CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden called troubling . He said the agency is taking "  all necessary measures . " That includes destroying the material , decontaminating and closing the lab , letting staff know about the incident and notifying the proper oversight agencies . This is not the first incident in which the transfer from one lab to another risked exposure to potentially deadly material . In early June , dozens of CDC workers were potentially exposed to anthrax after a lab failed to inactivate the dangerous bacteria before transferring it to another lab . An outside investigation by the U.S. Department of Agriculture found dangerous biological materials stored in unlocked refrigerators and a general lack of lab workers following safety protocols . Investigators said the anthrax that was believed to be deactivated was transferred in Ziploc bags , which are not approved to carry such materials . Frieden , who took the CDC director job in 2009 , acknowledged at a congressional hearing into that incident and others that he and other CDC managers failed to recognize a "  critical pattern . " CDC director warns against Ebola complacency	CDC statement says the public is n't at risk Exposure came inside secure lab , as material was transferred Scientist has no symptoms , but will be monitored for 21 days Others will also be assessed , the agency says
CNN  -LSB- Breaking news update , posted at 11:50 p.m. ET -RSB- A Western Intelligence source tells CNN that the ongoing terror threat appears to involve up to 20 sleeper cells of between 120 to 180 people ready to strike in France , Germany , Belgium and the Netherlands . The source said that European Union and Middle East intelligence agencies identified an "  imminent threat " to Belgium , possibly also to the Netherlands . -LSB- Previous story , posted at 8 p.m. ET -RSB- Belgian operation thwarted ` major terrorist attacks ' CNN  -- A terror cell on the brink of carrying out an attack was the target of a raid Thursday that left two suspects dead , Belgian authorities said . A third suspect was injured and taken into custody in the operation at a building in the eastern city of Verviers , prosecutor 's spokesman Thierry Werts told reporters . A senior Belgian counterterrorism official told CNN that the alleged terror cell is believed to have received instructions from ISIS . Some members of the cell had traveled to Syria and met with ISIS , which plotted the attacks as retaliation for U.S.-led airstrikes in Syria and Iraq , the Belgian source said . "  This was in the framework of an operation looking into an operational cell made up of people , some of whom coming back from Syria , " Werts said . "  The investigation made it possible to determine that the group was about to carry out major terrorist attacks in Belgium imminently . " The operation , which authorities said was ongoing , added fresh fuel to a fear that 's been simmering for months as thousands of Europeans went off to join ISIS fighters in Syria . Would they bring the war back with them when they returned home ? Frédéric Hausman was inside his house in Verviers when he heard the explosions start . From the window , he saw police officers firing assault rifles at a house nearby . He watched smoke rising after another explosion went off . Then , police entered the house , Hausman told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " And even though he could n't see exactly what happened next , he heard it . "  I can hear it . Everybody can hear it , " Hausman said . "  In this little city , everybody heard the sound . " Shouts , gunfire and the sound of glass shattering echo in a video Hausman posted on YouTube . "  The suspects immediately , and for long minutes , fired using weapons and hand weapons before being neutralized , " Werts said . Verviers is about 69 miles  111 kilometers  east-southeast of Brussels and 200 miles  322 kilometers  northeast of Paris , where terrorist attacks last week heightened alerts in Europe . CNN affiliate VTM reported that the terrorism investigation in Belgium started weeks ago , and there has been no connection established with the Paris attacks . A Western intelligence source said the Paris attacks played a role in accelerating the timing of the Belgian operation . One reason : The arrest of a Belgian arms dealer suspected of providing weapons to Amedy Coulibaly , the man who attacked a Paris kosher supermarket and also pledged allegiance to ISIS . Belgian investigators questioned him and searched his possessions , the source said . Through the arms dealer , the investigators got a number of "  positive hits " on suspected extremists already known to authorities . But in the wake of the Paris attacks , the source said , it stepped up the urgency . The trio targeted in the Verviers raid had been under surveillance for some time , Werts said . Additional anti-terrorism operations are underway in other cities , the Belgian counterterrorism official said . In recent weeks , European security services received indications of an ominous possibility : that ISIS may have started directing European extremists in Syria and Iraq to launch terrorist attacks back in their home countries , the Belgian counterterrorism official said . Security agencies in several European countries were intensely investigating several groups of returnees from Syria and Iraq , the official said , including the group that authorities confronted in Belgium . The Belgian counterterrorism official said indications of ISIS ordering attacks in Europe mark an apparent significant shift by the terrorist group . Before the air campaign against it , the official said , there was little indication ISIS leaders were directly plotting attacks in the West . Instead , the group prioritized its project to create an Islamic caliphate . The official named France , the UK and Belgium as countries facing a particular threat . Counterterrorism agencies in Germany also are on high alert because of the number of fighters who have traveled . Several European countries , including Britain , France , Belgium and the Netherlands are participating in the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq . Why would ISIS change tack ? Partly because of increased competition between ISIS and al Qaeda affiliates , including the Khorasan group in Syria , to be seen as the standard bearers of global jihad , according to the official . The official said there is also significant concern about Khorasan attack plotting against Europe . U.S. officials previously told CNN that French al Qaeda operative and bomb-maker David Drugeon was suspected to be talent-spotting European jihadis in Syria for operations in Europe . Drugeon was injured in a drone strike in November but is believed to be still alive . Last week , Andrew Parker , the head of Britain 's security service MI5 , warned , "  A group of core al Qaeda terrorists in Syria is planning mass casualty attacks against the West , " an apparent reference to the Khorasan group . European officials have been warning for months about the unprecedented challenge posed by returning fighters . More than 3,000 Europeans have left to fight in Syria in recent years . The total number who have returned to Europe is estimated to be over 500 , including 250 who have returned to the UK , almost 200 to France and about 70 to Belgium . Several returning ISIS fighters have already been implicated in attack plans in Europe . In February , police in Cannes broke up an alleged plot to bomb targets in France by Ibrahim Boudina , a French-Algerian extremist who allegedly had just returned from fighting with ISIS in Syria . Police said they found almost a kilogram of the high explosive TATP inside soda cans in his family 's Cannes apartment building . Screws and nails were attached to one with sticky tape as shrapnel , according to sources briefed on the investigation . Boudina has denied the allegations against him . Mehdi Nemmouche , a French-Algerian ISIS fighter who allegedly helped guard Western hostages in Syria before returning to Europe , allegedly shot and killed four people at a Jewish museum in Brussels in May . Nemmouche was arrested in France and extradited to face trial in Belgium . He has denied the charges . In both the Cannes and Brussels plots , investigators believe it is possible the men were acting on their own steam . No evidence has been publicly released suggesting ISIS leadership signed off on the plots . But the worry now is that ISIS has pivoted toward launching attacks in Europe . European officials say all this adds up to an unprecedented terrorist threat in Europe . Late last year , just weeks before the attacks on a satirical magazine , Jewish grocery and police officers in Paris , French Prime Minister Manuel Valls said France had never faced a greater terrorist threat . ISIS runs large training facilities in Syria , has deep financial pockets , and access to thousands of potential European recruits . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Jim Sciutto and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Witness : "  In this little city , everybody heard the sound " Terrorist cell was plotting an imminent attack in Belgium , officials say
CNN  -- Beautiful stretches of desert , wispy cumulus clouds , green-chile cheeseburgers and cozy adobe homes . These are the hallmarks of Albuquerque , New Mexico . But now , thanks to the AMC hit series "  Breaking Bad , " the fictional saga about a high school chemistry teacher turned drug dealer , there are some new , more unusual trademarks . The wildly popular , Emmy-winning television series shot in Albuquerque tells the story of mild-mannered Walter White , played by Bryan Cranston , who is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer early in the show . He turns to producing and selling methamphetamine to secure his family 's financial future before he dies . His radical transformation into a ruthless drug baron has spawned a cult-like following  fans are even getting Walter White tattoos  . As a result of the show 's success , many businesses in Albuquerque are getting creative and prompting visitors to check out spots that were not on the must-see list before 2008 when the series began . How ` Breaking Bad ' should end The final season starts on August 11 , so why not pretend to cook up some crystal meth in Albuquerque to mark the occasion ? Take a BaD Tour : ABQ Trolley Co. . This is not your typical jaunt around town . For starters , the open-air trolleys are covered in stucco to represent the adobe-style buildings of the area . It 's called the BaD tour , but , in fact , it 's so good that it sells out months in advance . The three-and-a-half-hour tour is run by two locals who clearly love showing people around Walter White and Jesse Pinkman 's Albuquerque . Riders on this tour cover nearly 40 miles worth of "  Breaking Bad " hangouts . Plus , there are flat screens in the trolley playing scenes from the show that coincide with the tour stops . Altogether , guests see up to 20 locations from all five seasons , including the exteriors of Walt 's house , Jesse 's house , Los Pollos Hermanos , the car wash and Tuco 's hideout . Boost your cooking cred : Great Face & Body If you 're looking for something highly unusual to do on your Albuquerque vacation , pretending to cook up crystal meth would be it . During an interactive 60-minute "  cooking " class at eco-friendly day-spa Great Face & Body you 'll learn secrets from the Heisenberg Cookbook . In other words , you 'll be whipping up blue sheet candy and blue bath salts , both inspired by White 's pure crystal meth . By the end of the class you will be a certified BrBd cookologist , and to prove it , they 'll take your mug shot holding your certificate . And better yet , you get to walk away with the evidence , in 8-ounce plastic baggies , of course . After you 're finished cooking , try the 40-minute Bathing Bad Body Scrub where your lucky limbs are exfoliated with all-natural ingredients and rehydrated with the cerulean Bathing Bad lotion . Two wheel it : Routes Rentals & Tours Hop on a signature , yellow-tire three-speed cruiser to explore urban ABQ by bike . Upon arrival Biking Bad tour guests are "  booked "  given special markings for the tour  and outfitted with bicycles . Then , the first person to answer the initial trivia question correctly draws from a set of five character cards . This determines the tour route . Depending on what tour you are on , you might visit Spooge 's house , see where Combo spent his last minutes , visit the DEA building , ride through the neighborhood where Jesse grew up and discover Tuco 's headquarters . No worries if you are n't a cycling pro ; the tour is intended for riders of all skill levels with mostly level terrain . Eat Mexican : Twisters Burgers and Burritos On the show it 's called Los Pollos Hermanos and serves as home base for meth kingpin Gustavo "  Gus " Fring . In reality it 's Twisters Grill and does n't actually serve chicken . Instead , grab a root beer float and a plate of Mexican food . Inside you 'll find a Los Pollos Hermanos mural , which makes for a recognizable photo op . Choose from burgers and burritos and lots of toppings . The signature item , the Twisters Burrito , comes with chicken , beef , carne adovada or bean and cheese topped with red or green chile , lettuce and tomato . Post chow down , check out the guest book and sign in next to fellow fans visiting from places like France , Germany and Canada . Down a dog : The Dog House Drive In You know you 've arrived at The Dog House when you see a giant neon dachshund sign perched atop a tiny shack off of Route 66 . "  Breaking Bad " fans will recognize it as a place that Jesse Pinkman visits several times on the show . For nearly 60 years , this relic of an eatery has been serving up burgers , tater tots , foot-long chili cheese dogs and Frito pies  Frito Lays chips piled with seasoned ground beef and red chili , cheese , tomatoes and onions . Be warned , though : Some of the dishes have a kick . Satisfy your sweet tooth : The Candy Lady Fans love this candy shop located in the historic part of town for a few reasons . First of all , you can purchase a $ 1 baggie of Breaking Bad Candy . It 's so popular , The Candy Lady , Debbie Ball , has sold 30,000 of them to customers around the world in places as far flung as Australia , Sweden , Norway and Germany . In fact , she supplied the show with the prop meth during the first two seasons . While you 're at the shop , try on a Heisenberg pork pie hat or snag an "  I 'm not Heisenberg " T-shirt . You 'll also find red-and-green chili fudge and X-rated candy  aka chocolate in the shape of unmentionable body parts  . Be a rebel : Rebel Donut Stuff yourself silly at this hometown doughnut shop . Keep with the "  Breaking Bad " theme by devouring a vanilla cake doughnut with light blue , cotton-candy-flavored icing topped with blue rock candy . Actor Aaron Paul  Jesse Pinkman  custom ordered these awhile back and ever since Blue Sky doughnuts have been flying off the shelves . Other crowd-pleasers include maple bacon bars , green-chili apple fritters and doughnuts topped with Fruity Pebbles . If those do n't float your boat , order custom-made doughnuts to your liking . They 've done "  Dexter " doughnuts splattered with red icing , "  Star Wars " doughnuts and even gender reveal doughnuts for baby showers . Get your brew on : Marble Brewery Cheers ! On August 8 Marble Brewery is introducing two new beers just in time for the final season 's premiere . Heisenberg 's Dark , a 6.5 % ABV Indian Black Ale , represents White 's dark side while Walt 's White Lie , an India White Ale , represents his family man side . Marble plans to brew about 60 kegs of each style of beer , so there should be plenty to go around . The new themed beers will be on tap through Marble Brewery 's distribution network in New Mexico , Arizona and Colorado . Marble Brewery 's beers have had cameos on the show several times and members of the cast have visited the brewery , too .	"  Breaking Bad " is shot in Albuquerque , New Mexico ABQ Trolley Co. offers a 3.5 hour , 40-mile tour of "  Breaking Bad " haunts The Los Pollos Hermanos restaurant is really named Twisters Burgers and Burritos The Candy Lady , who used to supply the show 's prop meth , sells Breaking Bad Candy
CNN  -- Disney has announced the return of "  Toy Story " with a fourth installment due out in 2017 , according to the official fan site D23.com . Chairman and CEO Bob Iger said during Disney 's quarterly earnings call Thursday that the flicks starring Woody , Buzz Lightyear and Mr. Potato Head are n't finished , contrary to chatter after "  Toy Story 3 " wrapped up the trilogy with an emotional ending in 2010 . Director John Lasseter , who made the first movie , will return to direct "  Toy Story 4 , " according to D23 . "  Toy Story " debuted in 1995 and starred Tom Hanks , Tim Allen and Don Rickles . It was famously touted as the first computer-animated feature film . The third "  Toy Story " movie grossed more than $ 1 billion worldwide , according to industry tracker Box Office Mojo . Paul Reubens teases long-rumored ` Pee-Wee ' movie	Disney 's "  Toy Story " is returning for a fourth installment in 2017 John Lasseter , who directed the first movie , will return to helm the fourth "  Toy Story 3 " grossed more than $ 1 billion at the box office worldwide
CNN  -- A priest known for his collection of religious art is under investigation for possible involvement in the illegal ivory trade , according to a Philippine law enforcement agency . Monsignor Cristobal Garcia was quoted in the October issue of National Geographic directing a reporter to ivory carvers and traders , and also dispensing advice on how to smuggle the banned item into the United States . According to the National Geographic article , Garcia told the journalist , Bryan Christy , to wrap ivory in "  old , stinky underwear and pour ketchup on it , " to disguise it as a soiled piece of clothing to get it through U.S. customs . He was with the Cebu Archdiocese when he allegedly made his remarks to the magazine . This caught the Philippines authorities ' interest . Garcia was known as "  one of the best known ivory collectors in the Philippines , " according to National Geographic . An investigation concerning Garcia is ongoing , said Sixto Comia , the chief of the environmental and wildlife investigation division of the National Bureau of Investigation . Garcia has not been charged with any crime and his collection has not been confiscated . Comia said the agency takes illegal trade of ivory seriously . Elephants , valued for their tusks , are being killed in Africa at an alarming rate by well-armed poachers , according to conservation groups . The highly coveted ivory tusks are often traded in Asia , where there is high demand -- especially in China and Thailand . National Geographic described Garcia owning a "  mini-museum " filled with ivory religious figures . Garcia was removed from his position in June stemming from a U.S. case in the 1980s , said Monsignor Achilles Dakay , the Cebu archdiocese media liaison officer . National Geographic 's article alluded to a dismissed lawsuit filed against Garcia when he served as priest in Los Angeles in the 1980s for sexual abuse of an altar boy . The Cebu Archdiocese released a statement Wednesday saying that Garcia 's past "  has been elevated to the Holy See , " the Vatican City government of the Catholic Church . "  The Church is also aware of the gravity of the crime of pederasty . In recent pronouncements , the Church has stated her regret for the failure to address the problem in a more decisive and effective way , " according to the Archdiocese statement . Garcia has since taken ill , Dakay said , and is unable to be reached for comment . The church 's statement , attributed to Cebu Archbishop Jose S. Palma , also condemned the ivory trade , saying , "  the Church does not condone ivory smuggling or other illegal activities , although in the past , ivory was one of the materials used in the adornment of liturgical worship . " The church also stated that Garcia has rights to a "  fair and just hearing " on the ivory trade allegations . The church said the National Geographic Magazine story "  needs to be assessed as to its veracity , considering that the article smacks of bias against religious practices . "	A quote in the National Geographic article lands priest in ivory investigation Monsignor Critobal Garcia allegedly gave tips on smuggling ivory Garcia has been removed from his religious duties on a molestation allegation
CNN  You may have heard of the Internet of Things -- the idea that eventually all physical objects could communicate data over the internet to other connected devices . Already many devices in cities -- from automobiles to thermostats -- communicate information to operators , manufacturers and consumers via the internet about their status . But in rural Wales , a region not noted for its connectivity , researchers have begun a study into the Internet of Sheep , attaching wireless devices to livestock to gather information . "  Most of the work on the Internet of Things has taken place in cities , " Computer scientist Professor Gordon Blair of Lancaster University told CNN . "  But I think we 're quite unique in taking the concept out into a more rural environment . "  This gives it a very different flavor . " While it has been widely reported that flocks of sheep in the project could transmit WiFi and improve internet coverage in rural areas , Professor Blair said this is not the aim of the research . So far , the study is all about gleaning data from the flock , not transmitting WiFi signals from the animals . He doubts whether sheep could ever become roving wireless internet transmitters . "  I would worry about sheep flocking behavior -- I do n't think sheep are the right animals to do this . "  Other researchers in north Norway have looked at reindeer . Perhaps reindeer are more individualistic in their behavior but I 'm not an expert on animal behavior , " he said . For animals to be effective WiFi nodes , he said , they need to be social but spread out at the same time ; a tough ask of nature . He said the beauty of sheep was that they flock together -- easily transmitting data until the flock come close to an internet receiving station which would take up the data and transmit it to researchers at Lancaster University . "  The signal goes from sheep to sheep to sheep - it 's a bit like gossip , if you like . " Sheep jokes apart , the aim of the study is serious . "  We are looking deliberately at breadth , because there may be surprises ; the natural environment is all about dependencies and things that can affect other things , " Blair said . "  The Internet of Sheep is about capturing sheep movements which could tell us a lot . " Everything from flooding to drought to agricultural pollution could be monitored with a series of riverside and sheep-bound sensors . "  There 's quite a big risk with the natural environment and sheep -- there are defecation and water quality issues . "  If the pathogens coming through sheep wash into rivers and then into estuaries and water supplies -- that can be very dangerous . " The study has been backed by a # 171,495  $ 265,000  prize from the UK 's Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council to look at ways of bringing the Internet of Things to the countryside . The project is currently centered in Conwy , North Wales , where sheep farmer Gareth Wyn Jones -- star of the BBC series The Hill Farm -- is cooperating with the project . "  Under EU regulations we already have to electronically chip sheep so the technology is already there in one respect , " he told the BBC . "  We have 3,500 sheep so whether a digital collar for all of them would be feasible is another matter but if someone said to me 10 years ago I would be tweeting to 7,000 followers from the top of a mountain or putting videos onto YouTube , I would never have believed you . "  We are on a journey over the next 10 to 15 years and the contribution technology can make to agriculture is immense . " Blair , meanwhile , said the project 's first hurdle would be finding a way to adequately tag the sheep with internet sensors . The whole unit , he said , was likely to be no larger than a packet of cigarettes . "  We have looked at collars . I do n't know if you know sheep , but they get up to mischief and there 's a danger that a collar could endanger the sheep . "  The sensors might be too big for ear tags and sheep do lose ear tags . Maybe we could use a belt around their middle . "  We 're looking for something that wo n't harm the sheep . " While the study is limited to sheep flocks for the time being , Blair said there 's no reason why it may not be extended to other livestock animals . "  We might look at cows in the future , " he said . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' ? Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Out of juice ? Try a cardboard battery	The Internet of Things is the idea that all physical objects could communicate data over the internet to other connected devices In rural Wales , researchers have begun a study into the Internet of Sheep , attaching devices to livestock to gather information Researchers say the beauty of sheep is that they stick together -- easily transmitting data between the flock When the flock comes close to an internet receiving station it would transmit data to researchers at Lancaster University
Most people like to know what they are eating . However , labeling for genetically modified organisms is not required in any state . This is largely because of the money expended by GM seed producers toward blocking food-labeling laws . A common claim made by this group is that GM foods have been proved safe to eat and that there is a global scientific consensus to support this statement ; therefore , no labeling is needed . However , an examination of the scientific data , along with discussions on this topic in other countries , show that both claims are blatantly false . What is the evidence that some GM foods are hazardous to human health and that consumers should be able to make a choice based upon this information ? When GMOs were introduced nearly 20 years ago , there was the promise of crops with increased yields and resistant to flooding and salt . Since then , traditional breeding methods have created commercial varieties with these traits , while genetic engineering has created none . For example , recently published data show that conventional breeding of corn and soy increases yields to a greater extent than GM technologies . With the promise of reducing the use of agricultural chemicals , most of the current GM crops are supposedly either insect or herbicide resistant . In reality , GM crops have fostered an epidemic of herbicide resistant weeds and insects that are no longer killed by the built-in toxins . The result is a massive increase in herbicide use -- an additional 527 million pounds over the past 16 years . The major herbicide , glyphosate , is found inside the GM plants we eat , leading to its detection in people . Future GM crops will likely trigger a greater use of more toxic herbicides such as 2,4-D , a component of the Agent Orange defoliant deployed in Vietnam . In addition to these problems , there is increasing evidence that GM crops and the chemicals required for their production are harmful to humans . An Associated Press story in October documented the large increase in cancer and birth defects in commercial farming areas of Argentina since the introduction of GM crops . These data confirm recent animal studies showing that GM corn and the herbicides sprayed on it caused a dramatic increase in cancer in the same strain of rats used in FDA drug safety tests . Another large study showed an increase in severe stomach inflammation in pigs caused by GM feed containing insecticidal toxins , a condition that would likely lead to cancer in humans . Since it takes many years for diseases such as cancer to appear , we could be reaching that point in time after the introduction of GM crops . What has been the reaction in the rest of the world to this and similar information ? The European Union has tightened its GM food safety testing requirements as consumers continue to reject GM foods , resulting in the withdrawal of investment from two large GM seed producers , Monsanto and BASF . India , Peru , Bolivia , the Philippines and Mexico have issued moratoria on GM food crops to go along with Japan , South Korea and a large number of other countries . Scientists in Russia have proposed a total ban on all GM products . And China , which initially embraced the technology , is having an extended debate about GM crops . The world 's food authority , Codex Alimentarius , agreed in 2011 that GM food labels are justified to trace back any adverse health effects of GMOs . As a result of these new revelations about GM technology , the industry is making a major public relations effort to promote itself , often falsely claiming that there is a "  consensus " among scientists that the technology is safe . In reality , there is no evidence that GM food is safe for human consumption , nor is there any consensus on this topic within the scientific community . It is critical for the public to educate itself about the realities of GMOs and not be fooled by the rhetoric from companies that sell it . Most of the world has studied this issue and concluded that GMOs are not worth the risk . Passing GM labeling initiatives in states will be the initial demonstration that the public understands what is at stake . At the very least , labeling may help reverse the unsustainable trend in this country towards ever increasing industrial GMO farming .	David Schubert : Seed producers say there 's scientific consensus on GMO safety Schubert : There is no evidence that GM food is safe for human consumption He says GM labeling will allow consumers to make an informed choice about what they eat Schubert : It is critical for the public to educate itself about the realities of GMOs
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Teams of rescuers in Haiti 's capital rushed to the city 's Caribbean Market on Tuesday after a machine used to clear rubble caused a secondary collapse , trapping at least one Haitian in the rubble . A French excavation team was working the site , which collapsed in the January 12 earthquake , said Lt. Col. Christophe Renou of French Civil Protection . The team spotted a body in the rubble and brought in an excavation machine , which resembles a bulldozer , to attempt to reach the body , he said . The machine tipped into a hole , however , and caused further collapse , Renou said . Several Haitians were in the building at the time , he said , some helping in the search and others looking for useful items . Teams are aware of at least one person alive , confirmed with radar . Renou said he believes more people are trapped , but he does n't know how many or whether they are alive . The French crews called U.S. and Mexican teams to the site to help with the rescue . The U.S. team brought more radar and lifting devices to try to extract the known survivor and reach any others , said Norman Skjelbreia , an incident commander from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers . The rescue mission is complicated , he said , by the Caribbean Market 's debris and rubble and an adjacent building that is partially collapsed . More than 212,000 people died in the earthquake , Haitian officials said , and bodies are being recovered every day . Rescuers pulled an apparent survivor of the original quake , Evan Muncie , 28 , from the rubble of a market on Monday . Doctors found him suffering from extreme dehydration and malnutrition , but without significant crushing injuries . Muncie 's family told staff at the hospital that he had been missing since the quake , and was found in the wreckage of a market where he sold rice . Muncie told doctors that someone brought him water while he waited for rescue , but sounded confused and sometimes thought he was still in the rubble . By Wednesday , Muncie was in stable condition , according to University of Miami hospital spokeswoman Nery Ynclan , who said he was more alert and aware of his surroundings and was answering questions . Ynclan said Muncie had eaten and even asked for chocolate -- which staff provided in small quantities . Muncie will be at the hospital at least another week , she said . His brother and mother arrived Monday at the hospital to be with him , she said . Ynclan also said that crews returned Tuesday to the the site where Muncie was found and determined he may have been trapped in a room with some food or water . He was likely not pinned down , she said , but scrapes on his hands and feet indicate he may have tried to climb out . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Danielle Dellorto contributed to this report .	Bulldozer at Caribbean Market causes secondary collapse At least one person is alive in rubble ; condition of others unknown Rescue complicated by debris , adjacent building that is partially collapsed
CNN  -- Beth Bartley clutched anything she could as she sat on the floor of her shuddering Manhattan building . The superstorm knocked power out . East 96th Street below was a river . And she was trapped on the fifth floor in darkness as the usually sturdy building trembled . "  The winds were so strong that the building heaved . It was eerie , " said Bartley , an actress . "  It was really scary . We were just bracing as the building shook and creaked . " This is one of the many harrowing stories that are being told about Sandy , a storm that has even veteran weather watchers scratching their heads , marveling at its power . "  This is the most unusual storm I 've ever chased . We 'll probably never see anything like it again in our lifetime , " said Reed Trimmer , a XXX storm chaser . "  This is a nor'easter on steroids . " Trevor Mann was one of the few people in his area of Ocean City , New Jersey who did not heed emergency evacuation orders . And by Monday evening he may have wished he had . He watched as the eye of storm the passed over his coastal city and the flood waters rushed like a relentless linebacker . Patio furniture was thrown into homes . Rushing waters made seem to make beach houses disappear . The destruction was breathtaking "  I am not going outside , " said Mann . "  But when people do go outside the clean up is going to be tremendous and there is going to be a lot of damage . " Shahir Daud was watching the lights go out in his Upper East Side New York neighborhood , hoping that his place would not be next . He saw manhole covers blown out of the street and wondered if there was a fire nearby . He watched as dark waters from the East River submerged parts of Franklin D. Roosevelt East River Drive . But by late Monday evening it seemed that the worst of the storm had passed his neighborhood . And the 33 year-old filmmaker wondered when he would be able to get back to his job at MTV . "  I work in lower Manhattan , I do n't know when the  the trains  are going to run again , " said Daud . " We are just going to hunker down here . We are lucky . The lights are still on . " Millions were not that lucky and were still in the dark , officials said . Another danger was the more than 60 mph wind gusts that were predicted to batter a large number of northeastern states . CNN iReporter Earl Bateman , a stock broker , who has lived in New York for 30 years said he saw something he never saw before Monday . "  We just looked out the window and there 's this river flowing through the middle of Manhattan , " Bateman said . The power was still on in his building but the elevators had stopped working . Not a good thing for a man that lives on the 18th floor . Brooklyn was hard hit also said Borough President Mark Markowitz. , with many without power . "  We have many more hours and many more days of restoring this great city . It is going to take the effort of a all of us collectively to restore this great city , " Markowitz said . In sothern Vermont , Ireporter Caleb Clark said he felt the howling winds and his town was also battered by rain . On Monday , most in his neighborhood in the town of Brattleboro had taken shelter and less than 500 had lost power , Clark said . It was was his son 's Shaw 's 6-month birthday and the family spent it listening to weather reports about downed trees and closed roads . "  Shaw what do you think about this storm ? " the father asked . "  Ba Ba Baaa , " the baby said and then burst into a wide , toothless smile . Little Shaw may have been one of the few smiling as Sandy continues to bear down . CNN 's Tom Watkins , Josh Levs , Jareen Imam , Sarah Brown and Chelsea Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Red Cross reports sheltering more than 3,200 people in nine states Hurricane Sandy wreaks havoc and causes fear along the East Coast Newlyweds are stranded by a scratched flight to their Jamaican honeymoon "  It 's a real extreme event , " one man says as waves cover Asbury Park , New Jersey , jetties
CNN  -- Suspected Al Qaeda militants disguised as security forces launched an explosive assault on the U.S. Embassy in Yemen 's capital , Sanaa , Wednesday killing 10 Yemeni police and civilians , officials said . The attack involved two car bombs , a spokesman for Yemen 's embassy in Washington said . Six attackers , including a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest , were also killed in the attack , Mohammed al-Basha said . There were at least four explosions -- including at least one car bomb -- and sniper fire , a senior State Department official said . Yemeni officials said the first car contained people in police uniforms who exchanged fire with Yemeni security forces , the officials said . The second car exploded after it passed an outermost gate to the Embassy but before it reached a second protective barrier , the officials said . But al-Basha said there were two cars packed with explosives involved in the attack . The heavily fortified compound in the capital of Yemen -- the ancestral home of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden -- has previously been targeted in attacks . Watch the aftermath of the attack " A U.S. official told CNN the attackers initially opened fire outside the embassy 's security gate , then there was the main explosion followed by a secondary explosion . At some point , snipers positioned across the street from the embassy opened fire on Yemeni first responders as they arrived on the scene , the official said . Those killed include six Yemeni policemen and four civilians , he said , noting that the number of wounded is unclear . No U.S. Embassy employees were killed , the official added . However , CNN affilliate WGRZ reported that Ahmed Elbaneh of Lackawanna , New York , said his sister , Susan , 18 , and her new husband died in the attack . Elbaneh said his sister left Lackawanna about a month ago for an arranged marriage and that she had been married for only 30 days . Elbaneh said family members in Yemen told him she was at the embassy translating for her new sister-in-law when the blast occurred . Yemen believes al Qaeda is responsible for the attack , al-Basha said . State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said the the explosions "  bear the hallmarks of an al Qaeda attack . " And Al-Basha said in a statement : "  The government of Yemen considers terrorism as a crime against humanity . It strongly condemns this heinous attack . Whoever else who may have planned , plotted and supported the perpetrators of this terrorist attack will be apprehended and justice will prevail . " Media reports said Islamic Jihad in Yemen -- which is affiliated with al Qaeda -- has claimed responsibility for the attack , but CNN could not independently confirm those reports . The U.S. State Department said it is sending a team of law enforcement and security experts to help in the investigation , spokesman Sean McCormack said . Trev Mason , a British national who lives near the embassy , said he saw "  a massive fireball " near compound . Eyewitness tells of fireball outside embassy " "  We heard the sounds of a heavy gun battle going on , " he told CNN . "  I looked out my window , and we saw the first explosion going off -- a massive fireball very close to the U.S. Embassy . "  The gun battle went on for a further 10 to 15 minutes , followed by two further loud explosions . " The first explosion happened about 9:15 a.m. Wednesday  0615 GMT/2 .15 am ET  and was followed by several secondary blasts , said U.S. Embassy spokesman Ryan Gliha . Gliha describes the aftermath " Gliha was at the embassy at the time of the attack and said he felt the compound shake . "  We were all ordered to assume what we call a duck-and-cover position which is a position where we guard ourselves and bodies from potential debris , " Gliha told CNN . "  From that vantage point , I ca n't tell you much after that except we did feel several explosions after the main explosion that shook the ground . " Al-Basha called it a "  despicable and heinous act " particularly because it took place during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . President Bush condemned the attack , and warned that it is "  a reminder that we are at war with extremists who will murder innocent people to achieve their ideological objectives . " "  One objective ... is they will try to cause the United States to lose our nerve , " he said . "  We want people to be able to live normal lives ; we want mothers to be able to raise their sons and daughters . " A senior State Department official told reporters Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , in a phone call with Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh expressed regret for the loss of Yemeni life but also underscored the need to increase and improve cooperation against terrorism . Witnesses told CNN they heard gunfire , and said they saw ambulances rushing from the scene . The U.S. State Department has warned of violence that it attributes to Islamic extremists in Yemen . It has cited concern "  about possible attacks by extremist individuals or groups against U.S. citizens , facilities , businesses and perceived interests . " The State Department ordered the departure of all non-emergency American staff from the Embassy , along with their family members , in April , after attacks against the Embassy and a residential compound . That order was lifted last month . In March , three mortar rounds landed near the Embassy , injuring Yemeni students at a nearby school and Yemeni government security personnel , the State Department said . The next month , an expatriate residential compound in the Hadda neighborhood was attacked by mortar fire . Suspected extremists fired two mortar rounds toward the Yemen Customs Authority and Italian Embassy in April , as well , but no one was hurt . Authorities in Yemen have been struggling to curb the activities of al Qaeda-linked groups , with militants seen as having free rein outside major cities , says CNN 's International Security Correspondent Paula Newton . Watch Newton analyze the situation in Yemen . " CNN 's Zain Verjee , Caroline Faraj and Mark Bixler contributed to this report Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Militants attack U.S. Embassy in Yemen with car bombs and suicide bomber Attack involved two cars and snipers ; some attackers wore police uniforms Embassy spokesman says 10 Yemen police , civilians killed ; six attackers dead NEW : President Bush : "  A reminder that we are at war with extremists "
The Frisky  -- Even if you 're not going to Fiji or the Maldives , accidentally ending up in a popular honeymooning spot while not actually on your honeymoon is easier than you think , especially with the abundance of all-inclusive deals online . Just because your hotel mates are on a romantic getaway does n't mean they 're not open to company . If watching smooching couples while chilling out with your friends makes you want to puke , no worries . You can still have a blast , even if you 're not traveling with your newly committed soul mate . Relax You probably chose the fantastic place because you found a great deal to an amazing destination  much like your cuddling neighbors  , so take advantage . Hit the spa , do some yoga , swim or make time for the mellow activities that are tough to fit in back home . While you probably wo n't meet the guy of your dreams lying motionless in a mud wrap , you 'll be Zen enough to have a new outlook once your return home . Do n't underestimate the locals  or the ex-patriot There 's nothing better than getting to know a place by hanging out with people who can tell you more than a guidebook about the area 's culture and hidden gems . Have a glass of wine and chat up the bartender  or the person with the best English if you 're abroad  or find out about an area of town where the ex-patriots live . Especially if you 've been away from home for a long time , an American omelet or bagel can keep you smiling . Make friends Just because your hotel mates are using the vacation as a romantic getaway does n't mean that they are not open to meeting others on their travels . There 's a chance you 'll end up chatting with a couple who bores you with the details of their wedding , but you might luck out and make a few friends  who perhaps will save you seats at the breakfast buffet the next morning  . Plan activities Jet skiing , para-gliding , R.V. treks -- take advantage of all the offerings , that way you 'll have fun and burn some of the calories you 've packed on by sipping cocktails on the beach all day . Besides experiencing new things , you may run across others who have unknowingly booked the same Travelocity deal without any romantic intentions . Come prepared With portable board games , books , cards and an unlimited amount of iPod-fueled music , keeping busy in a honeymoon spot can seem a bit like summer camp  but with booze  . Use the time a couple might spend in their room getting busy to work on your Scrabble skills , or catch up on all the new music you 've downloaded but have yet to hear . And if you forgot your iPod , do n't like spas , and ca n't find anyone in the entire city who is n't newly married and in love , you and your travel-mates can always place bets on which honeymooning couple will be the first to break up . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	It 's easy to accidentally wind up in a popular honeymoon spot while traveling Hit the spa , do some yoga or swim , author suggests There 's nothing better than getting to know a place by hanging out with locals Author : Come prepared with board games , iPod music , etc. .
CNN  -- A South Korean couple arrested for allowing their baby to starve to death had been raising an online child , state media reported citing police sources . The couple , residents of a Seoul suburb , allegedly neglected their prematurely born three-month-old daughter , feeding her just once a day in between 12-hour stretches at a neighborhood internet cafe , the official Yonhap news agency reported . Police said the couple had become obsessed with raising a virtual girl character called "  Anima " in "  Prius Online " , a popular role-playing game in South Korea . "  The couple seemed to have lost their will to live a normal life , because they did n't have jobs and gave birth to a premature baby , " said Chung Jin-won , a police officer . "  They indulged themselves in the online game of raising a virtual character so as to escape from reality , which led to the death of their real baby . " Professor Kwak Dae-kyung of Seoul 's Dongguk University told the Yonhap news agency that the couple appeared to have lost track of reality . "  Online game addiction can blur the line between reality and the virtual world . It seems that taking care of their on-line game character erased any sense of guilt they may have had for neglecting their daughter . " Dae-kyung urged the government to prepare measures so that families and neighbors can contact local authorities or hospitals if anyone shows symptoms of online addiction . "  This kind of situation is not a problem that an individual can solve , " he said .	Couple reportedly fed baby daughter just once a day while at Internet cafe Police said couple had become obsessed with role-playing game , state media reported Caring for their online baby erased any sense of guilt , said Professor Kwak Dae-kyung
CNN  -- A British football fan has been shot and wounded in Kyrgyzstan after a local became upset with a group of supporters chanting in a bar . England fans celebrate following victory against Ecuador at the 2006 World Cup finals . The incident took place ahead of England 's World Cup qualifying match away to neighboring Kazakhstan on Saturday . A British Foreign Office spokeswoman said the attack took place in a bar in Bishek on Tuesday . "  The British honorary consul is liaising with those involved and with the local authorities , " she said . Britain 's Sun newspaper reported on Thursday that the local in the bar told the England fan and his friends to stop chanting , and shot him in the thigh with a pistol when they continued . The wounded man is aged in his 30s and is from Rochdale in the north-western county of Lancashire , the paper said . Kyrgyzstan , with a population of more than five million people , is a landlocked nation bordered to the north by Kazakhstan . England will be seeking to maintain a 100 per cent record in the European Group Six qualifier in Almaty , having won all five games so far to be five points ahead of second-placed Croatia .	England supporter shot in the leg in a bar in Kyrgyzstan by an angry local The local was upset by the chanting of the man and his fellow supporters The British Foreign Office says the attack took place in Bishek on Tuesday England will play neighboring Kazakhstan in World Cup qualifier on Saturday
UNITED NATIONS  CNN  -- The United Nations is calling on NATO to do more to stop the Afghan opium trade after a new survey showed how the drug dominates Afghanistan 's economy . Afghan villagers tend to opium poppies in Taliban-controlled Helmand province in April 2007 . The report from the U.N. 's Office on Drugs and Crime shows the export value of this year 's poppy harvest stood at around $ 4 billion , a 29 per cent increase over 2006 . Despite Afghan security forces ' efforts to curb the trade , 660 tons of heroin and morphine were trafficked out of the country in 2007 , the report said . Opium is derived from poppies , and the data on cultivation was collected by examining satellite images and by assessments on the ground . The report said opium has accounted for more than half of Afghanistan 's gross domestic product in 2007 . InvestorWords.com defines GDP as the total market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period of time , usually a calendar year . According to the U.N. survey , about a quarter of the earnings from opium go to farmers . The rest goes to district officials who collect taxes on the crop , to drug traffickers and to the insurgents and warlords who control the trade . Antonio Maria Costa , executive director of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime , urged NATO to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade , which has increased dramatically since the American-led invasion to remove the hard-line Islamist government of the Taliban in October 2001 . "  Since drugs are funding the insurgency , NATO has a self-interest in supporting Afghan forces in destroying drug labs , markets and convoys , " Costa said in a written statement to coincide with the release of the survey . "  Destroy the drug trade and you cut off the Taliban 's main funding source . " James Appathurai , a NATO spokesman , said coalition forces were equally concerned by the rapid growth in the narcotics trade . "  We share the U.N. 's concerns , " Appathurai told CNN . "  Drugs not only poison people , but they poison economies and governments , and it is in everyone 's interest to stop this proliferation . " He said NATO forces were providing assistance to Afghan police through training and transport but he said there were no plans to deploy coalition troops to intervene directly . "  The issue of whether we can do more is certainly a live discussion for NATO , but at the moment this is a matter for the Afghan government , " Appathurai said . Farming of opium poppies has been almost eradicated in the north and west of the country , Appathurai said . However , he said , in the lawless southern provinces and especially in the Taliban stronghold of Helmand , poppy production was going on largely unchecked . According to the report , U.N. observers have noticed a proliferation of heroin labs in neighboring countries and along trafficking routes . Costa said the labs are dependent on precursor chemicals , like acetic anhydride , that must be smuggled into the region . He called for tighter controls in chemical-producing countries and stronger intelligence-sharing between Afghanistan and its neighbors . "  Drug trafficking is a transnational threat , and therefore national initiatives have their limitations , " the U.N. drug chief said . Appathurai said the most effective way to curb the drug trade was tackling the insurgency head-on . He also said it was important to provide alternative work for poor Afghan farmers to encourage them to give up opium production . "  You can not have eradication in isolation . If we do n't give them the support to produce alternative crops , then by wiping out their opium fields , you are only creating enemies for the future , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Study finds opium makes up half of Afghanistan 's gross domestic product Agency pushes NATO forces to attack skyrocketing problem aggressively Drugs funds insurgency ; poppy trade unchecked in Taliban strongholds U.N. drug chief advocates providing income alternative for poppy farmers
CNN Student News  -- Students will learn about political parties in the United States . Procedure Ask students : What is a political party ? What role do political parties play in the U.S. presidential election process ? Point out that although the Democratic and Republican parties currently dominate the political scene , other parties have nominated individuals for president throughout U.S. history . Have students select a political party that has nominated a candidate for president at any point in U.S. history . Students may want to consider parties such as the Libertarian party , the Whig party , the Green party , and the Bull Moose party . Next , hand out copies of the Political Party Profile Worksheet . Direct students to fill in the worksheet , using their textbooks or online resources to research their chosen parties . Using his or her findings , each student should compose a one-minute speech for a presidential candidate from the party . The speech should touch on major points of the party 's history and where it stands on the issues . Extension : Challenge your students to use original video , music , animation and other production elements to create their own "  Talking Democracy " iReports that explain or demonstrate the concept of political parties . The videos should be three minutes or less in length and can be submitted here . The best videos may appear on CNN Student News ! Correlated Standards CIVICS 9-12 Content Standards I . What Are Civic Life , Politics , And Government ? 1 . Defining civic life , politics , and government 2 . Necessity of politics and government III . How Does The Government Established By The Constitution Embody The Purposes , Values , And Principles Of American Democracy ? 14 . Political parties , campaigns , and elections V . What Are The Roles Of The Citizen In American Democracy ? 14 . The relationship between politics and the attainment of individual and public goals 15 . The difference between political and social participation 16 . Forms of political participation 17 . Political leadership and careers in public service 18 . Knowledge and participation The National Standards for Civics and Government  http://www.civiced.org/index.php?page=stds  are published by the Center for Civic Education  http://www.civiced.org/  . Keywords Republican , Democrat , politics , party platforms E-mail to a friend	Students will learn about political parties in the United States
As a polio survivor , World Polio Day is more than a date on the calendar -- it 's a reminder that we can and must end this crippling disease . I grew up in the Kano state of Nigeria and contracted polio at age 3 . This disease often causes paralysis and left me mostly paralyzed and unable to walk . My brothers had to help me move when we traveled long distances ; even traveling to and from school was difficult . Living with polio was not easy when I was younger , but I have found ways to cope and lead an active life . And that has given me a lot of strength . For example , I was very interested in soccer when I was young , and I later went on to found para-soccer , a nationally-recognized soccer-style game for people with disabilities in Nigeria . Why polio has n't gone away yet While polio has not stopped me , I am determined to stop polio . Children today should n't have to go through what I 've been through -- especially when a few drops of the polio vaccine can protect them from the disease . I have committed myself to raising awareness and educating people not just about polio , but about the importance of vaccinations . In fact , to mark World Polio Day in Nigeria , more than 300 polio survivors are actively participating in sporting activities across the country . On an ongoing basis , more than 1,000 survivors are actively campaigning for polio eradication in communities . Empowering people affected by polio will strengthen our campaign against the disease and help spread the message that vaccinating our children is the only way to prevent them from similar fates . At the U.N. , money backs up vow to eradicate polio by 2015 Nigeria is the only polio endemic country in Africa and one of only three remaining countries  the others are Afghanistan and Pakistan  that have not been able to stop the transmission of the disease , according to the World Health Organization . If we fail to end polio in these countries , all other countries are at risk . This contagious disease can be imported , paralyzing children in countries that thought they were done with polio . A recent outbreak in the Horn of Africa is a reminder that we must finish the job . In my country , we must make sure more children are vaccinated and overall immunity is higher , especially in the northern states . Every child that does not get polio drops breaks the circle of protection and exposes him or her and others to contracting the virus . Challenges still exist in Nigeria , especially in reaching children in some communities where security is an issue , like Kano , Borno and Yobe . We are helping to fix this by ensuring local ownership by the government and communities themselves . The good news is that we have made progress against polio in Nigeria and around the world . In Nigeria , the government , partners , and survivors are working hard , and polio cases are down right now compared to this time last year . Globally , polio cases have been reduced by more than 99 percent in the past 25 years . Opinion : Do n't fall at the finish line in the race to eradicate polio Thanks to a worldwide effort of governments and the Global Polio Eradication Initiative , including the United Nations , the number of polio cases has dropped from 350,000 a year in 1988 to just 223 last year , and the number of countries where polio is transmitted has dropped from 125 to 3 , according to the eradication initiative . I look forward to the day Nigeria overcomes the devastation of polio and joins the list of polio-free countries . The Global Polio Eradication Initiative has developed a plan to end polio for good ; now is the time for all of us to support this effort , educate our communities , and make sure our children are vaccinated . On World Polio Day , my wish is that one day we end polio in Nigeria and in the world . I made my dream of playing soccer come true , and I believe we can make this one come true , too .	Misbahu Lawan Didi grew up in Kano state and contracted polio at age 3 Nigeria reported 223 cases of polio last year Didi writes he founded para-soccer in Nigeria and that he always dreamed of playing soccer
CNN  -- In two operations in Africa nearly 3,000 miles apart , U.S. military forces went after two high-value targets over the weekend . One operation took place early Saturday in the Libyan capital of Tripoli , when members of the elite U.S. Army Delta Force captured Abu Anas al Libi , an al Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa . In the second raid , a team of U.S. Navy SEALs in southern Somalia targeted a foreign fighter commander for Al-Shabaab , a terrorist group linked with al Qaeda , according to a senior Obama administration official . Early-morning capture Al Libi , 49 , was returning to his house after morning prayers around 6:30 a.m.  Friday night ET  when a group of at least 10 men in four vehicles surprised him , his wife told CNN . Umm Abdul Rahman said some of the men were wearing masks and some were n't . She said the unmasked men looked like Libyans to her and spoke Arabic with Libyan accents . She could n't say whether the other men were Americans . The capture was over very quickly , she said . She disputed reports that her husband of 22 years was reaching for a gun when he was taken . She said he broke with al Qaeda in 1996 and had no role in the embassy bombings two years later , and he had even tried recently to clear his name . The Saturday operation was conducted with the knowledge of the Libyan government , said one U.S. official . The Pentagon said the U.S. military was holding al Libi in a "  secure location " outside Libya . He eventually will be taken to New York , a source with knowledge of the capture and proceedings told CNN . The Libyan interim government called the U.S. capture a kidnapping and has requested an explanation from Washington about the raid , the country 's state news agency reported Sunday . Libya emphasized its citizens should be tried in Libya if they are facing charges , LANA reported . President Barack Obama approved the two raids , monitored them closely and was updated regularly by homeland security adviser Lisa Monaco and his national security staff , National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden told CNN on Sunday . "  This operation should be a clear reminder that the United States will seek justice against those who would attack Americans , and never forgets those who are victims of terrorism , " the White House said Sunday . And in a written statement Sunday , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the raids "  send a strong message to the world that the United States will spare no effort to hold terrorists accountable , no matter where they hide or how long they evade justice . " "  We will continue to maintain relentless pressure on terrorist groups that threaten our people or our interests , and we will conduct direct action against them , if necessary , that is consistent with our laws and our values , " Hagel said . SEAL Team Six involved in Somalia In the Somalia raid , members of the U.S. Navy 's SEAL Team Six targeted a foreign fighter commander for Al-Shabaab named Ikrima , a senior Obama administration official said Sunday . A Kenyan of Somali origin , Ikrima is associated with now-deceased al Qaeda operatives Harun Fazul and Saleh Nabhan , who played roles in the 1998 embassy bombing in Nairobi and the 2002 attacks on a hotel and airline in Mombasa , all in Kenya , the official said . Al Qaeda claimed responsibility for all three . The Nairobi embassy attack claimed 213 lives and wounded 4,500 people . In the 2002 attacks , three suicide bombers detonated a car bomb outside the Israeli-owned Paradise Hotel in Mombasa , killing the bombers as well as 12 Kenyans and three Israelis . The same morning , a missile attack unsuccessfully targeted an Israeli airliner taking off from Mombasa 's airport . Local residents said the compound targeted by the Americans was the home of Al-Shabaab leader Mukhtar Abu Zubayr , also known as Ahmed Abdi Godane , and an Al-Shabaab spokesman claimed Godane was the target of the attack . SEAL Team Six is the same unit that killed Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in 2011 . The SEALs came under fire and withdrew before they could confirm whether they killed their target , a senior U.S. official said . A second administration official said the commandos withdrew to avoid civilian casualties . The operations were carried out even as polls show Americans are skittish about U.S. military involvement in overseas conflicts . This means others who might be in U.S. crosshairs could have more reason to worry , said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a CNN military analyst . "  One  mission  could have gone without the other , " Francona said . "  But the fact that they did them both , I think , is a real signal that the United States -- no matter how long it takes -- will go after these targets . " Speaking to reporters at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Bali , Indonesia , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the raids ought to make clear that the United States "  will never stop in its effort to hold those accountable who conduct acts of terror . " "  Those members of al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations literally can run , " he said , "  but they ca n't hide . " Al Libi tied to U.S. embassy bombings Al Libi , has been on the radar for years . He was on the FBI 's "  Most Wanted Terrorists " list , with a $ 5 million reward offered for information leading to his arrest or conviction . He is alleged to have played a key role in the August 7 , 1998 , bombings of American embassies in Nairobi , Kenya ; and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . More than 200 people were killed and another 5,000 wounded in the Kenya attack ; 11 died in the Tanzania incident . Al Libi has been indicted on charges of conspiracy to kill U.S. nationals , murder , destruction of American buildings and government property , and destruction of national defense utilities of the United States . As early as December 2010 , Libyan authorities told a United Nations committee that al Libi was living there , even providing a Tripoli address for him . U.S. officials wanted al Libi to face trial in an American court . But , counterterrorism analysts told CNN , he may not have been apprehended at the time because of the delicate security situation in much of Libya . There , ex-jihadists -- especially those who once belonged to the Libyan Islamic Fighters Group -- held considerable sway after the ouster of longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi . "  It 's a huge deal to get him , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson , who has long been covering al Qaeda . "  He 's a big player in al Qaeda  and  he is in one of the key target areas , the north of Africa . " Beyond any psychological impact on the terrorist group , al Libi 's capture could potentially yield a wealth of information about al Qaeda 's plans and capabilities . The terrorist network has shown particular strength of late in Africa . "  Clearly , he may have useful information about the strength of al Qaeda and the Islamists in Libya , " Robertson said . "  He is somebody who is senior within al Qaeda . He was well respected , a good operative . " Al-Shabaab blamed for Kenya mall attack Al-Shabaab long has been a target of Washington as well : It was designated a foreign terrorist organization in 2008 . The group is seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , though it has carried out attacks in other African countries as well . The attack on Nairobi 's Westgate Mall on September 21 thrust Al-Shabaab into the spotlight once again . Washington vowed to support Kenya 's government after the bloody raid , which killed at least 67 people . The Navy SEAL raid on Al-Shabaab took place before dawn Saturday  late Friday night ET  in the southern Somalian port city of Barawe . Abdiaziz Abu Musab , an Al-Shabaab spokesman , said at least one Al-Shabaab fighter was killed in the gunfight . But no U.S. personnel were injured or killed , a U.S. official said . In recent months , Al-Shabaab 's haven in south-central Somalia has been been increasingly squeezed as Kenyan forces fight the group from the south and African Union forces come down from Mogadishu , the Somali capital . At the same time , Al-Shabaab has become even more closely aligned with al Qaeda . The two groups effectively merged last year , said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . "  This is a group that has adopted al Qaeda 's ideology wholesale , " Bergen said . "  The reason they attacked the mall was not only because it was Kenyan , but also because it attracted a fair number of Western businessmen and others living in Nairobi . " ` Most Wanted Terrorist ' al Libi nabbed in native Libya after years tied to al Qaeda U.S. officials : Navy SEALs launch raid on Al-Shabaab leader	The target of the Somalia raid was a commander for Al-Shabaab , an official says The man has ties to one of the 1998 U.S. embassy attacks , the official says Members of the elite U.S. Army Delta Force carried out the Libya raid The al Qaeda operative is accused in the 1998 U.S. embassy bombings
CNN  -- A year after beating breast cancer , Peter Criss , a founding member of the rock band KISS , calls himself "  the luckiest man in the planet . " Peter Criss , now 63 , said getting medical treatment early at the first sign of trouble saved his life . While some men feel embarrassed because of "  this macho crap , " Criss said surviving breast cancer -- yes , men get it , too -- was actually a blessing . He was treated before the tumor could spread and said he 's speaking about male breast cancer now -- during National Breast Cancer Awareness month -- to raise the profile of this rare disease . Criss , who played drums for KISS and was known as "  Catman , " offered this advice to men who spot lumps in their breast : "  Do n't sit around playing Mr. Tough Guy . Do n't say ` It 's going to go away . ' It might not and you might not see life anymore and how beautiful that is . " The 63-year-old musician is now cancer free . Like many others , Criss was n't aware men could get breast cancer . "  Even though we do n't think of men as having breasts , they have breast tissue and are susceptible to getting breast cancer , " said Dr. Sharon Giordano , an associate professor of medicine in the department of breast medical oncology at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston . She is not involved in Criss ' care . "  All men have some residual degree of breast tissue behind the nipples . It may be very small , but just like any part of the body can get cancer , that part of the body can get cancer , " she said . Male cases are rarer than female breast cancer , making up less than 1 percent of total cases . According to the National Cancer Institute , in 2009 an estimated 192,370 women in the United States are expected to receive a diagnosis of breast cancer and about 40,170 are expected to die of the disease . Among men , there will be an estimated 1,910 new cases and 440 deaths . "  So many people must die from this , " Criss said . "  Somebody has to step up to the plate and say something to get them aware of how dangerous this is . Lots of men die : They wait , they do n't go in , they put it off . " Watch Criss ' interview . " Criss joins a small group of men who have spoken publicly about having breast cancer . Several years ago , Richard Roundtree , the actor who played the title role in the 1970s "  Shaft " films , revealed he had breast cancer . Experts say men tend to get a diagnosis at a later stage than women , because they do n't believe they can get breast cancer , and do n't get routine mammograms or breast exams . Take the quiz on breast cancer . " Breast cancer is "  actually easier to find in men for obvious reasons . They develop an asymmetrical lump in their breast , " said Dr. Stanley Waintraub , co-chief of The John Theurer Cancer Center 's division of breast oncology at Hackensack University Medical Center in New Jersey . Men may ignore symptoms , such as lumps , pain in the breast or discharge from the nipples . "  A man has to know , if he has enlarged breasts , a lump , a discharge , just because he 's a man , he is not immune to breast cancer , " Waintraub said . When Criss spotted a painful lump in his left breast after a workout in 2007 , he did n't wait . "  I go to the gym ; I 've been drumming since I was a kid . So I 'm very aware of my body , " he said . "  So when this happened I said , ` Jesus , what 's this thing ? ' " After consulting with his wife , who was battling a different type of cancer at the time , he sought medical attention . Criss had surgery in February 2008 to remove what the doctors thought was a harmless nodule . Later , he learned the nodule was actually breast cancer . "  I flipped out . I just could n't believe it . It 's a nightmare , " he recalled . "  I was angry at everything . I could n't believe I had this . I was a really angry guy for a long time . " Doctors removed the cancer in a March 2008 surgery . Because the cancer had been caught early , Criss did not need breast reconstruction or chemotherapy . The operation left no scars , so his doctor joked that Criss could still take his shirt off to play the drums . Criss responded with a laugh , "  I 'm in my 60s . Those days are over . " Criss sang lead vocal and co-wrote one of KISS ' most famous songs , "  Beth . " He left the band in 1980 . He rejoined the band for a reunion tour in the mid-1990s and stayed on , eventually leaving again in 2004 . He still plays the drums , and has started working on a record and an autobiography . For men , "  because of the lack of awareness , it can be stigmatizing to feel like they have a female disease when they 're a man , " Giordano said . In the sea of pink ribbons , men who have breast cancer may feel isolated . To build a network among them , the John W. Nick Foundation started connecting male breast cancer survivors in 1996 . "  They talk with one another , " said the founder , Nancy Nick , whose father died of the disease . "  It 's the greatest thing for healing . They learn they 're not alone . Second , they learn about protocol and treatment . They can compare their treatments and the care their doctor is giving them . " Criss credits his wife and his Catholic faith for pulling him through the difficult times . Every year , he gets a mammogram ; he had his checkup two weeks ago . "  I left smiling like a Cheshire cat . Now , I 'm coming around , I 'm just so grateful , " he said . The causes of breast cancer remain unknown . But like women , men 's risk of breast cancer increases if they inherit BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene mutations . Criss said he learned that breast cancer ran in his family , so he called his sisters , nieces , daughter and even his brother about possible risks . "  It 's just important -- just go get checked out , " said Criss . "  It 's not like you 're going to lose your manhood . "	Peter Criss , original drummer for KISS , talks about his breast cancer Male breast cancer makes up less than 1 percent of total cases Men tend to be unaware they 're at risk for breast cancer too , doctors warn
CNN  -- Netflix changed the name of its DVD mailing service to "  Qwikster " over the weekend . But the company apparently forgot to consider the Twitter ramifications of the switch . The Twitter handle @Qwikster apparently is n't controlled by Netflix . A guy whose name is listed as Jason Castillo and whose icon on that social network is a cartoon Elmo smoking a joint has been tweeting from that account for months . The comments he makes have absolutely nothing to do with Netflix or Qwikster -- and everything to do with sex and drugs : "  Bored as s -- wan na blaze but at the same time I do n't ugh f -- it where 's the bowl at spark me up lls . " And : "  Do n't bother telling me who my ex is now dating ! Cuzz now I feel bad for the b -- that has my sloppy seconds : " The account , which appears to have been active since April , had more than 600 followers on Monday morning . It 's worth noting that some other big-name Twitter handles are n't owned by the corresponding big-name companies . @Apple , for instance , has only posted two tweets , and appears not to be owned by the gadget maker . The blog TechCrunch rounded up some of the best tweets making fun of the @Qwikster situation : "  Pretty sure @netflix can score that @qwikster twitter handle for a dime bag and some porno mags , " a Twitter user name @mat wrote . Other social media types are offering to help him find a lawyer . Netflix did not respond immediately to a CNN request for comment on the rogue Twitter handle . The company essentially has split its business in two : Its video streaming service will still be called Netflix ; but the DVD-by-mail piece is now dubbed Qwikster .	Netflix changes name of DVD mailing service to Qwikster The @Qwikster Twitter handle is n't owned by Netflix That Twitter user 's icon is a cartoon Elmo smoking a joint It 's unclear if Netflix will try to obtain the account
Narsarsuaq , Greenland  CNN  -- Every year , we hear stories of global warming advancing and the effects that has on the earth 's climate patterns . One phenomenon that is often used to illustrate ice melt in the Arctic is giant icebergs , often the size of whole towns or even small countries , breaking off the ice shield and drifting south . In reality , icebergs constantly break off both the arctic ice shield and Greenland 's inland glaciers , a process that scientists call calving . To find out whether that process is accelerating a CNN crew traveled to southern Greenland , to the small village Narsarsuaq , where the Danish Meteorological Institute  DMI  keep a unique unit of experts . They are called the Ice Patrol and the unit consists of ship navigators and pilots who fly across the south of this vast island to monitor the movement of icebergs , to prevent collisions with cargo ships navigating in the waters around Greenland . "  We keep an eye out for icebergs that are bunched together in narrow waterways , " said ice observer Jane Robertson on an airborne mission around the southern tip of Greenland . While big icebergs can pose a threat to vessels going through here , surprisingly it is smaller ice pieces that are even more dangerous . "  The smaller icebergs are much harder to detect , " Robertson said as she was surveying the ice with her binoculars , "  especially if the icebergs have been traveling in the water a long time they become almost colorless and nearly invisible in the ocean . " Flying over the majestic landscapes of this part of Greenland , observers see a huge amount of icebergs , some almost the size of aircraft carriers and several stories tall , others shaped in a distinctive blue coloring because the air has been pressed out of the ice in its glacial journey . Some experts believe that the glaciers in Greenland are calving at a higher rate as temperatures rise , but the ice observers say their observations are not long term enough to speak of a general trend . "  In the past two years there have been more icebergs here , " Robertson says , "  but then again in the years before there were a lot fewer so it really varies from year to years . " However , other observers point to the fact that Greenland 's glaciers have been receding for years , pointing to increased ice melt in the polar region . But even on fairly clear days it takes an experienced captain to navigate a ship through the waters around Greenland . Robertson is also an officer on the Royal Arctic Line , Greenland 's own shipping company and says it takes years to understand the challenges involved sailing in Greenland . "  When you encounter masses of icebergs you can either try and go through it or you can go around it , " Robertson said . "  In most cases the captain will usually try and go around it if he can because no matter how slow you go and how careful you are there will always be damage to the ship and then the weather can get much worse very quickly and you do n't want to be in a field of icebergs if it does . " Her experience as a ship 's navigator make her so valuable as an ice observer for the DMI , but the everyone in the crew needs to be at the top of their game . Karsten Andsbjerg pilots the helicopter through the fjords and hills in this extremely rugged terrain . A difficult task as he often deals with severe weather while having to make the ride smooth enough for the observers to do their job . "  Yeah , there are some pretty heavy and gusty winds here , " Andsbjerg said shortly after landing at a Danish weather outpost right at the southern tip of Greenland . "  The other thing is that the weather changes so quickly here , you always have to call ahead to all the airfields and weather stations and keep yourself updated . Otherwise you can be in severe weather in no time . " The observers fly missions three times a week if the weather permits . Afterward they file reports on the location of dangerous ice clusters with photos that show vessels what they are in four if they try to get through . The Ice Patrol 's reports are vital and may have already saved lives . The unit was founded after a ship sank off the coast of Greenland in 1959 , killing all crew and passengers on board . The MS Hans Hedtoft disaster is known as the "  Greenlandic Titanic " in this part of the world . Eydun Simonsen , the chief ice observer during CNN 's stay with the unit said : "  Just like the Titanic , it was her maiden voyage . To this day we do n't know exactly what happened , but we do know that she hit an ice berg and sank with all souls on board . She did manage to send an SOS and later some rescue equipment was recovered . " There has n't been a major incident in the waters off Greenland since the ice patrol was founded . Better satellite images and more advanced ships will also have played a role in this improved track record , but there is no doubt that captains navigating the cold and often treacherous water of the Arctic value the detailed and up to date information the observers provide .	CNN 's Fred Pleitgen joins Danish meteorologists as they chart the passage of Greenland icebergs More icebergs have been observed in recent years but experts unsure of long-term trend Observers fly missions three times a week before filing reports on dangerous ice Ice Patrol founded after "  Greenlandic Titanic " sank off the island 's coast in 1959 killing all crew and passengers
CNN  -- The wooden sculptures lining the median of U.S. 90 are among the top tourist attractions on the Mississippi Gulf Coast . Marlin Miller 's live oak sculpture in Biloxi 's Town Green will be dedicated Saturday . They are also a creative tribute to the live oaks that lined the scenic highway before the saltwater surge of Hurricane Katrina killed them at their very roots . After the storm , the Mississippi Department of Transportation began bulldozing the dead trees , much to the chagrin of area residents . Biloxi Mayor A.J. Holloway , one of the coast 's longtime civic leaders , intervened . He contracted to have some of the live oak trunks turned into sculptures . But it would have proved to be a costly venture . Enter Marlin Miller , a wood sculptor from Fort Walton Beach , Florida , who volunteered to create a few live oak sculptures for free -- in part to leave his artistic mark on the Mississippi Gulf Coast , but also as a service to the community . A tree sculpture begins with the transportation department removing all the branches , leaving just the core of the tree . "  I get an idea of what that carving is going to look like , and I go after it with a wide variety of steel chain saws . " Miller said . He works his way down to high speed grinders , sanders and chisels to add the final detail work . "  They 're live oaks , so it 's like carving stone . Sparks fly off my chain saw blades when I go after one of the trees , " Miller said . Some of the trees , which are as much a part of south Mississippi 's heritage as the antebellum homes scattered along the coastline , are estimated to be as much as 500 or 600 years old . Miller 's sculptures along U.S. 90 range from eagles and herons to seahorses and dolphins . He said local governments have never dictated how his carvings should look . In Pass Christian , Miller created what he believes to be the world 's largest eagle wood carving , at 25 feet tall . "  That sculpture is dedicated to Col. Lawrence Roberts , one of the original Tuskegee Airmen , " he said . A recent survey of area tourist attractions by the Harrison County Tourism Commission listed the beaches as the third-most popular attraction and the Beau Rivage Resort and Casino second . Miller 's tree sculptures are first . "  We 've had a lot of traffic diverting off of Interstate 10 , down to U.S. 90 just to see these carvings , " Miller said . On Saturday , one of Miller 's sculptures will be dedicated on the Biloxi Town Green : a 24-foot-tall marlin flying into the sky , three mahi fish jumping to the left , and a sea turtle and a blue crab at the base . It is the only painted tree sculpture of all those lining U.S. 90 . Next on Marlin 's to-do list : an oak tree in the center of Ocean Springs , Mississippi , and one in Gulfport , Mississippi . He also plans to expand the project to downtown New Orleans and parts of North Carolina . "  Instead of just cutting these trees down , " Marlin said , "  we 're going to put new life into them by adding a sculpture . "	Live oaks lined scenic U.S. 90 before Hurricane Katrina destroyed them Florida wood sculptor Marlin Miller has been turning the tree trunks into carvings Miller 's sculptures range from eagles and herons to seahorses and dolphins One of his sculptures will be dedicated on the Biloxi Town Green on Saturday
CNN  -- Gosh , you guys really hate selfie . And we see the hate runs so deep you do n't mean just the images , you mean the word itself . Each year , the overseers of the overwrought phrase usage at Lake Superior State University in Michigan ask the public to send in nominations of words or terms that drive them crazy . Their Department of Words to Be Banished from the Queen 's English for Misuse , Overuse and General Uselessness gets thousands of submissions and then it narrows the list to 13 . Because that 's what we need at the end of the year , a top 10 + list of something ! A quick and totally unscientific search of CNN.com in 2013 reveals three dozen references to selfie , which includes stories about President Obama 's selfie controversy , selfies taken at funerals , selfie tips and the fact that some organization called the Oxford Dictionaries had the nerve to name selfie the global word of the year . And selfie only just became an honest-to-goodness real word . We may not be able to keep people from posting them online , but we can try to get them to use another word . "  A self-snapped picture need not have a name all its own beyond ` photograph . ' It may only be a matter of time before photos of one 's self and a friend will become ` dualies , ' " wrote nominators Lawrence of Coventry , Connecticut , and Ryan of North Andover , Massachusetts . Another critic said the term is full of self-importance . "  Myselfie disparages the word because it 's too selfie-serving , " wrote Lisa of New York City . "  But enough about me , how about yourselfie ? " But the battle between the Lake Superior State folks and the Oxford crew does n't end there . The award-winning "  twerk " also gets the thumbs down from the 39th edition of the banishment list . What is twerking ? I 'm not sure I can accurately capture it in words , so watch this , but quickly . Lisa from New York City comes back strong again . "  I twitch when I hear twerk , for to twerk proves one is a jerk -- or is at least twitching like a jerk . Twerking has brought us to a new low in our lexicon , " she wrote . Some of the phrases were a bit surprising to some of us , but if you insist , I guess it 's time to retire Mister Mom and T-bone , the verb , as in one car T-boned the other . "  While the accident 's layout does , indeed , resemble its namesake cut of beef , we 'd prefer to dispense with the collateral imagery and enjoy a great steak , " the barons of overused phrases wrote . As for Mr. Mom , well , that movie came out 30 years ago  kids , it 's hilarious  , and the idea of a man staying home while a wife works is not so novel any more . "  I am a stay-at-home dad/parent . And if you call me ` Mr. Mom , ' I will punch you in the throat , " said Zachary of East Providence , Rhode Island . We agree , the guy in the movie was a bit clueless about how to care for the little ones and the house . We went over to the Twittersphere to see the reaction to the call for the end of "  Twittersphere . " Apparently many people missed the memo on that  I can use that -- missed the memo has n't made the complete list yet  . Another Internet word to make the 2013 list was the written out or spoken hashtag . The symbol # is fine , apparently . Or maybe not . Read the previous "  banished " words list "  Typed on sites that use them , that 's one thing . When verbally spoken , hashtag-itgetsoldquickly . So , hashtag-knockitoff , " typed Kuahmel of Gardena , California . But Jen from Sault Ste Marie , Michigan , thinks : "  It 's #obnoxious #ridiculous #annoying and I wish it would disappear . " We concur , Jen . #soundslikeagoodidea #notgoingtohappenanytimesoon Sports fans contributed two words -- "  adversity " and "  fan base . " Facebook user Tim Wilcox had an even better idea , getting rid of "  Nation " after every team 's nickname to describe their fans base . And adversity ? In a sporting event ? It means "  a state , condition , or instance of serious or continued difficulty or adverse fortune , " according to Merriam-Webster . "  Facing adversity is working 50 hours a week and still struggling to feed your kids . Facing third and fifteen without your best receiver with tens of millions in the bank , is not , " Kyle of White Lake , Michigan , wrote . Another phrase that likely got its start in sports but leaked into other usage and needs to go is " _______ on steroids " . For instance , it 's like a fast food restaurant on steroids . Wow , it must be , um , great . There were a few huge crises on the planet in 2013 but it 's still here . So the use of " - ageddon " and " - pocalypse " got old quickly . We say there will be no Snowmageddon 2014 . And we pray there is no a global shortage of pork products as the world must avoid using Baconpocalypse , or worse , Aporkcalypse . The list also included two terms associated with politics , or at least with Washington . Intellectually/Morally Bankrupt was one . Cal of Cherry Hill , New Jersey , wondered : "  Are there intellectual creditors ? " And the other was Obamacare , which appears in the media approximately every 3.2 seconds . However , that is easier to fit in a headline or ticker than "  Affordable Care Act . " Just sayin '  Also not banned -- yet  . Which words would you be happy to never , ever hear again ? Let us know in the comments .	Selfies are loathed by many social media users , and the word is , too University in Michigan takes submissions for words that should be banned This is the 39th year for the list , which also includes twerk , Twittersphere this year Obamacare makes the list for its incredibly frequent use in the media
CNN  Ambitious companies that ignore the imminent rise of Virtual Assistants as the gateway to the Internet run the same risks as those that dismissed the disruptive innovations of Google in 1998 . The current generation of VAs are consumer products like Apple Siri , Google Now , Microsoft Cortana . Smaller innovators like Viv Labs are pursuing a less hardware or operating system dependent architecture . In the enterprise marketplace VA capabilities feature in technologies like IBM 's Watson and Amelia from IPsoft . In 2014 , there has been a surge in acquisitions of related artificial intelligence technologies by all the major technology companies . Rapid advancements in the underlying technologies have also been taking place -- from neural networks to natural language processing to wearables and emotional recognition systems . The launch of the first mainstream high-impact VA is perhaps four or five years away . What will a VA do ? VAs will monitor mental and physical well-being , support lifestyle goals and ambitions through suggestions , prompts , and coaching . They will alert you when friends are nearby , translate both language and culture , help you budget or even intervene when you overextend . Just like a guardian or parent , they will advise you to avoid walking down a particular road at night , or tell you to apply sunscreen based on your skin type and sun levels . Many of these technologies currently exist in relative isolation and the power of the VA will be in consolidating all these data points into an integrated user experience . This could be on your phone , your watch , in your car , and in your home . You 'll be able to choose if your VA is like a butler , friend , colleague , slave , or even master . Our research collaboration , Project Virtual Assistant , with global media agency Mindshare focuses on understanding what people really want from the next generation of these services . Our research findings We worked intensely for two months with 12 workshop participants experimenting with the latest technologies . We conducted expert interviews with leaders in the field on the technical , legal , and socio-economic possibilities and implications , and surveyed 1,000 smart phone users in the UK . One clear finding is that every organization in the world needs to prepare now for a VA-infused future that will directly impact internal efficiencies and operations and external branding and growth strategies . Preliminary results from our previous Human Cloud at Work research indicated that wearables increased productivity in the workplace by 8.5 % . Participants were keen to get real-time feedback on the potential correlations between data from their bodies and productivity and performance metrics . VAs will provide the automated opportunity to gather , analyze , and make recommendations from the data from not just one but all of your wearables in real-time . Similar to a football coach , managers will have the ability to put their best employees "  on the field " and make split second decisions on productivity . The VA inside the company , and our heads Internally , VAs will transform organizational behavior , leadership , and talent management . Companies will develop branded VAs supporting organizational culture and productivity . Think of them as super-powered Intranets or enterprise portals providing voice-activated access to training , coaching , assessment , knowledge , and internal communications . Early adopter companies can strategically position themselves as VA proponents . Already 62 % of UK smart phone users say they are ready to integrate VAs into their everyday work lives . Well-being programs are increasingly important in organizational culture , and VAs can help individual employees learn about boosting their productivity and reducing stress in order to reach their rofessional goals and aspirations . VAs will also operate as gateways to business intelligence within a company . Optimizing their design and functionality for the needs of each individual organization will by a key ingredient to job satisfaction , retention , loyalty , and recruitment . VA as disruptor Another important component of the VA will be to disrupt the consumer journey . For example , at the moment firms sell branded painkillers in your local pharmacy for up to 10 times the price of generic painkillers with identical ingredients . These identical products are often right next to each other on the shelf and yet consumers , typically out of brand loyalty and emotional triggers , will buy the branded product . VAs will augment the consumer journey by filling in our behavioral ` black holes ' and protecting us from simple emotional exploitations . Your head and your heart might be telling you to buy the branded product partially because of the successful impact of the brand 's consumer behavior insight , but your VA will automatically reinsert rationality into your decision-making process . Organizations will need to adapt their strategies as technology succeeds in protecting customers from behavioral exploitation where regulatory bodies and self-regulating industries have failed . In 1998 Google search spawned a revolution in the digital economy and fundamentally changed the way we connect with people , products and services . VAs mark the next digital revolution and will have an even more profound impact on our organizations , everyday lives , commerce , interactions , and behaviors . Read more : How mentors make superstars Read more : Mapping the sharing economy Read more : Making scents of disaster	Virtual assistants are the most significant development of the digital revolution Workplaces must adapt and establish working relations with them We will be able to use them in every aspect of our personal lives Leading players Google , Microsoft and Apple are seeking control of this massive new market
CNN  -- Stranded in the unforgiving expanses of Niger 's Sahara Desert after their vehicles broke down , scores of people , almost all of them women and children , slowly died of thirst . The migrants had been trying to reach Algeria , Azaoua Mahaman of the Synergie nongovernmental organization said Thursday . Instead , they died of dehydration , unable to escape the sandy wastes of the Sahel . A total of 92 bodies have been found , Niger security forces told CNN on Thursday . Synergie earlier put the number found at 87 . Many of the bodies were severely decomposed and appeared to have been partially eaten by animals . The travelers were hoping to find a better life for themselves in Algeria , trying to escape the extreme poverty and economic hardships in Niger , said Mahaman . Their story is the latest tragedy to befall migrants trying to leave behind a woeful existence for opportunities elsewhere . Others who have survived the arduous journey from sub-Saharan Africa to the continent 's northern shores have drowned as they tried to cross the Mediterranean in overcrowded boats , with Europe in their sights . For many of Niger 's 16 million or so people , life is not easy . The population is one of the fastest growing in the world , but the large , landlocked country is prone to political instability and natural disasters , according to the World Bank . Droughts , floods and locust infestation all contribute to the country 's chronic food insecurity -- and the poverty rate is one of the highest in the world . The World Bank puts the annual per-capita income at just $ 360 , and the country lies second from bottom in the U.N. 's Human Development Index . Less than 30 % of adults are literate , and life expectancy is only 57.5 years . ` Extremely dry and difficult conditions ' Faced with these tough conditions , many decide to leave . This has turned Niger 's desert north into a major transit area for migrants , according to the International Organization for Migration , and many human smugglers operate there . Algeria and Libya are the final destinations for some travelers , while others seek to reach Europe , said Laura Lungarotti , migrant assistance regional specialist in the IOM 's west and central Africa office in Senegal . Most are from Niger , although others also come from central and western Africa . Once they embark on their journeys , they face "  extremely dry and difficult conditions , " she said . Those who get stranded in the desert face a challenge to survive . Part of the problem is that many would-be migrants are stopped by Algerian or Libyan authorities and are expelled back over the border into Niger 's desert , Lungarotti said . Some of those kicked out are transported directly to two transit centers run by the IOM -- outposts in the desert where the migrants can receive food , water and first aid . Others manage to make their own way there . Despite the dangers , the migrants ' numbers have been increasing since the beginning of this year , Lungarotti said . Over the past 10 months , more than 15,000 from Niger and 1,300 from other countries have reached the two transit centers -- one in Arlit , closer to Algeria , and the other in Dirkou , nearer to the Libyan border . Some who 've made their way back from Libya have told of being held in detention where they suffered harsh treatment , Lungarotti said . Before Libya 's revolution overthrew the regime of strongman Moammar Gadhafi two years ago , many migrants from Niger worked in its construction and agricultural sectors . But the instability forced many out . The recent conflict in northern Mali also sent about 60,000 refugees over the border into Niger , according to the European Community Humanitarian Office , adding to the pressure on its meager resources . 220 km Sahara desert run : ` The toughest race on Earth ' Journalist Ibbo Daddy Abdoulaye in Niger contributed to this report	Bodies of 92 people have been found in the Sahara Desert , say security officials Niger 's northern desert has become a major transit area for migrants , says group The migrants , almost all of them women and children , died of dehydration Niger , one of the poorest countries in the world , has a fast-growing population
Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst canceled a meeting with the Des Moines Register editorial board Thursday , a move that the newspaper 's publisher and president described as "  rare . " Ernst was scheduled to meet with the editorial board Thursday morning and skipped out in a "  last minute " move Wednesday afternoon , Des Moines Register publisher Rick Green confirmed to CNN . "  I think that Iowa voters were cheated because of the fact that she did n't appear and have more of a chance to articulate details on her strategy , vision and long term priorities , " Green said . He said that her absence will "  not be the deciding factor " in which candidate the editorial board chooses to endorse in the race . The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst 's cancellation of the Register in a conference call Thursday afternoon , calling her move a "  major change in strategy for the Ernst campaign . " "  I know she made mistakes recently where she accidentally revealed her extreme positions ... but those are not good reasons to hide from an open conversation to help voters make decisions , " said Sarah Benzing , Braley 's campaign manager . "  It 's one thing to stick with talking points at events . It 's another to sit down with editorial board members and answer tough questions . " The Register endorsed Ernst in her primary election in May . The paper also picked Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in the 2012 presidential contest . A representative from the Ernst campaign did not return CNN 's request for comment on why Ernst did n't attend her meeting , but a campaign spokeswoman mentioned the Register 's editorials , many of which are critical of Ernst , in a statement to POLITICO . "  Recent editorials in the Des Moines Register make their position in this race perfectly clear , " spokeswoman Gretchen Hamel said . "  And it 's one that many voters across our state seem to disagree with . " Ernst , currently an Iowa state senator , is challenging incumbent Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley . The pair is locked in a tight race with a Quinnipiac University poll from Thursday morning showing Ernst leading Braley at 48 percent and 46 percent respectively . Ernst 's two point lead is within the poll 's margin error . Green said the Ernst 's last-minute decision to eschew the editorial board meeting was not unprecedented , but it was rare . "  Candidates do what candidates do , " he said .	Iowa Senate candidate Jodi Ernst skips out on meeting with Des Moines Register The paper 's publisher called the move "  rare , " but said it wo n't affect the paper 's endorsement . Ernst is in a neck-and-neck race with her opponent , Democratic Rep. Bruce Braley . The Braley campaign pounced on Ernst 's cancellation in a conference call Thursday afternoon
CNN  -- A pair of north African delegates addressed the U.N. General Assembly for the first time Saturday , each representing a new government formed after revolution and civil war ousted their respective long-time leaders . From Libya , the executive chairman of the country 's transitional council formally addressed the assembly 's 66th annual session , saying his country was ready to "  redevelop itself " and "  heal its wounds . " Mahmoud Jibril also called for a thaw of Libyan financial assets , frozen during the ongoing conflict between pro and anti-Gadhafi forces . Col. Moammar Gadhafi -- who ruled Libya with near absolute power for more than four decades -- fled from office last month , although pockets of resistance have remained . Jibril 's speech was in stark contrast to a rambling 90-minute address given by the former Libyan leader two years ago in which he criticized the United Nations and the composition of its security council . From Egypt , Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr also addressed the assembly -- the first time an Egyptian delegate has done so representing a post - Mubarak government . Long-time strongman and former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak stepped down in February , handing over power to the military and ending three decades of iron-clad rule following an 18-day popular revolution . In a move that seemed to punctuate recent tensions between Egypt and Israel  rioters stormed the Israeli embassy in Cairo earlier this month  the country 's foreign minister told delegates that Egypt is supportive of a Palestinian U.N. bid for statehood . He added that the Quartet -- representatives from the U.S. , the U.N. , Russia and the European Union -- had failed "  to come up with a balanced vision . " The first week of U.N. debates wrapped up on Saturday as delegates outlined their visions for peace and global security . But one topic remained at the forefront of the annual session : The bid for Palestinian statehood . On Friday , Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas put forth a historic request for full U.N. membership , a move Israel says is premature without direct talks that address its longstanding security concerns . The measure prompted the Quartet to issue a call for renewed talks , after they broke down last year . Their statement Friday outlined a timetable for an Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement to be reached before the end of 2012 , countering any anticipation of immediate change in the region . Abbas told reporters traveling with him Saturday that he would not comment on the Quartet statement before studying it , according to WAFA , the Palestinian Authority news agency . But he added that any proposal that did not include an end to settlement activities and a return to the 1967 borders would not be dealt with . He said there were many last-minute meetings on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly , with diplomats seeking to persuade him to give up his request for Palestinian statehood . "  All these meeting , which were confusing , did not make us change our position because our goal was to deliver the official and humanitarian Palestinian message , " Abbas said . Abbas ' application -- viewed as a largely symbolic gesture because an American veto is all but assured should it come to a vote in the Security Council -- drew applause in the assembly when the Palestinian leader raised the document at the podium . "  Peace will not come through statements and resolutions at the U.N. , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a speech to delegates at the General Assembly earlier this week . "  If it were that easy , it would have been accomplished by now . " The American president said he supports Palestinian statehood , but reiterated a long-standing U.S. position that Israel must be part of the discussions . Israel has described the bid as counterproductive , and has called for an immediate resumption of talks to begin in New York and to be continued in Ramallah and Jerusalem . The Security Council is expected to meet Monday to further discuss the issue . Also Saturday , the international body hosted a mini-summit on drought and famine in the Horn of Africa . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said more than 13 million people in Ethiopia , Kenya , Somalia and Djibouti "  need our help . " He said three-quarters of a million people are "  at imminent risk of starvation " as a result of war , rising food costs and droughts that have continually plagued the region . The mini-summit coincided with a World Bank decision in Washington to boost aid to the region to $ 1.88 billion from more than $ 500 million , the D.C.-based financial institution announced Saturday .	Abbas says he will not comment on Quartet statement Egyptian official says Quartet has failed "  to come up with a balanced vision " for the Palestinian bid Libyan NTC leader calls for his country 's financial assets to be unfrozen The Security Council is expected to meet Monday to discuss statehood request
The opposition Free Syrian Army is turning against foreign fighters in Syria 's civil war , arresting some 200 outsiders with ties to al-Qaeda groups . The FSA had given members of the al-Qaeda-backed Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham , or ISIS , 24 hours to surrender and leave the country , before arresting around 200 of them , spokesman Loauy Mokdad told CNN . "  Now , we repeat that we do n't want any foreign fighters in Syria , " Mokdad said , equating the ISIS fighters with the Syrian regime . "  We do not want any terrorist groups in Syria . We will not allow them to make bases in Syria . " The move comes as infighting between the Free Syrian Army and Islamist groups have threatened to tip the balance among rebel forces toward militant groups and away from more secular brigades . The FSA gave the ISIS an ultimatum and accused the group of killing FSA officers and committing crimes against civilians . "  After six months attempting to hijack our revolution and after they controlled some liberated areas and after they start to force our people to act like Islamic state , we gave so many warnings to them , that 's something not acceptable for us , " Mokdad said . In a sign of the escalating tensions , two Syrian human rights watchdogs claim that Islamic fighters with ISIS executed 30 people in the northern Syrian province of Idlib Saturday . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists , said that the 30 victims were "  field executed " after being kidnapped at checkpoints in the province . The victims included civilians and fighters from rival factions , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . ISIS forces have increasingly come into conflict with FSA fighters and other hard-line anti-Assad factions while attempting to enforce their strict form of Islamic sharia law on areas coming under their control across northern Syria . ISIS on Saturday issued its own ultimatum Saturday , giving the FSA 24 hours to free their prisoners , or they will leave their joint posts with the FSA in Aleppo .	The Free Syrian Army wants to be rid of foreign fighters They arrested about 200 fighters belonging to an al-Qaeda backed group Rights groups say ISIS responsible for executing 30
New York  CNN  -- Police are investigating the slaying of a 32-year-old man in the Greenwich Village neighborhood early Saturday as a hate crime because the gunman made multiple anti-gay comments , they said . It is at least the fourth violent attack in two weeks believed to be motivated by anti-gay bias , police said . The suspect 's anti-gay remarks were noted before the shooting took place , Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said . The man was seen urinating on the street outside a bar before going inside and making anti-gay comments to the bartender and brandishing a silver handgun . A little after midnight , the gunman and two other companions confronted the victim , Marc Carson , and another man he was with on the street . The suspect reportedly made anti-gay remarks and asked them whether they were "  gay wrestlers , " Kelly said . Carson and the other man turned toward the taunts , but backed down and kept walking away . They did n't know it , Kelly said , but the suspect followed them . The gunman confronted the two men again , before shooting Carson in the face , police said . Carson was pronounced dead on arrival at Beth Israel Hospital . Around 4 a.m. , a police officer , responding to a radio alert of the shooting , came across the alleged gunman and apprehended him . The suspect turned over a silver Taurus .38 - caliber six-shot revolver , according to police . Police later identified the suspect as Elliot Morales , 33 . Police said the suspect had forged identification and they used facial recognition technology to determine his true identity . Morales faces a charge of second-degree murder as a hate crime , authorities said . The identities of the suspect 's two companions -- at least one of whom Kelly said left the suspect before the shooting -- are still not known . Kelly said that the killing appeared to be "  a hate crime , a bias crime . " There were no words that would aggravate the situation , and the victim did not know the perpetrator , he said . According to Kelly , there have been 22 bias-motivated events this year . That 's up "  significantly " from 13 this time last year . On May 10 , five men brutally beat two gay men near Madison Square Garden after the couple was denied entry into an after-hours billiards bar , according to Port Authority Police . The victims suffered severe facial injuries . Police were able to arrest two of the five men ; the rest fled the scene . On May 8 , another gay man was assaulted by two men shouting anti-gay slurs as he left a bar in Manhattan 's West Village , New York Police said . There was another attack on gay men on May 5 , outside of Madison Square Garden following a New York Knicks game . One of the victims told CNN affiliate WCBS he believes the attack was n't an isolated incident . "  There is no words to describe the pain , 'cause this was not an attack on us , this was an attack on all of us , " he said . Kelly said authorities do not believe the acts are connected , but the investigations are ongoing . "  It 's not a pattern , " he said , "  but something that concerns us . " Suspect in burnings of Jewish scrolls charged with hate crimes CNN 's Alcione Gonzalez contributed to this report .	Man gunned down on Greenwich Village street Suspect allegedly made anti-gay remarks Bias attacks up significantly , police commissioner says
Usually airline passengers side with flight attendants when it comes to safety , but in the case of a US Airways flight Wednesday night , passengers rallied around a blind man and his guide dog and disembarked en masse . All 35 passengers on US Airways Flight 4384 walked off the plane after Albert Rizzi , a blind man from Long Island , and his dog , Doxy , were escorted off the flight after a heated exchange between Rizzi and a flight attendant about where his dog was placed , according to Rizzi . Although he was first to arrive on the tarmac for the flight from Philadelphia International Airport to MacArthur Airport on Long Island , Rizzi said he and his dog were the last to be seated on the small plane . He was seated in the middle of the back row looking onto the aisle with no seat in front of him for Doxy to lie under . Shortly after boarding , Rizzi said a flight attendant told him the dog would need to go under a seat for safety reasons . Several passengers in Rizzi 's row offered to have the dog lay under their seats , and he was placed under the seat of the woman to his left , according to Rizzi . The plane was then delayed nearly two hours . While the plane was sitting on the runway , Doxy got up to reposition himself a few times , ending up under Rizzi 's seat against the back of the plane , Rizzi said . The flight attendant asked Rizzi to control his dog and keep him underneath his neighbor 's seat , according to Rizzi . After a heated exchange between Rizzi and the flight attendant , the pilot announced the plane would be returning to the gate , Rizzi said . Rizzi and his dog were then escorted off the plane by airport security , according to Rizzi . School opens ` investigation ' after airline kicks students off plane After Rizzi and Doxy were removed from the plane , passengers demanded that the flight attendant be removed from the plane and Rizzi let back on , said passenger Kurt Budke . He said that all 35 passengers banded together in support of Rizzi , and after realizing the passengers would not budge , the pilot announced the flight was canceled . If the flight attendant had tried to make alternate accommodations for Rizzi , Budke believes that the situation could have been avoided completely . "  US Airways is sorry for the inconvenience , and we are looking into the situation to see if it was handled properly , " US Airways spokeswoman Liz Landau said Thursday . She added that the pilot and the flight crew elected to return to the gate due to the safety concerns caused by the actions of the dog and said Rizzi was verbally abusive to the flight attendant . Landau said that the pilot and flight crew did n't feel that it was safe to operate the flight after seeing how upset the customers were at the incident and said that the pilot asked everyone to disembark once it reached the gate . US Airways then provided free buses from the Philadelphia airport to the Long Island airport , Landau said . "  This became the most wonderful experience , out of the most horrible experience . I found that humanity does exist , and people can do the right thing , " Rizzi said , referring to the actions of his fellow passengers . Rizzi said he has not been contacted by US Airways since the incident and is considering legal action . "  They picked the wrong guy to mess with , " Rizzi said . He is active in the blind community and sits on the disability advisory board for Suffolk County , where he resides . Rizzi became blind eight years ago after surviving meningitis and has had Doxy for seven years . Rizzi said Doxy is short for Doxology , meaning "  praise to God " and "  a new beginning . " When they were matched seven years ago , Doxy was just beginning his service as a guide dog and Rizzi was just beginning his life as a blind man .	Albert Rizzi , who is blind , boarded a US Airways flight with guide dog , Doxy Rizzi says he got into a heated exchange with a flight attendant over Doxy 's placement Rizzi and Doxy escorted off the plane ; other passengers followed in support US Airways says it is investigating and that the pilot canceled flight for safety
CNN  -- It 's a good day for Real Madrid . Not only has the 10-time European champion signed World Cup-winning star Toni Kroos , it 's also been named the most valuable sports team on the planet . Kroos , who starred during Germany 's triumph in Brazil which culminated in a 1-0 win over Argentina in Sunday 's final , penned a six-year deal Thursday after his transfer from Bayern Munich was completed in a reported $ 34 million deal . Business magazine Forbes values Real at $ 3.4 billion , more than archrivals Barcelona and English giants Manchester United . It suggests "  Los Blancos " earned $ 78 million for its victorious European Champions League campaign -- Real beat city rival Atletico Madrid in the final -- contributing to an unrivaled total revenue of $ 675 million . Barca , which recently completed the signing of Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez for a reported $ 128 million , is valued at $ 3.2 billion , while 20-time English champion United is worth $ 2.81 billion . The only other European football team in the top 10 is Kroos ' former club Bayern , which is ranked seventh on $ 1.85 billion . Baseball 's New York Yankees is fourth on the list  $ 2.5 billion ,  with fellow Major League Baseball franchise the Los Angeles Dodgers at six with a total worth of $ 2 billion . Four National Football League franchises feature in the top 10 , with the Dallas Cowboys -- valued at $ 2.3 billion -- in fifth . The New England Patriots  $ 1.8 billion ,  Washington Red Skins  $ 1.7 billion  and New York Giants  $ 1.55 billion  are eighth , ninth and 10th respectively .	Real Madrid completes the signing of midfielder Toni Kroos Kroos moves from Bayern Munich after winning the World Cup with Germany Real is ranked by Forbes as the most valuable sports team in the world Barcelona and Manchester United complete and all football top three
CNN  -- The remains found last week on the bank of an Illinois river and near a blue barrel are not those of Stacy Peterson , Illinois state police said Wednesday . Partial skeletal remains were found on the south bank of the Des Plaines River near Channahon , Illinois . Many people speculated that the remains , found near the Des Plaines River less than 30 miles from the homes of Peterson and another missing woman , Lisa Stebic , meant one of their disappearances would be solved . But testing done on the remains showed they belonged to a male , police said . Officials had to conduct further testing on the "  partial skeletal remains , " consisting of a rib cage , spinal column and partial left and right femur , after a preliminary autopsy did not reveal any identifying information . A marine cleanup crew discovered the remains in Channahon , Illinois , last week along with shreds of blue jeans and a small amount of money . Stacy Peterson , 23 when she was last seen in October 2007 , was former police officer Drew Peterson 's fourth wife . They lived in Bolingbrook , Illinois , 20 miles from where the remains were discovered . Her husband has been named a suspect in her disappearance , but he has maintained his innocence , saying she left him for another man . The ex-officer 's stepbrother told police he helped Drew Peterson move a heavy blue barrel shortly after his wife 's disappearance . Police uncover skeletal remains " So when news came that a few days before the remains were discovered a woman named Michelle Williams found a blue barrel in the same area , many people expected Stacy Peterson had been found . Though her case still remains a mystery , her family remains hopeful there will be a solution . Drew Peterson was indicted May 7 on charges he killed his third wife , Kathleen Savio . Savio died while the two were in the midst of a nasty divorce . The death was originally deemed an accident , but authorities took a second look at the case after Stacy Peterson 's disappearance . Drew Peterson has pleaded not guilty . Others had suspected the remains could be those of Lisa Stebic . Channahon is 15 miles from Plainfield , Illinois , where Stebic was last seen in April 2007 . On the day she disappeared , she petitioned a court to have her husband , Craig , evicted from their Plainfield home . Craig Stebic told police he was working in the backyard when his 37-year-old wife left home about 6 p.m. , taking her cell phone and purse . Authorities have said they believe that Lisa Stebic was the victim of foul play and have named Craig Stebic a suspect .	NEW : Testing reveals remains belong to a male , officials say Rib cage , spinal column and partial left femur bones among body parts found Remains found on south bank of Des Plaines River Area is near homes of Stacy Peterson , Lisa Stebic
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs Martin Dempsey sent White House and Pentagon officials scrambling on Tuesday , insisting that the chief military officer 's comments on Capitol Hill do n't contradict President Barack Obama 's pledge to "  not get dragged into another ground war in Iraq " and not put American "  boots on the ground . " The uproar started after Dempsey said that if ISIS retakes the strategically important Mosul Dam in Iraq , he would recommend that some of the 1,700 American forces currently in Iraq could move to the front lines to advise Iraqi troops trying to get the dam back . Those troops would then be advisers in a combat role . "  If we reach the point where I believe our advisers should accompany Iraqi troops on attacks against specific  ISIS  targets , I will recommend that to the President , " Dempsey said during a Senate hearing on Tuesday . White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said Dempsey was just responding to a hypothetical situation . The policy -- no boots on the ground -- remains . "  It 's the responsibility of the President 's military advisers to plan and consider all the wide range of contingencies , " said Earnest . "  It 's also the responsibility of the Commander-in-Chief to set out a clear policy . And the President has been clear about what that policy is . He reiterated it on a number of occasions ... the President does not believe that it would be in the best interest of our national security to deploy American ground troops in a combat role in Iraq and Syria . That policy has not changed . " House leaders lobby wavering colleagues ahead of ISIS vote So what 's the difference ? If 1,700 American forces are already on the ground in Iraq why are n't they considered "  boots on the ground " ? For starters , those 1,700 Americans are n't currently the "  close combat advisers " that Dempsey said he could recommend . Today , advisers are n't supposed to be near combat . "  He was n't talking about specific troops in a combat role on the ground , more advising and assisting at a lower level , " Rear Adm. John Kirby told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . Dempsey also made it clear that U.S. military advisers on the ground are currently in a "  combat advisory role " and "  not participating in direct combat -- and there is "  no intention for them to do so . " But U.S. soldiers are always combat-ready , Dempsey said . "  That 's all we grow . We -- when we bring a young man or woman in the military , they come in to be a combat soldier or a combat Marine ... we do n't bring them in to be anything other than combat capable , " Dempsey said . Retired Lt. Gen. Mark Hertling said he read Obama 's pledge not to put "  boots on the ground " as ensuring no "  large formations of Americans " would enter combat . "  I do n't see Gen. Dempsey -- who I know pretty well -- contradicting the President at all , " Hertling told CNN . Another beheading . What 's the world going to do about ISIS ? But if Obama were to approve putting military advisers in "  close combat roles , " the risk of American casualties would increase -- regardless of whether those troops are firing weapons themselves or advising Iraqi forces who are . That 's because a combat support role can turn into combat "  in a heartbeat , " retired Gen. James "  Spider " Marks said . "  Enemy advances are not distinctive , you could suddenly be in the midst of a really hairy dogfight and you think you 're just refueling trucks , " Marks said . Ultimately the distinction between boots on the ground and troops in advisory roles is semantic , retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona said on CNN . "  Right now we 've got young American men and women putting their lives on the line dropping bombs , " Francona said . "  We 've got people in combat , I think we should just say that . " And Dempsey produced a quick and direct response when Sen. Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma , ranking member of the Armed Services Committee , asked Dempsey whether U.S. pilots dropping bombs over Iraq are in a combat mission and whether the U.S. would "  put boots on the ground " to rescue a downed pilot . "  Yes and yes , " Dempsey confirmed . Inhofe also lasered in on Obama 's "  boots on the ground " distinction later Tuesday in an interview with CNN . "  The President 's just flat not telling the truth . We already have boots on the ground there , " said Inhofe , a chief political antagonist of the White House . "  He knows we 're going to have to have boots on the ground . Let 's just go ahead and face it and admit we 're in a war and you just do n't win a war unless you 're out there fighting . " Who is doing what in the coalition battle against ISIS ? While Dempsey insisted the current strategy is the right one , the top general made it clear that he was n't ruling anything out . Dempsey 's more open position comes after President Obama has faced criticism from Republicans and military strategists for completely shutting the door on ever sending American combat troops to Iraq . "  I would never tell the enemy what I was willing to do or unwilling to do , " House Speaker John Boehner said last week . "  The President has made clear that he does n't want U.S. boots on the ground . Well , somebody 's boots have to be on the ground . " Obama faced similar criticism from Sens. John McCain of Arizona and South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham . And while Obama 's unequivocal statements about combat troops may give ISIS insight into the U.S. military playbook , the President 's statements aim to reassure a war-weary American public . While three-quarters of Americans favor airstrikes against ISIS , 61 % of Americans oppose putting U.S. forces in combat situations in Iraq and Syria , according to a September 8 CNN/ORC poll . But after ordering 475 more military advisers to Iraq , Obama has kicked up the total U.S. military presence in the country to about 1,700 . And the line separating combat troops from military advisers could become more blurred with time , said Julian Zelizer , a history and public affairs professor at Princeton University . And American casualties could push the U.S. to ramp up the military effort in Iraq . "  Whenever you put someone in danger overseas whether they 're fighting or advising , it gives the potential to get bigger , " Zelizer said . "  Any war can expand into something much greater , you just ca n't predict how it will unfold . " American casualties could tip the balance , he said , noting that the current escalation came shortly after two American journalists were beheaded by ISIS in a video posted online . "  You can imagine the same thing happening with two people who are serving directly the U.S. government , " Zelizer said . How many more Western captives is ISIS holding ?	Gen. Dempsey goes to Capitol Hill , makes remarks that have White House scrambling The Joint Chiefs chairman talks about military advisers in Iraq The point could come when advisers would go with Iraqi troops attacking ISIS , he said White House says he was talking hypothetically -- Obama 's no boots on the ground remains
Makhachkala , Dagestan  CNN  -- At least four people are dead and 44 are injured after two bombs exploded Monday in Russia 's volatile North Caucasus region , the Ministry of Health 's website says . Thirty-one of the injured were hospitalized , it says . The incident -- which occurred in Makhachkala , capital of the semi-autonomous republic of Dagestan -- also caused significant damage . Security officials say they believe law enforcement officers may have been the target because the explosion occurred outside a local marshal 's building . One car bomb was discovered by a police patrol , who called in a unit to defuse it . Before that could be done , the bomb went off , but the explosion was minor , security officials said . Then , as a crowd of people gathered , a second , more powerful device detonated , causing the casualties . An Islamic insurgency has taken hold in the North Caucasus and there is a strong presence of Islamic militants fighting Moscow 's rule . READ MORE : Dagestan violence kills at least 5 Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev -- the suspects in the Boston Marathon terror attack last month -- had ties with the region . The brothers are ethnic Chechens who lived in Kyrgyzstan and Dagestan . Authorities who 've been investigating how the brothers became radicalized are interested in a trip Tamerlan Tsarnaev took to Dagestan last year . Russian authorities asked U.S. officials to investigate Tsarnaev before the trip , saying they believed he was becoming increasingly involved with radical Islam . The FBI investigated , but found no evidence of extremist activity , FBI Director Robert Mueller told a Senate committee . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is in custody . His older brother died after a shootout with police just outside Boston days after the bombing . READ MORE : Keys to Boston attack could lie half a world away in restive region of Russia Russia has been on edge over militant activity and its security forces announced on Monday that they foiled a terror attack planned for Moscow . A spokesman at the National Anti-Terror Committee said security forces killed two militants and detained another . All three are described as Russian citizens trained in Afghanistan and Pakistan , he said . Security forces conducted their operation in the Orekhovo-Zuevo region of the Moscow suburbs . "  They were planning a terror attack in Moscow , " the spokesman said . No civilians were injured during the operation , but one Federal Security Service officer was wounded , state news agency Ria Novosti reported , citing an unnamed security source . The source said the attack was planned for central Moscow . Former Chechen rebel : ' I have nothing to do with ' Boston bombings CNN 's Alla Eschenko contributed to this report	Two bombs exploded outside a local marshal 's building , the Ministry of Health says The first explosion was minor ; the second went off as a crowd gathered The Boston Marathon bombing suspects hail from the North Caucasus In Moscow , security forces say a terror plot is foiled
CNN  -- He may not have started from the top of the mountain but it was still a dream downhill for Patrick Kueng as he skied to victory at the World Cup event in Wengen . The course at the Swiss Alpine resort is renowned as the longest downhill course on the World Cup calendar at 4.4 kilometers  2.12 miles  long but high winds Saturday meant the skiers had to start their runs lower down the slope . Victory still tasted sweet for Switzerland 's Kueng , who beat Austrian Hannes Reichelt and Norwegian Aksel Lund Svindal with a time of one minute 32.66 seconds . "  Since I was a kid , I 've been watching this race , " the 30-year-old told reporters . "  My first dream was to race it and my second dream was to win it . "  In 2006 I had a terrible accident in which I broke one leg and broke the ankle in my other leg . I ended up in a wheelchair and my thoughts did turn to quitting . "  It was a very tough time , but when I decided to continue , it was nothing but 100 per cent . Eventually I got a World Cup spot and now I 'm here ! " Keung has never represented Switzerland at a Winter Olympics and is hoping that two World Cup victories this season will be enough to book his place on the plane to the Sochi Games next month . American Ted Ligety , a 2006 Olympic gold medallist in the combined , tuned up for his next tilt at the Games with a decisive victory in the super-combined in Wengen Friday . The 29-year-old clocked a combined total of two minute 44.74 seconds in the slalom and downhill . "  It 's good to get this win , definitely , " Ligety said . "  Hopefully it will change the momentum for me . "  I 've finally won a combined . I 've won the Olympics and world championships but I have n't won a World Cup before and it 's nice to get that . " Ligety is third in the overall World Cup standings behind leader Svindal and Austrian Marcel Hirscher .	Patrick Kueng wins first downhill World Cup race on home soil in Switzerland The famous long course at Wengen had to be shortened because of high winds Kueng said he had thought of quitting skiing after a terrible accident in 2006 American Ted Ligety tunes up for 2014 Winter Olympics with combined win
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Fighting raged on along the turbulent Thai-Cambodian border Friday , one day after a military source said local commanders from both sides had agreed to a cease-fire . Thai military spokesman Col. Sansern Kawekumnerd said Friday that another Thai soldier died and four soldiers were injured in the fighting . At least six Thai soldiers and one civilian have been killed in the clashes that started last week . Cambodia has said three of its troops have been killed in the fighting . The cease-fire agreed upon Thursday was forged at the unit commander level but not at the higher levels of the militaries , a Thai military source said . The source , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak publicly , had said if peace persisted , higher-ranking commanders might meet on Friday . The commanders would be Thailand 's 2nd Region commander , Lt. Gen Tawatchai Samutsakorn , and Lt. Gen. Chea Mon , Cambodia 's 5th Army Region commander . Cambodia 's government spokesman could not be reached for comment . Clashes between the two started April 22 as both sides accused each other of trying to seize ancient temples . Thailand calls the temples Ta Kwai and Ta Muen , while Cambodia calls them Ta Krabey and Ta Moan . Much of the border between the two countries remains in dispute . Both sides claim the disputed temples are in their country . Indonesia has offered to provide observers to the border area and help both sides resolve the crisis diplomatically . Thai Foreign Minister Kasit Piromya met with Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa in Jakarta , Indonesia , on Thursday . Indonesia holds the chair of the the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . Natalegawa also said Thailand welcomes the deployment of an Indonesian observer team to the disputed area . This idea was first agreed upon in an emergency meeting of ASEAN 's Foreign Ministers in February , also in Jakarta . The observers have not been deployed , after Thailand later stated their presence was not needed . "  I just want to reassure that Thailand will work very earnestly and in a very serious manner with Indonesia in the role of Indonesia as a great facilitator , " the Thai foreign minister said . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has urged both nations to pursue "  an effective and verifiable cease-fire . " In February , fighting flared up along another disputed border area between the two nations , prompting the U.N. Security Council to issue a statement calling on both sides to implement a cease-fire . Those clashes stemmed from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . Both Cambodia and Thailand lay claim to the temple , which sits atop a cliff on Cambodian soil but has its most accessible entrance on the Thai side . CNN 's Kocha Olarn and Kathy Quiano contributed to this report	A Thai military spokesman says another soldier died from the clashes Military source : Unit-level commanders agreed to a cease fire Thursday Ancient temples are at the core of the dispute Indonesia offers to help resolve the crisis
CNN  -- Mahesh Bhupathi is best known in tennis for his many successes as a doubles specialist , but now he 's playing a new role -- that of a double agent . The 37-year-old Indian veteran is still a professional on the ATP Tour , winning his latest doubles title in Dubai earlier this month , but also acts as manager to two of India 's brightest tennis hopes through his company Globosport . And with a host of Bollywood film stars also featuring in the firm 's portfolio , Bhupathi has a ready-made route to success once his career on court comes to an end . Bhupathi , who cites entrepreneurs such as Virgin boss Richard Branson and telecoms mogul Sunil Mittal as businessmen he looks up to , has recently made his screen debut in one of his company 's latest projects . His wife , Lara Dutta , is an award-winning actress and was named Miss Universe in 2000 . When he does hang up his racket , the first player from India to win a grand slam title -- Bhupathi now has 11 all in doubles formats -- aims to mix the glitz and glamor of Bollywood with a plan to boost the prospects of burgeoning tennis talent in the country . "  All of us growing up are aware what support it takes to build a tennis player , " he told CNN 's Open Court show . "  I do n't think there 's any dearth of talent in India -- we 've always had the best juniors in the world . "  The big transition is how do you get from the juniors to the seniors , and that comes through financial support . "  In the West the kids have coaches , trainers and a pretty robust support staff , so it takes a lot of money . "  We have one kid we are supporting fulltime now . He 's 14 years old and very talented , so hopefully we can make it to where we help more and more kids and eventually there will be a pipeline of players coming out of the country . " Outside of cricket , whose stars are worshiped in India , Bhupathi is one of the country 's best known sporting figures . He has a clean sweep of grand slam titles in the mixed doubles , claiming his first crown at the French Open in 1997 with Japanese partner Rika Hiraki , and can also boast four men 's doubles titles to boot . At January 's Australian Open he partnered compatriot Rohan Bopanna -- with whom he recently won the Dubai Open title -- but they were knocked out in round three . Yet it is his partnership with another Indian player , Leander Paes , that has reaped dividends . They have won three men 's doubles titles together -- at the French Open in 1999 and 2001 as well as Wimbledon in 1999 . Even with a career that is still in full swing , Bhupathi also acts as agent to Sania Mirza -- the first Indian woman to break into the world 's top 30 players -- and Somdev Devvarman , who reached a high of 62 in the men 's rankings last year . "  For me it 's two fulltime jobs so I 've got to put in more work , but I really enjoy doing what I do , " he explained . "  Sania was one of our first clients , I think we signed her when she was 15 . "  The tennis part of it is easy for me because I 'm on the road , I 'm networked into the tennis world , so doing her racket and apparel , this is very easy as I 'm there on site . "  I 'm aware tennis is n't going to last forever , and this going to be a smooth and natural transition now because Golobosport is eight years old . " But though Bollywood is beckoning , Bhupathi insists his eyes are still firmly fixed on court for now .	Mahesh Bhupathi has won 11 grand slam doubles titles in his tennis career The 37-year-old also has his own sports management company Globosport Bhupathi still plays doubles on the tour but is also agent to other tennis pros Globosport manages a host of Indian sport stars as well as Bollywood actors
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- The final runoff of Egypt 's first free elections in recent memory has ended and the result is clear : Islamist parties have swept the popular vote . Should the international community worry ? In every Arab country where popular uprisings have pushed dictators out of power , Islamist parties have become the most powerful political force . That has caused anxiety among progressive Arabs and a great deal of confusion in the West . After all , the uprisings that were optimistically labeled the "  Arab Spring " were supposed to herald a blossoming of freedom , democracy and equality . Do Islamist parties believe in freedom , democracy and equality ? If you ask them , you will hear a symphony of reassurances and contradictions , punctuated by an occasionally jarring declaration , as when Egypt 's Salafi Nour Party proclaimed that "  democracy is heresy . " If there were a surprise in Egypt 's parliamentary elections , it was the strong showing of the ultraconservative Salafis , who would like to turn the social clock back by several centuries and return to the rules that governed Muslim lands in the days of the Prophet Muhammad , about 1300 years ago . The Salafists have proposed banning women and Christians from holding office , ending alcohol sales and cutting off the hands of thieves . They call Christians and Jews "  infidels . " The other electoral surprise , in Egypt and elsewhere in the Arab world , is just how badly liberal groups -- the ones who launched the uprisings and embrace the kind of democracy we would recognize in the West -- fared at the polls . The Freedom and Justice Party of the Muslim Brotherhood came on top in Egypt 's latest election , taking about 40 % of the vote . The Salafis came in second with about 25 % . This means that Islamist parties captured a whopping two-thirds of the vote . The winners will form Egypt 's first democratically-elected parliament , which will choose the people who write the country 's new constitution . The Salafis ' extreme views have helped the Brotherhood look moderate , which is exactly the image they want to project to the West . Leaders of parties affiliated with or inspired by Egypt 's Muslim Brotherhood who have won elections in Tunisia and even in Morocco , where King Mohamed VI allowed elections to prevent an uprising , say they support democratic principles . When speaking to the Western media , they have especially tried to send out a reassuring message . But occasionally they have slipped up . In fact , the Muslim Brotherhood is still trying to sort out where it stands on many issues . A case in point is the peace treaty with Israel . The group has said it has no intention of revoking the treaty . But a few days ago , the deputy leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , Rashad Bayumi , told the newspaper Al Hayat that the Brotherhood would never recognize Israel , is not committed to the peace treaty and would take steps to change it . At the moment , liberal Egyptian activists are more focused on how to wrest power from the military . But , assuming that battle succeeds , their attention will turn to what an Islamist government would mean . Both the Salafis and the Brotherhood acknowledge plans to impose Sharia , the traditional Islamic law . The difference is that Salafis want to do it immediately . The Muslim Brotherhood , which has learned patience during decades of operating underground , says it will bring it back gradually , over many years . It was n't very long ago the Muslim Brotherhood declared it would not allow a Christian to become president . About 10 % of Egyptians are Coptic Christians , who have endured brutal attacks since the uprising that ended the dictatorship of Hosni Mubarak . But the Muslim Brotherhood has been steadily toning down its rhetoric . Throughout the region , the long-time leaders of Islamist organizations , which had been banned by regimes often supported by the U.S. and its European allies , are emerging as powerful politicians trying to convince the rest of the world to trust them . Countries like Egypt , Tunisia and Morocco , all need Western tourists and their hard currency . The last thing they want is to spook investors and worsen their already dire economies . In the West , some are convinced that this turn of events spells disaster . They do n't believe the Islamists ' claims to moderation and think they are biding their time and will eventually show their true , radical colors . After all , the Muslim Brotherhood has deep extremist roots . One of the major figures in the organization 's history , Sayid Qutb , had a passionate hatred of the U.S. and the West . His views on the Jews fed the worst anti-Semitic conspiracy theories among his followers . It 's hard to imagine all of this has suddenly evaporated . And yet , the Brotherhood also has a strong pragmatic streak . While it is true that it provided the ideological fuel for al Qaeda and for the Gama'a al-Islamiya and Islamic Jihad -- the group that assassinated Egyptian President Anwar Sadat as punishment for making peace with Israel -- it is also true that these terrorist groups emerged after the Muslim Brotherhood renounced violence . So , what do Islamists really hope to accomplish ? Washington does n't need to wait for an answer to that question before it starts responding to this uncertain situation . In fact , it can already start helping to shape the future of the Arab world by strongly promoting the ideals it supports . The Egyptian people have not studied democracy the way Americans or Europeans have . President Obama and his counterparts in other liberal democracies should help explain the West 's vision of democratic principles and tolerance . They should talk about how democracy does not just mean majority rule ; it also means protection of minorities , equality for women and for people of all religions . It means rule of law and an independent judiciary . The West should make clear that those leaders who help preserve peace and build that vision of society in the emerging Arab democracies will have its support while those who do n't will not have its backing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Islamist parties in Egypt swept the popular vote in the latest round of parliamentary elections Frida Ghitis asks whether the international community should worry Some of the Islamists are still trying to sort out where they stand on many issues Ghitis : U.S. can help shape Arab world by promoting democratic ideals
The so-called war on women that Democrats love to talk about on the campaign trail may be losing some of its luster . The attack line -- aimed at painting Republicans as out of sync with women on contraception , abortion and other issues -- is n't resonating like in 2012 , when Democrats hurled it at the GOP with a devastating effect . Instead , Republicans have improved their standing among women during this election cycle , narrowing the gender gap in key races that could decide control of the Senate . The dynamic reflects the painstaking efforts among Republicans to avoid the mistakes of 2012 . This time around , there are n't any candidates talking about "  legitimate rape " or "  binders full of women . " And the GOP put up strong female candidates in states like Iowa and Michigan , making it harder for Democrats to attack them as opposed to the interests of women . The strategy seems to be paying off . "  The gender gap is smaller when Republicans do n't make mistakes , " said Jennifer Lawless , director of the Women and Politics Institute at American University . "  Republicans this time have managed to neutralize their deficiencies in this area so the war on women rhetoric does not resonate so much . " Terry O'Neill , president of the National Organization for Women , said Republicans are riding a "  perfect storm " in Senate races in red states as they enjoy the knock-on effect of national factors like Ebola and ISIS , which have overshadowed social issues . "  They have learned their lessons from 2012 , " she said . Still , Democrats are n't toning down the rhetoric . An attack ad by Democratic Sen. Mark Udall warns that the only place his opponent Cory Gardner will take Colorado women is backwards , and accused him of waging an "  eight year crusade that would ban birth control . " Another Udall spot features a female gynecologist and obstetrician complaining that Gardner sponsored harsh anti-abortion laws . The barrage has prompted Republicans backing Gardner to brand Udall "  Senator Uterus " -- a phrase that was even picked up by a moderator in a Colorado Senate debate this month . Despite the attacks , polls show abortion and contraception are not decisive issues in their tight race -- reflecting data that shows the core Democratic constituency of young unmarried women often tune out the mid-terms . In a Quinnipiac University poll last week , women picked Udall by 45 % to 41 % . But men back Gardner by 51 % to 38 % giving the Republican a five point lead in the race overall . It 's a similar story in Arkansas , where the incumbent Mark Pryor is tied or just behind among women with Republican Tom Cotton , but is down about 15 points or more among men . The Democrat launched a "  Women for Pryor " tour through the state this month , and has put up YouTube videos slamming Cotton for "  insulting " views on women . In June , a Pryor ad featured a woman identified as "  Courtney "  who asked "  Who is this guy and what has he got against women ? " In Iowa , Republicans are savoring the strong showing of Joni Ernst , who leads Democrat Bruce Braley despite assaults on her position on abortion , which she opposes . Ernst , a Harley-Davidson riding Army veteran has built a tough political persona after turning around her campaign in an ad in which she spoke of castrating hogs on an Iowa farm . Recent polls reveal a "  reverse gender gap " as the male candidate Braley leads the female Ernst among women but trails further behind among men . Ernst knew what was coming : "  soon we 'll be hearing about the war on women , " she predicted after winning her primary , and warned Democrats she knows what real war is like . Terri Lynn Land , a Republican Senate candidate in Michigan , also went on the offensive . "  As a woman , I might know a little bit more about women than Gary Peters , " Land said in an ad , as she sat in a living room and sipped from a coffee cup . In Kentucky , Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell showcased his wife , former Labor Secretary Elaine Chao as he parried claims by Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes that he is anti-women . In a new McConnell ad this week , young women hammer Grimes with the message : "  She thinks I will vote for the candidate who looks like me , rather than the one who represents me . " In the latest Bluegrass Poll for the Courier-Journal , McConnell is in a statistical tie with Grimes among women voters while maintaining a one point lead overall . Republicans have not closed the gender gap everywhere . And where they are struggling , the Democratic focus on women 's economic issues may be the reason . WATCH : These nerds can elect anyone In North Carolina , Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan slammed her Republican foe Thom Tillis for branding federal equal pay legislation a "  gimmick . " Her lead among women was 11 percent in a margin-of-error race , according to a Survey USA poll last week . Hillary Clinton , the former secretary of state and potential 2016 presidential contender , hit women 's issues hard when she campaigned with Hagan in Charlotte on Saturday , beseeching an 1,800 strong crowd to reach out to "  every single woman . " "  Women 's rights are the canary in the coal mine . If you do n't protect women 's rights here at home and around the world , everybody 's rights are lost , " Clinton said . In Georgia , Democrat Michelle Nunn highlighted workplace fairness to widen her attack on Republican David Perdue 's business record . A new CNN poll released Friday put her lead among women voters at a gaping 18 percent . In each of these races , the rhetoric aimed at women is often more focused on pocketbook issues as opposed to the more hot-button subjects of abortion and contraception . Debbie Walsh , director of the Center for Women and Politics at Rutgers University , said women voters may simply not be seeing enough from Democrats to get them out to vote . There 's a paradox here . Obama 's low approval ratings are dragging down vulnerable Democrats . But the fact he 's not in the national spotlight drawing a clear choice on women 's issues with an opponent like Romney is making it more difficult to crystallize the arguments . "  The bigger challenge that the Democrats are facing this time may or may not be about whether the Republicans are appealing more to women -- but the Democrats are not inspiring or turning out the women , " said Walsh . While Republicans may be doing better -- it 's too early to say that they are winning back what will be a decisive demographic in 2016 . In the 2010 midterms . the gender gap was smaller than usual in many races but the party fell back again when the White House was on the ballot . Republican prospects may also suffer if Democrats nominate Clinton , a candidate with historic possibility even for some women who may otherwise balk at voting for Democrats . "  Her mere presence signifies the women 's issue , " said Lawless . And sometimes , Republican rhetoric towards women still seems a little dated . In a digital ad aimed at young women this month , the College National Republican Committee compared picking out a gubernatorial candidate to choosing a wedding gown . The Democratic Governors Association said that proved Republicans "  still have no idea how to communicate with women voters . "	Democratic rhetoric aimed at women is n't resonating as well as it did in 2012 Republicans are avoiding the mistakes they made with women in 2012 The GOP is putting up strong female candidates in states like Iowa and Michigan
Nogales , Mexico  CNN  -- In the push to free an American woman from a Mexican prison , a video shown in court Thursday could be key . The security camera footage shows Yanira Maldonado and her husband boarding a bus in Mexico last week . They are carrying a purse , two blankets and two bottles of water . It 's an everyday scene that plays out at bus stations around the world . But in this case , defense attorney Francisco Benitez argues that the images are a crucial piece of evidence . Why ? Because nothing they 're carrying , he argues , could hold the amount of marijuana that Yanira Maldonado is accused of smuggling . Maldonado , a Mormon mother of seven , has been in a Mexican jail for more than a week . Authorities accuse her of trying to smuggle 12 pounds of marijuana under a bus seat . She has maintained her innocence , and the case has drawn widespread media coverage and attention from U.S. lawmakers as family members push for her freedom . The revelation of the video comes at a key juncture in the case . A Mexican judge must decide by Friday whether there 's enough evidence to charge Maldonado with drug trafficking . If she 's not charged , Maldonado must be released , Benitez said . The video footage shown in court Thursday suggests that someone else brought the marijuana aboard the bus , the lawyer said . The packages of marijuana allegedly recovered from under Maldonado 's seat would not have fit in her purse , Benitez said . Maldonado 's attorneys also presented documents that show that she and her husband , Gary , have no criminal records in the United States , Benitez said . Word that the surveillance video had been shown in court was a big relief , Gary Maldonado told reporters Thursday night . "  That was the key that would help us prove her innocence , " he said . Prosecutors ' efforts to say the drugs could be hidden inside the blankets wo n't win the day , he said . "  It showed right on the film clear as day there 's no way you could carry 12 pounds or 5.7 kilos with one arm . You could see me fold the blankets curled up , " he said . The Mexican military officials who arrested Maldonado have n't made their case yet in court . The soldiers were scheduled to appear Wednesday but did n't show . Maldonado 's family denies the charges and are optimistic the case against her is crumbling . Mexican authorities arrested Maldonado on May 22 as she and her husband were on their way back to Arizona . Gary Maldonado said he believes Mexican soldiers at the checkpoint wanted a bribe . A Mexican state official also told CNN it appears that Maldonado was framed . A regional office of Mexico 's defense ministry said troops conducting a routine investigation stopped the bus Maldonado was riding in and found 12.5 pounds  5.7 kilograms  of a substance that appeared to be marijuana under her seat . Troops turned the case over to the Mexican attorney general 's office , the defense ministry said . Maldonado is being housed in a women 's prison in Nogales while authorities decide her fate . In an interview Wednesday with CNN , Maldonado said she has been turning to Scripture to survive the ordeal . "  Reading the Scriptures , reading the Book of Mormon , praying , fasting , " Maldonado said . "  And all the support that I 've been getting from my family , my husband , my children and everybody out there reaching out to help . " Family members ' tearful pleas for her release have drawn widespread media attention to the case and caught the attention of U.S. officials . "  I am watching this very , very closely , " said Rep. Matt Salmon , R-Arizona . "  After the hearing tomorrow , if I have concerns , I may end up having to go to Mexico myself and get involved in this thing personally . " Salmon said he 's spoken about the case with the U.S. ambassador to Mexico and Mexico 's ambassador in Washington . "  This case gets stranger by the minute , " Salmon said , "  and I think most Americans as they 've been watching it unfold have a lot of concerns . " Salmon said witnesses ' testimony that Maldonado was only carrying a purse when she got on the bus is among the details that caught his attention . "  What concerns me more than anything is that I want to make sure justice is met . I want to make sure that she is treated with every courtesy and fairness that we would expect in our own judicial system , " he said . State Department officials said consular officials met with Maldonado Wednesday and last Friday , and are in regular contact by phone . U.S. diplomats are doing the same things they usually would when a U.S. citizen is arrested in a foreign country , but maybe to a higher degree because of the high-profile nature of the case , a senior administration official said . On Thursday night , Gary Maldonado said his wife was in good spirits . "  She was in a good mood , " he said . "  She feels like she was going to get out , since we have the evidence that proves her innocence . " CNN 's Christine Theodorou , Casey Wian , Elise Labott and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : Yanira Maldonado 's husband says the video evidence is "  clear as day " Her lawyer says security camera footage is crucial evidence Maldonado is accused of smuggling drugs on a bus A judge has until Friday to decide whether to press formal charges
London  CNN  -- So finally , after long drawn out negotiations , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy seem to have reached some consensus on the recapitalization of European banks . However , they are unable to give us the blueprint of the agreement until the end of the month , just ahead of the G20 meeting in Cannes in early November . And it is not yet clear if the other 15 eurozone member countries will agree on the plans . This is nail-biting stuff -- the world really does not have time to wait . This financial crisis is more to do with the strength and stability of the banks than it has to do with Greece or any other philandering economy . If the banks are well capitalized , then the storm can be ridden through . But the longer the European Union takes to make decisions about sovereign debt the more damaged the banks will become . The strong banks will want to attract fresh private capital and the weak will be reliant of public and taxpayers ' money . It has become increasingly clear is that there are far too many banks in Europe . This crisis provides a classic opportunity to cut the number of banks by at least 30 % . The EU should use its powers to force distressed banks into the arms of those banks with solid balance sheets . Clients and customers of banks not capable of meeting their financial obligations due to the toxic state of their balance sheets must be protected , with their assets and liabilities being transferred to safe havens -- regardless of the potential damage to existing shareholders . Beyond Greece , banks in Italy and Spain are in need of rationalization because of the respective size of their economies . For instance , the assets of the vulnerable cajas must be swept up by the four main Spanish banks . In Germany there are also far too many landesbanks , or savings banks . Some are very strong , but there are plenty which have no place independently going forward . Quick action will restore confidence . The model used by the UK government to protect the customers of Bradford & Bingley should probably be adopted as the norm in the next few years . If a bank 's situation looks dire it should be closed and the business dissolved into : "  The First Bank in Boot Hill . " The banking industry is likely to look totally different in 10 years time . The large banks will be focused on corporate and investment banking and investment management , and retail banking will be dominated by large cash rich companies . Look at General Electric -- it has a decent banking base . Why could n't the likes of Tesco , Vodafone , and even Apple provide the best banking services imaginable ? These companies ' attention to the analysis of customer relations management is superb . They understand the nuances and foibles of retailer better than any other sector by a country mile . Surely our money would be very safe in these very competent hands ? This may not happen soon , but it 's possible in the future . Meanwhile , Belgian 's government has agreed to pay â ‚ ¬ 4.5 billion for the retail banking business of Dexia bank , a dominant municipality lender . Belgium , France and Luxembourg leaders have drawn up a guarantee for Dexia 's interbank and bond funding , of up to â ‚ ¬ 90 billion over 10 years . The markets are now waiting for results from other banks , including JPMorgan 's on Thursday . Next week , Goldman Sachs will be in the spotlight . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Buik	The German and French leaders seem to have reached some consensus on European banks ' recapitalization But there is no clarity around the plan , and the world does not have time to wait There are too many banks in Europe , and the weak ones should be swept up , or fail
EL PASO , Texas  CNN  -- CNN Hero Maria Ruiz has been changing the lives of children and their families in Juarez , Mexico , for more than 12 years . But lately , it 's been Ruiz 's own life that 's been changing . Crews prepare to demolish Maria Ruiz 's home as part of ABC 's "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition . " In November , "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " honored Ruiz for crossing the Texas border to Juarez several times a week to deliver food , clothing and toys to impoverished children and their families . Months later , Ruiz and her family received another surprise , courtesy of ABC 's "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition . " Ruiz , her husband and their two children were sent on a five-day vacation to the Bahamas while thousands of volunteers built the family a custom-designed home . "  When Ty Pennington came to our home and said , ` Ruiz family , come on out , ' we all just ran out and could n't believe that we were chosen , " Ruiz said . "  It 's a blessing to us , but we were n't expecting all of this at all , and it has been overwhelming . " Pennington is the host of "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition , " which selected Ruiz and her family from thousands of applicants throughout Texas . Pennington said the idea was to give Ruiz what she needed most : the tools to do more . Watch Ruiz and her family react to their new home " In addition to bringing supplies to the people of Juarez , Ruiz and her family are completing construction of a complex there , which includes a community kitchen , an orphanage and a trade school . Read more about Ruiz 's work In order to devote their time to the Juarez community , the family put construction of their own home on hold in 1996 , Ruiz said , leaving many parts unfinished . They were also using much of their living space as a warehouse for all of the donations for the Juarez families , she said . "  A home is somewhere you can go after a long day 's work and relax and where the family can get together and be able to sit down and talk about our day , " Ruiz said . "  When we had the things in the living room , we could n't do that there . " Upon returning from the Bahamas , Ruiz and her family were surrounded by thousands of volunteers and community members who blocked them from seeing the changes by the show 's large bus . After chanting the show 's coined phrase -- "  Move that bus ! " -- Ruiz and her family were introduced to their new home . "  For us , it is a new beginning , and it 's going to change our lives , " Ruiz said . With her new home , Ruiz will be able to continue -- and even expand -- her family 's work for those in need . According to Executive Producer Anthony Dominici , both an additional kitchen and storage space were built in the new home for Ruiz . And "  through the generosity of the community , " enough donations of food , clothes and toys were collected to fill a 20-foot shipping container and a 16-foot cube truck -- including more than 75,000 cans of food , Dominici said . "  That 's the whole point here , " Pennington said . "  To give her what she needs to make her life easier to literally spread dreams and hope to people who have absolutely none of either one of those . " For Ruiz , it 's about teaching young minds so they can in turn give back to their community . "  If you teach them and train them as a child and they go out and do the same , we would live in a much better world . " "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " introduced Ruiz to the world when it premiered on Thanksgiving on the global networks of CNN . Actress Selena Gomez introduced and presented Ruiz with her CNN Hero award . Each of the top 10 CNN Heroes also received $ 25,000 . Watch Ruiz accept her CNN Hero Award " Nominations for 2009 CNN Heroes opened January 1 and can be submitted at www.CNN.com/Heroes . The Ruiz family episode of "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition " is scheduled to air March 15 .	Thousands of volunteers rebuilt CNN Hero Maria Ruiz 's home for ABC show CNN had honored Ruiz for bringing food and supplies to poor children in Mexico Finishing construction on her home had taken a back seat to her charitable work New home will be revealed March 15 on "  Extreme Makeover : Home Edition "
With much of the business and financial world waiting nervously for the results of new elections in Greece , young people on the streets of Athens on Thursday sounded more concerned about the hardships the Greek people are facing than the international consequences of their upcoming vote . Clara Kalemi , 18 , said her father had been unemployed for two years . "  Finally he got a job but with a very low salary . We ca n't afford this , " she said . University student Romans Eksarhos said he and his classmates have little to look forward to . "  We ca n't do anything ; we do n't have any hope for our lives , " he said . "  We know that we are going to finish university , get our degree , maybe our Ph.D. , and we are going to work for 300 euros " a month . That 's about $ 380 . A temporary Greek government took office Thursday as the country wrestles with a political crisis that sprang from the country 's inability to pay its debts . Greece is heading toward new elections next month , with polls suggesting a narrow victory for a radical leftist party that wants to tear up an international loan agreement which forced the government to make deep budget cuts . That possibility has sent ripples of fear through markets in Europe , Asia and the United States as analysts worry that it could ultimately lead to the collapse of the European Union 's currency -- an event an expert predicted Thursday could cost up to $ 1 trillion . Ratings agency Fitch cut Greece 's long-term credit rating from B - to CCC Thursday , only one notch above default level , reflecting worries over its ability to remain in the euro currency zone . "  The downgrade of Greece 's sovereign ratings reflects the heightened risk that Greece may not be able to sustain its membership of Economic and Monetary Union , " Fitch said . "  In the event that the new general elections scheduled for 17 June fail to produce a government with a mandate to continue with the EU-IMF programme of fiscal austerity and structural reform , an exit of Greece from EMU would be probable . " IMF is the International Monetary Fund Alexis Tsipras , the leader of the Syriza party , leads in polls ahead of the June 17 election . On Thursday he urged the public to support him . Read Tsipras equate austerity with ` hell ' "  People will conquer fear . They will not succumb ; they will not be blackmailed , " he said , accusing the parties that made the international loan agreement of "  irresponsible scare-mongering . " The Centre for Economics Business and Research in London , meanwhile , issued a stark warning Thursday . "  The end of the euro in its current form is certain but will be traumatic , " predicted the CEBR 's Douglas McWilliams . He estimated that the "  immensely painful " breakdown of the currency used by 17 countries would cost a minimum of $ 300 million . The European Central Bank said Wednesday it had stopped providing cheap money to some Greek banks after Greeks pulled about 800 million euros  $ 1 billion  in savings out of the banking system on Monday . It would not say which banks it had cut off , forcing them to turn to the Greek Central Bank for more expensive loans . The Hellenic Hotel Federation , meanwhile , said tourism revenue was plummeting . Hotel reservations have dropped 30 % to 50 % in different parts of the country , the trade group said . Greek voters punished the major parties at the polls earlier this month for the harsh budget cuts imposed by the country 's international lenders . The election left no party able to form a government , creating deep uncertainty about Greece 's ability to continue to meet the terms of its bailout package and therefore its debt obligations . The political deadlock is leading to concerns that Greece will not have a functioning government in place when it needs to make critical debt payments next month , which could in turn jeopardize its place in the eurozone , the group of 17 European Union countries that use the euro currency . And a crisis could quickly spread beyond Greece , one analyst warned . "  If Greece exits the euro it wo n't be alone . Others will exit , " said Paul Donovan , a global economist with UBS bank . "  There would be bank runs across multiple countries , " he predicted . "  Citigroup , for example , may not be exposed to Greece , but it may be exposed to Portugal , Spain , France . ... It may be exposed to a company that 's exposed to France or exposed to exports to EU . " In a worst-case scenario , he said , "  you 're talking about widespread defaults in the corporate sector as well as the sovereign sector . It becomes very problematic . " European leaders were united Wednesday in saying they want to help Greece stay in the euro . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she is working to keep Greece in the eurozone "  Europe needs to show solidarity and help , particularly with growth , unemployment and development , " she said . Merkel , a champion of forcing governments to balance their budgets in order to promote stable economic growth in Europe , said she regrets the suffering of the Greek people in the face of harsh government budget cuts . "  It 's very bitter , obviously , " she said of the austerity measures that have left some Greeks struggling to pay for food or utilities . But , she said , "  Sacrifices had to be made . ... I think these are necessary measures that had to be taken . " The European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund have been pumping money into Greece to keep the country in the euro and able to pay its debts , but they have demanded that the Greek government slash spending to get the funds .	Ratings agency Fitch downgrades Greece 's long-term credit rating "  We do n't have any hope for our lives , " a university student says The European Central Bank stops providing cheap loans to some Greek banks Greece 's political instability raises doubt about whether it will stay in the eurozone
Mashable  -- The fabled PlayStation Phone has finally surfaced , and it is definitely packing Google 's Android OS . A few months ago , rumors surfaced about the existence of a PlayStation Phone , a hybrid mobile and gaming device with a 5-megapixel camera , 1 GHz Snapdragon processor , slide-out gaming pad and the Android Gingerbread OS . While those reports contained several details concerning the device , there was n't much in terms of proof . Now Engadget has delivered strong evidence that the device exists . The technology blog has posted a series of crisp pictures of the device , and unless someone went to extreme lengths to create a false prototype , it looks legitimate to us . Engadget reports that the PlayStation Phone sports 512 MB of RAM , 1 GB of ROM and a 1GHz Qualcomm MSM8655 Snapdragon chip . It includes a multitouch touchpad , trigger buttons and microSD card support . The device is being built by Sony Ericsson . The Android-based gaming phone is still a prototype according to the report , so it 's unlikely to arrive before the holidays ; we 'd bet on a Q1 or Q2 2011 release . We 're itching to get our hands one of of these bad boys . We want to find out if the PlayStation Phone can make Android into a gaming powerhouse on par with the iPhone , or whether the device will go the way of the N-Gage . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Rumors have surfaced about the existence of a PlayStation Phone Engadget says the device is being built by Sony Ericsson and is packing Google 's Android OS The phone is a hybrid mobile and gaming device with a 5-megapixel camera
CNN  -- Formula One team Williams has announced an increase in profits for the first half of 2011 . Despite enduring their worst season on the track , Williams Grand Prix Holdings recorded pre-tax profits were up 37 % from $ 2.07 million to $ 2.7 million while turnover rose 5 % from $ 71.8 million to $ 75.5 million . "  Our core business has performed in line with expectations , with greater costs incurred in the first half , " Williams chairman Adam Parr said , the BBC web site reported . "  We have made several senior new appointments in engineering and aerodynamics , bolstering both our team devoted to improving track-side performance , and supporting our Jaguar Land Rover partnership , " Parr added , the BBC web site reported . Williams founder and team principal , Frank Williams said the results built on the foundations laid in 2010 while highlighting "  momentum in our diversified growth . " "  We have upgraded and extended existing partners , whilst our new partnership with Jaguar Land Rover was followed by an exciting alliance announced with Renault  who now provide their engines  , which will further strengthen our medium-term performance both on and off the track , " Williams said , the UK 's Press Association reported .	Williams team profits rise from $ 2.07 million to $ 2.7 million in first half of 2011 Team principal , Frank Williams says growth highlights "  momentum and "  diversified growth . "
Tokyo  CNN  Japanese Crown Prince Naruhito celebrated his 55th birthday by weighing in on the current controversies swirling around Japan 's wartime past . At a news conference on February 23rd , Naruhito stated , "  I myself did not experience the war ... but I think that it is important today , when memories of the war are fading , to look back humbly on the past and correctly pass on the tragic experiences and history Japan pursued from the generation which experienced the war to those without direct knowledge . " His remarks might seem unobjectionable , but in the oblique and abstract lexicon of the Imperial Household Agency , he has fired shots across the bow of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his fellow revisionists . The Imperial Household almost never strays into political affairs due to constitutional constraints , but Emperor Akihito has on occasion stretched his tether to its limits , and when he has done so it has always been to repudiate right-wingers who prefer to think they are acting in his name . It appears that his son is letting it be known that the Imperial Household remains steadfast on the issue of war responsibility , following up his father 's similar rebuke at the beginning of January . Prince Naruhito 's remarks were in response to a question regarding the 70th anniversary of the end of WWII in August this year , and comes amid feverish speculation about what Abe intends to include and exclude from his pending statement on that occasion . So when the prince talks about the need for humility and correctness in assessing wartime Japan , and passing on the lessons of that tragedy to future generations , many Japanese understand his ineffable message calling on Abe to tread carefully . It is for us pundits to say what he ca n't : "  Humbly " means not glorifying this inglorious past , while "  correctly " means not ignoring all the evidence of Japanese aggression and war crimes . Future generations , in his view , deserve to understand all that went wrong instead of the chest-thumping , valorizing revisionist history favored by the reactionaries who hold political power in Japan . Given Abe 's woeful track record on history , this pointed reminder is useful and also demonstrates that Naruhito is ready to take on a bigger role when it is time to do so , and that he plans to continue Emperor Akihito 's reconciliation activism . Recently , tabloid conservatives questioned whether he was up to the job so this may be a riposte to his critics . The problem about interpreting the utterances of Japan 's royals is that bureaucrats vet everything they say , and the wording of statements is intentionally ambiguous to provide plausible deniability . The deliberately veiled vagueness , however , can not disguise the symbolism of the royals expressing their unease about wartime history two months in a row precisely at a time when Abe is under intensified scrutiny . This unprecedented double rebuke is not a coincidence . Ironically , they both obliquely censure military aggression during the reign of Emperor Hirohito , Naruhito 's grandfather , while Abe frequently invokes his own grandfather , Nobusuke Kishi , as an inspiration . This is jarring given that Kishi was a "  Class A " war crimes suspect -- although never indicted or even tried -- for his record of mobilizing forced labor in Manchuria and prominent role as Minister of Munitions from 1941-45 . Abe recently appointed a committee of advisers to provide input on his 70th anniversary statement . Their views wo n't really matter , but it is politically useful that Abe is at least going through the motions of asking the opinion of other eminent people even though none of them is remotely likely to challenge his revisionist views . The Japanese media is riveted by Abe 's vacillating remarks regarding the content of the forthcoming statement because the implications are potentially explosive for regional relations . Beijing and Seoul will carefully scrutinize his words for any sign of backsliding on war responsibility and expressions of remorse . Washington has also made it clear that Abe will undermine U.S. relations if he does n't come clean on war guilt . Abe thus faces tremendous international pressure to swallow his deeply felt views on the wartime issue , but domestic opinion is more divided . Under Abe there has been a resurgence of jingoistic nationalism -- rightwing extremists have become emboldened , attacking the liberal press , threatening journalists and academics , and engaging in hate speech targeting Japan 's ethnic Korean minority . They have done so with virtual impunity . Abe 's core constituencies are eager to see him redeem the unredeemable and members of reactionary groups such as Nippon Kaigi  dubbed Japan 's Tea Party  and the Association of Shinto Shrines dominate his cabinet , and share his views on history and shaking off the shackles of the past . In defiance of majority public opinion , they also support his security agenda of boosting defense cooperation with the U.S. and eliminating constitutional curbs on Japan 's military forces . The gathering forces of darkness apparent in Abe 's Japan are troubling to the nation 's friends and allies because they are incrementally eroding the foundations of liberal democracy . Against this backdrop , Japan 's besieged liberals welcome the moral support given by Emperor Akihito and Crown Prince Naruhito . But will the royal reproaches matter ? Since the 1995 Murayama Statement commemorating the 50th anniversary of WWII 's end , all Japanese leaders have dutifully repeated then-Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama 's heartfelt apology and expression of remorse . This statement has thus become a benchmark against which the Abe Statement will be judged . Murayama , 89 , recently reassured South Korean leaders that Abe would uphold his statement , but doubts linger because Abe has been evasive and waffling about what he plans to say . He has said he will generally uphold the statement , but this provides room for caveats and ellipses . It is precisely his disputing of the historical details that lands Abe in hot water as he questions what the term aggression means , quibbles about the level of coercion used in recruiting comfort women and in January expressed outrage about what he deems inaccurate accounts of the comfort women in a U.S. history textbook . The Imperial Household understands that Abe risks undermining Japan 's dignity and isolating it from neighbors and allies . By expressing their concerns about war memory , both royals seek to steer Japan back onto the course of reconciliation and a brighter future . In doing so they provide political cover for Abe to disappoint his jingoistic supporters and make the right call on the past .	Japan 's crown prince urges subjects to "  look back humbly on the past and correctly pass on the tragic experiences and history " of WWII Comments have been taken as a rebuke to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , often seen as a revisionist Abe will soon make a statement regarding the Second World War 's 70th anniversary Anything but conciliatory language in Abe 's statement could be potentially explosive for regional relations
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two former Kabul Bank executives accused in a scheme that siphoned hundreds of millions of dollars now face years in prison and massive fines . Investigators say the scheme cheated ordinary people 's savings out of Kabul Bank in a case of "  fraudulent lending and embezzlement . " Former Chief Executive Officer Khalilullah Ferozi was sentenced to five years and ordered to pay $ 530 million to a recovery fund to help the fraud victims , prosecutor Nasrrullah Hemad said Tuesday . Former Kabul Bank Chairman Sherkhan Farnood was also sentenced to five years and must pay $ 278 million to the fund . The scandal that engulfed Kabul Bank has severely damaged the reputation of the Western approach to banking that it embodied in Afghanistan , one of the least developed countries in the world . The bank was meant to provide a transparent way for Afghan government employees -- soldiers , teachers and police officers -- to receive and retain their salaries without the age-old fear of corrupt superiors confiscating the money . Nineteen others face sentences of between six months and four years , Hemad said Tuesday . The sentences can be appealed . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	Two former Kabul Bank officials are sentenced to five years in prison They must pay $ 278 million and $ 530 million to a recovery fund for victims 19 others face sentences of between six months and four years The bank was intended to help alleviate concerns about corruption
