CNN  -- A quick look at Japan 's nuclear industry and the problems faced at three plants since Friday 's massive earthquake off northern Honshu , as compiled by the CNN Wire : NATIONWIDE Japan 's electric power companies run 54 nuclear reactors , with two under construction , at 17 power plants , according to figures from the International Atomic Energy , the U.N. nuclear watchdog . They produced more than 280,000 gigawatt-hours of electricity in 2010 -- about 30 percent of Japan 's total electricity generation . Most Japanese plants -- including the three facing emergencies since the earthquake -- use boiling-water reactors , in which water circulated through the reactor is converted to steam and used to drive a generator . Most U.S. reactors and about 40 percent of Japan 's are pressurized-water reactors , in which reactor coolant is kept separate from the steam used to drive generators . Both types are far different than the Soviet design involved in the 1986 Chernobyl disaster , a reactor model now considered unsafe by the international nuclear industry . In addition , the Chernobyl plant lacked the kind of reinforced steel-and-concrete containment structure that U.S. and Japanese regulators require . Tokyo Electric Power Company is the largest of the nine utilities that operate Japan 's nuclear plants and runs the two plants affected by Friday 's quake . In 2002 , its president , vice president and chairman resigned after a scandal in which TEPCO was accused of falsifying safety repair records in 29 cases . The company instituted reforms in September 2002 in an attempt to restore public confidence . FUKUSHIMA DAIICHI The plant with the worst reported problems is TEPCO 's Fukushima Daiichi , about 65 km  40 miles  south of Sendai . Three of the plant 's six reactors had already been shut down for inspection at the time of the quake , but two of the three that were in service at the time have been damaged , the utility said . An explosion caused by hydrogen buildup Saturday blew the roof off the No. 1 reactor 's containment structure and injured four workers , but the reactor was not reported to have sustained damage . Workers have been pouring a mixture of seawater and boron into the No. 1 and No. 3 reactors in what experts have called a last-ditch attempt to prevent a meltdown -- a catastrophic failure of the reactor core , with a potential for widespread radiation release . Japanese nuclear regulators have said there is a "  possibility " that at least a partial meltdown already has occurred in the reactors . The government has evacuated more than 200,000 residents from homes within a 20-km  12.5-mile  radius of the plant and tested 160 people for radiation exposure , authorities said Sunday . The six units at Fukushima Daiichi went into service between 1970 and 1979 . FUKUSHIMA DAINI Japanese authorities have detected cooling-system problems at TEPCO 's Fukushima Daini plant , but have not expressed any concerns about possible meltdowns there . Nevertheless , those living within a 10-km radius of Fukushima Daini were ordered to evacuate as a precaution . TEPCO reported that cooling systems the three operational units at Fukushima Daini failed after the quake , but the IAEA , citing Japanese authorities , reported that all three had power Sunday afternoon . TEPCO reported one fatality at the plant . A crane operator who had been trapped at an operating console in the plant 's exhaust stack was pronounced dead Saturday , the company reported . Fukushima Daini is about 80 km south of Sendai . The plant 's four reactors went online between 1981 and 1987 . ONAGAWA Japanese officials declared an emergency Sunday at the Onagawa nuclear plant after finding radiation levels above allowed levels in the surrounding area . However , radiation levels had dropped to normal levels by early Monday , and the "  current assumption " of Japanese authorities is that the increased radiation levels may have been caused by material released from Fukushima Daiichi , according to the IAEA . The plant reported smoke in a turbine house after Friday 's earthquake , but Japan has told the IAEA that the three reactors at Onagawa are under control . Onagawa is about 70 km north of Sendai . It is owned by the Tohoku Electric Company , and its three reactors entered service between 1983 and 2001 . Reactor No. 2 was shut down for a five-month inspection in November , according to the company .	Japan 's electric power companies run 54 nuclear reactors at 17 power plants They produced more than 280,000 gigawatt-hours of electricity in 2010 Most Japanese plants -- including the three facing emergencies -- use boiling-water reactors
CNN  -- Canadian authorities are investigating reports that debris fell Monday from a troubled airliner and caused damage to vehicles in southern Ontario . The incident centers on Air Canada Flight 001 , which took off from Toronto at 2:10 p.m. ET , destined for Tokyo 's Narita Airport , with 318 passengers and 16 crew members aboard . One of the Boeing 777 aircraft 's engines shut down after takeoff , prompting the flight crew to follow "  standard procedure " and return to Toronto Pearson International Airport , said Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzpatrick . The crew requested an emergency landing , which Fitzpatrick said was standard because it gives certain planes first priority , though he also noted the aircraft involved is designed to run on a single engine if necessary . The plane landed normally , and passengers returned to the gate , according to Fitzpatrick . Constable George Tudos , spokesman for police in the regional municipality of Peel , said the aircraft returned to Toronto 's airport at 3:53 p.m. . Yet more than an hour before that , around 2:30 p.m. , people began reporting seeing smoke , and one spotted what may have been debris coming from a large airliner , according to the spokesman . Peel Regional Police ended up receiving several calls from people reporting vehicles had been damaged by things that plunged from the sky , said Tudos . As of about 4:30 p.m. , three to five such vehicles were being investigated for damage . Sarabjit Sandhu told CNN affiliate CP24 that she and her husband had just gotten gas at a Petro-Canada station in Mississauga when they "  heard a big noise , a bump , like boom . " "  The first thing I said  was  , ` Oh my God , what is this ? ' " Sandhu said . A number of vehicles around the parking lot were damaged , including a Nissan Altima with its back window shattered to pieces while its owner was inside the gas station 's convenience store . Pieces of gray , heavy material littered the scene , according to CP24 . "  It was so hot you could n't even touch it , " Sandhu said of the material . No injuries have been reported on the plane or on the ground , added the spokesman . Fitzpatrick , the Air Canada spokesman , noted around 5 p.m. that there had been "  no confirmation at this time " that debris had fallen from his company 's plane . "  There will be a full investigation into this incident , as there always is , and that will determine what happened , " said Fitzpatrick . Tudos , the Peel police spokesman , said officials from the national transportation agency Transport Canada are investigating . "  Transport Canada will follow up with the company to ensure compliance with safety regulations , " agency spokesman Kelly James told CNN on Monday by e-mail . "  The department will not hesitate to take immediate action if safety issues are identified . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Todd Sperry and Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	NEW : A woman whose car was hit says the debris was "  so hot you could n't even touch it " Police note witness reports of smoke and possible debris coming off of an airplane Several vehicles were damaged by mysterious debris seemingly from the sky , police say An Air Canada spokesman says there 's "  no confirmation " yet anything came from its plane
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican is overhauling its rules on how it handles accusations of sexual abuse by priests , it said Monday , without giving any details . The powerful Catholic Church body that handles such allegations has been working on updating the 2001 rules "  for some time , " the Vatican said . It published a new summary of its procedures on sexual abuse cases Monday , as it fights the perception that it has tried to hush up abuse in the past . The summary said the overhaul is taking place . The church has been badly shaken by allegations of widespread child abuse by clergy in deeply Catholic Ireland , and hundreds of people who say they were abused have come forward in Germany , Austria and the Netherlands . Internal Catholic Church documents have surfaced in the United States which critics say link Pope Benedict XVI personally to attempts to cover up abuse . The Vatican says the letters in question , about a Wisconsin priest accused of molesting hundreds of deaf boys over two decades , were not written to Rome until long after the abuse took place . The one-page document published Monday outlines the official steps diocese should take if a priest is accused of abuse , how to escalate complaints to Rome , and possible punishments for those found guilty . It does not appear to contain new guidance -- only to consolidate existing practices into one document . It is designed primarily to help the media understand Church procedures , Father Ciro Benedettini of the Vatican press office told CNN . The summary , produced by the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , says local diocese "  investigate every allegation of sexual abuse of a minor by a cleric . " If the allegation "  has a semblance of truth , " the local diocese refers it to the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith . Local diocese should also report the allegations to the appropriate civil authorities if local law requires , the guidelines say . The pope was head of the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith , as Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger , before being enthroned as Benedict XVI in 2005 .	Vatican publishes new summary of procedures on sexual abuse cases Church been badly shaken by allegations of widespread child abuse by clergy Vatican has denied allegations Pope Benedict XVI was involved in cover-ups
CNN  -- Arsenal overturned a two-goal deficit to beat Hull City 3-2 after extra time in the FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday . Aaron Ramsey 's strike in the 109th-minute sealed an 11th victory in England 's premier cup competition and a first trophy in nine years for Arsene Wenger 's side . Unfancied Hull , who were playing in their first FA Cup final , raced into a 2-0 lead in a frantic opening to the match . In the fourth minute , James Chester redirected a Tom Huddlestone volley shot past Arsenal goalkeeper Lukasz Fabiański . Five minutes later Curtis Davies found the back of the net again , side-footing home after the Polish keeper had deflected Alex Bruce 's header onto the post . Santi Cazorla halved the deficit with a superbly taken free-kick in the 17th minute , but Wenger 's side remained second best for the remainder of the half as Hull successfully disrupted the north Londoner 's usually fluent passing game . Steve Bruce 's men continued to frustrate Arsenal who were becoming more potent in open play , but it was another set piece that ended up unlocking Hull 's defense -- Laurent Koscielny turning the ball in from a corner kick in the 71st minute . Deadlock ensued for the remainder of normal time but as the game moved into the first extra period , it was Arsenal who grew in stature as Hull 's players wilted . Aaron Ramsey finally delivered the killer blow , firing a low shot past goalkeeper Allan McGregor to send Arsenal ahead for the first time in the match . As the clock ticked down Hull searched gamely for an equalizer and nearly got one when Fabianski rushed out from his area , but substitute Sone Aluko 's shot from a tight angle rolled agonizingly across the face of goal . "  I 'm very happy for the players , " Arsene Wenger told ITV Sport after the game . "  I think it is a turning point in the lifespan of this team -- to know that they can win in that way was very important today . " "  I have praised many times the spirit of this team and I 'm very proud of them today , " the 64-year-old added . "  Congratulations to Hull , they played fantastic for the whole game today . We won it in the end but they played very well . "	Arsenal 's nine-year wait for a trophy is over following FA Cup triumph against Hull City Arsene Wenger 's side fightback from two goals down to win 3-2 in extra time
Sometimes a story comes along that is so utterly ridiculous that , as a commentator , your first instinct is to deal with it tongue-in-cheek . And so it is with Mitt Romney 's videotaped remarks to a roomful of donors at a fundraiser in May in Boca Raton , Florida . The GOP presidential candidate appears to say that he wishes he were Latino because he thinks it would be "  helpful " to his quest and give him a "  better shot " at the presidency . Referring to his father , George , Romney told the audience : "  My dad , as you probably know , was the governor of Michigan and was the head of a car company . But he was born in Mexico ... and had he been born of Mexican parents , I 'd have a better shot at winning this . But he was unfortunately born to Americans living in Mexico . He lived there for a number of years . I mean , I say that jokingly , but it would be helpful to be Latino . " I 'm tempted to respond with this : "  Mitt Romney thinks it would be helpful if he were Latino . Well , Mitt , I 'm Latino . And I think it would be helpful to me if I were worth $ 250 million . Wan na switch ? " Opinion : Can Romney connect with Latino voters ? Or , given President Barack Obama 's heavy-handed immigration policies , with this : "  What Mitt Romney does n't realize is that if he were Mexican , there 's a 94.6 % chance that he would 've already been deported by his opponent . " Romney 's comments are clearly absurd , and so it 's hard to take them seriously . Did the rich white guy really claim to want to be Latino because he thought it would help him win the presidency ? That 's strange . Being Latino did n't seem to help Bill Richardson . The former New Mexico governor ran for president in 2008 , and he did n't get beyond the New Hampshire primary . Also , by Romney 's logic , you would think that we 've had a whole slew of Latinos elected president ; there has n't been a single one -- if you do n't count Jimmy Smits playing President-elect Matt Santos on the final season of "  The West Wing . " Romney should quit while he 's ahead . Statistically , he has the golden ticket . He 's a rich white male , and they 're overrepresented in the exclusive club of the 44 individuals to ever serve as president . Barack Obama is an exception , and even he satisfies two of three characteristics : rich and male . But , if Mitt really wants to get in touch with his inner Mexican , I think he 'll find that it 's not all churros and chocolate or pinatas and pan dulce . You see -- and you might find this hard to believe , Mitt -- but there is still a lot of discrimination in this country against Latinos as whites hunker down and try to hold on to what they have in the face of changing demographics . For instance , Romney has two Harvard degrees , and so do I . But I 'll go out on a limb here and guess that he never had anyone suggest that he was only admitted to that prestigious university because of affirmative action . Or that he is frequently told , as I am , to "  go back to Mexico " -- which is ironic , given that , since I 'm the grandson of a Mexican immigrant and Romney is the son of a Mexican immigrant , the GOP presidential candidate is one generation closer to the motherland than I am . Yet , as difficult as it is , we must take Romney 's comments seriously . There are three reasons that they 're troubling . First , judging from the videotape , when Romney suggested that his path to the White House would have been covered in rose petals if only he had been born Mexican , the crowd loved it . What are they thinking ? Are these the kind of people who tell themselves that their sons and daughters would have gotten into Yale or Princeton if some black kid had n't taken their spot ? Do they really believe that racial and ethnic minorities have it easy in this country ? And if so , what country are they living in ? Politics : Romney makes case to Latinos , vows ` reasonable solution ' on immigration Second , if you look at the rest of Romney 's remarks -- about the 47 % of Americans who pay no taxes and "  who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe the government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you-name-it " -- he makes a good point . Many Americans do have an entitlement mentality , and it 's a real problem . Where Romney went wrong is that the sense of entitlement is n't limited to those on government aid . It includes the kind of fat cat donors who were in the audience . They get tax breaks and corporate subsidies . They raise their kids to think they 're entitled to not do the jobs that immigrants wind up doing . Romney scolded those who think they 're entitled , and then he seemed to wink at the audience and tell them : "  present company excluded . " Lastly , it 's hard to come up with a better example of an American who sees himself as a victim with a sense of entitlement than Mitt Romney . Think about what he said . This was no joke . Romney sounds frustrated . By suggesting that he 'd have a better chance at winning this election if he were Latino , Romney is playing the victim . Poor me , I had the misfortune to be born a white male . It 's clear that he thinks he was entitled to a much smoother path to the White House . Is Romney able to fix what 's broken with America ? Or are people like Mitt Romney what 's broken with America ? Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	In remarks secretly taped , Mitt Romney said "  jokingly " he 'd have better chance if he were Latino Ruben Navarrette says Romney 's taped remarks reveal a blindness to his advantages He says Romney has n't had to struggle to overcome the odds that minorities face Navarette : He criticizes people for feeling entitled but neglects his own sense of entitlement
CNN  Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran . He was born in American Samoa , a U.S. territory since 1900 . He has been subject to American law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen . The Constitution would agree . The Fourteenth Amendment declares that "  All persons born ... in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States . " Yet , Afalava has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen . How can it be , in the 21st century , that Americans born on U.S. soil are denied the rights of citizenship ? That injustice clouds the recent celebration of the 115th anniversary of the decision of American Samoa to join the United States . It is a wrong that Afalava and other American Samoans are now seeking to right in a federal lawsuit before the D.C. Circuit . A decision could come any day . Since the United States was established , it adhered to the rule that those born on U.S. lands were U.S. citizens . The rule is colorblind , yet the only exception that the Supreme Court has ever declared was not . The infamous Dred Scott case legitimized slavery as it declared that free African-Americans had "  no rights that the white man was bound to respect . " Though they were Americans , they were not citizens under the Constitution . A Civil War later , the 14th Amendment reversed the ruling in the Dred Scott case . Today , the Dred Scott case has come to be regarded as one of the worst decisions in the history of the Supreme Court . But racial discrimination did n't end there . In 1904 , a Puerto Rican woman named Isabel Gonzalez sailed for New York . Because Puerto Rico was U.S. territory , she believed herself to be a U.S. citizen . But officials at Ellis Island labeled her an undesirable alien and prevented her from entering the mainland . She sued , with some reason to hope for a favorable ruling . Yet the Supreme Court that eventually heard Gonzalez 's case was still racist . In preceding years , for example , it had permitted a flat ban on naturalizing anyone of the Chinese race . And , in a case addressing the status of recently acquired island territories such as Puerto Rico , the justices had cited the alleged racial inferiority of tropical peoples as reason to treat these lands as second-class U.S. territories . Justice Edward Douglas White 's opinion stated that U.S. sovereignty extended over them , but that their residents did not hold the same constitutional rights as other Americans . He did so , he privately revealed , because "  he was much preoccupied by the danger of racial and social questions . " In the Gonzalez case , the justices agreed unanimously that Puerto Ricans were not aliens and thus not subject to immigration laws . But they declined to decide whether or not Gonzalez was a citizen . Though preoccupied by fears that islanders were "  savages " and racially unfit for citizenship , they were unwilling to violate the Constitution . As a result of the court ruling , federal officials were able to deny Gonzalez and others the full panoply of rights conferred on citizens for years . As Isabel Gonzalez 's lawyer told the Court , declaring that residents of America 's island territories are not U.S. citizens would mean adding to "  precedents in our history of which we are least proud . " Those precedents , he warned the Court , had been "  repudiated by the American people in the Civil War , by three amendments to the Constitution of the United States , by this court , and by ... advancing civilization . " Surely , 147 years after the Dred Scott case was overturned , the time has come to put an end to this farce . In the past century , the inhabitants of every other U.S. island territory have become citizens . Today , Emy Afalava and his fellow American Samoans are the last Americans still waiting to become citizens .	Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran ; he 's also an American Samoan Sam Erman and Nathan Perl-Rosenthal : It is outrageous that he and others like him are denied citizenship
CNN  -- Scientists said Wednesday that they had discovered a new particle whose characteristics match those of the Higgs boson , the most sought-after particle in physics , which could help unlock some of the universe 's deepest secrets . "  We have reached a milestone in our understanding of nature , " said Rolf Heuer , the director general of the European Organization for Nuclear Research , which has been carrying out experiments in search of the Higgs boson at the Large Hadron Collider  LHC  , the world 's largest particle accelerator . "  The discovery of a particle consistent with the Higgs boson opens the way to more detailed studies , requiring larger statistics , which will pin down the new particle 's properties , and is likely to shed light on other mysteries of our universe , " Heuer said . The particle has been so difficult to pin down that the physicist Leon Lederman reportedly wanted to call his book "  The Goddamn Particle . " But he truncated that epithet to "  The God Particle , " which may have helped elevate the particle 's allure in popular culture . More : Why the ` God Particle ' may be key to universe Announcements by scientists about their analysis of data generated by trillions of particle collisions in the LHC , which is located beneath the Alps , drew avid applause at an eagerly awaited seminar in Geneva , Switzerland , on Wednesday . Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass , one of the open questions in physicists ' current understanding of the way the universe works . The researchers stressed the preliminary nature of the results they were announcing Wednesday . "  A more complete picture of today 's observations will emerge later this year after the LHC provides the experiments with more data , " the nuclear research organization , known as CERN , said in its statement . But despite the words of caution , the scientists ' mood and many of their comments were brimming with enthusiasm about the potential scope of what they had discovered . "  It 's hard not to get excited by these results , " said Sergio Bertolucci , the research director at CERN . The announcements by the CERN researchers come two days after scientists in Illinois said they had crept closer to proving the existence of the Higgs boson but had been unable to reach a definitive conclusion . The U.S.-based scientists outlined their final analysis based on more than 10 years of research and 500 trillion particle collisions using the U.S. Department of Energy 's Fermilab Tevatron collider near Batavia , Illinois , whose budgetary woes shut it down last year . Fabiola Gianotti : The woman at the leading edge of physics They passed the baton onto their counterparts using the LHC , which is much more powerful than the Tevatron . Located 328 feet underneath the border of France and Switzerland , the LHC cost $ 10 billion and has been sending particles smashing together in 17-mile tunnel for the past 18 months . High speed proton collisions generate a range of even smaller particles that scientists have been sifting through in search of a signal in the data suggesting the existence of the Higgs boson . The elusive particle is part of a theory first proposed by physicist Peter Higgs and others in the 1960s to explain how particles obtain mass . Higgs boson is like ... a Justin Bieber fan ? The theory proposes that a so-called Higgs energy field exists everywhere in the universe . As particles zoom around in this field , they interact with and attract Higgs bosons , which cluster around the particles in varying numbers . Imagine the universe like a party . Relatively unknown guests at the party can pass quickly through the room unnoticed ; more popular guests will attract groups of people  the Higgs bosons  who will then slow their movement through the room . The speed of particles moving through the Higgs field works much in the same way . Certain particles will attract larger clusters of Higgs bosons -- and the more Higgs bosons a particle attracts , the greater its mass will be . While finding the Higgs boson wo n't tell us everything we need to know about how the universe works , it will fill in a huge hole in the Standard Model that has existed for more than 50 years , according to experts . "  The Higgs boson is the last missing piece of our current understanding of the most fundamental nature of the universe , " Martin Archer , a physicist at Imperial College in London , told CNN . More science news from CNN Light Years CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Nick Thompson and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Finding the Higgs boson would help explain the origin of mass "  We have reached a milestone in our understanding of nature , " scientist says The announcement is based on data from the Large Hadron Collider Researchers stress the preliminary nature of the results
Washington  CNN  -- More than 1,000 American troops have now been killed in Afghanistan , according to CNN calculations . The United States passed that grim milestone Tuesday , when an improvised explosive device killed two of its troops in southern Afghanistan , bringing the total to 1,001 . The death toll does not include those killed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in other countries . But the large number of casualties is in sharp contrast to the rates from another recent war . The deaths of these service members come 104 months since the start of the war in Afghanistan , compared with the war in Iraq , where more than 1,000 U.S. troops were killed in the first 18 months of fighting . But Afghanistan is getting deadlier by the day . From 2001 through 2006 , the American casualty rate never reached 100 in any single year . But that number started going up in 2007 and spiked to more than 300 last year . If the current rate continues , 2010 will be the deadliest year of the war , nearly a decade after it started . The milestone comes just 24 hours after the single deadliest day for coalition forces in Afghanistan this year . Insurgents killed 12 NATO soldiers on Monday , seven of them Americans . Officials with the International Security Assistance Force say it was no single event but six separate attacks in southern and eastern Afghanistan . It was the most fatalities among NATO troops in a single day since October 26 , when 11 Americans were killed in two helicopter crashes . Coalition forces are working to secure Helmand Province and establish a legitimate government there and are launching an offensive to target up to 1,000 Taliban fighters in Kandahar . "  We all expect the fight to get tougher as we carry out the new campaign , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said . Added Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen , "  I think we 've been very clear for months now that this was going to be a very difficult fight in the south . And the expectations , try to set expectations ... as tragic as it is , for these losses . " A defense official says that American troops and their allies are tightening security around the city of Kandahar but that the operation there will take months and will not resemble a typical battle . More than a million Afghans live in Kandahar , and the Taliban are embedded in the population . The official says the goal will be weeding out the Taliban , as well as the drug gangs and warlords that control much of the area 's economy .	Death toll at 1,001 after explosion in southern Afghanistan But fatalities have come slower than in Iraq war Coalition forces working to secure Helmand Province New offensive will target Taliban fighters in Kandahar
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- The Iranian judiciary said Wednesday it is considering a request for setting bail in the case of two American hikers convicted of spying and sentenced to eight years in prison . "  The two U.S. nationals accused of spying have not been released and their attorneys ' requests for setting bail is being considered , " the judiciary said . The statement , posted on the judiciary 's website , seems to contradict accounts previously given by the hikers ' attorney and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Attorney Masoud Shafiee said Tuesday his clients , Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer , would be released from Tehran 's Evin prison after a $ 500,000 bail was paid for each of them . On Wednesday , an Omani plane was en route to Tehran carrying an Omani official who will be working on any negotiation , a Western diplomat told CNN . But it was not clear whether the hostages would be free to leave , the source said . Fattal and Bauer have been held for more than two years . They and a third hiker , Sarah Shourd , were arrested July 31 , 2009 , after apparently straying across an unmarked border between Iraq and Iran while hiking in northern Iraq 's Kurdish region . They said they were unaware they had crossed into Iran , but Iranian authorities said they were spies who entered the country illegally . Shourd , who is Bauer 's fiancee , was released last year for medical reasons , although authorities said her case remains open . Last month , Fattal and Bauer were convicted and sentenced to eight years in prison -- five years for espionage and three years for illegal entry , according to Iranian media . Their appeal is pending . In an interview with NBC that aired Tuesday , Ahmadinejad said the hikers could be released "  in a couple of days " but did not mention bail . The president suggested there is a need for the United States to release Iranians held in its jails . "  OK , these two persons will be released , " Ahmadinejad said . "  Is it going to be over ? We do it , for example , in  a  humanitarian gesture . Is it going to solve the problems ? I hope so . " But in the statement posted Wednesday , the judiciary said that "  the case is currently being considered by the presiding judge , and any related news will be given by the judiciary . " "  No other source is entitled to provide news about this case , " it said . The contradictory information may point to a long-simmering rift in the Iranian government . In Iran , the clerics , not the president , control the courts . In addition , the hikers may have become a political hot potato in Iran . In April , a public spat erupted between Ahmadinejad and Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . Top officials and media outlets close to Khamenei criticized the president , and several of his top aides were reportedly arrested , one for "  sorcery . " On April 17 , Ahmadinejad fired Intelligence Minister Heidar Moslehi , and Khamenei vetoed the move . The president publicly denied any disagreement . But public criticism has also targeted one of Ahmadinejad 's in-laws and chief of staff , Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei . He and several others in the government are considered by Iran 's hardliners to have strayed from the path of revolution and the direction set by Khamenei , as well as the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who led the 1979 Islamic Revolution in Iran . Mashaei 's nationalistic statements and his alleged contacts with the West , including the United States , have caused the clerics and the hardliners to launch an open campaign against him . They are reluctant , however , to attack Ahmadinejad directly , as Khamenei supported him after his re-election , according to a political analyst . The heads of two of Iran 's three branches of government , meanwhile , are brothers -- Ali Larijani is the speaker of parliament , and Ayatollah Sadegh Amoli Larijani is the head of the judiciary . The two may well attempt to thwart what they consider to be anti-cleric and anti-revolutionary actions by Mashaei , who is close to Ahmadinejad , the analyst said . Separately , a human rights group issued a statement criticizing Ahmadinejad for using the hikers as political pawns . "  Ahmadinejad is trying to use the hikers ' release for political gains on the international stage , " said Hadi Ghaemi , spokesman for the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . "  No one should be fooled . The question is , why were these young men deprived of their liberty for so long on trumped-up charges and without proper judicial proceedings ? Moreover , why is n't anyone held accountable for this injustice ? " The organization said it welcomed the news of the hikers ' possible release , but noted they have been held for more than two years "  without any substantive evidence supporting the espionage charges against them . Their detention and sudden release is seemingly another example of politically motivated arrests and prosecutions by the Iranian judiciary and impunity for officials that bend Iranian laws and violate human rights . " Amnesty International issued a statement Wednesday calling for the hikers ' immediate release . "  The Iranian authorities must stop treating Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal as pawns -- both in their dealings with the U.S. government and in domestic political rivalries , " said Philip Luther , Amnesty International 's deputy director for the Middle East and North Africa . "  All available evidence and the authorities ' conduct throughout the trial suggests that the Iranian authorities have known all along that these men were not spies , " he said . "  Rather , it appears they were probably held in order to try to gain political concessions from the USA . " CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Elise Labott contributed to his report .	An Omani official is en route to Tehran , a Western diplomat says The judiciary seems to contradict a Tuesday statement by the hikers ' lawyer The contradictory information may point to rifts in Iran 's government Human rights groups criticize Ahmadinejad for using the hikers for political gain
EW.com  -- After months of speculation surrounding the "  Boy Meets World " reboot , "  Girl Meets World , " it seems like the pieces are finally starting to come together . Early last week , EW broke the news that 11-year-old Rowan Blanchard was cast to play the series ' Girl , Riley Matthews . Since then , producers have also filled the spot of Riley 's best friend , Maya  Sabrina Carpenter  , and announced the addition of two more roles  including one , Shamus Farkle , who sounds a whole lot like "  BMW 's " resident geek Minkus  . So , who else can we expect to see on Girl Meets World ? And what will Cory and Topanga be like now that they 're all grown up ? Entertainment Weekly spoke to "  Boy Meets World " creator Michael Jacobs , who is exec producing the "  Girl Meets World " pilot for Disney , to get the scoop on what fans of the coming-of-age classic should expect . On why "  Girl Meets World " almost did n't happen : When execs at Disney first approached Jacobs with the idea of revisiting Boy Meets World , he promptly nixed the idea . "  There 's a natural reticence to want to try and attempt something that you 've been really lucky enough to do once , " explains Jacobs . But after mulling it over , Jacobs decided that he wanted to create a show for the "  new generation of kids that live in a much more difficult world . " The only catch ? Jacobs was dead set against doing a sequel , which he felt would amount to nothing more than a reunion show . "  A reunion show that 's one and done , " says Jacobs , who instead suggested centering the pilot on Cory and Topanga 's daughter , Riley . "  But to actually take the children of Cory and Topanga and watch on two levels -LSB- as they -RSB- grow up and as Cory and Topanga keep growing up , I ca n't resist that . I ca n't resist that and I 'm very hopeful the audience wo n't resist it either . " On his vision for Girl Meets World : Like its predecessor , Jacobs says he hopes the pilot for "  Girl Meets World " captures "  the confusions about growing up and what we are supposed to be and what we are supposed to aspire to be . " As for Jacobs ' own aspirations for the show , he says , "  There 's a column that I want to play in and that column contains The Wonder Years and Happy Days . That was always the column that I wanted Boy Meets World to be included in and I want Girl Meets World to be in that column as well . " ` Saved By the Bell ' : ` Today ' mini-reunion On Cory and Topanga as parents : They may have two kids , but do n't expect Cory and Topanga to have it all figured out . "  Topanga has always been much more certain that Cory . Cory has always been confused . That would never stop , " says Jacobs , who explains that the long-time sweethearts will have differing points of views on parenting . "  Now he 's a father . Cory Matthews does n't know how to be a father . " Cory will also be grappling with his decision to become a teacher . "  He 's following in the footsteps of -LSB- Mr. Feeney -RSB- , the most influential character in his life , " says Jacobs . "  Should he be ? Will he succeed ? Can he influence children like Feeney influenced children ? What is Topanga 's observation of that ? How does she help ? And what is Topanga 's life ? And what has she become ? You 'll remember we left the series and they were in Philly and they were going on an adventure to go to New York . Did they succeed ? Did it work ? All of that will be answered in the pilot . " On Riley 's personality : Will the youngest Matthews be more like her dad or her mom ? Jacobs wo n't say , though he will reveal that "  she is going to be much more like one than the other but that second parent will pop up in ridiculously unexpected times and places and add to the confusion of who this character is . " As for who she 's is n't ? Jacobs says that Riley will not aspire to be an actress , singer , or dancer as many fans have speculated . "  That was never Boy Meets World and it 's the farthest thing that this show will be . " Chris Christie chews the fat with Letterman On whether or not other Boy Meets World cast-members will make an appearance : While Jacobs says many of the supporting characters , including Riley 's brother and her rebellious best friend , will be reminiscent of old favorites like Shawn , Eric , and Minkus , he also adds that the door is "  wide open " for those originals to make an appearance on the series if the pilot gets picked up . "  I think there 's more than a chance , " says Jacobs , who explains that he 's spoken to many of the former cast members and that they 've all expressed interest in being apart of the project in some capacity . "  I think there 's a strong chance , " he says . On reuniting with Savage and Fishel : Though Jacobs has stayed in touch with both Savage and Fishel , he says reuniting with them for Girl Meets World has been "  the greatest possible thing that can happen . " Jacobs , who refers to the actors as his surrogate children , is hoping fans will feel the same . " -LSB- Hanging out with them -RSB- is gratifying and rewarding and what I 'm hopeful for is that there will be a vast audience who wants to hangout with them again as well . " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rowan Blanchard , 11 , will play Riley Matthews on "  Girl Meets World " Riley 's best friend Maya will be played by Sabrina Carpenter Jacobs says he hopes the "  Girl Meets World " pilot captures "  the confusions about growing up "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Defense lawyers in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor want to shield jurors from commentary by Nancy Grace , the former prosecutor who now hosts a daily show on the HLN network . Daily commentary by Grace and others during the Casey Anthony trial this summer was "  like a final argument by the prosecution , " Dr. Conrad Murray 's lawyer , Michael Flanagan , said Wednesday . While the defense has not decided whether to ask that the jury in the Murray trial be sequestered , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor hinted at a hearing Wednesday he does not think it would be necessary . Flanagan predicted media coverage of the trial of Murray , charged with involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death , will be bigger than the wall-to-wall coverage of the Anthony case that just ended in Florida . "  How many final arguments do we have to face in this case ? " Flanagan asked . "  Are we going to face the one in the courtroom and the one when they go home ? " Grace addressed the issue Wednesday during her eponymous show . "  The doctor charged in the death of music superstar Michael Jackson , killing him allegedly with a powerful propofol anesthesia , wants the jury sequestered , from me ! From US ! " she said . "  Claiming watching ` Nancy Grace ' will prevent a fair trial ; that the jury will be biased . So I guess that makes us , umm ... the good guys ! " Keeping jurors in a hotel , with deputies watching over them , for two months would be expensive for the Los Angeles court system , which is already suffering under tight budget constraints . HLN , which carries Grace 's nightly show , is owned by Turner Broadcasting , which also owns CNN . Pastor announced Wednesday that jury selection will begin September 8 , despite prosecutors ' request for another three weeks to prepare their case because of "  scheduling issues . " Jury selection was underway in May when the defense requested a delay so its expert witnesses could have more time to prepare for new experts hired by the prosecution . Pastor then dismissed hundreds of prospective jurors and rescheduled the trial to start in September . The judge will visit Sony Studios soon to review more than a dozen hours of raw video of Jackson 's last rehearsals for his "  This Is It " tour to decide which clips , if any , will be shown to the jury . Lawyers for each side spent the past two weeks viewing more than 100 hours of video , narrowing down what they thought was relevant to the case . The prosecution selected 12 hours of video , while the defense identified four . Flanagan said the video showed him that Jackson was "  very talented , that he 's pretty good ; even on his bad days , he 's good . " The defense was looking for clues in the video to show that Jackson was in ill health in his final days , but Flanagan said it was not detectable in his performance video . Jackson also did not appear to be depressed in his final days , he said . The defense will argue that none of the "  This Is It " video is relevant to the criminal trial and would be "  a big waste of time . " "  It shows him onstage performing , " Flanagan said . "  I do n't know why that 's relevant as to what happened the night that he died when he could n't sleep . " Jackson 's death on June 25 , 2009 , was from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol , combined with other drugs , the Los Angeles coroner ruled . Murray , whom Jackson hired to care for him as he prepared for his comeback concerts in London , allegedly administered the fatal dose .	NEW : Nancy Grace reaction : "  I guess that makes us , ummm , the good guys ! " The judge refuses the prosecution 's request to delay the trial The defense says it may want the jury sequestered , citing the Casey Anthony case Murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in connection with Jackson 's death
New Haven , Connecticut  CNN  -- Americans were enthralled by fake reports of an alien invasion in the Orson Welles "  War of the Worlds " radio broadcast on Halloween Eve in 1938 . Hundreds of science fiction movies from the 1902 silent epic "  A Trip to the Moon "  featured in the current film "  Hugo "  to "  Star Wars " to this year 's "  Cowboys and Aliens " have fed a deep curiosity about intelligent beings elsewhere in the universe . Hang on to your hats , because reality is starting to catch up . On Tuesday , scientists reported evidence from the Kepler satellite that two Earth-sized planets are orbiting a nearby star about 1,000 light years from earth -- practically our back yard compared to the extent of our Milky Galaxy , but far too distant to visit with current spacecraft . These planets , named Kepler 20-e and Kepler 20-f , have sizes and masses similar to the Earth , and their host star is similar to our sun . But the resemblance ends there . Both orbit very rapidly -- in 6.1 days and 19.6 days , respectively , compared to 365 days for an Earth year -- so both are much closer to their star than the Earth is to the sun . This makes both planets way too hot to support life as we know it . Still , the pace of planet discovery is astonishing . Sometime in the next few years , scientists will likely discover Earth-like planets that are capable of supporting life . Our sun is just one star among the hundreds of billions that make up the Milky Way galaxy , which itself is only one of hundreds of billions of galaxies in the universe . Over the last 15 years , astronomers have found hundreds of planets orbiting stars in our corner of the Milky Way and the list will pass 1,000 next year . Planets are plentiful . Discoveries of planets are limited only by the capabilities of current telescopes and instruments and by the time needed to sample several full orbits of a planet around its host star . Most "  extra-solar planets "  or "  exoplanets "  have been found by measuring tiny Doppler shifts  wavelength shifts  in the light of the host star . With this method it is easier to find heavy planets than light ones , and easier to find planets in close rather than distant orbits . So most of the planets found so far are big ones , similar to Jupiter or Neptune in our solar system , only orbiting much , much closer than the Earth to their host star . This is kind of like surveying your neighborhood for sumo wrestlers : You find far fewer than the number of other people who live there , and way fewer than the population of the world . So the 716 known exoplanets are just the tip of the iceberg . The Kepler satellite uses a different method , based on transits of planets across the face of their host star . Visible light from the star dims very slightly , typically by 0.01 % or less for an Earth-sized planet passing in front . Thus Kepler finds planets regardless of mass , although it more easily sees large planets  which cover more of the star 's surface and thus diminish the light more  and it only sees planets that cross the star as seen from the Earth  which most planets do n't  . By the way , you can help make these discoveries . At www.planethunters.org , a citizen science project started by colleagues of mine at Yale , anyone can search the Kepler data for signs of new planets . In particular , users might find unusual systems that the Kepler computer algorithms do n't search for .  For a fun Christmas holiday interpretation of the Kepler plots of star brightness over time , see this video . "  Life " can mean anything from single-celled organisms to a walking , talking homo sapiens , or possibly something much stranger . For now , scientists are focusing on conventional carbon-based life because its signatures are well known . Such life requires liquid water , meaning a temperature between freezing  32 F  and boiling  212 F  . Planets too close to their star will be too hot , like the sweltering surface of Venus , which approaches the 800 degree Fahrenheit temperature of Kepler 20-f . Planets too far away have frigid surfaces , like Europa , a moon of Jupiter . Temperatures that allow water to be liquid define the so-called "  habitable zone " -- like Goldilocks ' favorite porridge , planets in the habitable zone are not too hot , not too cold , but just right for life . We have n't yet found definitive signs of life elsewhere in the universe . But we can estimate that even the narrowest case of carbon-based life on an Earth-like planet orbiting a sun-like star in the habitable zone is likely , because planets are probably common around such stars , sun-like stars are common in our galaxy , and our galaxy is similar to many throughout the universe . We also know the building blocks of life -- amino acids and other organic compounds -- form naturally from carbon , water and energy , as the chemists Stanley Miller and Harold Urey first showed more than 50 years ago . Sadly , although life is likely to exist on exoplanets throughout our Milky Way galaxy , intelligent life is another thing altogether . Humans have lived at most a few hundred thousand years out of the Earth 's 4.6 billion year history -- or less than 0.006 % of the available time . In contrast , simple single-celled organisms probably formed several billion years ago , and thus have populated the Earth for more than three-quarters of its existence . This means it is overwhelmingly likely that the life we find elsewhere will be extremely primitive . Face it : We 're not going to be IM ` ing with aliens , nor should we expect an invasion or a rendezvous in outer space . For now , we 're just looking for cells breathing and multiplying . Not "  Another Earth " -- more like "  The Blob "  or , "  The Green Slime "  . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Meg Urry .	Scientists announce the discovery of two Earth-sized planets Meg Urry says they 're too close to their star to host life as we know it She says planets like Earth likely will be discovered in the "  habitable " zone Urry : Life is likely to exist on some planets in Milky Way galaxy
CNN  -- Americans around the world paused Thursday to pay tribute to the country 's military veterans and honor their ongoing sacrifices in Afghanistan , Iraq and elsewhere . Vice President Joe Biden led remembrances at the Veterans Day National Ceremony in Virginia 's Arlington National Cemetery , participating in a wreath-laying ceremony under clear blue skies at the Tomb of the Unknowns . "  I look out at all of you who have served our nation ... and I see the most tested among us , the most tested of all Americans , " Biden said . The more than 23 million surviving veterans today are "  the heart and soul , the very spine of this nation , " the vice president added . Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki , a retired U.S. Army general , called it a day for "  promises that returning warriors will not bear their wounds alone . " They will be "  embraced and cared for by a grateful nation , " he declared . President Barack Obama , participating in the G-20 economic summit in South Korea , marked the day with a visit to the U.S. Army garrison in Yongsan , near Seoul . In remarks to U.S. military personnel and their families , the president praised both American and South Korean troops who fought during the 1950-53 Korean War . "  Their service , through six decades , is a powerful reminder that security , democracy , and prosperity reinforce each other , " he said . Other civilian and military leaders also took part in ceremonies honoring veterans . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano was scheduled to assist in a wreath-laying and deliver remarks at the Coast Guard 's World War I Memorial in Arlington . Countless mourners made their way past the Vietnam Memorial on the National Mall . Parades and commemorations -- large and small , boisterous and quiet -- were held in cities and towns across the country . Birmingham , Alabama , was scheduled to hold its 63rd annual Veterans Day parade . Concerts were planned in Durham , North Carolina ; Bath , New York ; and Tucson , Arizona , according to the Department of Veterans Affairs . New Haven , Connecticut , prepared to hold its third annual Veterans Run/Walk . Twenty-five veterans were scheduled to take the oath of citizenship at Fort Sam Houston Cemetery in Texas , the VA noted . Over three million disabled veterans played a prominent role in this year 's remembrances . On Wednesday , ground was broken for a new monument in Washington -- the Americans Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial . The memorial , to be located on 2.4 acres near the U.S. Capitol , will center around a star-shaped reflecting pool with an eternal flame . Roberto "  Bobby " Barrera , a severely injured Vietnam-era Marine who now heads the Disabled American Veterans , called the groundbreaking "  a direct reflection of all disabled veterans and their journeys that began when they answered the call to duty . " "  Those journeys continue throughout their honorable service , through the trauma of injuries , and it continues today through their recovery and their renewal of purpose . " Veterans Day originated as a commemoration of Armistice Day , which marked the conclusion of World War I. President Woodrow Wilson , America 's commander-in-chief during the conflict , called it a day to "  be filled with solemn pride in the heroism of those who died in the country 's service . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Lindy Royce and Paul Courson contributed to this report	NEW : Ground was broken Wednesday for a new memorial honoring disabled veterans VP Joe Biden led Veterans Day remembrances at Arlington National Cemetery President Barack Obama marked Veterans Day at a U.S. military base in South Korea Parades and ceremonies were scheduled in cities and towns across America
CNN  -- Christopher Salmon just wanted to make an animated film from a short story he loved . Searching for funds to make his film a reality , Salmon turned to Kickstarter , an online fundraising site for creative projects . His goal ? To raise $ 150,000 to bankroll a 3-D-style short of author Neil Gaiman 's "  The Price , " one of a growing number of six-figure projects on the 1 1/2 - year-old site . "  I was trying to find a way to fund it and was n't finding success anywhere because it did n't fit the model -- especially here in America where the short film is viewed as a novelty , " Salmon said Monday . " -LSB- Kickstarter -RSB- was perfect , because if the fans want it , they 'll say something . And , boy , have they ever . " As of Monday afternoon , the Kickstarter project to fund Salmon 's short film had raised about $ 124,000 -- some of it donated by fans of Gaiman , the internationally celebrated author of "  Coraline " and other works . Salmon needs another $ 26,000 by Wednesday , the project 's deadline , for it to become a reality . Salmon 's is one of two projects active on Kickstarter that are poised to land in the site 's all-time Top 5 in terms of funds raised . The other seeks start-up funds for a device that converts an iPod Nano into a wristwatch . It set out to raise $ 15,000 and now has hit a record $ 446,000 with more than two weeks to go . Contributions to that project of at least $ 25 act as pre-orders for the TikTok and LunaTik multi-touch watch kits . Since Kickstarter 's launch in April 2009 , more than 300,000 people have pledged more than $ 25 million toward what the site calls "  creative ideas and ambitious endeavors , " co-founder Yancey Strickler said . During that time , each month 's total has been bigger than the one before . Need a sign of the growth ? Nine out of the site 's 10 largest-grossing projects have closed in the past two months . It 's not a charity site or a way for small businesses to sell their wares . The projects that have been bankrolled include films , books , video games and technology start-ups . "  It 's really exciting seeing that increasing diversity , " Strickler said . "  It 's something we 're really proud of and have always hoped for , but you can hope and you never know how it 's going to turn out . " Kickstarter , which uses the Amazon Payments system , makes a profit by taking a small percentage of the funds donated to each project . It uses an all-or-nothing funding system . Donors who pledge do n't pay up until the project reaches its funding goal . If it falls short , they are n't charged . Virtually all projects offer rewards to donors . On Salmon 's project , a $ 25 pledge gets a digital download of the film , $ 50 gets a DVD and , at the top end , a $ 5,000 pledge -LSB- there have been six so far -RSB- earns an associate producer credit , VIP seating with Gaiman and Salmon at a screening of the movie and other rewards . Until recently , the most high-profile project on Kickstarter was Diaspora , a social-networking site that creators said would emphasize privacy in ways that Facebook does n't . Creators set out to raise $ 10,000 and in June ended up with $ 200,000 , promising donors access to the service 's private alpha launch , which went live just more than a week ago . Gaiman , whose honors include the Newbery Medal for children 's writing , the Hugo for science-fiction and fantasy and a Carnegie Medal in literature , has written fantasy epics "  Neverwhere " and "  American Gods " and the groundbreaking graphic-novel series "  The Sandman , " among other works . Last year 's feature-film adaptation of "  Coraline " was nominated for an Oscar . He 's an active blogger and one of the most popular users of Twitter , with more than 1.5 million followers . He has used both to promote the fund drive . "  I think that the best thing about Kickstarter is it takes the ability to decide what you see , what happens , from the privileged few to the crowd , " Gaiman said Monday via e-mail . "  I ca n't wait until the first $ 50 million movie is funded through Kickstarter . "  For an author , it 's fun . Instead of selling the rights to my story , to actually kick in a few hundred dollars -- but I do n't think I could do that if I did n't trust Christopher Salmon to make a great little film . " Others agree . "  That project has a lot of people rooting for it , " Strickler said . "  Neil Gaiman is really incredible in how connected he is to his fans and the rest of the Web community . "  He could get money from anybody to do anything ... but he obviously sees something in engaging the audience in a different way , letting them really feel that ownership . " For Salmon , the next two days will be a pressure cooker , he said , as he sweats out the project 's final hours . He said a pitch to get donors to increase their pledges  in exchange for a poster  has gotten more than 100 takers . He 's also hoping for a last-minute push from Gaiman and other backers . But he said he 's already been deeply affected by the Kickstarter community . Salmon mentions a man -- a complete stranger -- who contacted him to say that he 's homeless , but mowed lawns to raise money to give to the project because it means that much to him . "  I ca n't even explain or put words to it -- the unbelievable good will from all these people , " he said . "  So many stories you read are so horrible and so depressing you want to crawl under a rock . And then this . "	Kickstarter , the creativity fundraising site , is raising cash for its biggest projects ever Filmmaker is days away from funding his version of author Neil Gaiman 's "  The Price " Makers of a watch that uses an iPod Nano sought $ 15,000 but have raised over $ 400,000
Editor 's note : Reza Sayah is one of the few Western journalists reporting from Tehran after the Iranian government placed restrictions on coverage . A man in the crowd holds up a photo of Ahmadinejad during Khamenei 's address at Friday prayers . TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- People in the crowd sang songs of tribute as they waited . When he arrived , they stood and welcomed him in unison : "  Praise be to God and to his prophet , Mohammed . " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader for two decades , took the stage during Friday prayers at Tehran University with a few notes on small pieces of paper in his left hand . He leaned on the lectern with his right arm , crippled in an 1981 assassination attempt . He was ready to put an end to a week of unrest . First , a sermon about the dangers of division and disunity , using the language of Islam . Then came secular sentences , decidedly direct . He praised the huge turnout at the polls as a victory for Iran but criticized post-election turmoil as the work of Iran 's enemies -- the United States , Israel and Britain . "  The enemies want to destroy our confidence . They want to create doubt about the election , " Khamenei said . A full hour passed before he delivered a verdict that supporters of opposition presidential candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi did not want to hear . "  Eleven million votes difference ? " he asked . "  Sometimes there 's a margin of one hundred thousand or two hundred thousand , or one million , maximum . Then one can doubt , be concerned that there has been some rigging or manipulation . "  But there 's a difference of 11 million votes . How can vote rigging happen ? " To be clear , he reminded the crowd of the victor at the polls . It was the man sitting in the front row : Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . He was the "  the absolute victor , " Khamenei said . "  If political elites want to ignore or break the law and willy-nilly take wrong measures which are harmful , they will be held accountable for all violence and blood and rioting . " Few in the crowd were disappointed with the cleric 's words . "  Death to America ! " the people chanted repeatedly , interrupting Khamenei 's speech . "  Death to Israel . " Noticeably absent Friday was Moussavi , the man who had sparked Iran 's unrest by calling for a recount of the votes . Absent , too , were Moussavi 's supporters , who did not take to the streets to protest as they had done in previous days . There were no signs and placards on the streets . Or people clamoring for change . The tens of thousands who showed up for Friday prayer were a stark contrast to the demonstrators . They were mostly religious conservatives , supporters of Ahmadinejad . And they had a message for the president 's opponent , though it was not always consistent . Some were conciliatory . "  The nation should come together , " one said . "  We are all one . " Others took a hard line : "  They must stop with the demonstrations , otherwise there will be consequences . " Just what those consequences might be may become apparent Saturday afternoon , when the demonstrators are expected again on the streets of Tehran . But for now , Iran 's supreme leader had issued his warning clearly : Enough is enough .	Supreme leader sermonizes about dangers of division and disunity Khamenei : Post-election turmoil the work of the United States , Israel , Britain Ayatollah endorses official results showing Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was re-elected Crowd repeatedly interrupts him to chant "  Death to Israel " and "  Death to America "
CNN  -- "  You wo n't believe what just happened ! " It 's usually a phrase that precedes gossip , but it takes an entirely different meaning when you hear it from a head of state . That 's what a Central American president told me in February of 2010 . I was covering the Summit of Unity in the beach resort of Cancun , Mexico . Latin American and Caribbean presidents were in attendance . The aforementioned president , whose name I will not publish for obvious reasons , had just walked out of a closed-door meeting attended by several Latin American heads of state . What he told me next was unprecedented , as far as I know , in the realm of Latin American diplomacy . "  We almost had a fistfight , " the president said . At first , he would n't say who was involved , but after persistent questioning by several of us reporters he finally disclosed that then - Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and his Venezuelan counterpart Hugo Chavez had an argument that escalated into a shouting match , and were it not for their colleagues present , would have ended up in a fight . I left it at gossip at first , but Chavez himself later confirmed it . In an interview with CNN en Espanol , the shoot-from-the-hip leftist leader , now relaxed and smiling , told the story . "  I think that if the table had n't been there as an obstacle and our friends were n't sitting right there , president Uribe physically would have attacked me , " Chavez said . By then , Chavez had already assumed the role of provocateur-in-chief in Latin American politics -- a title previously held by former Cuban president Fidel Castro until he ceded power to his younger brother Raul due to illness in 2006 . That confrontation was not the first time that Chavez had a run-in with a foreign leader . The Venezuelan firebrand caused none other than Spanish King Juan Carlos to lose his patience . The king , normally polished and refined as it 's proper for his stature , shouted at Chavez : "  Why do n't you just shut up ! " after the Venezuelan president called Spanish Primer Minister Jose Maria Aznar a fascist several times at an Ibero-American summit held in Chile in November of 2007 . I started wondering how such a renegade lacking diplomatic skills , former coup conspirator who served time in jail and supporter of an economic model that had already failed in the world had become so popular in Latin America ? What was it about Chavez that made him electrifyingly popular in his homeland and leftist circles in Latin America ? And then I remembered Chapeu Mangueira . I had traveled to Brazil in early 2010 and visited some slums on the hills surrounding Rio de Janeiro . These slums , known in Brazil as favelas , are a stone 's - throw away from the main tourist attractions in Rio , like Copacabana Beach . Chapeu Mangueira was one of those slums where people lived in shacks , survived on pennies a day , lacked access to basic services and , in general , lived in extreme poverty and marginalized from the rest of society . I also remembered Chimalhuacan , a slum in Mexico City that mirrors Chapeu Mangueira . I thought as well of Ciudad Bolivar , a barrio in Bogota , the Colombia capital -- that is just as marginalized and poor . The Venezuelan capital has its own favelas . Petare , a shantytown in western Caracas , is a painfully sobering example . This is where the poor among the poor in Venezuela live . It 's an area that had been ignored and marginalized for decades . After coming to power in 1999 , Chavez focused on developing welfare programs for the poor . The programs , called misiones sociales , have measurably reduced poverty in places like Petare . Chavez killed two birds with one stone . He transformed the politically apathetic PetareÃ ± os into fierce Chavistas who voted en masse and took to the streets to celebrate Chavez as his power increased , and to show support after he announced he was suffering from cancer in June of 2011 . The poor , traditionally ignored and marginalized by Latin American politicians , became Chavez 's main political weapon . It is true that Chavez squandered oil revenues  estimated at $ 120 billion a year  , scared away investment by nationalizing foreign and domestic companies and neglected the Venezuelan infrastructure . Spending $ 30 billion a year in social programs  used as government propaganda  while driving away foreign investment is unsustainable in the long term . He managed to stack the Supreme Court with loyalists who ruled consistently in his favor . Socialist policies that undermined production and produced shortages of basic food products also fueled inflation , while a depreciation of the currency shortly before Chavez 's death promised to worsen those problems . Venezuela still has one of the highest murder rates in the hemisphere . More recently , Chavez had taken steps to revoke the license of the last opposition TV network in the country . Human rights groups consistently raised alarms that Chavez was using the judicial system as a political tool to repress the opposition and silence dissent . "  By his second full term in office , the concentration of power and erosion of human rights protections had given the government free rein to intimidate , censor , and prosecute Venezuelans who criticized the president or thwarted his political agenda , " New York-based Human Rights Watch said this week , adding that the Chavez government had shown "  open disregard for basic human rights guarantees . " Regardless , Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner eulogized the fallen leftist leader on her Twitter account by saying that "  The great legacy of Chavez is the social inclusion of millions of Venezuelans that used to be invisible and today are protagonists . " I would argue his legacy goes beyond that . An argument could be made that the Cuban economy would have collapsed without the oil it gets from Venezuela . Chavez also ushered in a new area of populist leaders including Rafael Correa in Ecuador , Evo Morales in Bolivia and Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua . They have all borrowed Chavez 's playbook by catering to the poor and railing against the United States , a country they call "  the evil empire . " They all benefited from cheap oil from Venezuela while Chavez made allies who helped him slowly but surely tilt Latin American politics to the left . But , for the outside world , at least , the inclusion of the poor will probably remain at the top of Chavez 's legacy . The formula is so simple it makes you wonder why nobody though of it before . After all , a 22-year-old single mother of two in Petare , Chapeu Mangueira , Chimalhuacan or Ciudad Bolivar , does n't care about macroeconomic policies or free market economies , but about a leader who will make it possible to feed her children tomorrow . And to millions of Venezuelans , that was Hugo Chavez .	Chavez fashioned himself as provocateur-in-chief in Latin American politics The poor , usually marginalized by Latin American politicians , became Chavez 's main weapon Support of the poor made Chavez popular in his homeland , leftist circles in Latin America Chavez ushered in new area of populist leaders in Latin America
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Former Congressman Henry Hyde , a Republican from Illinois , died early Thursday morning . He was 83 . Henry Hyde served in the House for more than three decades . Hyde 's death was confirmed by a spokesman in the office of House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio . Hyde had been ill for some time and had open heart surgery in July . In his final years in office , he was wheelchair bound and frail . Hyde 's wife , Judy , was with him last night at Rush University Medical Center in Chicago , Illinois , according to Tom Mooney , his former chief of staff . According to Mooney , Hyde said to his wife he wanted to "  go home , " to which Judy replied , "  We are going to get you home . " He passed away soon after that . Born in 1924 , Hyde served in the House from 1975 to 2006 and retired at end of the last session . Hyde served as the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee from 1995 to 2001 . Hyde , a Catholic , was a vocal opponent of abortion . In 1976 Hyde attached an amendment to a spending bill that banned federal funding for abortions . The amendment later become known as the "  Hyde Amendment " and has been at the center of the political fight over abortion since its passage . He chaired the committee during the impeachment of President Clinton in 1998 . The committee and the full House approved articles of impeachment stemming from the Lewinsky scandal , in which Clinton was accused of lying under oath about his sexual relationship with a White House intern , Monica Lewinsky . The Senate later voted against the charges . In a written statement , Boehner called Hyde "  a constitutional scholar , a thoughtful legislator , and a passionate orator . " "  But above all , he will be remembered as a gentleman who stood as a beacon for the bedrock principles of liberty , justice , and , above all , respect for life , " Boehner said . "  He was a forceful advocate for maintaining the dignity of the House and for recognizing the sacrifices and struggles Members make while in its service , " Boehner said in the statement . "  Indeed , when Henry spoke in Committee or on the House floor , Members on both sides of aisle listened intently -- and they learned . " On November 5 , President Bush awarded Hyde the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest honor the president can bestow on an American citizen . "  He proved that a man can have firm convictions and be a favorite of Democrats and Republicans alike , " Bush said at the medal ceremony . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Virginia Niccolaidis and Adam Levine contributed to this report	Former Rep. Henry Hyde dies at the age of 83 Hyde served in the House from 1975 to 2006 Illinois Republican served as House Judiciary chairman from 1995 to 2001 President Bush awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom in November
Los Angeles  CNN  -- By busloads and by church flocks , volunteers throughout the country spent Saturday performing the noble task of cleaning up humanity 's home -- planet Earth . "  The nation 's largest community improvement movement , " as the volunteer groups are known , got their hands dirty and feet wet as they cleaned walkways and waterways around the United States . Keep America Beautiful -- the nonprofit group that sponsored the Great American Cleanup "  National Day of Action " -- organized trash-clearing activities in nearly all 50 states , as well as special large-scale events in 10 locales , including Los Angeles . In all , 10,000 volunteers were projected to participate . "  Oh my goodness . The volunteers , the energy , the enthusiasm . To watch the kids learn how to plant a tree was amazing to watch . It becomes theirs , " said Gail Cunningham , senior vice president of Keep America Beautiful and managing director of the Great American Cleanup . "  It brought nature alive for the volunteers . " One of this year 's spotlight sites was the namesake waterway of the nation 's second largest city , the Los Angeles River . Saturday 's activities coincided with the Friends of the Los Angeles River 's 23rd La Gran Limpieza , which translates to The Great Cleanup . About 450 people , including 250 from a local Mormon church , collected 400 bags of trash -- including a king-size mattress , an animal skull , and a discarded wheelbarrow -- from one stretch of the river , said Shelly Backlar , the river group 's executive director . Volunteers were bused to cleanup sites . "  People are saying they ca n't believe what they are finding , " Backlar said . "  Everyone is smiling and really enjoying the river . " Added volunteer Judy Bloom , 48 : "  I spent a couple of hours picking up several bags of trash and it was primarily plastic , about 90 % . "  There was an element of surprised in respect to how much this is caused by littering , " Bloom said . The other nine locales for the big-scale cleanups were Oakland , California ; Cocoa , Florida ; Indianapolis ; Cobb County , Georgia ; Hampton Roads , Virginia ; Houston ; Shreveport , Louisiana ; Philadelphia ; and Nashville . Tidying up the country is n't a matter of just "  waving a magic wand , " said Cunningham . "  It 's understanding each person can make a difference . " "  Each volunteer for one hour of work is worth $ 21.79 , and we had 5.2 million volunteers last year " during a period from March 1 to May 1 , she added . "  The United States saved $ 113 million last year that would have otherwise paid government employees . " Last year 's clean-up activities in 16,500 communities resulted in the removal of 177 million pounds of litter and debris ; beautification of 177,000 acres of parks , public lands and open spaces ; and planting of 166,000 trees and 1.5 million flowers and bulbs , according to Cunningham 's group . Last year , Los Angeles ' La Gran Limpieza collected 25 tons of trash from cigarette butts to "  river treasures , " as Backlar put it , consisting of shopping carts , a hammock , a sleeping bag and a Barbie doll with dreadlocks . From coast-to-coast , groups were relying on the volunteer spirit of the millennial generation and college students . "  There is passion for engagement and volunteerism from the millennials . They are active . It 's inspiring to see , " said Cunningham . Christine Flowers , executive director of Keep California Beautiful , said Saturday 's volunteer activities supplement state and local government efforts -- which cost taxpayers about $ 500 million a year -- to address illegal dumping and littering . "  When people get their hands dirty and get engaged , they care more for the environment and their community , " Flowers said . "  Volunteers learn something new and it gives them passion and fire to better the environment . "	NEW : "  People are saying they ca n't believe what they are finding , " leader says of trash cleanup Saturday 's event is called the Great American Cleanup "  National Day of Action " Large-scale trash removal is planned for 10 sites , like Los Angeles and Philadelphia At least 10,000 volunteers are expected to participate across the United States
Baghdad  CNN  -- Al Qaeda in Iraq claimed responsibility Tuesday for a string of attacks that killed almost 70 people and wounded more than 200 . The seemingly coordinated explosions Thursday struck during the height of morning rush hour , hitting a number of Baghdad 's primarily mixed Sunni-Shiite neighborhoods . Nine car bombs , six roadside bombs and a mortar round all went off in a two-hour period , targeting residential , commercial and government districts in the Iraqi capital , police said . "  The series of special invasions launched , under the guidance of the Ministry of War in the Islamic State of Iraq , to support the weak Sunnis in the prisons of the apostates and to retaliate for the captives who were executed , " the group said on an al Qaeda website . Iraq 's leadership is dominated by Shiite Muslims , including Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . The country 's Sunni minority held power under former leader Saddam Hussein . A recent political crisis has raised fears of a return of the sectarian bloodshed in Iraq that ripped the country apart at the height of the war a few years back . On December 19 , al-Maliki , a Shiite , ordered the arrest of the Sunni vice president , a move that escalated sectarian tensions and threatened to collapse Iraq 's fragile power-sharing government . The political turmoil as well as the recent spate of violence erupted just days after the final U.S. troops withdrew . Violence in Iraq has declined in recent years but last week 's attacks were among the worst since August when a series of coordinated bombings killed at least 75 people in 17 Iraqi cities .	The claims are made on an al Qaeda website There are fears of a return of sectarian bloodshed in Iraq A string of explosions killed dozens of people last week Violence and political turmoil erupted just days after U.S. troops withdrew
Another debris field , another new and so-far futile focus in the search for Flight MH370 . More than three weeks after the Malaysia Airlines jet disappeared , one thing has been made clear : the ocean is full of garbage , literally . "  It is n't like looking for a needle in a haystack , " Conservation International senior scientist M. Sanjayan said of the difficulty in finding the Boeing 777 aircraft . "  It 's like looking for a needle in a needle factory . It is one piece of debris among billions floating in the ocean . " "  One piece of debris among billions " Environmentalists like Sanjayan have warned for years that human abuse of the planet 's largest ecosystem causes major problems for ocean life and people that depend on it . With the world 's eyes now scouring Asian waters for any trace of the plane that was more than 240 feet long and weighed more than 700,000 pounds , the magnitude of the ocean debris problem has become evident . New Search : Nothing Yet Two objects floating in the southern Indian Ocean , including one nearly 80 feet long , initially were called the best lead to date when a satellite detected them last week . So far , though , search planes have yet to find them or any other plane debris , with speculation mounting that the larger item was a shipping container lost at sea . No definitive records exist , but estimates for how many containers go overboard range from about 700 to as many as 10,000 of the roughly 100 million that the World Shipping Council says get shipped each year . Most ocean garbage comes from land Lost containers are only a minor part of the problem . While ship waste also adds to ocean pollution , most of the garbage comes from land , Sanjayan said . More than a third of the world 's 7 billion people live within 60 miles of an ocean coast , and their waste inevitably reaches the water -- either deliberately or indirectly . Estimates from various sources , including the Japanese government , indicate that more than 10 million tons of debris -- including houses , tires , trees and appliances -- washed into the sea in the 2011 tsunami . No answers yet as ships , planes search vast stretch of Indian Ocean In addition , discarded plastics -- including countless bags like the kind routinely provided by retail stores and fast food restaurants until a movement in recent years to decrease their use -- form huge , churning garbage fields in the rotating currents of ocean gyres . One in the north Pacific is estimated to be at least 270,000 square miles , or an area larger than Texas . Sanjayan said the plastic breaks down in the saltwater to form a kind of "  plastic soup " that gets ingested by marine life . Millions of sea turtles die from the plastic each year , he said , and one in 10 small bait fish has plastic in its stomach . That happens in the same waters that provide roughly 15 % of the animal protein consumed by people . The world 's "  toilet " "  The world does use the ocean as its toilet , and then expects that toilet to feed it , " Sanjayan noted . Many island nations and coastal cities lack infrastructure sophisticated enough to deal with all the waste produced , he said . In addition , much of that waste -- such as plastics -- now is so durable that it lasts for decades or longer in any environment . Sanjayan cited Dhaka , Bangladesh , as an example . Considered the fastest growing city in the world , the capital of 15 million people could expand to more than 20 million people in the next decade , according to the United Nations . Such growth far exceeds the capacity to deal with the garbage and sewage , Sanjayan said , adding : "  All that waste in countries like that -- low-lying , prone to flooding -- periodically flushes into the ocean . " LIVE : Latest updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner If this is the debris of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , what happens next ? Difficulties may hamper Flight 370 search Opinion : Search for MH370 highlights need for trust , unity in Asia	Ocean debris diverts searchers for the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner For years , environmentalists have warned about increasing garbage in the ocean Most ocean debris , such as countless plastic bags , comes from land Scientist : plane search seeks "  one piece of debris among billions "
Los Angeles Film Festival  June 18 -- 28  Since the Oscars are a closed shop to the general public , turning up in L.A. for the biggest night in the movie calendar -- unless you happen to be on the guest list -- is pretty much a non-starter . Do n't miss the Mr and Mrs Muscle Beach competition on Venice Beach If you 're a film buff much better instead to hit town for the annual film festival , where you can delight at over 100 features , as well as star-studded premieres , seminars with industry bigwigs and outdoor screenings . Mr and Mrs Muscle Beach Competition  July 4  It may not seem the obvious way to celebrate America 's emancipation from British colonial rule , but the annual Independence Day competition on Venice Beach is definitely a spectacle , and a unique slice of Americana to boot . Now in its 75th year , the event features bikini-clad women contestants as well as a plethora of Arnie Schwarzenegger wannabes all hoping to be crowned the golden couple of muscle . The Long Beach Jazz Festival  August 7 -- 9  What nicer way to enjoy a warm summer evening in the city than with the crash of the Pacific sounding on one side and melodious jazz on the other . The only jazz festival in Southern California , the Long Beach event is beautifully located on a grassy knoll overlooking a long sweep of lagoon . The festival begins at 5pm on the Friday and runs all weekend and features some of the top jazz artists of the year . New Year 's Eve Partying If it 's a New Year burnout you 're after , they do n't come any bigger than Giant Maximus , which claims to be the biggest end of year party in the world aimed at over-21s  the age limit for drinking alcohol in the U.S. , obviously  . Spread over a seven-acre site in the downtown , the event includes top DJs , acrobats , a psychedelic circus and a giant ferris wheel . In all 10,000 revelers gather under three air-conditioned big tops to usher in the next year surrounded by skyscrapers .	The L.A. film festival offers a chance to enjoy cinema in its spiritual home Check out the ridiculously buffs bodies at the Muscle Beach competition Join thousands of party people for New Year 's Eve at Giant Maximus
CNN  -- It may be far from home but a South African company is powering its way into the U.S. energy landscape , hoping that its grand plan to introduce a once-shunned technology in the United States will pay off . Sasol , a Johannesburg-based energy giant , announced late last year its intention to spend up to $ 14 billion on building the first U.S.-based commercial plant to perform the alchemy of turning natural gas into liquid fuels -- hailed as one of the biggest investments from a non-U.S. company in American history . Using a process known as gas-to-liquids  GTL  , the company plans to chemically convert gas into transport fuels , lubricants and other chemical products . "  In that technology we take natural gas and we actually break the molecule down and then reform that molecule into other high-value products like diesel , " says Mike Thomas , Sasol 's vice president of U.S. operations , explaining the company 's proprietary technology . Gas boom Sasol 's mega-project in Louisiana also includes a separate $ 5 to $ 7 billion ethane cracker and derivatives plant . It has picked the United States for its GTL facility because the country has abundant shale gas , released through the controversial drilling process of hydraulic fracturing -- or fracking Due to the rise in fracking , estimates suggest that the U.S. has more than 100 years ' supply of natural gas . Sasol , which has been producing synthetic fuels for decades , says it will not be fracking directly to source natural gas feedstock for its facilities , instead tapping into the U.S. natural gas market through the existing infrastructure . Read this : World 's biggest dam to light up Africa ? "  The price of the natural gas in the United States is about the lowest in the world and the markets are also in the U.S. , " says Thomas . "  If you look within the United States , particularly on the U.S. Gulf Coast where we are ... there is no better infrastructure for the petrochemical industry in the United States , and probably in the world . " Old technology , new use ? Although GTL is only now gearing toward its commercial U.S. debut , the process on which it 's based dates back to the 1920s . Yet , by the 1950s , the conversion technology was largely abandoned . High production costs and the emergence of much cheaper products made from refined crude oil rendered GTL commercially unviable . Meanwhile , the high correlation between natural gas and crude oil markets meant that there was n't a significant difference between the two prices , therefore no opportunity for companies to exploit margins . As a result , the technology failed to establish a foothold in the market . The only country where it gained wide traction was coal-rich South Africa where international embargoes during the apartheid years made oil hard to come by . Today , only Sasol and Royal Dutch Shell are converting gas into liquid vehicle fuel on a commercial level . Yet experts say the current price difference between natural gas and oil , courtesy of the recent shale gas boom , coupled with the long-term global transport trends favoring low-emissions fuels , have helped turn GTL into a particularly appealing proposition in places like North America -- as it means less reliance on oil from the Middle East . "  We 're taking Sasol 's technology , which was developed here in South Africa for the past 63 years , and helping the U.S. be more energy independent and have a security of supply , " says Sasol 's chief executive David Constable . Restraints Sasol , which already operates smaller GTL plants in South Africa and Qatar , expects its Louisiana-based facility to produce at least 96,000 barrels per day , creating 1,200 permanent jobs in the following years . It describes GTL diesel as a cleaner-burning fuel that can be used in existing vehicles and fuel delivery infrastructure without any modifications . Yet despite the renewed interest in GTL , many still see the technology as a precarious business . Analysts say the requirement to invest hefty sums to build plants and manufacture products means that finances for large-scale projects could often be difficult to balance . "  The economics can be a bit shaky , " says Craig Brown , downstream oil and petrochemicals analyst at PFC Energy . "  The whole process is extremely energy intensive and tends to be more costly than crude distillation , " he adds . But , more importantly , critics say the biggest danger is that if the cost of gas rises to the price of oil , the technology will lose its commercial appeal . "  With that amount of capital expenditure , they need to have a degree of certainty that the gas prices are going to stay at a certain price for a long period of time to make it an economically viable project long-term , " says Brown . ` Very viable ' Still , Sasol is determined to press ahead with its big plans . The company says its investments are "  well-reviewed " and thoroughly scrutinized "  to make sure that these are good sound projects " that will open up new economic opportunities . "  We 've looked at it in many different ways , " says Constable . "  We 've proven it here in South Africa , we 've proven it up in Qatar , " he adds . "  It 's a sought-after product , it 's a sought-after technology -- if you look at those dynamics as macroeconomics over the long term , we see our projects as being very , very viable . "	South African energy giant Sasol building a gas-to-liquids plant in Louisiana The technology will help it convert natural gas to transportation fuels Project is one of the biggest investments from a non-U.S. company in American history Critics warn the technology is not commercially viable if cost of the gas rises to the price of oil
CNN  -- American Steve Stricker clinched a one-shot victory on the final day of the John Deere Classic to win the event in Illinois for the third year in a row . The 44-year-old finished with two birdies to card a 69 and move onto 22-under-par , narrowly defeating rookie Kyle Stanley . Canadian Matt McQuillan and world number 33 Zach Johnson were four strokes behind the 23-year-old Stanley , tied for third position on 17-under-par . Stricker , who has claimed 19 tournament wins since turning pro in 1990 , is only the 10th post-war golfer to have triumphed at the same event three years running . Donald secures Scottish Open victory "  It was an unbelievable week and an unbelievable finish , " the new world number five told the PGA Tour 's official web site . "  I still ca n't believe I 'm sitting here . Stricker holed a 25-foot putt on the 18th to complete his triumph , having recovered from losing a five-stroke lead during his final round to emerge victorious . "  When I get into a situation where I have to make a putt , I feel like my nerves kind of go away and I focus extremely hard on trying to make that putt . And that 's kind of like the little zone I got into on 17 and 18 , I guess . " Americans Charles Howell III and Chez Reavie shared fifth place on the final leaderboard , both carding 16-under for their 72 holes . Australia 's Cameron Percy and Brendon de Jonge of Zimbabwe were tied for seventh on 15-under , with Briny Baird and Brian Gay one shot back in ninth . Meanwhile , So Yeon Ryu defeated her fellow South Korean Hee Kyung Seo in a three-hole playoff to clinch the women 's U.S. Open . The 21-year-old secured her first major championship win after finishing the additional holes on two-under-par , three shots better than 25-year-old Seo .	Steve Stricker finished on 22-under to win the John Deere Classic by one stroke Stricker has now won the tournament for the last three years in a row Rookie Kyle Stanley was second , with Matt McQuillian and Zach Johnson tied for third
CNN  -- Indoor cats can reach the ripe old age of 20 . With advanced years come health-related issues such as arthritis or diabetes . But a study by the American Pet Products Association notes that feline veterinary visits have declined in recent years . "  Where are all the cats ? " asks Dr. Annie Price of the Ormewood Animal Hospital in Atlanta . "  A lot of times if we can find diseases early , we can really lengthen life expectancy and improve quality of life by addressing the issue early . " A well-cared-for indoor cat can live into its teen years , says Dr. Emmy Pointer , medical coordinator of the ASPCA Bergh Memorial Animal Hospital in New York . Cats that go outside significantly reduce their odds , according to petplace.com , which estimates that most indoor cats can reach 12 to 18 years while outdoor cats only reach 4 to 5 . While there is no set rule for when a pet becomes geriatric , Pointer considers cats seniors when they hit the last third of their life , typically around age 12 . If your cat has reached its golden years , take note of these common health issues : MNN.com : 10 wacky pet accessories Chronic kidney disease An older cat that consumes lots of water and urinates a lot may be showing signs of kidney disease . Pointer notes that cats with chronic kidney disease also are prone to urinary tract infections . While there is no cure , she says low-protein and low-phosphorous diets can help by giving the kidneys less work to do . Early detection also allows veterinarians to slow the progression of symptoms . Since cats do a better job than dogs when it comes to hiding health problems , your vet may recommend blood work to detect underlying issues . "  I like dealing with elderly cats because there are so many things you can do for them ; it 's just a matter of being mindful , " Price says . "  They can seemingly have no clinical signs and look perfectly healthy , and you check blood work and determine early kidney problems or thyroid conditions or changes in liver values . " Also note that health issues may resurface due to an elderly cat 's diminishing immune system . For example , cats that seemed to overcome a viral disease years ago may show symptoms , such as increased ocular discharge , later in life . Treatment options may be limited . Pointer recommends discussing the problem with your vet and scheduling a thorough exam . MNN.com : Extra tests to consider for elderly pets Dental disease In its annual roundup of the most expensive -- and preventable health conditions -- Bergh Hospital ranked dental disease No. 1 . While treatment starts at about $ 400 , regular dental care can significantly reduce that cleaning bill . Good dental hygiene also helps prevent other issues . "  Dental disease can lead to more serious heart and kidney problems , " Pointer warns . "  The most important thing is it just hurts . Having an abscessed tooth or horrible gingivitis upsets quality of life for a cat . " Regular brushing is the best route , but many cats wo n't tolerate such torture . Pointer notes that enzymatic chews and a prescription diet with large kibbles can help break off tartar . But home remedies will not eliminate the need for veterinary dental cleaning under anesthesia . "  If the pet has moderate to severe dental disease , there is nothing you can do at home , " she says . MNN.com : Videos of cats that like water Arthritis Cats get arthritis just like dogs , but Price says there are fewer prescription treatment options available because cats metabolize medications at a much slower rate . But that does n't mean they have to endure pain . Price has found success using fish oil and omega-3 fatty acid supplements as well as companion therapeutic laser treatments , which decrease inflammation and increase blood flow . Pointer notes that acupuncture , glucosamine and chondroitin also have been effective in treating cats with arthritis . "  Arthritis is severely under-diagnosed in cats , which is really sad because the vast majority of older cats have arthritis and only a fraction get treated , " Price says . "  People think , ` Well it 's an older cat , he sleeps , he 's OK . ' Would you think same about a dog ? No . " Obesity It 's no secret that cats are losing their battle of the bulge , just like dogs . While the American Association for Pet Obesity Prevention considers eight to 10 pounds the ideal weight for most domestic cats , a recent study found that 55 percent of the country 's cats are considered overweight or obese by their vets . But Pointer says that sudden weight loss can cause liver failure . "  I would never want my client 's pets to lose more than a quarter-pound a month , but talk to the vet to discuss this because they may want more , " Pointer says . She adds that canned food is best for cats because it 's primarily protein , while dry kibble is mostly carbohydrates . "  Feeding a carnivore mostly carbs can contribute to weight gain . " MNN.com : 7 pudgy pets that should lay off the kibble Lower energy level Older cats may move a little slower , but owners should avoid the tendency to let them sit near a sunny window 24 hours a day . Feather toys , laser pointers or a DJ cat scratcher may help unleash your cat 's inner kitten and add years to its life . "  Do n't give up on that stuff you used to do when they were kittens , " says Pointer , who has two senior cats of her own named James and Dr. Furr . "  They still have prey drive and want to chase stuff . Do n't put away toys and things you used to do just because they reach their golden years . " Join the conversation on Twitter @soulpup and @MNNPets . © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	A study by the APPA found that feline veterinary visits have declined in recent years . Catch and treat pets ' physical maladies early to dramatically increase their life spans , vets say . Watch for ailments like arthritis and obesity in a senior cat to help it live well into its teens .
CNN  -- An American imprisoned in the United Arab Emirates after posting a video that parodied Dubai teens will be released this week , a family spokeswoman said Tuesday . Shezanne Cassim plans to fly back to the United States on Thursday , family spokeswoman Jennifer Gore said . There was no immediate response to the family 's announcement from the UAE government , which has not replied to previous requests for comment on Cassim 's case . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Tuesday that after getting credit against his one-year sentence for time served and "  for good behavior , " Cassim was moved to a deportation facility for processing . "  We understand processing will take a few days , at which point he will be returning to the United States , " Psaki said , adding that U.S. diplomats have visited Cassim regularly in custody and should do so again Wednesday . Cassim , 29 , of Woodbury , Minnesota , moved to Dubai in 2006 after graduating from college to work for PricewaterhouseCoopers . His family says the 29-year-old was arrested in April after uploading a 19-minute video that pokes fun at a clique of Dubai teens influenced by hip-hop culture . In December , he was sentenced to a year in prison and a fine of about $ 2,700 . The charges were not read in court , but the country 's main English-language newspaper reported that Cassim was accused of defaming the UAE 's image abroad . UAE officials would say only that Cassim "  was charged under the UAE 's penal code " and was "  entitled to the fair trial protections contained in the UAE 's constitution . " In the 1990s , the label "  Satwa G " was coined for a group of suburban teens who were known to talk tougher than they really were . Cassim 's video depicts a look at a "  combat school " in the Dubai district of Satwa , where these "  gangsters " are trained . The training includes how to throw sandals at targets , use clothing accessories as whips and how to call on the phone for backup . Cassim 's family said they were n't notified of the charges against him for five months . American gets 1-year prison sentence for parody video "  He tries to put on a brave face , " his brother , Shervon Cassim , said in December . "  He said that he was doing fine , not to worry about him , but I could just sense that he 's a little depressed . My impression is that he 's going just a little bit crazy in his cell . " Shervon Cassim said his brother made the video "  just for fun . " "  He 's a big fan of ` SNL , ' ` Funny or Die , ' all those shows , and he and his friends just wanted to make a funny sketch comedy in their spare time , " Shervon Cassim said . "  There was no indication in local law that making a comedy video , making fun of teenagers in the suburbs , was a threat to the UAE 's national security . " The online comedy community Funny or Die , in fact , rallied to Cassim 's support , launching a #FreeShez campaign to correspond with U.N. Human Rights Day on December 10 . Cassim ended up serving nine months -- more than half of those before being charged -- before his recent move to a deportation facility , his family said in a statement . The family said it reached out to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry before his Mideast trip last week , with U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar also pushing for his release . "  The disregard for freedom of expression , the arbitrary application of this cybercrime law , the constant delays revealed the UAE legal system as archaic and unfair by modern standards , " said Susan Burns , the family 's U.S.-based lawyer . "  However , we are relieved that the UAE finally realized that Shezanne deserved to be released . " New Day Blog : Will Ferrell joins fight to free American Shezanne Cassim CNN 's Jamie Crawford and Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	NEW : Cassim got credit for time served , good behavior , U.S. official says NEW : Family lawyer blasts UAE 's "  archaic and unfair " legal system Shezanne Cassim plans to fly back to the United States on Thursday , family says He was sentenced to a year in prison in the UAE for a parody video
Ellen Moshweu was just trying to go to church . A police officer shot her in the back on that November day in 1990 . David Mabeka was at home in 1986 , sleeping through a newly declared South African government state of emergency , when police burst in to his home and took him away . A young black man , just trying to get home , was thrown into the back of a police van and taken to jail despite the indignity of presenting a white police officer valid identity papers . The officer crumpled the pass at the man 's feet and took him to jail anyway . Thaabo Moorsi , "  severely tortured and detained . " Soyisile Douse , "  shot dead by policemen . " Families separated . Races relocated . This was apartheid . For many too young or too distant to remember , apartheid is little more than a distant historical fact , a system of forced segregation to learn about in history class , to condemn and to move on . But for South Africans who survived the decades of punishing racial classification , humiliating work rules , forced relocation and arbitrary treatment by authorities , the end of apartheid was the birth of an entirely new world , midwifed in large part by Nelson Mandela . A history of apartheid Though white Europeans had long ruled in South Africa , the formal system of apartheid came into existence after World War II . The country 's National Party -- led by the descendants of European settlers known as Afrikaners -- ushered it into existence after sweeping into power on a campaign calling for stricter racial controls amid the heavy inflow of blacks into South African cities . Between 1949 and 1953 , South African lawmakers passed a series of increasingly oppressive laws , beginning with prohibitions on blacks and whites marrying in 1949 and culminating with laws dividing the population by race , reserving the best public facilities for whites and creating a separate , and inferior , education system for blacks . One of the laws , the Group Areas Act , forced blacks , Indians , Asians and people of mixed heritage to live in separate areas , sometimes dividing families . Blacks had to live in often barren tribal homelands or townships near cities , often in polluted industrial areas . Whites got the best agricultural areas , the choicest city addresses . A system of passes and identity papers controlled where blacks could travel and work . "  Ooo , do n't talk about the Group Areas Act , " the resident of one such area , Gadija Jacobs , said , according to the Apartheid Museum in Johannesburg . "  I will cry all over again . There 's when the trouble started ... when they chucked us out of Cape Town . My whole life came changed . What they took away they can never give back to us . " Apartheid rules governed virtually every aspect of daily life . Blacks had to use different beaches and public restrooms . Signs distinguished facilities reserved for whites -- often referred to as Europeans . Blacks earned meager wages compared with whites , and their children went to poorly funded schools . In one of the telling anecdotes of the apartheid era , black nannies who dressed and fed and sang to the children of their white employers were unable to join them in the Dutch Reformed Church , the main Afrikaner congregation . South Africa since apartheid : Boom or bust ? Growing defiance In the 1950s , growing calls for civil disobedience against the government took hold , sometimes resulting in violence as police cracked down on the protests . The 1952 Defiance Campaign , for instance , prompted thousands of black Africans to flout the laws in hopes that their arrests would overwhelm the country 's prison system and bring attention and eventual change . Thousands were arrested , but the African National Congress , which organized the campaign , had to call it off after scores were hurt by police . In 1960 , the tide began to turn when South African police killed 69 protesters gathered outside the Sharpeville police station for a nonviolent protest . The killings led not only to international outcry but calls for armed struggle by the ANC and other groups . A grim record That struggle continued for years . It 's laid out in gruesome detail in the records of South Africa 's Truth and Reconciliation Commission , formed after the end of apartheid to help expose and heal the country 's many wounds . Moshweu , the woman shot in the back as she went to church , told her story to the commission in 1996 . She told an awful story , of a police officer with almost complete power in her neighborhood , a man who used to randomly fire off his gun -- and who she said had also killed her son . "  He brought suffering to me by killing my son . He wanted to kill me . That is why he shot me , " she told the commission . Mabeka , who testified at the same hearing , told the commission he spent two months in prison after being taken from his home in 1986 and beaten at a police station . "  They assaulted me with fists ; they kicked me , and I fell on the ground , " he said . "  They did n't ask me anything ; they did n't tell me what do they -- what did they want . " John Biyase told his story to researchers from Michigan State University in 2006 . He recalled marching in Johannesburg in 1977 after police closed many of the high schools attended by blacks in an apparent effort to break up resistance efforts . Police trapped the marchers and set on them as they tried to escape . "  They just hit everybody , " Biyase told his interviewers . "  There was blood , cries . I remember we were shouting , ` Peace ! Peace ! Peace ! ' " He spent three weeks in the city 's John Vorster Square prison in a cell with 20 other young men . There , he remembers police threatening to take troublemakers to the 10th floor "  workshop , " where police were suspected of staging fatal accidents involving inmates . "  We knew what the workshop meant , " he told his interviewers . "  Death . " Finally free When Mandela was freed in 1990 , four years before he would become president , another surprising element of apartheid reared its head . Before his release , few had seen Mandela 's now-famous face or heard his voice . Under apartheid , the government banned the publication of anything to do with opposition groups such as his African National Congress . "  We were fed the information we were allowed , " said Susan Campbell , a former prosecutor who now is an environmental lawyer in the coastal town of Knysna . "  It was only after his release , really , that we actually saw who he was . " Nelson Mandela : 10 surprising facts you probably did n't know	Apartheid was more than racial segregation It was a brutalizing regime of laws that ripped families apart and led to violence Nelson Mandela is revered for his role in helping bring down the system
CNN  -- Will the future of the eurozone be decided at thousands of ATMs across the continent ? That may be a stretch , but Spaniards and Greeks are withdrawing billions of euros from their bank accounts and sending them somewhere "  safer . " And they 're getting some encouragement , too . Deutsche Bank , for example , is soliciting the money of Spaniards nervous about the solvency of banks at home . Such nervousness is understandable , as the Spanish government struggles to inject liquidity into the country 's fourth-largest bank -- Bankia -- and other financial institutions weighed down by bad property loans . Finance Minister Cristobal Montoro admitted on Spanish radio Tuesday that the state has "  a problem with access to the  debt  markets . " Spanish officials say $ 50 billion  about $ 62 billion  may be required to keep the country 's banks afloat . Analysts at investment bank UBS believe the figure may be closer to $ 120 billion . Earlier this week , the Bank of Spain disclosed that the net outflow of capital in March was a record $ 66.2 billion , twice as much as the previous peak in December . Data from the European Central Bank shows that in April deposits of individuals and companies held at Spanish banks fell by $ 31.5 billion  $ 39 billion  , though it 's unclear how much of that money may have gone abroad . On one day in May , Greeks withdrew an estimated $ 700 million euros from local banks -- scared that a "  Grexit "  the now familiar shorthand for a disorderly Greek withdrawal from the eurozone  would destroy their savings . The contagion has now spread to Cyprus , whose banks have made about $ 23 billion in loans to Greek individuals and companies . Last week , Cypriot President Demetris Christofias pointedly would not rule out the need for European support in rescuing banks with high exposure to Greece . Cyprus is the third smallest economy in the eurozone . Spain is the fourth largest . And given the brinkmanship between Spain 's government and the European Union over how to rescue that country 's banks , Spaniards may well send more of their money to safe havens .  This is now becoming known as "  Spanic . " Spain wants cash at low interest rates from the European Central Bank , or ECB , pumped directly into its banks , because its own borrowing costs are so much higher -- the yield on its 10-year bond was 6.4 % Tuesday . Speaking to the Spanish Senate Tuesday , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy for the first time called publicly for the creation of eurobonds . That puts him at odds with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the ECB . Put crudely , eurobonds would dilute Germany 's fiscal strength in a pool of junk debt . The ECB governor , Mario Draghi , has indirectly accused Spain of underestimating the importance of its banking problem . In the words of one financial analyst , it 's like two cars racing toward each other on a single-track road . Someone 's nerve has to give . The ECB has already plowed more than $ 1 trillion into the European banking system since December in an effort to stimulate liquidity . That injection also helped lower Italian and Spanish sovereign bond yields , as banks used some of the cash to snap up government debt . Expect the European Stability Mechanism , which debuts next month armed with $ 500 billion , to have plenty of suitors , even though it wo n't be allowed to lend directly to banks . A series of summits There was not much clue about the way forward after a conference call early Tuesday among the finance ministers and central bank governors of the G-7 , which includes the United States , Germany , Japan and Britain . A terse statement issued afterward said : "  The G-7 Ministers and Governors reviewed developments in the global economy and financial markets and the policy response under consideration , including the progress towards financial and fiscal union in Europe . " Next stop is the G-20 summit in Los Cabos , Mexico . It would be an unwieldy format for making a bold statement of intent on the eurozone -- especially as the meeting comes the day after the next Greek election . Perhaps more important to the future of the single currency will be the European Union summit at the end of the month , June 28-29 . Draghi wants a Europe-wide "  banking union " that would have powers akin to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in the United States and would deter a run on the most vulnerable banks in southern Europe . Speaking to Reuters during a conference in Latvia , the International Monetary Fund 's Christine Lagarde said Tuesday : "  The master plan that everybody signs up to will be important because it will set a vision , it will set a collective determination . And that is lacking at the moment . " Analysts say such a "  master plan " would need to correct the eurozone 's schizophrenic structure : a single currency without a common fiscal policy or Europe-wide bond market . Austan Goolsbee , former chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers in the Obama administration , summed up the root problem in a Wall Street Journal article last week , saying , "  The eurozone problem remains the locking together of very different economies into a monetary union without a way to adjust . " He added , "  Normally , exchange-rate adjustments would reduce this gap . ... But without an exchange-rate safety valve you need an alternate way to rebalance economies . " For Germany , whose approval is needed for any initiative to protect European banks , there is at least a silver lining in the current crisis . As investors flee to safety , Germany 's two-year bond pays effectively zero percent . In other words , it 's borrowing for free , quite possibly with the help of anxious Spaniards . At least Europeans have the Euro 2012 football tournament to distract them for the rest of this month , starting Friday . In the last tournament -- in 2008 -- Spain defeated Germany in the final .	Money is moving around Europe amid nervousness about the solvency of banks Deutsche Bank is soliciting the money of Spaniards as the Spanish government struggles Contagion that caught up Greece is spreading to Cypress A European Union summit at the end of June will be important for the future of the euro
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An Air Force F-22A fighter jet crashed Wednesday near Edwards Air Force Base in California , killing the test pilot , the Air Force said . An F-22A fighter jet similar to this one crashed Wednesday during a test mission in California . The single-seater crashed about 10:30 a.m.  1:30 p.m. ET  for unknown reasons , Air Force officials said . Lockheed Martin said the test pilot , David Cooley , 49 , of Palmdale , California , joined the company in 2003 and was a 21-year veteran of the U.S. Air Force . The fighter was on a test mission when it crashed about 35 miles northeast of Edwards AFB , where it was stationed , the Air Force said in a news release . At $ 150 million apiece , the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter . In 2004 , an F-22 Raptor crashed on a training mission in the Nevada desert . The pilot ejected and was not hurt , though the jet was destroyed . The plane was designed in the 1980s to provide a stealthy method to enter Soviet air space and strike Soviet bombers if the USSR attempted a nuclear strike . Once the Cold War ended , the Air Force found a new mission for the F-22 as a long-range fighter with a sophisticated stealth design and state-of-the-art equipment that no other plane could rival . However , the rising cost of the plane and numerous design and software problems threatened the program , which was almost eliminated by Congress . In the end , the aircraft survived , and most of the problems were fixed -- except for the price tag , which forced the Air Force to buy fewer aircraft .	NEW : Test pilot David Cooley , 49 , of Palmdale , California , dies in crash F-22A fighter jet crashes 35 miles northeast of Edwards AFB around 10:30 a.m. The one-seater jet was on a test mission when it crashed At $ 150 million apiece , the F-22A is the most expensive Air Force fighter
CNN  -- For the first time in months , the ever-worsening Ukraine crisis seemed to have taken a surprising turn for the better . A snap meeting in Geneva brought together the foreign ministers of Ukraine , the European Union and the United States with their Russian counterpart , despite earlier threats by the Kremlin not to participate . Even more unexpectedly for the many observers who had placed little hope in the talks , a one-page agreement emerged that outlines steps to de-escalate the situation and to prevent it from turning into open war . However , neither the very contents of the accord nor the obvious skepticism among its signatories suggest that it will effectively ease the internal and international tensions around Ukraine . Instead , this declaration is set to be an important tactical victory for Russia , the key driver of the conflict . At first glance , the Geneva agreement appears to contain the pre-requisites for a peaceful political settlement of the Ukraine crisis . All sides are called upon to refrain from violence , provocation and extremism . Armed groups are to lay down their weapons , and occupied public spaces and buildings are to be vacated . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe  OSCE  is to monitor agreed de-escalation measures centrally . A constitutional process is to begin and include broad national dialogue across all Ukrainian regions and constituencies . And in parallel to these political steps , economic and financial support is to be discussed by the international community . Promising , one might think , if it was not for the fine print . The ink under the accord had barely dried when the signatory parties offered widely differing interpretations of its contents . Where Ukraine and the West directed their demands at Russian-backed separatists in Eastern Ukraine , Russia was quick to point out that pro-European protesters were to surrender , too , including the EuroMaidan . If Kiev , Brussels and Washington envisage constitutional changes strengthening de-centralization , regional and local self-government , and minority languages , Moscow renewed its call for a federalization of Ukraine , including the right of regions to their own foreign and economic policies . The financial stabilization of Ukraine , although unspecified , was clearly included to pre-empt the country 's political implosion , while Russia insisted that aid be conditional on the implementation of the de-escalation plan , and on the fulfillment of its own demands . In short , the Geneva talks have not delivered consensus , but have served , first and foremost , as a platform for Russia to reiterate its own positions . No less revealing is the fact that several key aspects of the Ukraine crisis are absent from the declaration . The Russian annexation of Crimea went unmentioned , and while merely intended by Ukraine and the West to facilitate talks , the Kremlin was quick to read this silence as an effective acknowledgement of its rule over the peninsula . Presidential elections in Ukraine , scheduled for 25 May 2014 , were not included as a crucial element of any political solution to the crisis , thus opening an avenue for Moscow to question their legitimacy . The massive concentration of Russian troops across Ukraine 's eastern borders was not addressed , which perpetuates Moscow 's military intimidation of Kiev and the threat of war . Finally , the Geneva talks failed to produce a clear timeline for the de-escalation , fundamental for Western governments to determine their own actions , including sanctions . In all these respects , the Geneva agreement has expanded Russia 's room for maneuver in Ukraine rather than limiting it . Most of all , the accord affords Russia with much-needed time . Given its failure so far to elicit strong support and momentum for separatist ambitions in Eastern Ukraine , the Kremlin has won breathing space and can now ratchet up its efforts . Faced with serious political isolation on the international stage , Moscow will likely reach out to potential , if reluctant allies , whether they be Belarus and Kazakhstan in the run-up to signature of the treaty founding the Eurasian Union , or China ahead of a visit by Putin , both scheduled for May . In turn , the threat of further Western economic sanctions has been averted , at least for the time being . With the door to negotiations seemingly remaining open , the EU will find it particularly difficult to muster political will for leveraging considerable economic pressure on Russia . Geneva has thus handed Moscow a desperately needed reprieve on a plate . This week 's four-party meeting is nothing short of a diplomatic coup for Russia . While his foreign minister was in Geneva , the Russian President Vladimir Putin used his annual "  Direct Line " to clarify his designs for Ukraine . For Putin , the East and South of Ukraine are clearly Novorossiya , or New Russia , the Tsarist term for these territories . With this narrative , Russia lays the same claim to vast parts of mainland Ukraine as it did to Crimea . And Moscow may just have made a giant leap towards expansion .	The declaration is set to be an important tactical victory for Russia , writes Forbrig The ink on the accord had barely dried when signatory parties offered differing interpretations , he says Forbrig : The agreement has expanded Russia 's room for maneuver rather than limiting it Moscow may have made a giant leap towards expansion , he writes
CNN  -- Andy Murray has won his first match after splitting with coach Ivan Lendl , beating Australia 's Matthew Ebden in the second round of the Miami Masters in Florida . The Scot , who is defending the title he won 12 months ago , started life after Lendl nervously , losing the opening set before rallying in the second and third to eventually beat the world No. 67 3-6 6-0 6-1 . Murray announced an amicable parting of ways with Lendl on Wednesday bringing the curtain down on a highly fruitful two-year partnership . Lendl , who is leaving to spend time on other projects , is credited with helping turn Murray into a grand slam champion , overseeing victories at the U.S. Open in 2012 and an historic win at Wimbledon last year . The 26-year-old paid tribute to his former coach after victory late on Friday . "  It was very different without him , it 's been a hard few days , " Murray told Sky Sports . "  He 's been a big part of my career and to not have him around is going to be tough , but I just need to get on with it now and try to get back to playing my best tennis . " Next up in round three is Spain 's Feliciano Lopez who Murray has never lost to in eight previous meetings . Earlier on Friday , Roger Federer came through comfortably against Ivo Karlovic 6-4 7-6  7/4  . The Swiss , who was defeated by Novak Djokovic in the final of BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells last weekend , continued his recent good run of form against the big-serving Croat . "  So ,  his serve  can be quite difficult or overwhelming . But if you 're in the right mindset mentally , it can also be enjoyable . That 's how I approach the match , anyway , " Federer said , ATPTour.com reported . Federer , a winner in Miami in 2005 and 2006 , will face Thiemo de Bakker next after the Dutch qualifier ranked 162 in the world upset world No. 29 Fernando Verdasco in three sets 7-6  7/4  6-7  3/7  6-2 . Djokovic is also safely through to the third round after beating France 's Jeremy Chardy 6-4 6-3 , as is David Ferrer who saw off Georgia 's Teymuraz Gabashvili 6-4 6-0 . In the women 's draw , Venus Williams recorded a straight sets  6-3 6-3  win over Slovakia 's Anna Schmiedlova to set up a meeting with Casey Dellacqua of Australia . Former world No. 1 Jelena Jankovic suffered a shock defeat to Varvara Lepchenko of Uzbekistan -- the Serb losing in three sets 6-3 2-6 7-6  7/2  -- but Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska is safely through to the next round after dispatching Switzerland 's Romina Oprandi 6-0 6-4 . China 's Li Na will face America 's Madison Keys in the third round . The Australian Open champion had a walkover after her second round opponent Alisa Kleybanova pulled out with a virus while Keys upset world No. 31 Daniela Hantuchova with a 6-3 6-2 victory . Read more : End of the road for Murray and Lendl Read more : Venus trying to slam Sjogren 's syndrome	Andy Murray starts new chapter of career with second round win over world No. 67 Scot says it 's been a "  hard few days " after Lendl split was announced on Wednesday Federer and Djokovic also safely through to Miami Masters ' third round Venus Williams also a winner in the women 's draw but Jelena Jankovic crashes out
CNN  -- In an essay for Vanity Fair , famed model Beverly Johnson accuses Bill Cosby of drugging her in a meeting at his Manhattan residence in the 1980s -- adding herself to the list of women who have made accusations against the comedian in recent weeks . "  For a long time I thought it was something that only happened to me , and that I was somehow responsible . So I kept my secret to myself , believing this truth needed to remain in the darkness , " she writes . "  Now that other women have come forward with their nightmare stories , I join them . " Bill Cosby facing litany of allegations CNN has reached out to Cosby 's attorney , Martin Singer , but has not heard back yet . Johnson , a noted model in the 1970s and the first black woman to appear on the cover of American Vogue , says the alleged incident , which did not involve sexual assault , happened in the mid - '80s when Cosby was starring on "  The Cosby Show . " She was offered an audition for a small role on the hit program . "  I was in the midst of an ugly custody battle for my only child . I needed a big break badly and appearing on ` The Cosby Show ' seemed like an excellent way of getting Hollywood 's attention , " she writes . After some initial meetings , including one in which Johnson took her child to Cosby 's brownstone , she was invited back to Cosby 's residence . She was working through acting exercises -- including one in which she acted drunk -- in front of the comedian when he asked her to have a drink from his cappuccino machine , she recalls . "  I knew by the second sip of the drink Cosby had given me that I 'd been drugged -- and drugged good , " she writes . Cosby then asked her to approach him . "  He put his hands around my waist , and I managed to put my hand on his shoulder in order to steady myself . As I felt my body go completely limp , my brain switched into automatic-survival mode , " she writes . "  That meant making sure Cosby understood that I knew exactly what was happening at that very moment . " Johnson then repeatedly called Cosby a "  motherf ***** . " "  By the fifth  epithet  , I could tell that I was really pissing him off , " she writes . Cosby yanked her down some stairs "  as my high heels clicked and clacked on every step . I feared my neck was going to break with the force he was using to pull me down those stairs , " she writes . He then hailed a taxi and deposited her inside . There was a short postscript to the story . A few days later , she writes , she tried to call Cosby on a private number so he could "  come clean and explain why he 'd done what he had . " Cosby 's wife , Camille , answered the phone . When Johnson asked to speak to Cosby , Camille told her it was late and they were in bed . Johnson said she 'd call back , but never did . "  In the end , just like the other women , I had too much to lose to go after Bill Cosby , " she writes , adding that she was worried what telling the story would do to her career at a time when she was financially stretched because of her divorce . Johnson says she has wrestled with herself for years . She left the story out of her 2013 memoir because she "  did n't want to get involved in a he-said , she-said situation , " she writes . Talking Friday morning to CNN 's "  New Day , " Johnson said "  it was only maybe 24 hours ago that I finally decided that , yes , this is what I wanted to do . " Her speaking up now was motivated in part to show solidarity with others , like her longtime friend Janice Dickinson  who says Cosby sexually assaulted her in 1982 , a claim attorney Singer has called "  a fabricated lie "  , who have publicly accused Bill Cosby in recent weeks . And Johnson said that she hopes , by going public herself , to encourage anyone has been sexually victimized to speak out . "  This , to me , is not about Bill Cosby . This , to me , is about violence against women , " she said . " ... What I want to see happen is that women come out and speak their truth . "	NEW : Beverly Johnson to CNN : I want more women victims to "  speak the truth " The famed model says Bill Cosby drugged her in 1980s Johnson says she shouted an epithet at Cosby , who finally sent her away Johnson says she was afraid to tell her story before recent allegations
CNN  -- Evangelist Billy Graham was admitted to a hospital overnight for treatment of a pulmonary infection believed to be bronchitis , a North Carolina hospital and his evangelistic association said . "  Upon admission , he was alert and in good spirits , " said the statement , which was released both by Mission Hospital in Asheville and the The Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . The 93-year-old also was hospitalized for pneumonia last November , six months after similarly being admitted to a hospital for the same condition . Since then , he has remained "  in good overall health ... though he continues to remain at home due to age-related conditions , " according to the hospital and the association . The influential preacher went to the hospital for treatment for bronchitis and after developing a "  slight fever overnight , " his spokesman A. Larry Ross said via Twitter . He is being treated with oral antibiotics and improving , at one point Sunday even sitting up in bed to remotely watch his grandson Will Graham give a guest sermon at First Baptist Church in Spartanburg , South Carolina , Ross later said . Graham , who Ross said had no fever by Sunday morning , ate lunch with daughter Gigi and one of his grandchildren at the hospital , where he had been chatting up the staff , said Ross . "  Doctors are encouraged by his progress , and he 's been alert all day ... taking meals  and  sitting up in bed , " Ross said Sunday night . On Sunday , Graham was "  resting comfortably " and in stable condition , Mission Hospital and the association said in their statement , citing pulmonologist David Pucci at the hospital . Physicians expect Graham to remain in the western North Carolina medical facility for "  a couple of days , " according to Ross , who earlier noted that "  no date has been set for discharge . " "  He 's made farther progress than for previous hospitalizations  for pulmonary infections  , " Ross said , adding that Graham is "  in good hands " and "  feels comfortable " at Mission Hospital , where he has previously been treated . Graham , a resident of Montreat , about 18 miles east of Asheville , has provided counsel to generations of U.S. presidents beginning with Harry S. Truman and is the founder of the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association . The Charlotte native has preached to untold millions over six decades , beginning his missionary work in 1944 when he started speaking at rallies for the Youth for Christ Campus Life ministry . Five years later , Graham was holding crusades in tents in downtown Los Angeles . Originally scheduled for three weeks , the crusades drew so many followers they were extended to seven . His "  last crusade " in June 2005 drew 230,000 people . Even with his advanced age and health issues , Graham remains "  actively involved in ministry and writing projects , " his evangelistic association and the hospital said . That includes writing a new book , which is almost done , "  summarizing his Gospel message over the past seven decades of public ministry . " He also has weighed in on hot-button issues of late , including supporting North Carolina 's constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage , which voters passed earlier this year , and last month defending the president of the Chick-fil-A restaurant chain for his opposition to same-sex marriage . Also in July , in a letter released by his organization , Graham leveled deep criticism at the United States . He compared the country to Sodom and Gomorrah , the biblical cities synonymous with sin . "  Self-centered indulgence , pride and a lack of shame over sin are now emblems of the American lifestyle , " Graham wrote . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Graham should be in the hospital for "  a couple of days , " his spokesman says The influential evangelist is believed to have bronchitis , an Asheville hospital says He 's been alert and in good spirits , says the hospital and his evangelistic association The 93-year-old has been in good overall health the past year , after getting pneumonia
CNN  -- NASCAR driver Trevor Bayne has been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis , according to his racing team . Multiple sclerosis is a chronic disease that affects the central nervous system , often causing pain , numbness in the limbs and a loss of vision . Symptoms vary by patient and can disappear for months at a time , making it difficult to diagnose early on . Doctors have cleared Bayne , 22 , to compete , said a statement by Roush Fenway Racing . "  I am in the best shape I 've ever been in , and I feel good , " Bayne said . "  There are currently no symptoms and I 'm committed to continuing to take the best care of my body as possible . " Bayne was the youngest driver in NASCAR history to win the Daytona 500 in 2011 . He said he plans to race in the NASCAR Nationwide Series Championship in 2014 . Daytona 500 fast facts Scientists do not know what causes multiple sclerosis , according to the Mayo Clinic , although a person 's risk increases if a family member has the disease . Women are more likely than men to develop the disease , and it affects Caucasians more than other ethnic groups . More than 2.3 million people worldwide have been diagnosed , according to the National MS Society . With MS , the body 's immune system destroys a fatty substance called myelin that protects nerve fibers in the brain and spinal cord . This causes communication problems between the brain and body , according to the Mayo Clinic , and may damage the nerves permanently . There is currently no cure for MS. Doctors focus treatment on managing the patient 's symptoms and slowing the progression of the disease with medication , physical therapy and an overall healthy lifestyle , such as getting plenty of sleep and eating right . Stress can trigger MS symptoms , so patients often do yoga or meditate to relieve anxiety . As the disease progresses , patients may experience extreme fatigue , balance problems and muscle weakness . Occasionally MS will lead to partial or full paralysis . It is not normally fatal ; most patients with MS have "  a normal or near-normal life expectancy , " the National MS Society says .	Multiple sclerosis is a chronic disease that affects the central nervous system Doctors have cleared Trevor Bayne , 22 , to compete , his racing team says There is no cure for MS , but patients can manage symptoms with medication , healthy lifestyle
CNN  -- An audio message reportedly from al Qaeda 's deputy chief vows revenge for Israel 's air and ground assault on Gaza and calls the Jewish state 's actions against Hamas militants "  a gift " from U.S. President-elect Barack Obama . Al Qaeda 's Ayman al-Zawahiri is said to address Muslims in Gaza in an audio message released Tuesday . The speaker , identified as Ayman al-Zawahiri , addresses Muslims in Gaza . He said the violence "  is one part of a series of a crusade war against Islam and these air strikes are a gift from Obama before he takes office , and  Egyptian President  Hosni Mubarak , that traitor , is the main partner in your siege and killing . " The message , posted Tuesday on various Islamist Web sites with a picture of al-Zawahiri next to an image of a wounded child , urges militants to rally against Israel . "  My Muslim brothers and mujahedeens in Gaza and all over Palestine , with the help of God we are with you in the battle , we will direct our strikes against the crusader Jewish coalition wherever we can . " The 10-minute message also address Muslims worldwide , claiming that Obama was portrayed as "  the savior who will come and change American policy " during the U.S. election but is now "  killing your brothers and sisters in Gaza without mercy or even pity . " Obama 's transition team did not immediately respond to the message . Earlier Tuesday , the president-elect said he was "  deeply concerned " about the loss of life in Gaza and Israel , and he promised to make the issue a top priority in his administration . It was Obama 's first public reaction to the ongoing fighting between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza , which began with Israeli air strikes 11 days ago . He reiterated that only one president can speak for the United States at a time . "  Starting at the beginning of our administration , we are going to engage effectively and consistently to try to resolve the conflicts that exist in the Middle East , " Obama said . CNN Senior International Correspondent Nic Robertson said the al Qaeda message speaks to al-Zawahiri 's cause in two ways : It bashes the new U.S. president before he takes office and it criticizes Mubarak , who has drawn al-Zawahiri 's ire for not allowing goods and aid through Egypt 's border with Gaza . Al-Zawahiri is a native of Egypt who has served jail time there . Robertson , who is reporting from the Israeli-Gaza border , noted on CNN 's "  Situation Room " that al-Zawahiri got the message out quickly -- "  within 12 days , that 's very fast . " He said that indicated "  there 's many issues there that are dear to him . "	Ten-minute message delivered by Ayman al-Zawahiri , a native of Egypt In address , al-Zawahiri says violence a "  gift " from Obama before he takes office The message , on various Islamist Web sites , urges militants to rally against Israel In Obama 's first public reaction to the violence , he says he is "  deeply concerned "
CNN  -- He 's been a principal figure in German football for decades , winning the 1974 World Cup as a player before becoming Bayern Munich 's club president , but Uli Hoeness ' world could come crashing down after being charged with tax evasion on Tuesday . The former Bayern star , who won three European Cups as well as a European Championship title with West Germany in 1972 , could end up in jail for his transgressions . After a months-long probe which has attracted considerable interest in Germany , the 61-year-old has been charged following an investigation into unpaid taxes on a Swiss account in his name . The news comes just two months after Hoeness presided over an unprecedented feat as Bayern became the first German team to win a league , cup and Champions League treble . In a statement , the superior regional court in Munich said it must now decide whether the case brought by the local prosecutor 's office will go to trial . German law states that Hoeness ' defense lawyers now have four weeks to respond to the charges , whereupon a judge will decide whether he can dismiss the charges or allow the case to proceed . "  Due to the volume of the investigation files as well as the fact that a defense request to delay answering to the charges for one month was granted , a decision of the court on starting a trial is not expected before the end of September 2013 , " court spokeswoman Andrea Titz said in the statement . Tax evasion over and above one million euros  $ 1.33 m  carries the threat of both prison and a financial penalty . After his arrest in March , the former Bayern forward had offered to temporarily stand down as club president only for the team 's board to decide that he should stay in office as they monitored the case . Hoeness had been released on bail for $ 6.6 million . After joining Bayern as an 18-year-old in 1970 , Hoeness -- who could play either in midfield or attack -- became a key player for the club , winning three league titles and three straight European Cups between 1974-1976 . His playing career was cut short by a knee injury at the age of 27 , whereupon he joined the club 's staff at a time when Bayern were heavily in debt . After nearly three decades working as the club manager , he replaced former international and club colleague Franz Beckenbauer as Bayern president in 2009 . Nowadays , Bayern are one of the most successful clubs in Europe , with a turnover in its millions , but it is unclear how the tax probe will affect the standing of the powerful club president . The revelations sparked huge controversy in Germany in an election year , with opponents of Chancellor Angela Merkel accusing her of being weak on the issue of tax evasion by wealthy individuals . The Chancellor has previously expressed her disappointment in Hoeness ' conduct . As former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola took charge for the first time in a competitive game , Bayern started their season in disappointing fashion on Saturday when losing the German Super Cup to Borussia Dortmund , the team they beat at Wembley in May . They begin the defense of their Bundesliga title when taking on Borussia Monchengladbach at the Allianz Arena on August 9 .	Bayern Munich president Uli Hoeness charged with tax evasion by a court in Munich Former West German international 's defense team has four weeks to answer charges Issues relates to unspecified Swiss bank account in Hoeness ' name
CNN  -- Fans of that sizzling , steamy , saucy , sexy , sensational novel , "  Fifty Shades of Grey , " can now plan their own erotic romps through the Pacific Northwest with a domineering billionaire by reserving one of several hotel packages looking to capitalize on the bestseller 's -- 19 million copies at the last count -- popularity . First , a quick brief on the book , the first in the Portland/Seattle-set trilogy by British author E.L. James . As if you have n't heard of it . Much like watching a Michael Bay film , you do n't read "  Fifty Shades " for its intelligent wordplay or skillfully crafted plot . It 's pure , unapologetic smut , dubbed "  mommy porn " in honor of the millions of 30-something women reading it . "  Fifty Shades of Grey " features two main characters : the young , awkward Anastasia Steele and the dark and brooding Christian Grey . Steele is an innocent student , Grey an eccentric billionaire with a penchant for S&M . They meet under unlikely circumstances , then have lots and lots of sex in all sorts of different places . Some other stuff happens . The end . Photos : Casting '50 Shades of Grey ' ` Live out your fantasies ' These days , Seattle and Portland 's tourism players are wising up to the potential benefits of being the main settings for the popular series , with hotels now marketing packages tailored around the Steele/Grey lovefest . One warning : S&M amenities are n't included , so you 'll have to bring your own whips and chains . '50 Shades ' spurs spike in sex toy sales ? First up is Hotel Max , which was featured in the book . They 've recently launched a new "  Fifty Shades of Seattle " offer . "  This package brings together all of the only-in-Seattle experiences in the bestselling ` Shades of Grey novels , ' " says the hotel 's marketing spiel . "  Live out your fantasies with a two-night getaway in an Artist King room on the romantic 8th floor . During your stay , enjoy chauffeured town car service , a helicopter tour of the city and a private four-hour skippered sailing excursion on Puget Sound with gourmet picnic and a bottle of Bollinger Grande AnnÃ © e RosÃ © 1999 Champagne , a favorite of Mr. Grey himself . " CNNGo : World 's 50 best beaches Channeling your inner Anastasia for two nights at the Max will cost US$ 1,669 , plus tax . Another Seattle hotel looking to capitalize on the book is The Edgewater . This one is n't in the novel , but their "  50 Shades Of Romance " package more than makes up for it in terms of creativity . Guests stay in a "  Premium Waterside " suite , go on a sailing excursion around Puget Sound , knock back a bottle of Bollinger and are even given a map of Seattle sites that appear in the book , which they can check out when they test drive an Audi sports car , just like the one Grey bought Steele in the book .  Well played , Edgewater . The Edgewater Hotel 's "  50 Shades " package starts from US$ 914 . CNNGo : How to reject propositions and other flight attendant tips You want to do what with that tie ? In Portland , The Heathman Hotel is making the most of its appearance in "  Fifty Shades of Grey . " Having already read the book , we do n't need to tell you that this is where Grey and Steele enjoyed a few naughty moments , as well as Steele 's birthday party . In honor of Mr Grey 's chopper , The Heathman is offering a "  Charlie Tango No Limits " add-on package that includes appetizers and white wine at the hotel restaurant for six people , a helicopter tour of Portland , roses for the women , dinner at the hotel and limo transfers . The price of this one is US$ 2,750 . The Heathman also has an "  Inner Goddess " add-on for US$ 40 , which includes a bottle of chilled white wine and a grey tie . In response to The Heathman 's Facebook post announcing the add-ons , one lady remarked : "  If only you could include Mr. Grey in your package . You would be sold-out forever . " Between mommy porn , "  Magic Mike " and Spanx , has there ever been a better time to be a middle-aged woman ? © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Hotels in Portland and Seattle are taking advantage of mentions in bestsellers Packages include sailing and helicopter excursions Note : S&M amenities are not included
CNN  -- You know how good it feels when you fish a $ 10 bill out of your jeans pocket right before it hits the wash . Imagine coming into hundreds of dollars from a savings bond or a bank account you forgot about . Could there be a pile of money waiting for you to find it ? You may get a letter from a company saying you have unclaimed money or property , and for a fee , you 'll be able to reclaim it . But before you pay for this service , remember there are plenty of free Web sites that will help reunite you with your treasures . There 's almost $ 33 billion in unclaimed money from old payroll checks , utility refunds , trust distributions , stocks , banking or checking accounts , certificates of deposit and the contents of safe deposit boxes , according to estimates by the National Association of Unclaimed Property Administrators . Property is considered abandoned if there has been no activity on it for more than three years , according to Steve Larson of NAUPA . Such money is turned over to the state of your last known address , and the state holds the money in its coffers until you or your heirs claim it . There is no time limit to claim most abandoned property . In fact , years from now , your great-great grandchildren could claim it . To find your hidden money , go to http://www.missingmoney.com/ , an official database for the NAUPA that has records from most state unclaimed property programs . You can also link to your individual state unclaimed property program . If you come across records that indicate there may be money left in an old bank account , find out if the bank is still in business . For that , go to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 's Web site at www.fdic.gov . Look under "  Bank Find , " and you 'll be able to see the history of the bank , including any mergers . But if your bank failed , and you do n't claim those funds within a year and a half , the money in your account is turned over to the FDIC . To search for the failed bank , go to www2.fdic.gov / funds/index . asp . If you do n't claim the money after a few years , you 'll lose what 's in your account , says David Barr of the FDIC . "  There 's quite a bit of unclaimed property out there , " he says . Savings bonds Anything you 're supposed to keep for 30 years is bound to slip your mind . In fact , there are more than $ 15 billion worth of savings bonds that have stopped earning interest but have n't been claimed , according to the Treasury Department . If you have savings bonds that are still earning interest , but you have no idea where the documents are or how much they 're worth , get in touch with the record-keeping office of the U.S. Treasury Department . As long as you have enough information -- like when the bonds were issued or the Social Security number on the bond -- the Treasury Department will replace or reissue your bond . If you stumble across savings bonds that have stopped earning interest , or you think you may have had a bond or two as a kid , go to treasurydirect.gov/indiv/indiv.htm and look under "  Treasury Hunt . " This search mechanism will tell you if there are any bonds in your name . If there are unclaimed bonds , a member of the Treasury Department can contact you . There is no statute of limitations on claiming savings bonds . No matter how old they are , the money stays there for you or your heirs to claim , and the Treasury Department must respond to a claim . "  We want to get those off our books , " says Steve Meyerhardt of the Treasury Department . "  It does n't do us any good to be hanging on to the funds . " Pensions Pensions may be going the way of the dinosaur , but there 's still plenty of cash left from people who forgot to claim them . There 's about $ 133 million in unclaimed pension funds , says Gary Pastorius of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation , the federal pension insurance program . About 32,000 people may have pension money just sitting around . The PBGC takes over pension plans if a company goes out of business . If the employer ca n't locate people that have left the company , the PBGC tries to track them down . If you think you may have left a pension plan somewhere , you can check with the PBGC at search.pbgc.gov / mp / . There , you can type in your name and company in a search tool . Finding unexpected cash is n't hard as long as you know where to look . If an asset locator contacts you about unclaimed property , take the time to use the search tools . Asset locators generally charge a 10 to 20 percent fee to find your unclaimed funds . While this can be a legitimate service , you 're being asked to pay for something you can do for free . "  These asset finders are providing something of value , " says Joe Ridout of Consumer Action , a nonprofit consumer watchdog group . "  But you can do it yourself with a few mouse clicks . " E-mail to a friend	You or your relatives may be able to find lost money for free There 's almost $ 33 billion in unclaimed checks , utility refunds , stocks , bank accounts MissingMoney.com and FDIC are good places to start PBGC locates pensions , Treasury tracks bonds
CNN  -- The world economy may be bracing for another grim year , but political donors in the United States are breaking out their checkbooks to finance what is expected to be the most expensive presidential election in American history . The Center for Responsive Politics estimates $ 6 billion will be spent in the U.S. elections by campaigns , political parties and corporations hoping to propel their candidates into the White House and what writer Mark Twain once called the "  best Congress money can buy . " The projected price tag of the 2012 U.S. election dwarfs that of other nations , but corruption monitors from Transparency International  TI  say it 's not just how much will be spent but where the money is coming from that threatens the integrity of politics around the world . United Kingdom While the trajectory for spending in U.S. elections is soaring , total party spending in the 2010 general election in the United Kingdom was actually 26 % less than in 2005 . But despite the fact party spending dropped to $ 49 million , the absence of limits on the amount individuals or corporations can donate has contributed to the ongoing erosion of public confidence in the political process in the UK , according to one watchdog organization . "  When donors are making contributions exceeding Â # 20,000  $ 31,000  -- and some are making donations well over Â # 250,000  $ 390,000  -- it 's perfectly understandable you do n't give away that kind of money without expecting something in return , " Chandu Krishnan , executive director of TI UK . In November 2011 , a UK advisory body recommended increased public funding as one way to avoid future scandals and limit the influence of big donors in elections , but the three main political parties rejected the proposal . Norway Krishnan , citing Scandinavia as a model , believes increased public funding would cut down party dependence on large donations and give the election system more credibility . In Norway , government funding accounted for 74 % of political parties ' income in 2010 , according to Statistics Norway . And unlike in the U.S. , where candidates and their supporters can buy as much television time as they can afford , political ads are banned from television and radio . India Corruption monitors say the lack of public funding in India , the world 's largest democracy , has contributed to a staggering influx of under the table corporate contributions to candidates that has undercut the integrity of recent elections . Intelligence reports received by India 's Electoral Commission suggested that upwards of $ 2 billion in so-called "  black money " will be spent to influence the Uttar Pradesh state elections this year , according to Anupama Jha , executive director of TI India . "  Everybody knows about black money , " Jha told CNN . "  Corporations are expected to donate no more than 5 percent of their profits , but they pay more than that under the table . Those who donate funds also control the politicians , and the politicians  become  more accountable to their sponsors than to their constituents . " India 's Electoral Commission told CNN it is committed to curbing the use of money power in elections . But it 's not just corporate black money that 's a problem , but the buying of votes in poor areas with hard cash , and sometimes with smuggled liquor . In the 2009 election in Tamil Nadu , a state with a population roughly the size of France , 33.4 % of voters received money from candidates ' supporters for their vote , according to a poll by India 's Centre of Media Studies -- and in 2011 , voters were lured to the polls with blenders , grinders and other household appliances . But Ja says there 's a lack of political will to bring about fundamental change in politics in India . "  It 's extremely difficult to get into politics if you do n't grease somebody 's palm , " she said . "  This is why good people do n't want to contest elections ... so ultimately you vote for corrupt people , because those are the only people you have to choose from . " Russia Corruption monitors say the issue of big money in politics pales in comparison to the abuse of government resources by the United Russia party of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who announced on March 04 he had won Russia 's presidential election , returning the former KGB officer to the office he held from 2000 to 2008 . While there are no limitations on the amount U.S. political parties can spend on televison ads , broadcast time in Russia is doled out on a limited basis , and is proportionate to the results of the last election . But as opposition parties prepare ads to maximize a limited amount of television time , nightly news broadcasts on state-run channels are filled with stories of United Russia politicians repairing hospitals , or opening new underground rail stations -- officials benefitting politically from initiatives paid for with taxpayer money . "  There are two sets of rules in Russia -- one set for parties who are paying out of their own pockets , and another for the party and candidates with access to public resources , " says Elena Panfilova , head of TI Russia . While opposition parties must finance campaign trips around the country during election season , incumbent politicians can campaign during official state-funded trips , according to Panfilova . Abuse of media and Russia 's public resources may be time-tested tools of incumbents here , but that has n't stopped United Russia from trying other ways to get a leg up on the competition . In November a crowd at a concert in Siberia rained down boos on veteran rock band Mashina Vremeni -- Time Machine in English -- when they were introduced by an emcee who announced that the concert was backed by United Russia and awarded them medals from the local governor . "  The parties try to hijack whatever they can hijack in Russia , " Panfilova told CNN . Brazil Another country where big money and elections go hand in hand is Brazil , Latin America 's largest country and one of the world 's fastest growing economies . Roughly $ 2 billion was spent by parties and candidates in the 2010 presidential election , according to Claudio Weber Abramo , executive director of TI Brazil . Nearly 98 % of winner Dilma Rouseff 's campaign donations -- and 95.5 % of her main opponent 's -- came from corporations , says Abramo . Abramo says corporations donated 99.04 % of all money spent in Sao Paulo , Brazil 's most populous state , during the 2010 election -- a reflection mainly of voters ' apathy and politicians ' failure to form relationships with their constituents . "  This is an enormous problem , " Abramo told CNN . "  The distribution of money reveals something deeper in the Brazilian political landscape , which is that citizens are not very much concerned about supporting parties and having a political life . " While some observers want to ban corporate spending outright , Abramo says that will only make it harder to track corporate influence on politics in the country . "  The interests are still there even if you prohibit corporations from donating to candidates above the board , " he told CNN . "  They will do it in a hidden way , and they will lose visibility . " Nigeria While political finance watchdogs such as the Center for Responsive Politics monitor the amount of money spent during U.S. elections , a financial adviser for the International Foundation for Electoral Systems says no reliable information exists for how much money was spent during the 2011 presidential election in Nigeria . While Nigerian law gives the country 's election commission the right to set a maximum spending limit for parties , the commission neglected to do so before the 2011 election , according to Magnus Ohman . "  Parties can do whatever they want , there 's no limit to the amount they can spend , " Ohman told CNN . "  Candidates do have limits , but the money they get from their parties is excluded from that limit . " While the 2011 elections were hailed as a step forward in Nigeria 's evolution as a young democracy , the lack of restraint on political spending is a worrying development for election monitors . "  It really was an expensive election not only at a presidential level but also at the gubernatorial level , especially down in the south , " said Ohman . "  It 's an electoral system where you need to spend . " UK corruption monitor Chandu Krishnan says an ever-increasing amount of money in elections is a global problem . "  In many countries across the world , the cost of elections is increasing , " he told CNN . "  If parties and politicians ca n't find the resources from the state , there is an increasing desperation to seek them from private sources -- and that is where the corruption comes in . " CNN 's Claudia Maiko Brunner contributed to this report .	An estimated $ 6 billion will be spent by candidates , parties and outside groups in the 2012 U.S. election Corruption monitors say billions of dollars in ` black money ' are undermining the integrity of India 's elections 98 % of donations to Brazil 's 2010 presidential election winner came from corporations , TI Brazil says Monitors say United Russia abuses government resources to gain an edge on opponents
New York  CNN  -- The first of three surgeries needed to construct the right ear of 9-year-old Aidan Sullivan came one step closer over the weekend after a New York charity donated $ 7,000 to replace money stolen from child 's fund-raiser . Aidan 's parents , Tim and Colleen Sullivan , received a call from The Vincent Crotty Memorial Fund of Suffern , New York , on Saturday to tell them it would contribute $ 7,000 toward the cost of the boy 's upcoming surgery . "  They heard about our story on news and in the papers , " Colleen Sullivan said . "  They called us up and came over and presented us with the check . " She said she and her husband "  feel honored " that the charity chose their son , who suffers from a congenital disorder that has caused deformities in his jaw and skull . The money replaces cash reported stolen after a fund-raiser in Connecticut last weekend . Danbury , Connecticut , police Lt. Tom Michael said $ 7,000 in cash and $ 1,000 in checks were missing after a November 20 event sponsored by the Ancient Order of Hibernians , an Irish Catholic fraternal organization . Peter Crotty , whose charity 's contribution matches the missing cash , said the donation "  seemed like the right thing to do . " Crotty said he read about the stolen donations on Thanksgiving and was saddened by the emotional distress inflicted on the Sullivans . Crotty founded his charity after the March death of his 18-year-old son and his son 's best friend , Chris Konkowski , in a car accident while driving to baseball practice . He said Aidan 's story caught his attention because of his own family 's experience , "  because it was about a young boy and the emotional sadness and anxiety that people feel due to loss . " Crotty said his organization has received four other contributions nationwide from families who want to get involved . The $ 7,000 will go toward a scheduled March 1 procedure needed to reconstruct Aidan 's missing right ear . While this will not cover all of his needed surgery , his parents are said they were grateful and excited . "  I was crying and touched , " Colleen Sullivan said . "  There was this feeling of everything is going to be OK . "	Charity donates $ 7,000 to replace cash reported stolen from child 's medical fund Founder said he was touched by Aidan Sullivan 's story Surgery to replace Aidan 's missing right ear is scheduled for March 1
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Mat Kearney has every right to be frustrated . Mat Kearney 's music has gotten a boost through music video channels and "  Grey 's Anatomy . " As he walks to his tour bus behind Hollywood 's Palladium -- where he 'll play in a few hours -- he 's already had to cope with logistical snafus , shortened sound checks and general confusion . And the tour is just beginning . There are more than 30 cities and 10 weeks to come . But as he approaches the bus , he is completely overtaken by an obscure flower hanging off a fence behind the venue . "  I 've never seen anything like that , " he says , looking at the blue-and-white bloom . "  I 've got to take one of these . " Kearney should be smelling the flowers . His music , such as the song "  Nothing Left to Lose , " has received consistent airplay on music TV channels -- which earned him a headlining slot on a VH1-sponsored tour -- and repeated appearances in TV and film . Most notably , "  Grey 's Anatomy " used his song "  Breathe In , Breathe Out . " His new album , "  City of Black & White "  Aware/Columbia  , is out Tuesday . Watch the video for the single "  Closer to Love " " The Oregon-born musician , 30 , sat down with CNN to talk about his songwriting journey , combining a big sound with personal observations and a certain "  weird TV show . " The following is an edited version of that interview . CNN : How important was Nashville , Tennessee , in your decision to be a songwriter ? Mat Kearney : The first year I moved to Nashville , I started playing these songwriter nights with people like Nickel Creek , Duncan Sheik and even Ryan Adams . ... That was the first place I really started playing music and I had to really step up my game . Really quick . Or get kicked off the stage . CNN : This whirlwind world tour you completed last year -- how did it impact this new album and you personally ? Kearney : That tour was three years long . -LSB- So -RSB- this record was a return back to community in Nashville and to sing . ... So , -LSB- the tour -RSB- created this void for wanting to connect in a local way . So many things happen when you 're not out there running and gunning . Falling in love with someone , getting your heart broken , being around friends -- that stuff can only happen when you stick around for a while . CNN : What 's the significance of the title -- "  City of Black & White " ? Kearney : The title track I wrote in Istanbul . We stayed in this place that overlooked the Bosporus , which splits Europe from Asia . The song is about worlds colliding , being that far away from home , and also longing to be with someone you love in that distant land . ... It seemed like a good cornerstone to build the record on . CNN : You 're an avid traveler , but this record is more concerned with planting roots . How do you reconcile the two ? Kearney : I do n't think , to be a traveler , you have to reject setting roots up . That 's the fun of this whole journey for me . There are people I love in Nashville and would not want to go a day without talking to , but I want to see the world . The record is coming out of an experience of reconciling those two things . I played 275 shows for two years straight . You have to travel between those shows . So you 're gone . Some of those experiences shape the record . There 's a romantic side to it . This is n't a one-night stand record . It 's not youthful idealism that 's going after the masses . There 's some ideas of , say , that prodigal son who has walked away from you and you 're sitting there saying , "  I 'm here for you if you need me . " CNN : The sound is big but the lyrics are intensely personal . How did you meld those ideas together ? Kearney : Yeah , it 's like the biggest song is one of the most personal . "  Fire and Rain " -LSB- not the James Taylor song -RSB- is a crazy four-on-the-floor song , but it 's a song about someone who has left you . Something about the juxtaposition of those two seem so interesting to me . I did n't plan it . It just kind of happened . CNN : You 're one of the last musicians I have seen actually get airplay on -LSB- music television channels -RSB- , and you broke through because of it . Kearney : It 's interesting how my music has gained success being accompanied by images . When I was in college I wanted to study film . My first passion was to be a cinematographer . So maybe there 's something innate in my music where it partners well with images . It 's worked on weird TV shows where doctors are making out and people getting logs pulled out of their stomachs -LSB- laughs -RSB- . Somehow my music seems to work with that . CNN : How did your music become such an integral part of that show -LSB- "  Grey 's Anatomy " -RSB- ? Kearney : I really do n't know . Somebody somewhere ... started using these songs and they seem to work . There are certain songs that lend themselves to images . No one 's licensing -LSB- Katy Perry 's -RSB- "  I Kissed a Girl " and putting it in shows . That 's a narrow-focused message that does n't need much -LSB- in the way of -RSB- images .	Mat Kearney enjoys growing success ; new album is "  City of Black & White " Kearney has earned airplay on TV , including "  Grey 's Anatomy " Kearney likes juxtaposition of personal lyrics , big musical sound
CNN  -- This might sound a bit nutty , but U.S. researchers are using robot squirrels to learn more about how real ones interact with their main predator , rattlesnakes . The lifelike robot , built by a team from the University of California , Davis , can replicate two behaviors squirrels display when confronted by a rattlesnake . Research by the late Donald Owings , professor of psychology at UC Davis , observed that rather than scamper off squirrels would approach a snake "  head-first in an elongated posture , making flagging movements with their tails . " He also discovered their tails heat up , which is picked up by a snake 's infrared sensor . But in the wild there is no way to separate the "  heat " and the "  flagging , " say researchers . And that 's where the robot comes in . Out in the field near San Jose , researchers set up "  robosquirrel " and a video camera near a foraging snake before retreating out of sight . The snakes observed appear to accept the robot as real , with one snake even biting the robot 's head , according to researchers . This does n't happen often in the wild says Clark , because squirrels possess a "  remarkable ability " to dodge a snake attack . "  Snakes will rarely strike a flagging adult squirrel , and if they do they almost always miss , " said Rulon Clark , assistant professor of biology at San Diego State University . It 's still not clear why squirrels approach such a deadly predator , but Clark says they maybe trying to assess the nature of the threat . In some cases snakes will leave the area after an encounter . "  Robosquirrel " joins a growing list of robot creatures created by UC Davis which include a robot lizard -- used to study display behavior in anole lizards in the Puerto Rican jungle . Another saw the use of a robot sage grouse hen to study their real-life mating habits .	Researchers in California create robot squirrel to study behavior of rattlesnakes "  Robosquirrel " replicates two key behaviors observed in the wild when confronted by the predator
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Two Libyan convoys have passed through Niger this week , officials there said Tuesday -- fueling renewed speculation about the whereabouts of ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . One convoy was on its way Tuesday to Niger 's capital , Niamey , said a Nigerien military captain . Another convoy reached Niamey a day earlier , a Nigerien Interior Ministry official said . That convoy included six high-ranking Libyan officials close to Gadhafi , including Gen. Mansour Daw , the source said . Daw is said to be the head of the Revolutionary Guard and is responsible for the security of Gadhafi and his family . The sources did not want to be identified because neither is authorized to speak to the media . Niamey is in Niger 's southwest corner , near Burkina Faso . Burkina Faso 's government told CNN Tuesday that it has not offered Gadhafi asylum , contrary to news reports . If Gadhafi were to enter the country , Burkina Faso would "  respect our obligation in the context of the International Criminal Court , " said government spokesman Alain Edouard Traore . Gadhafi , his son Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and the former head of military intelligence , Abdullah Al-Senussi , face charges in the ICC at The Hague for crimes against humanity related to the regime 's violent crackdown against anti-government protesters . The court issued warrants for their arrests . Niger and Burkina Faso are signatories to the Rome Statute , meaning they recognize the court 's authority . In August , Burkina Faso 's Foreign Minister Yipene Djibril Bassolet announced that his country was recognizing the rebels ' National Transitional Council as Libya 's government . When asked what would happen if Gadhafi came to the country , Bassolet responded that Gadhafi could come , but that the government would respect its ICC obligations , Traore said . The African Union has called on its member states -- which include Burkina Faso -- to refuse the ICC arrest warrants . In July , the AU called on the U.N. Security Council to activate Article 16 of the Rome Statute , which prevents any investigation or prosecution for a year . The AU argued that the ICC arrest warrants seriously complicated efforts to find a negotiated political solution in Libya . Traore told CNN that despite the AU postion , Burkina Faso would "  respect our obligation in the context of the ICC . " An AU representative could not be reached immediately on Tuesday . Gadhafi has historically been a strong supporter of the African Union and has channeled large sums of money its way . Traore said Gadhafi was not in his country , and that the Burkina Faso government was not expecting Gadhafi and does n't know where he is . Abdallah Kenshil , chief negotiator for the National Transitional Council , said Tuesday a convoy left the pro-Gadhafi stronghold of Bani Walid three days ago . "  We believe that Saif al-Islam Gadhafi was part of that convoy , " Kenshil said . NATO said Tuesday that while it "  continuously receives reports " about weapons , vehicles and even convoys of vehicles moving throughout Libya , "  we do not discuss the intelligence and surveillance information we collect . " "  To be clear , our mission is to protect the civilian population in Libya , not to track and target thousands of fleeing former regime leaders , mercenaries , military commanders and internally displaced people , " a NATO official said in an e-mailed statement . On Monday , Gadhafi spokesman Musa Ibrahim told Syrian al-Rai TV by phone that Gadhafi was "  in excellent health " and that "  no one will be able to know where he physically is . " Meanwhile , representatives of Libya 's transitional leadership met with tribal leaders in Bani Walid Tuesday to reiterate that pro-Gadhafi forces will not be harmed if they surrender peacefully . "  We want them to hear it from us again that we will not harm , kill or hurt anyone if they drop their weapons , " Kenshil said . He added that the NTC made clear there will be no retribution for residents of Bani Walid and that the new leadership of Libya will respect property rights . "  We follow the law and order , " Kenshil told CNN . "  This is a new Libya . " "  We do n't have a deal yet , but we are very optimistic and very confident that the tribal leaders of Bani Walid will persuade Gadhafi loyalists and forces to drop their weapons and resolve this peacefully . " Kenshil said rebels believe there are "  several big fish " from the Gadhafi regime in Bani Walid . For more than six months , Libyans have demanded democratic reforms and an end to Gadhafi 's 42-year rule . The unrest exploded into a civil war , and Gadhafi 's regime crumbled after anti-Gadhafi fighters stormed the capital of Tripoli in late August . Gadhafi 's wife , two of his sons and other relatives fled to Algeria recently , deepening mistrust between the new Libyan leadership and its neighbor . But Algeria said it acted on humanitarian grounds . Journalist Ibbo Daddy Abdoulaye in Niamey , Niger , and CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report	NEW : Burkina Faso says despite the African Union position , it would respect the International Criminal Court NEW : "  We follow the law and order , " rebel council chief negotiator says Burkina Faso says it has not offered Gadhafi asylum 6 high-ranking officials were in a convoy , a source in Niger 's interior ministry says
CNN  -- Edward Snowden will join the ranks of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , Ali G and Marge Simpson when he delivers an "  alternative " Christmas greeting to British television viewers Wednesday . The National Security Agency leaker will urge listeners to rally against mass government surveillance when he gives Channel 4 's annual Alternative Christmas Message , which follows Queen Elizabeth II 's traditional Christmas broadcast . "  Together we can find a better balance , end mass surveillance and remind the government that if it really wants to know how we feel , asking is always cheaper than spying , " Snowden will say in the Wednesday address , according to a transcript that Channel 4 released a day in advance . Channel 4 's alternative address tradition , begun in 1993 , has included addresses from Ahmadinejad , then the Iranian president ; Ali G , a character played by comedian Sacha Baron Cohen ; an injured Afghan war veteran ; and a survivor of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . In 2004 , the cartoon character Marge from "  The Simpsons " gave the greeting . Snowden , a former NSA contractor , is living in asylum in Russia after leaking U.S. surveillance secrets to the news media earlier this year . He is wanted in the United States on espionage charges . In his address , Snowden will assert that the types of surveillance imagined in George Orwell 's "  1984 " are "  nothing compared to what we have available today . " "  We have sensors in our pockets that track us everywhere we go . Think about what this means for the privacy of the average person , " the transcript reads . "  A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all . " "  The conversation occurring today will determine the amount of trust we can place both in the technology that surrounds us and the government that regulates it , " the transcript reads .	NSA leaker Edward Snowden to deliver Christmas message on British TV Channel 4 has broadcast alternative to queen 's traditional message since 1993 Snowden : "  A child born today will grow up with no conception of privacy at all . "
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Waves of severe thunderstorms streaked through downtown Atlanta on Saturday , hours after a tornado left a trail of destruction through the heart of the city . An Atlanta sidewalk is heaved up by an oak tree toppled in Friday night 's storm . A swath of uprooted and broken trees , downed utility lines , peeled-off roofs and collapsed brick walls marked the path of the tornado that struck around 9:40 p.m. Friday . "  This was clearly a tornado , " Lans Rothfusz of the National Weather Service 's Peachtree City , Georgia , office said . He rated the storm an EF-2 on the Enhanced Fujita scale , meaning it packed top winds of 130 miles per hour . Utility and cleanup crews worked Saturday to restore traffic lights , clear streets and remove tons of debris in the city 's business district after Friday night 's unusual urban storm . Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin and Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue declared states of emergency . Police in Atlanta were urging people to stay away from downtown , fearing shattered glass and hanging metal would continue to fall from buildings as new storms rolled through . See a map of the downtown damage " A heavy thunderstorm prompted another tornado warning as it plowed across Atlanta just south of downtown Saturday afternoon . More storms were seen forming in Alabama and heading toward Atlanta . At least two people were killed Saturday afternoon as the same line of storms destroyed structures elsewhere in northern Georgia . Trees blown down in Friday night 's storm crushed a row of houses in the city 's historic Cabbagetown district just east of downtown . Initial estimates from the mayor 's office said at least 20 of the historic homes were damaged or destroyed by the tornado . Atlanta police Maj. Renee Propes urged people to stay away from Cabbagetown . See photos of the destruction " "  We appreciate the fact that people may want to help , " Propes said . "  But , in most instances , they are hindering our efforts and possibly putting people and property at risk . " The top floor collapsed at one building in the Fulton Cotton Mill Lofts , a 104-year-old industrial complex redeveloped into residences . Police officials said everyone was out of the structure and surrounding buildings and all residents in the lofts had been accounted for . Watch firefighters search building " Across the street , headstones were toppled in the historic Oakland Cemetery . About 10,000 customers were without power Saturday morning , according to Georgia Power , but by about 5:35 p.m. Saturday that number had mushroomed to 41,000 customers statewide . Crews were working to restore power but were pulled back when waves of bad weather threatened . Earlier , Georgia Power spokesman John Sell said more than 40 power poles were broken by Friday night 's tornado . Some customers will not have power restored until Sunday , Sell said -- and it could be even longer if weather hinders crews ' efforts . Watch a report on problems amid the cleanup " Part of Atlanta 's MARTA mass-transit rail system was shut down because of damage east of downtown . The twister is the first to strike downtown Atlanta since record-keeping began in the late 1800s , said Laura Griffith , a National Weather Service forecaster . On March 24 , 1975 , a tornado hit the city 's Buckhead area , including the governor 's mansion , she said . Three people died and more than 150 were injured . The weather service said Friday 's tornado plowed a path about 6 miles long and 200 yards wide . The twister appears to have first struck several houses and churches in the Vine City neighborhood west of the business district , then moved on to the Georgia Dome , CNN Center , Centennial Olympic Park and Cabbagetown . A brick apartment building in Vine City was roofless Saturday morning . Curtains waved through broken windows high up the cylindrical 73-story Westin Peachtree Plaza hotel downtown . Gaping holes were torn in the roof of the Georgia World Congress Center , and an auto parts warehouse just east of downtown partially collapsed . Watch a stairway become a waterfall " Although tens of thousands of people were in the path of the storm -- many in town for a major college basketball tournament -- there were no known deaths and just one life-threatening injury , police said . About 30 people -- one of them a firefighter -- were treated at hospitals , mostly for minor cuts , scrapes and bruises , police said . The American Red Cross reported about 70 people were using one shelter it established , and a second was added later in the morning . The storm struck the 71,000-seat Georgia Dome at 9:45 p.m. during a Southeastern Conference tournament basketball game . It shattered windows and tore roofs from buildings -- including CNN Center -- before continuing into several residential neighborhoods . Mahsud Olufani , an Atlanta painter and sculptor with a studio in Cabbagetown , said , "  It looks like a bomb went off , it looks like World War III . " A large hole could be seen in the 14th floor of a high-rise dorm at Georgia State University in downtown Atlanta . Students were evacuated from the area on buses . The storm interrupted a Southeastern Conference game between Alabama and Mississippi State . "  It was actually in overtime , and the game was getting exciting , and I thought people from the Alabama side were hitting the bleachers trying to get some noise going , " said basketball fan Lucas Shields . "  All of a sudden the TV went out , the overhead clock stopped working , and you hear that distinctive noise of a train . " Amanda Reimann , an iReporter and University of Georgia cheerleader , said she and her teammates heard a loud noise . "  It sounded like the fans were banging on the seats or stomping their feet , but it kept up and got a lot louder , " she said . "  Then the ceiling of the Dome started waving , the giant TV screens were waving , and light fixures and dust started falling . "  My teammates and I thought it was a bomb but our coach came running for us and a security guy and said it was a tornado . We all ran for the locker room . " Watch what happened inside the dome " The game resumed about an hour later , but a later game between Kentucky and Georgia was postponed . A professional basketball game at Philips Arena next door was not disrupted , but the thousands attending that game also had to make their way home through the storm debris . Police closed several streets in the vicinity of CNN Center because of glass and other debris . Two of Centennial Olympic Park 's towering Olympic torches were toppled and a performance pavilion was destroyed . Watch a man pick through the debris " Inside CNN Center , water poured through the damaged roof into the building 's atrium . Glass shattered , and parts of the building filled with dust . Virtually all of the windows facing Centennial Olympic Park on the Omni Hotel , which is adjacent to CNN Center , were shattered . Visitors to the hotel were moved to the facility 's exhibition hall at street level . Watch scenes of the destruction " CNN moved its national desk operation to another location Saturday after parts of the ceiling fell in , and CNN International aired domestic programming . Windows also shattered in the CNN.com newsroom , and CNN 's library was damaged . Slabs of metal and insulation material were strewn on the streets outside . Heaps of bricks and drywall were pushed up against cars . Street signs were bent in half . The city 's St. Patrick 's Day celebration and the SEC parade set for Saturday morning were canceled . SEC tournament games were to be moved to the Alexander Memorial Coliseum at Georgia Tech in Atlanta 's undamaged Midtown area . E-mail to a friend	Mayor , governor declare states of emergency Police urge people to stay away from damaged neighborhood Strong thunderstorm prompts new tornado warning in Atlanta Storms kill two elsewhere in northern Georgia
CNN  When packing for a vacation on Kepler 16-b , it 's good to remember the sunscreen . It does , after all , have two suns . OK , so a long weekend visiting a planet 1,200 trillion miles away , may not be a realistic prospect just yet , but that has n't stopped scientists at NASA from dreaming . To mark the exciting discovery of a slew of potentially distant habitable worlds by its Kepler space observatory , the U.S. space agency 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory at the California Institute of Technology has created a series of posters advertising imaginary vacations to some of them . Rendered in the retro style of classic travel billboards of the 1920s , '30s and '40s , the posters depict these distant worlds as pleasurable destinations . The image for Kepler 16-b -- previously compared to the fictional "  Star Wars " planet of Tatooine because of its dual suns -- shows a space-suited figure basking in the light from the twin orbs overhead . "  Relax on Kepler 16-b , " the poster says . "  The land of two suns ... Where your shadow always has company . " Although the planet is depicted as a rocky , terrestrial world , NASA says it could also be a gas giant like Saturn with freezing temperatures that would make it hostile to known lifeforms . A second poster shows an astronaut free-falling to experience the powerful gravity over HD 40307g , a "  Super Earth " 44 light years -- or 264 trillion miles -- away . The third depicts Kepler-186f  even further away at 500 light years  with a scene of red trees held back by a white picket fence . The planet has been previously described as "  Earth 's cousin " because it 's similar in size to our own world . Because it orbits a cooler , redder sun there 's speculation that if plants did grow here , they 'd be a different color to our own vegetation . Where the grass is redder "  Kepler-186f , where the grass is always redder on the other side , " the poster 's slogan reads . The posters , available to download for free via JPL 's website , are the work of the space agency 's visual strategists Joby Harris , David Delgado and Dan Goods , who were inspired by the new discoveries being made by Kepler . "  I was thinking ... we may be not alone , " Delgado tells CNN . "  We 're entering a new part of our humanity and one of the natural things that came to mind is what would it be like to visit them ... and would n't it be fun to make vacation posters . "  It felt like a natural fit . " Harris , the lead artist , was inspired by the enduring appeal of vintage art deco-style posters . "  I remember sitting in meetings with the scientists thinking ` oh my goodness , science fiction is now becoming science non-fiction ' , " he says . "  People gravitate toward those old posters . They hang them on their walls even today and you want to go there . They 're a celebration of place . "  So we thought we 'd produce some of our own and come up with funny tag lines that would get people dreaming about what it would be like to go there . " The three posters were released just as NASA announced Kepler 's latest discoveries , bringing its planetary tally to more than 1,000 alien worlds since its launch in 2009 . According to Delgado , three more posters are in the works , but progress is slow because the theories about what these newly found planets look like can change from day to day . Still , as he points out , the NASA team might not be the only artists at work . "  Maybe on one of these other planets , they 're making posters about visiting here . "	NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory has produced vintage-style posters advertising trips to new planets Posters evoke golden age of travel from last century with classic art deco graphics and fonts Actual travel to newly discovered planets is unlikely for now as they 're trillions of miles away
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- An international donors ' conference on Darfur kicked off Sunday in Doha with the hope of raising $ 7.25 billion to bring aid and sustainable development to the troubled region in Sudan . "  There is an opportunity to assist the people of Darfur through massive generosity , " said Ali Al-Zatari , the representative of the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in Sudan . "  Darfur still needs stability , " Al-Zatari added . He said 3.5 million people need humanitarian assistance , and 1.5 million of them live in camps . The conference , whose participants include the UN , the governments of Qatar and Sudan , and the World Bank , seeks to "  to mobilize financial support for the recovery and development needs in Darfur . " Reactions to the conference , however , are mixed . "  The conference is a strong message to the Darfurian people that they are not forgotten , " said Abdullah Adam Khatir , a Darfurian writer . "  It will take time , it 's a process , . " Al-Baqir Afifi , a civil society activist , on the other hand , disagreed with the conference 's approach . "  Those who are going to pledge money want to know if the money is going to reach Darfur or not , " he said . "  It is still insecure in Darfur ; there is chaos , " he added . Protests against the conference took place in some camps in Darfur last week . "  What are they going to do with this money when there is no security ? " an activist who preferred not to be named said , according to AFP . Violence broke out in Darfur in 2003 when non-Arab rebel groups took up arms against the central government in Khartoum , accusing it of neglect and discrimination . In response , the government of Sudan unleashed a massive counterinsurgency using militias known as the janjaweed . The violence that followed has led to the deaths of 300,000 people , according to United Nations figures from 2008 . The Sudanese government says that 10,000 have died . The International Criminal Court as a result indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide allegedly committed in Darfur . One rebel group , the Liberation and Justice Movement signed a peace agreement with the Sudanese government in 2011 known as the Doha Document for Peace , but progress on the deal has been slow . Three other rebel groups have refused to sign the document . On Sunday , a splinter group from the Justice and Equality Movement , the largest Darfurian rebel group , signed a "  final peace agreement " with the Sudanese government .	The United Nations , World Bank and governments convene to raise money for Darfur Organizers seek to raise $ 7.25 billion to redevelop war-ravaged region in Sudan Conference in Doha , Qatar , receives mixed reaction from residents of Darfur Brutal Sudan government crackdown on Darfur rebellion began in 2003
CNN  -- A conservative billionaire businessman and a former center-left president will face off in a runoff election in Chile 's presidential race , based on official early results released Sunday . With more than 98 percent of polling stations counted , billionaire businessman Sebastian Pinera led ex-president Eduardo Frei with 44 percent of the vote to Frei 's 30 percent , Chile 's interior ministry reported . "  This is a victory for all the Chileans who want change , " Pinera said Sunday night . Frei began campaigning for the second-round immediately , asking in a speech for the supporters of the two other candidates who had their presidential ambitions dashed to join his cause . Frei said if he is elected , women and young people will have an important role in his government . He explicitly asked for those who voted for Marco Enriquez-Ominami and Jorge Arrate , who were eliminated in Sunday 's ballot , to vote for him in the runoff . In a concession speech , Enriquez-Ominami said that he would not endorse either candidate . The winner will follow the footsteps of a very popular president , Michelle Bachelet , who will be leaving office with high approval ratings for steering the country through the global economic downturn , and promoting progressive social reforms . Under Chile 's constitutional term limits , a president can not run for a second consecutive term . Bachelet endorsed Frei , a member of her same left-leaning coalition , but another leftist candidate who ran as an independent -- Enriquez-Ominami -- made an impressive run , pulling in 20 percent of the vote and splitting votes for the ruling party . Those who voted for him , "  have affirmed the desire for Chile to move forward and toward the future , " he said . If Pinera triumphs in the expected January runoff election , it would mark the first time since the fall of the Augusto Pinochet dictatorship that a conservative wins at the polls . In the 19 years since Pinochet 's fall , all the presidents have come from the left-leaning coalition . Pinera , 60 , is one of the country 's wealthiest businessmen who previously served as a senator and president of the National Renovation party . Since completing one term as president , Frei returned to politics as a Christian Democrat senator who has campaigned on continuing Bachelet 's policies . While Frei and Pinera were household names before the election , it was the 36-year-old Enriquez-Ominami who made a political name for himself in this presidential election . He worked as a television director before being elected as a congressman for the Socialist party in 2005 . The son of a guerrilla leader from the 1970s , Enriquez-Ominami forged his own political path , breaking from the leftist coalition and running on his own . A fourth candidate , Arrate of the Communist Party , garnered 6 percent of Sunday 's vote , according to the early vote figures .	NEW : Sebastian Pinera , Eduardo Frei will face off in a runoff in Chile 's presidential election NEW : With over 98 percent of polling stations counted , Pinera held 44 % of vote to Frei 's 30 % NEW : Enriquez-Ominami got 20 percent of the vote , splitting votes for ruling party Candidate Jorge Arrate of the Communist Party , garnered 6 percent of Sunday 's vote
CNN  -- The last time you went to the doctor 's office , you probably got some numbers representing your pulse , blood pressure , maybe even cholesterol and weight . But what does that really mean for you ? Alexander Tsiaras , founder of theVisualMD , wants you to be able to see the processes that are making you as healthy or as sick as you are and act on that knowledge . TheVisualMD has detailed , colorful libraries that visualize aspects of sickness and health based on real medical data , and it is now presenting a new tool for breaking bad habits in 2012 . The new program , which launched this week , is called "  The 9 Visual Rules of Wellness . " Each rule is accompanied by a slew of videos , visualizations and interactive graphics . More components of wellness rules will be rolled out every Monday over the next several months until April 9 . "  If I could see inside myself the healing , and I could see the progress of it , that is inspiring , and that would keep you on the path of following your pathway back to health , " Tsiaras said . "  That 's where I think the power of visualization stands . " Tsiaras developed the wellness rules program in collaboration with mind-body healing guru Dr. Deepak Chopra . "  When you add a story to data , you give it soul , " Chopra said in an e-mail to CNN . " -LSB- We -RSB- worked together to see how we can inspire people to take charge of their well being and feel emotionally committed to it . This is the future of well being . " TheVisualMD aims to have companies sponsor all of the rules . The rule 's sponsor is Quest Diagnostics . The first rule is called Baseline Your Health . That means knowing where you are in terms of measures like blood pressure , pulse , weight , blood counts and cholesterol levels . When these indicators are out of whack , they can lead to poor health . To understand what these tests at the doctor 's office measure , you can look through the Biomarker Library , which shows you visually what these measurements mean to your body . The library explains what value ranges mean and what problems may stem from abnormal values . Besides detailed graphics and videos , the site features chapters on things like how to keep your blood pressure healthy -- manage your stress , lose weight , get enough sleep and do n't smoke . Subsequent wellness rules are meant to help define your wellness mission , develop and maintain nutritional balance , get aerobic and anaerobic exercise , avoid smoking , take a moderate approach , make sleep a priority , manage your stress and embrace joy . The website also will launch a personal health record feature , where you can keep track of your own health indicators and create a sort of health narrative of your life , Tsiaras said . There are generally four types of people who will use the 9 Rules of Wellness , Tsiaras said : There 's the great athlete who wants to get in even better shape . There 's the person who 's well and wants to stay that way . There 's the person who already has high cholesterol , or needs a stent or has to take control of health in order to not get worse . And then there 's the person who has had chemotherapy or a severe surgery and needs to get on a wellness program in a specific way . Breaking bad habits is one fundamental goal of the program . Tsiaras remembers he used to go home and run every evening , but after starting a family and a company , the pressures of being a good husband , father , pet owner and boss turned that run into a glass of wine . Then a second glass of wine , and a third . It turned into 10 pounds within a couple of years . His brain became accustomed to having that wine , to the point where the day was not complete without it . "  One of the problems is that we have now demanded too much of wellness , " Tsiaras said . "  It 's almost impossible to be well and to be accomplished in the Western world . " The key to kicking a habit like this is taking small steps , Tsiaras said . Replace the behavior -- such as the wine -- with a run or a stretch . And he 's not saying you ca n't indulge every now and then . For instance , if you 're exercising and controlling stress and love chocolate , it 's fine to have a piece of chocolate . "  It 's when you have the bar of chocolate , and you 're becoming sluggish , you 're feeling tight , and you feel like you 're aging , then you sort of have to go back and look at the size of the piece of chocolate , " he said . Like the biological systems he studies , Tsiaras ' personal story is intricate and complex . Despite attending schools such as the prestigious Amherst College , he did not graduate from college . At 19 , he went to his parents ' village in Greece and spent a year herding goats on the Macedonian-Albanian border . He wrote a book on ancient funeral and exhumation ceremonies called "  Death Rituals of Rural Greece . " "  When I came back I wanted to find for my artwork that kind of drama , " he said . "  I found it in the X-ray files of teaching hospitals . " Tsiaras became inspired by seemingly mundane black-and-white medical scans from the lab of his brother , an ophthalmologist . His photography of medical procedures became featured in LIFE magazine . To take his ideas to the next level , Tsiaras needed to be able to communicate with people in a wide range of disciplines and then bring those ideas together . He taught himself advanced mathematics and physics and , later , computer languages . He designed a lens for a microscope responsible for photographing the first images of human eggs in an in vitro fertilization program . A photograph of a fetus from outside the amniotic sac came about because of a lens he designed . And he started the company Anatomical Travelogue , the umbrella of theVisualMD . Despite not having a formal medical education , Tsiaras has been able to showcase biological systems as never before . What he calls "  visualizations " are not photos or animations , but rather the result of a collaboration between illustrators , biologists , programmers and researchers working with raw data . Through their expertise , numbers and static black-and-white scans come to life . Tsiaras and Chopra met at the TEDMED conference in 2009 , right after Tsiaras showed a film about fetal development . "  As soon as I hit the bottom stairs , there was Deepak Chopra there saying , ` Only you can visualize consciousness , ' " Tsiaras remembers . "  I had no idea what he was talking about . " But the two got to talking about mind-body connections , and the value of CT and MRI scans in visualizing them . They got to thinking about what happens in the brain not only when you 're stressed out , but also when you 're feeling joy . What happens if you 're a good parent and nurture your child ? We hear so much about things going wrong in your body -- what happens when you do something right ? These are some questions that they were interested in tackling together . And the last rule of wellness is , of course , "  embrace Joy . " Tsiaras is often amazed as he sees how data can be transformed into meaningful visualizations that showcase processes in the body . At a certain point , he says , it becomes personal . For instance , while studying the effects of some experimental Alzheimer 's drugs on beta-amyloid plaques associated with the disease , he found out his mother has the disease . "  The only thing you can do is get up in the morning and say , I 've got this very powerful data that if I can illuminate it to the point and interpret it to the point where I can help a researcher come to an epiphany because of the clarity of the information about what we 're actually seeing , then I 've done something good for my mother , " he said .	TheVisualMD has launched ' 9 Rules of Wellness ' The first rule : Know where you 're starting from Nutrition , exercise , sleep , stress and joy are other topics The website makes use of visualizations , which bring medical data to life
CNN  -- Fifteen-year-old Audrie Pott got drunk at a party and passed out . What happened next , according to her family , was that she was sexually assaulted by multiple young men , who took photos and circulated them in their high school of more than 1,000 students . Not long afterward , Audrie , devastated and hopeless , committed suicide . In Canada , Rehtaeh Parsons , then 15 , was sexually assaulted by multiple perpetrators , according to her family , and photographs were also posted online for the world to see . She was tormented and bullied for more than a year with no legal action taken by the authorities , who stated there was "  insufficient evidence " to file charges . Rehtaeh also committed suicide . Why did these tragedies happen ? The rate of sexual assaults is alarmingly high among adolescents . Research from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institute of Justice finds that 30 % to 35 % of female sexual assault survivors were first raped between the ages of 11 to 17 . Many of these assaults occur when victims are under the influence of alcohol , and a surprising number of adolescent rapes involve multiple perpetrators . A recent study found that 12.4 % of sexual assaults committed against 13 - to 17-year-old teens were gang rapes . When evidence goes viral Rape is a crime of power and dominance , and social media provide new ways of asserting that power to hurt victims over and over again . Gang rape takes on a whole new meaning when images and slurs are posted and forwarded and spread endlessly . Adolescent sexual assaults are particularly likely to go viral  more so than instances of adult rape  because of the "  everyone knows everything about everyone " culture of middle and high school . The ubiquity of cell phones with cameras and the power of the Internet make for faster , farther-reaching gossip , name-calling , character assassination and ultimately despair for the victim . What was once a horrible incident that the victim remembers and suffers in private agony has now become an all-you-can-watch public humiliation event . There 's ample evidence that bullying has grown widespread , but the crime of rape has always been around . We live in a culture in which victims are blamed for the assault and made to feel like they are the ones who are criminal and dirty and shameful . Many rape victims are afraid to report the assault to police because they believe the criminal system will not help them . And they 're right . A recent National Institute of Justice study found that among adolescent sexual assault victims who did the brave the system -- they filed a police report , they met with investigators , they endured a medical forensic exam and rape kit -- 60 % of these cases were not prosecuted by the criminal justice system . These rates are even worse for adult victims : On average , 86 % of sexual assaults that are reported to the police are never passed along to prosecutors even to be considered for prosecution . That 's 86 % that go nowhere . The cases were n't forwarded to prosecutors because police said there was "  insufficient evidence , " or because they thought the victim was "  making a false report , " or because the victim "  was n't credible " -- despite the fact that all of these victims had a sexual assault medical forensic exam and forensic evidence collection kit  "  rape kit "  . These cases were closed with either no investigation at all , or minimal investigational effort . A recent report from Human Rights Watch suggests this is an alarmingly common practice . When the criminal justice system does n't listen , does n't investigate , does n't seem to care , it sends the message to rapists : You will not be held accountable for your crimes . Perhaps it is not surprising that several studies have found most rapists are serial rapists . To victims , this inaction sends the message : Your suffering is not our concern . You do n't matter . Rehtaeh 's case went nowhere . Only now , after her death , will it be reopened . How can this be changed ? One , reform the criminal justice system . Train legal personnel on best practices for the investigation and prosecution of these crimes . Challenge law enforcement agencies to start by believing and to investigate , not shelve , these crimes . Demand that police see these images on social media for what they are : not pornographic exploits but evidence of a crime . Two , we must get survivors to the services that can help them . The despair that victims experience can all too quickly consume them and destroy their lives . The federal Violence Against Women Act and the Victims of Crime Act provide funding to all states and territories for rape crisis hotlines , crisis counseling and victim advocacy programs . These services are provided free of charge . Friends , family , teachers , everyone can help let survivors know that help is available . And finally , we have to do more to prevent cyberbullying . The important truth not to lose sight of is that most teens do not commit sexual assaults and most do not bully . We need to support and empower these youth to speak out and intervene with their peers . The CDC has resources for schools and communities to develop "  bystander prevention programs , " which teach effective strategies youth can use to prevent violence among their peers . Widespread adoption of these programs is critical . For girls such as Audrie Potts , Rehtaeh Parsons and many untold others , their agony had become too much , and the only solution they saw was suicide . We will never again hear their words , their stories , their voices . But our voices can still be heard , and we must demand solutions to this seemingly intractable problem . We owe all victims justice and compassion . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebecca Campbell .	Rebecca Campbell : The rate of sexual assaults is alarmingly high among adolescents Campbell : Rape is a crime of power and dominance , and social media make it worse She says perpetrators make victims feel worse when they circulate sexual assault photos Campbell : We must reform the criminal justice system and do more to prevent cyberbullying
CNN  -- Ohio : The Buckeye state gave us Katie Holmes , Halle Berry , and LeBron James . And the Midwestern state is also home to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , the Wright Brothers , the Ohio State Buckeyes and eight presidents . If those do n't put Ohio on your map , then consider the state is heavily contested on this year 's electoral map . With 18 votes up for grabs , the battleground state is now polling in favor of President Obama . A recent Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times poll shows Obama leading Republican challenger , Mitt Romney 50 % -44 % in the state . Sixty-percent of the population was also found "  strongly supporting " Obama in the poll , compared to 42 % who said the same for Romney in the Buckeye state . Here 's a look , by the numbers , at a state that could help decide this year 's election . About Ohio 11,544,951 -- The population of Ohio , according to the 2010 Census . Ohioans make up about 4 % of the total U.S. population . 83.6 % -- The percentage of Ohioans who are white , according to the census . 12.4 % -- The percentage of Ohioans who are black . 3.2 % -- The percentage of Ohioans who are Hispanic . $ 46,752 -- Median average income of Ohioans in 2010 , according to the Kaiser Family foundation . This is below the national average of $ 50,022 . $ 136,900 -- Median home price in Ohio . 26 % -- Percentage of Ohioans that identify themselves as evangelical Protestants . < .5 % -- Percentage of Ohioans that identify themselves as Mormon . Politics and elections 7.7 million -- Number of registered voters in Ohio , according the Ohio secretary of state . 69.97 % -- Percentage of registered voters in Ohio who voted in the 2008 election , higher than the national average of 63 % . 2 -- Number of presidential elections since 1900 in which the eventual winner lost the race in Ohio . They are John F. Kennedy in 1960 and Franklin Roosevelt in 1944 . 0 -- Number of Republicans who have been elected president without winning Ohio . 18 -- Number of seats Ohio has in the House of Representatives as of 2012 , the lowest number since the 1820s . 18 -- Number of Electoral College seats up for grabs this election . 35 - Combined total of times both candidates have visited Ohio . Obama blasts Romney tax plan in Ohio Economy and employment 14.7 % -- Percentage of Ohio workers represented by unions in 2011 , higher than the national average of 13 % . 64 % -- Number of Ohio workers who are "  blue collar , " higher than the national average of 61 % . 50,625 -- As of 2012 , the number of Ohioans employed by Wal-Mart , the state 's largest employer . 15,800 -- The number of Ohioans employed by General Motors and Ford in 2012 . Romney Ohio ad hits Obama over auto bailout Unemployment and poverty 7.2 % -- The Ohio unemployment rate in May 2012 , lower than the national average of 8.2 % . 2.18 million -- The number of Ohioans living in poverty in 2010 , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . 1,565,900 -- The number of uninsured Ohioans in 2010 , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation 1,824,217 -- Number of Ohioans receiving food stamps in April 2012 , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . $ 139.87 -- Average monthly food stamp benefit , per person , for Ohioans in 2011 . John King : In Ohio , swing state politics have real-life impact Just for fun 1803 -- The year that Ohio became a state , the first state not originally part of the 13 colonies . 1840 -- Year that Ohioans began being called "  buckeyes . " 7 -- Number of World Series won by Ohio teams . 8 -- Number of Ohioans who have been elected president . 3 -- Number of Ohioans who have been the speaker of the House , including current Speaker John Boehner . 1 -- Number of Ohioans who have walked on the moon ; Neil Armstrong in 1969 . 1 -- Number of Ohioans who have won the Nobel Peace Prize ; U.S. Vice President Charles Dawes in 1925 . 1 -- Number of Ohioans who have founded 24-hour cable news networks ; Ted Turner born in Cincinnati in 1938 .	69.97 % -- Percentage of registered voters in Ohio who voted in the 2008 election 64 % -- Percentage of Ohio workers who are "  blue collar " 18 -- Number of Electoral College seats up for grabs from Ohio this election 8 -- Number of Buckeye State residents who have been elected president
CNN  -- The Georgia-Russia conflict has given the presidential candidates the chance to put their foreign policy credentials to the test . Sen. John McCain speaks about the situation in Georgia as he campaigns in Pennsylvania . With Sen. Barack Obama out of camera range for the most part , Sen. John McCain is jumping on the opportunity to make a distinction between himself and Obama on the issue . Obama is vacationing in Hawaii , but his campaign says he is being briefed on the situation and he made a statement Monday . McCain , who is hitting the trail in Pennsylvania , has been aggressively condemning Russia 's actions . Tensions between Georgia and the breakaway republic of South Ossetia came to a head August 8 after Russia responded militarily to a Georgian offensive on South Ossetia . Georgia 's parliament declared a "  state of war " with Russia the next day . World powers Monday urged Russia to "  stand down , " respect Georgia 's sovereignty and allow the international community to intervene in the crisis . The efforts mark an attempt to prevent a war between Moscow and the former Soviet republic . South Ossetia is a pro-Russian enclave of Georgia that has sought independence for years , and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has supported the region 's local government . With Obama largely out of the news cycle this week , McCain has used the political vacuum to polish his foreign policy credentials . "  Russian President -LSB- Dmitry -RSB- Medvedev and Prime Minister Putin must understand the severe , long-term negative consequences that their government 's actions will have for Russia 's relationship with the U.S. and Europe , " he said Monday , the latest in his harsh words for Russia . He urged the U.N. Security Council to condemn the violence , even with the threat of a Russian veto . Russia 's actions , he said , must be submitted to "  the court of world opinion . " Obama later Monday read a statement on camera in which he seemed to come closer to McCain 's position , saying Russia 's invasion was a "  turning point " in its relationship with the West . "  Let me be clear : We seek a future of cooperative engagement with the Russian government , and friendship with the Russian people , " Obama said . "  We want Russia to play its rightful role as a great nation -- but with that role comes the responsibility to act as a force for progress in this new century , not regression to the conflicts of the past . " When news broke of the outbreak of violence Friday , both candidates were quick to respond , but McCain was the only one to assign blame to Russia for the escalating hostilities . Watch Obama condemn Russia " "  Russia should immediately and unconditionally cease its military operations and withdraw all forces from sovereign Georgian territory , " McCain said in a statement to reporters shortly after his campaign plane landed in Iowa . In a statement sent to reporters Friday , Obama called for an end to the violence , but stopped short of assigning blame , or making strong demands on Moscow . "  I strongly condemn the outbreak of violence in Georgia , and urge an immediate end to armed conflict , " he said . "  Now is the time for Georgia and Russia to show restraint , and to avoid an escalation to full scale war . Georgia 's territorial integrity must be respected . All sides should enter into direct talks on behalf of stability in Georgia , and the United States , the United Nations Security Council , and the international community should fully support a peaceful resolution to this crisis . " On Saturday , both candidates spoke with Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili . Obama toughened his talk , this time laying the blame on Russia . Watch Obama express concern for Georgia " "  I condemn Russia 's aggressive actions and reiterate my call for an immediate cease fire , " he said . "  Russia must stop its bombing campaign , cease flights of Russian aircraft in Georgian airspace and withdraw its ground forces from Georgia . " Obama and McCain take markedly different approaches to foreign policy . McCain has talked about creating a new G-8 , the group of the richest countries in the world , that would expel Russia . McCain said he wants to ensure that "  the Group of Eight highly industrialized states becomes again a club of leading market democracies . " Asked about McCain 's proposal , Obama last month said "  it would be a mistake . " Obama said "  it is always in our interests to engage , to listen , to build alliances -- to understand what our interests are and to be fierce in protecting those interests . " McCain , a senator from Arizona , has tried to paint the senator from Illinois as naive on foreign policy and has faulted Obama for his willingness to talk with rogue leaders without preconditions . McCain is known for his pointed words toward Putin . He 's told audiences that when he looks into Putin 's eyes he "  sees three letters : KGB , " referring to the former Soviet spy agency . McCain 's latest offensive harkens back to Sen. Hillary Clinton 's "  3 a.m. " ad . The former Democratic contender ran the ad during the primaries to suggest Obama was not up to the job when it comes to handling crises . The ad did not work for Clinton , but the McCain campaign thinks the issue may resonate more in the general election with voters concerned about security . CNN 's Peter Hamby and Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama calls Russia 's invasion "  turning point " in relationship with West John McCain has been aggressive in condemning Russia 's military action Barack Obama is on vacation but receiving briefings about the conflict Obama initially did not cast blame but now has toughened talk on Russia
CNN  -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs ' phone privileges have been suspended , as investigators look into whether he preached from prison , authorities said Tuesday . The Texas Department of Criminal Justice announced last week that it had initiated an investigation into claims that Jeffs used the phone to preach to his congregation on Christmas Day . Records show that Jeffs made two phone calls on Christmas Day , said Jason Clark , a Criminal Justice Department spokesman , who declined to identify the people who lost their phone privileges with Jeffs . "  It would be a violation of the rules if the person called were to place the call on speaker phone or record the conversation . The Office of Inspector General has asked us to suspend the accounts of certain individuals on his calling list while they continue to investigate , " said Clark . Texas inmates are allowed to call as many as 10 people who have registered with the offender phone system vendor . Calls can be up to 15 minutes in length , and offenders are limited to 240 minutes of phone time per month . All calls are recorded and monitored except those between an inmate and his attorney . Jeffs remains isolated in protective custody in the state 's Powledge Unit prison facility near Palestine , Texas . "  He has no cellmate . No prison job . And the only time he leaves it  his cell  is for a shower and recreation , " Clark said . Jeffs , the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , is serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault . He was convicted in early August of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl that Jeffs claimed were his "  spiritual wives . " The 10,000-member church is a breakaway Mormon sect that openly practices polygamy in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , as well as on its Yearning For Zion ranch near Eldorado , Texas . The mainstream Mormon church renounced polygamy more than a century ago . Many sect members have disavowed Jeffs over his criminal convictions , while others are defending him and casting his conviction on sexual assault charges as an act of persecution . Last week , a long-time follower of Jeffs said he had been ex-communicated after admitting to having sex with his wife -- a violation of an order that the sect leader apparently issued from behind bars . The church member spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . CNN 's Gary Tuchman contributed to this report .	NEW : Warren Jeffs loses his phone privileges for now Officials are investigating whether Jeffs preached from prison on Christmas Day Texas inmates are allowed to have as many as 10 people on their call list Jeffs is currently serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault
A former campaign aide for John Edwards said in court Friday that he had been intimidated in his dealings with the former senator and two high-priced donors . "  I was scared for my life , " Andrew Young testified in U.S. District Court in Greensboro , North Carolina . "  I was up against two billionaires and a millionaire . I was scared . It was bizarre . " Prosecutors have argued that Edwards broke federal law by accepting about $ 725,000 from now-101-year-old heiress Rachel "  Bunny " Mellon and more than $ 200,000 from Fred Baron , a Texas lawyer who has since died . Young is considered the government 's star witness against Edwards , a former Democratic senator and presidential candidate from North Carolina who is accused of using hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations to conceal his affair with a campaign videographer without reporting the money to federal authorities . Edwards is facing six felony charges , including that he accepted illegal campaign donations . He also is charged with conspiracy and making false statements . Edwards ' attorneys have argued that Young had instead been involved in what was largely a ruse to extract hundreds of thousands of dollars from the donors for personal use . During Friday 's testimony , Young recalled a drive he took with Edwards in North Carolina in 2008 . Edwards had learned that Young had received donations without his knowledge . "  I said if he wo n't tell the truth , I was going to tell the truth , " Young told the court . Edwards responded , he said , "  You ca n't hurt me , Andrew . You ca n't hurt me . " Young 's testimony comes a day after he was hammered on the witness stand about his own motives and asked whether he made up stories about how Edwards concealed contributions from campaign donors . The former aide said during cross-examination Thursday that "  we lost our perspective , " acknowledging he used donations for personal expenses at a California home . Young said he used the funds in constructing a pool and a theater . Wednesday was the first day the defense cross-examined Young , and the attorneys focused mostly on apparent inconsistencies between Young 's public statements and things he wrote in a book about the case . For example , Young has described a time when Edwards returned home from a trip overseas with a phone purportedly given to him by his mistress , Rielle Hunter . Young said Edwards was asleep when the phone rang , and Edwards ' wife , Elizabeth , answered . Hunter began talking , assuming John Edwards was on the other end of the line . Under cross-examination , Young admitted he had no firsthand knowledge of the story . Defense attorney Abbe Lowell also questioned Young 's assertion that Edwards refused to take a call from Hunter as she left for the hospital to have Edwards ' baby , something Young described as "  bone-chilling " in its disregard . Lowell pointed out Hunter later said Edwards had , in fact , called her . Edwards is accused of concealing the money from the public and the Federal Election Commission , which polices political contributions , by filing false and misleading campaign disclosure reports . Young is testifying for the prosecution under a cooperation agreement with the hope that he wo n't be prosecuted . Edwards could face up to 30 years in prison if convicted of all six felony and misdemeanor counts against him . Young is the author of the tell-all book "  The Politician : An Insider 's Account of John Edwards 's Pursuit of the Presidency and the Scandal That Brought Him Down . " He testified that he wrote the book for two reasons : "  It had been almost three years since Mr. Edwards promised me he would tell the truth ,  and  we also very much needed the money . "	"  I was scared for my life , " Andrew Young testified Friday Prosecutors argue that Edwards broke federal law by accepting funds to hide mistress Edwards ' attorneys say Young was involved in ruse to extract thousands of dollars
The parents of Sarah Jones , a crew member killed while filming musician Gregg Allman 's biopic "  Midnight Rider , " filed a wrongful death lawsuit Wednesday . Jones , a 27-year-old camera assistant , was killed by an oncoming train during production . Among the defendants are the production company , the company that operates the train tracks , and various individuals , including the film 's director , executive producers , location manager and director of photography . The suit was filed in Chatham County , Georgia , which includes Savannah . "  Each of the Midnight Riders Defendants had knowledge , actual or constructive , that the scene filmed on February 20 was to take place on active railroad tracks , without permission from CSX , and each Midnight Rider Defendant knew of the danger presented by filming under those circumstances , " the complaint reads . "  Despite this knowledge , and as set forth above , the Midnight Rider Defendants breached their duties to conduct the February 20 filming in a safe and legal manner , and each Midnight Rider Defendant is independently liable to Plaintiffs for Sarah 's death and resulting damages . " Jones ' death rocked the film community . Crew members from various countries shared photo tributes , holding clapboards with messages of remembrance for Jones . Images were shared on a Facebook group Slates for Sarah . Jones ' primary job on set was to operate the slate at the beginning of each take . Jones , an Atlanta resident and member of the International Cinematographers Guild , used her "  spunk and determination " to climb up in the industry , according to an obituary . Her family is seeking an "  amount to be determined by the enlightened conscience of the jury . " One of the defendants , Open Road Films -- a company the complaint alleges was to serve as distributor for "  Midnight Rider " -- said it was not involved in the production "  in any way at any time , and we have been named in this suit without justification . " "  This event was a horrible tragedy , and our deepest condolences go out to the Jones family , the crew members and others who have suffered , " it said . Attempts to contact other defendants ' attorneys were unsuccessful Wednesday .	Sarah Jones , 27 , was killed by an oncoming train during production in Georgia Her death rocked the film community ; images are shared on a Facebook page Jones ' parents are seeking unspecified damages
CNN  -- A panel of Australian citizens is expected to set the tone Thursday for a planned constitutional referendum to better recognize the indigenous population that inhabited the vast continent long before Europeans settled there . The diverse group includes Aboriginal leaders , business executives , legal experts and members of the main political parties . It spent the past year crisscrossing Australia to gather opinions in order to provide recommendations to the government . "  At the moment , the Constitution denies that there was a prior presence of Aboriginal people in Australia , " said Mark McKenna , an associate professor of history at the University of Sydney . "  They 're pretty much invisible . " The panel faces a daunting task -- changes by referendum rarely do well in Australia . Only eight of the 44 referendum proposals have passed in the country 's history , with the last successful one in 1974 . "  This is a rare , once in a lifetime opportunity if the federal government proceeds to referendum , " Megan Davis , director of the Indigenous Law Center at the University of New South Wales and an expert member of the panel said in an e-mail . Though it appears political parties support a change in the Constitution , they differ on the details . Prime Minister Julia Gillard 's Labour government has said it is committed to holding a referendum on the subject during its current term or at the next general election . And the opposition Liberal Party has also voiced support for the measure . Politicians generally agree the existing wording of the Constitution could be improved . "  It 's bringing the Constitution into line with what everyone has pretty much accepted now , " said McKenna , noting a key Australian High Court decision over land rights in 1992 that rejected the notion that Australia was "  terra nullius , " or "  empty land " before the arrival of European settlers . In 2008 , then-prime minister , Kevin Rudd , apologized for the state 's mistreatment of indigenous people in the past , describing it as a "  blemished chapter in our nation 's history . " But the Constitution is yet to clearly reflect that , with the original document , which dates to 1901 , a product of its time . It took a narrow , 19th-century view of who is defined as a citizen with full rights and gave little thought to Aborigines . The Australian stance was similar to that of other nations such as the United States and South Africa . "  At that time , it was thought that the Aboriginal people would die out , " McKenna said . The indigenous population declined to about 93,000 in 1901 , from between 300,000 and 750,000 in 1788 . But the population subsequently recovered . In the 2006 Census , 455,031 people identified themselves as being of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander descent out of a total national population of more than 21 million . A step toward updating the Constitution was made in 1967 , when more than 90 % of voters approved the removal of two references to Aboriginal people that were deemed negative . Many people feel , however , that the 1967 referendum left some unfinished business . While their numbers have increased , indigenous people have struggled to keep pace with the economic gains of the broader Australian population . "  On all the major indicators -- be they economic , social , health or education -- Aboriginal people are way behind , " McKenna said . The panel apparently intends to improve the constitutional standing . "  The prime minister will be told that the Constitution needs to be changed and that this is backed by a majority of Australians , " George Williams , a professor of law at the University of New South Wales and a member of the panel , wrote in an opinion article published Tuesday in The Sydney Morning Herald , a daily newspaper . There are two provisions that are still considered to have racist connotations : one that allows states to disqualify people of "  all persons of any race " from voting at elections ; and another that authorizes parliament to make "  special laws " for "  the people of any race . " The panel is expected to recommend that removal of those two provisions , a move likely to receive broad political support . The delicate issue will be how to go about inserting a positive recognition of indigenous people 's status into the document . Some commentators and politicians fear that any new provision in the Constitution that actively asserts indigenous Australians ' rights to advancement could result in too much power for the courts . "  Any proposal to include in the Constitution a measure that might open the door to endless litigation and judicial second-guessing of parliamentary decisions about what policies best secure the "  advancement " of Aborigines , is not only undesirable in itself , it would surely spell the defeat of the referendum , " George Brandis , a senior official who deals with the Liberal Party legal issues , wrote in an opinion piece last month for The Australian , a national newspaper . But if the proposed changes are too slight , they may disappoint Aboriginal leaders and other advocates of more significant measures . "  Positive words and symbolic change will not be enough , " Williams said in the Sydney Morning Herald . All sides recognize , though , that a lack of bipartisan support will prevent the referendum from succeeding . Even if the process results in a change that is more symbolic than legally binding , it may still have positive consequences . "  Recognition of Indigenous Australians as the first people of Australia is a critical step to support the improvement of Indigenous mental health , " the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists wrote in its submission to the panel . "  The lack of acknowledgment of a people 's existence in a country 's Constitution has a major impact on their sense of identity , value within the community and perpetuates discrimination and prejudice which further erodes the hope of Indigenous people , " the college said .	The diverse group includes Aboriginal leaders and business executives The panel faces a daunting task -- changes by referendum rarely do well in Australia Only eight of 44 referendum proposals have passed in the country 's history
CNN  -- When we last saw actress Amanda Peet during primetime , it was on NBC 's drama , "  Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip . " Although that show was canceled after one season , Peet has kept busy in films mostly , booking parts in "  2012 " and "  Gulliver 's Travels . " But she 's also done a few one-offs in niche comedy shows like David Wains ' web series "  Wainy Days , " comedian Demetri Martin 's sketch comedy show , "  Important Things With Demetri Martin , " and a guest spot on "  How I Met Your Mother . " This week Peet returns to primetime with "  Bent , " a half-hour romantic comedy from "  Scrubs " vet Tad Quill . In it she plays Alex Meyers , a recently divorced lawyer whose wet-blanket approach to life is challenged by her active , surfer carpenter , Pete Riggins  played by David Walton  . Rounding out the cast is Jeffrey Tambor  "  Arrested Development "  , JB Smoove  "  Curb Your Enthusiasm "  and Jesse Plemons  "  Friday Night Lights  . CNN spoke with Peet from her home in Los Angeles about the "  Studio 60 " days , finding her footing as a comedic actress and the things that keep her up at night . CNN : "  Bent " marks a proper return to network TV for you . Has the TV landscape changed , in your opinion ? Amanda Peet : It seems like it 's contracting , fewer and fewer jobs . It 's hard to discern what 's what , since I 'm now a 40-year-old woman . Am I over the hill at the same time there 's a recession ? It 's hard to decide what 's what . There are n't many roles that are interesting if you 're a 40-year-old woman , unless you 're Julia Roberts or Cate Blanchett . CNN : Looking back , what was the issue with "  Studio 60 " ? Peet : I think it was too expensive and there was too much anticipation . I guess all together we seemed like this arrogant monolith , but individually , none of us felt very arrogant . So it 's kind of curious . Including Aaron -LSB- Sorkin -RSB- . The backlash , the vitriol . If it had been some 30 - or 35-year-old new discovery instead of Aaron Sorkin , things might have been different . CNN : In "  Bent " you play an uptight , divorced lawyer . The crux of the humor rests on her being uptight . Do you think uptight people are funny ? Peet : I do . Someone says comedy is rigidity . In a romantic comedy it 's usually a good idea to have people who ca n't stand the fact that they are attracted to each other . CNN : Are you yourself uptight ? Peet : Yes . Probably . My husband would say yes . I try to be really hippie about things . I 'm uptight in all the ways that are really important , but the things my husband and family can benefit from my uptightness , I 'm completely lacking . I do n't clean , I do n't make the bed . I spend my salary . I worry a lot . I just do n't worry about socks on the floor . Plane flights , my children 's well being , my sanity . There 's this woman who walks on Wilshire Boulevard , in the same outfit . Tiny shorts , knee socks and this visor and a full face of makeup . She waves to invisible people . When I look at her , I slow down the car , I feel for her and I feel like I 'm one little breathe away from that . CNN : Do audiences think of you as a comedic actress ? Peet : I do n't know . I certainly hope so . Hopefully they think that I do n't blow . CNN : Recently , you 've done these one off 's with niche comedy shows like David Wains ' "  Wainy Days , " "  Important Things With Demetri Martin , " as well as "  How I Met Your Mother . " What 's your strongest suit in comedy ? Peet : One needs good writings and there are many comedians that I 'm friends with that are n't apart of the comedy scene ; it 's very hard to break in and be taken serious as a comedic actress . It just takes one good role and some eye traffic and that 's hard to come by . Oftentimes you 're just the setup for the joke . Like in volleyball -- set and spike . That involves some comedic skill , but it 's also frustrating . On "  Bent , " I really feel like Tad -LSB- Quill , creator -RSB- threw me the ball . If we get a chance to go , it would get funnier and funnier . If you take "  Cheers " and "  Seinfeld " and watch the early shows , they 're kind of awkward . It took a while for the writers and everything to gel . "  Bent " premieres Wednesday at 9 p.m. ET on NBC .	Peet 's last full-time TV gig was the acclaimed , short-lived "  Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip " Her new show , "  Bent , " is a comedy She hopes audiences see her as a comedic actress
CNN  -- Ugandan officials have recovered what they 've described as an explosives-laden belt or vest in a trash can at a nightclub in a suburb of Kampala , the chief of police said Tuesday . Maj. Gen. Kale Kayihura , the chief of police , said the device -- found Monday -- was impregnated with ball bearings and was similar to those found at two sites where blasts killed at least 76 people Sunday . The device was found along with a detonator and what looked like a laptop bag , Kayihura said . When a journalist asked him whether this meant there was a third attack planned , he said , "  It 's possible there was . " The police chief said that his office was working with international agencies -- but would not specify which ones . He also would not say how many people have been arrested in connection with the attacks and what their nationalities were . Earlier , Fred Opolot , executive director of the Uganda Media Center , said authorities had arrested several people but they have not yet been charged in connection with the attacks . "  We are trying to find the culprits of this atrocity , " he said . "  I ca n't say I 'm not worried , but it 's not a question of worry , " Kayihura said Tuesday . He said Uganda is no stranger to bombings -- "  for decades , we have been fighting . " The blasts went off Sunday at two venues -- a restaurant and a rugby field -- where crowds had gathered to watch the World Cup soccer finals . The fatalities included 28 Ugandans , one Irish citizen , one Indian , one American and 11 people who are either Ethiopian or Eritrean , according to the Ugandan government . In Washington , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Tuesday the latest information indicates that 76 people were killed in the blasts . He added that five Americans who were injured in the attacks were evacuated from Uganda over the past 24 hours -- two to South Africa and three to Kenya . He also said that the United States has diplomatic security agents on the ground in Uganda , along with a small number of FBI agents . "  I think the FBI is going to send a significant team ... that will depart the United States this afternoon for Uganda at the request of Uganda authorities to assist in the investigation , " Crowley said . A Somali Islamist militant movement on Monday claimed responsibility for the trio of bombings . "  And the best of men have promised and they have delivered , " said an Arabic statement issued by Al-Shabaab 's press office and obtained by CNN . "  Blessed and exalted among men --  taking  full responsibility . ... We wage war against the 6,000 collaborators ; they have received their response . " The 6,000 figure is an apparent reference to African Union peacekeepers in Somalia . Uganda contributes troops to the peacekeeping effort . "  We are behind the attack because we are at war with them , " Al-Shabaab spokesman Ali Mohamoud Rage told reporters at a news conference in Mogadishu , Somalia . "  We had given warning to the Ugandans to refrain from their involvement in our country . We spoke to the leaders and we spoke to the people and they never listened to us , " Rage said . Kayihura said he could not say whether Al-Shabaab 's claim of responsibility is legitimate . That will be determined by the ongoing investigation , he said . Somali Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali-Sharmarke called on the "  civilized world to unite in stopping the mindless terror enterprise of Al-Shabaab . " "  We will work with our partners in Uganda and the international community in bringing the cowards responsible for this heinous act , " the prime minister said in a statement released Monday . Meanwhile , al Qaeda congratulated Al-Shabaab in a message posted on pro-jihad web forums . "  Be pleased because all the sincere Muslims are with you joining you in your moments of pleasure and difficulty , " read part of the message . The blasts hit within 50 minutes of each other . The first one struck an Ethiopian restaurant in a neighborhood dotted with bars and popular among expatriates . Two others exploded at the rugby center . Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni declared a week of national mourning for victims of the bombings , beginning Tuesday , according to a government statement . All flags on public buildings will be lowered to half-staff during the mourning period , the statement said .	NEW : 5 Americans injured in Sunday 's attacks have been evacuated from Uganda Police : The device is found in a trash can The device is similar to those found at the sites of the latest blasts , police say Al Qaeda congratulates Al-Shabaab on the other two attacks Somali PM : The "  civilized world " should unite to combat Al-Shabaab
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- Two Britons serving three-month prison terms for having sex on a public beach in Dubai have been released on bail pending their appeal , their lawyer said Tuesday . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . Michelle Palmer , 36 , and Vincent Acors , 34 , were sentenced last week after a court found them guilty . Both denied they had intercourse and their lawyer , Hassan Mattar , said they planned to appeal . Mattar said Tuesday the court accepted the appeal and will hold the first hearing November 18 in Dubai . Palmer and Acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication . Watch how case stirs up Dubai 's bar scene " The Dubai Court of Misdemeanors last Thursday found them guilty and ordered them jailed for three months , after which they would be deported . The court also fined the pair 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  for the charge of public indecency . During the trial , Mattar argued that the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against his clients on the first two charges , though he said both tested positive for liquor . The United Arab Emirates , where Dubai is located , is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules . More than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , and more than 100,000 British nationals live there , according to the British Foreign Office . The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- the largest indoor snow park in the world . CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Two Britons jailed for having sex on beach in Dubai bailed pending their appeal The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
London  CNN  -- James Murdoch , the son of media magnate Rupert Murdoch , stepped down as the chairman of BSkyB on Tuesday , the British satellite broadcaster announced . He has been hammered by accusations that News Corp. 's British Sunday tabloid the News of the World systematically eavesdropped illegally on crime victims , politicians , celebrities and veterans in search of stories . Murdoch , 39 , has consistently denied knowing about the scale of phone hacking at the paper , which he ordered shut down last summer in the face of the scandal . He referred to it in his resignation , saying : "  I am determined that the interests of BSkyB should not be undermined by matters outside the scope of this company . " He made clear he was trying to shield the satellite broadcaster from fallout from the newspaper scandal , saying : "  I believe that my resignation will help to ensure that there is no false conflation with events at a separate organization . " Murdoch will stay on as a non-executive director of BSkyB . BSkyB shares in London fell about half a percentage point on the news of his resignation , and the Murdoch family 's News Corp. fell about the same at the open in New York . The resignation comes on the heels of his stepping down from News Corp. 's British newspaper publishing companies in the wake of scandals over the past year . When he quit as chairman of News International in February , the company said it was to focus on News Corp. 's pay television services . London 's Metropolitan Police are conducting three separate investigations into the scandal , which also includes allegations of e-mail hacking and police bribery . Dozens of people have been arrested but no one has been charged . Two parliamentary committees and an independent inquiry led by a judge are also probing the scandal . The scandal broke as News Corp. moved to expand its ownership of BSkyB last summer -- a plan it shelved as politicians and the public expressed outrage about the hacking of the voice mail of a missing teenage girl who later turned out to have been murdered . James Murdoch has been seen as a potential heir to his father 's media empire . He has twice been called to testify before lawmakers in London about what he knew of misconduct by staff at News International . In a letter to parliament 's Culture , Media and Sport committee last month , James Murdoch said he could have asked more questions of senior officers at the firm , but rejected the suggestion that his resignation as chief executive reflected unrevealed knowledge relating to the scandal . "  I take my share of responsibility for not uncovering wrongdoing earlier , " he wrote in the letter , dated March 12 and published by lawmakers . A News Corp. board meeting is scheduled for later Tuesday . CNN 's Kendra Wates contributed to this report	NEW : James Murdoch says he is quitting to shield BSkyB from a newspaper scandal NEW : News Corp. and BSkyB shares both fall on the news Murdoch has been hammered by scandal at the now-shuttered News of the World Police , lawmakers and an independent inquiry are all investigating the scandal
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Cuba has created a "  climate of fear " among political activists and journalists working on the island nation , according to a report released Wednesday by the human rights group Amnesty International . "  The laws are so vague that almost any act of dissent can be deemed criminal in some way , making it very difficult for activists to speak out against the government , " Kerrie Howard , the group 's deputy Americas director , said in a statement . The London-based organization reported that the country 's court system and penal codes are used to stifle dissent and urged the government to release what it identified as 53 "  prisoners of conscience . " The Cuban government was not immediately available for comment but has traditionally viewed dissidents as mercenaries in the pay of foreign governments . Cuba points to a series of clandestine actions by the United States that it says were designed to topple the country 's leadership and overthrow a government installed by former Cuban president Fidel Castro in 1959 . The Amnesty report described the resulting 48 year-old U.S. trade embargo against the communist government as a "  lame excuse " that Cuban leaders use to justify violating human rights . Amnesty acknowledged that its reporting is based on "  independent sources . " It has no first-hand research on the island since being banned by the Cuban government in 1990 . The country 's human rights record came under intense scrutiny earlier this year after jailed Cuban dissident Orlando Zapata Tamayo died following a prolonged hunger strike . Zapata 's death sparked international condemnation from Europe and Washington and drew a rare statement of regret from Cuban President Raul Castro . But a recent series of transfers of prisoners to jails closer to their homes , and the release of two political dissidents , have raised questions about whether Cuba is slowly changing policy toward its political prisoners . Last week 's release of jailed activist Darsi Ferrer follows a meeting between President Castro and Vatican Foreign Minister Dominique Mamberti , whose visit came amid signs of growing influence by Cuba 's Roman Catholic Church . In May , Cuba 's Roman Catholic cardinal , Jaime Ortega , described a rare four-hour meeting with President Castro as a "  magnificent start " to talks centered around the potential release of some of the island 's jailed dissidents . Church officials and human rights groups continue to express their desire for more prisoner releases .	Amnesty says Cuban government has created "  climate of fear " Group says laws are so vague almost any dissent is illegal in some way Prisoner transfers , releases seem to hint at policy change Catholic Church 's influence apparently growing
CNN  -- A Brazilian cameraman died in a Rio de Janeiro slum while covering a police raid targeting organized drug militias , police said Sunday . Gelson Domingos da Silva , 46 , worked for Band TV , a CNN affiliate . He was filming a large-scale incursion by a Brazilian Special Operations Unit  BOPE  into a "  favela , " the Portuguese word for shantytown , or slum , when he was shot in the chest , Rio de Janeiro police said in a statement . "  The Military Police deeply regrets the death of cameraman , Gelson Domingos da Silva , while expressing the most sincere sympathy to the family and all media professionals , " police said . According to a Band TV press release , da Silva was covering the operation in the Antares favela , west of Rio , as an "  embedded " photographer with Rio police . Da Silva was wearing a bullet-proof vest certified by the Brazilian Armed Forces , often used by Band employees during these types of assignments , Band TV said . He was taken to a local emergency hospital but did not survive the gunshot wounds , Band TV reported . Rio de Janeiro police said the operation began early Sunday morning after intelligence reports indicated that drug lords and heavily armed groups were gathering at that site . Police said four alleged drug dealers were killed in the operation , and weapons and drugs were seized . Dramatic images of da Silva 's last moments are being shown in Brazilian media , reminding Brazilians of how dangerous it has become for journalists to cover the drug war . The Committee to Protect Journalists has "  documented an alarming rise in lethal violence  against journalists  in Brazil in 2011 , " the group said on its website . "  Four other Brazilian journalists have been killed this year , and a blogger shot and wounded , " CPJ reported . "  While Brazilian authorities have had success in prosecuting journalist murders , winning several convictions in recent years , the country still sees persistent anti-press violence . The October 2010 murder of a muckraking radio reporter became the country 's fifth unsolved case in the past decade , " CPJ reported . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report	A Brazilian cameraman died while filming a gun battle between police and alleged drug dealers Police launched a massive operation in a slum in Rio de Janeiro CPJ : There 's been an increase in violence against journalists in Brazil
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two U.S. Navy F/A -18 Super Hornets -- flying off the aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman -- crashed Monday night in the Persian Gulf , U.S. Navy officials said . The aircrafts ' three aviators were recovered safely after they ejected from the jets -- a single-seat F/A -18 E and two-seat F/A -18 F . The U.S. Navy did not immediately know the cause of the F/A -18 crash . There is no indication of hostile fire action , the officials said . The incident is not related to Sunday 's confrontation between three U.S. Navy warships and five Iranian boats , Navy officials said . E-mail to a friend	All three aviators recovered safely after ejecting from aircraft ; crash cause unknown No indication of hostile fire ; not related to Iranian confrontation Sunday F-18 Super Hornets are attached to aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman
Mitt Romney may say he 's not planning to make a third run for the White House , but according to a new CNN/ORC International poll , Republican voters are n't ready to give up on the idea just yet . While there is no clear frontrunner for the Republican ticket in 2016 , most likely GOP voters say they would choose the former Massachusetts governor for the nomination , among 16 potential contenders . According to the survey , 20 percent of voters say Romney would be their first choice for the nominee , with retired neurosurgeon and conservative activist Ben Carson coming in second with 10 percent of the vote . RELATED : Ben Carson : Political phenomenon Other big name contenders , former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , round out the top four , garnering 9 percent and 8 percent , respectively . Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee takes fifth place with 7 percent of the vote . In what could be a telling 2016 indicator , when Romney is removed from the competitive set , the first place spot goes to Bush , who has had some family members publicly pressure him to throw his hat in the ring for months . But even though Bush leads the pack among the hypothetical field of 15 , he only edges Carson in second place by 3 percentage points , and Huckabee in third by just 4 points . On the Democratic side , Hillary Clinton unsurprisingly receives an overwhelming majority of support , with 65 percent of left-leaning Americans saying she would be their choice for the 2016 nomination . Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , a progressive favorite , and Vice President Joe Biden , fall way behind to take second and third place -- with 9 percent and 10 percent , respectively . RELATED : Hillary Clinton slates return trip to Canada But when Clinton is removed from the vote selection , Biden pulls more support among voters , who say they would prefer him as their 2016 Democratic nominee with 41 percent , versus 20 percent for Warren . The poll surveyed 1,045 Americans , including 510 Republicans and right-leaning independents and 457 Democrats and left-leaning independents . The survey was conducted by telephone from Nov. 21-23 .	Mitt Romney leads a hypothetical Republican presidential field , according to a new poll Hillary Clinton tops the Democratic side for the 2016 nomination The GOP has a sprawling field of up to 16 candidates leading into 2016
CNN  -- A nasty collision during a kickoff in 1997 left Kevin Turner seeing stars . The former Philadelphia Eagles fullback , who spent eight seasons battering through defensive lines in the National Football League , said the hit left him wondering where he was . Still , the team 's medical staff looked him over and eventually sent him back out to play , he said . "  The doctor looked in my eyes , " Turner recalled in a statement delivered by his attorney in response to questions from CNN . "  He then told me to remember these words , either four or five simple , basic words . " But the task proved daunting . "  It was the weirdest thing ever and most frustrating because at the time I was clamoring to get back into the game , " said Turner . "  I was really trying so hard . And I remember it being just the most frustrating thing ever . " By the second half , he 'd remembered . "  I went back in the game after halftime and played the rest of the game , " he added in the statement to CNN . A little over a decade later , the former Eagle is battling the debilitating effects of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , often known as ALS or Lou Gehrig 's disease . He said his doctors have told him that "  there 's no cure , you 're going to die within two to 10 years , and get your affairs in order . " Since the diagnosis , Turner has lost most of the use of his hands and arms . He 's also agreed to submit his brain to scientific study following his death . Whether Turner 's disease , and those like it , can be linked to the consequences of repeated head trauma is the subject of growing research and the focus of mounting litigation against the NFL . Turner is one of hundreds of former NFL players and their families currently suing the league for alleged negligence , claiming that it did n't do enough to mitigate the risks despite what many say is an inherently dangerous sport . His attorney , Stephen F. Rosenthal -- whose Miami-based firm represents 137 other players and their families who 've filed a class-action suit against the league -- said Turner has likely suffered from undiagnosed concussions . He accused the league of deliberately withholding information deemed critical to player safety . "  At no time did the NFL inform Plaintiff Turner that he risked severe and permanent brain damage by returning to play too soon after sustaining a concussion , " the lawsuit states . "  The NFL 's failure was a substantial cause of his current injuries . " Stars such as former quarterback Jim McMahon , as well as running backs Jamal Lewis and Dorsey Levens , have filed similar lawsuits in states across the country . Attorneys representing Lewis and Levens accuse the league of having used a "  hand-picked committee of physicians " to misrepresent evidence of the effects of head trauma , particularly concussions . "  We do believe the NFL knew and had that available information with them for many years now , " said attorney Mike McGlamry . The league denies the claims and released a statement saying it "  has long made player safety a priority and continues to take steps to protect players and to advance the science and medical understanding of the management and treatment of concussions . " "  The NFL has never misled players with respect to the risks associated with playing football , " the statement added . "  Any suggestion to the contrary has no merit . " A spokesman for the Philadelphia Eagles , regarding Turner 's allegations , referred CNN to the league 's statement . On Sunday , the NFL is expected to air a multimillion-dollar commercial during the Super Bowl that details the history of the league and emphasizes player health and safety . The league has in recent years also made strides to strengthen rules that govern on-the-field conduct while adding sideline medical staff -- unaffiliated with the teams -- to more independently evaluate injured players . In 2005 , the league banned the practice of tackling a player by using his shoulder pads , a move commonly referred to as a "  horse-collar " tackle , after concluding it commonly resulted in injury . It also strengthened a 1979 rule prohibiting players from using their helmets to butt , or "  spear , " players during a tackle -- a rule that critics often complained had lacked enforcement . Players like Steelers ' linebacker James Harrison have since been dealt hefty and repeated fines for helmet-first tackles . Critics , meanwhile , say the league should have made the changes years ago and have called for more protections . Part of the issue , noted a former Atlanta Falcons linebacker , is a sports culture that largely encourages behavior out-of-step with the recognized risks of head trauma . It 's exacerbated when coaches , even at the high school level , say " ` Oh , you just got your bell rung . Get back out there and play , ' " noted Coy Wire . That attitude , he added , can contribute to the risks of long-term brain damage . A recent study conducted at Boston University 's Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy found evidence of a condition called chronic traumatic encephalopathy -- a dementia-like brain disease -- had been found in the brains of 14 of 15 former NFL players . Their cases shared a common thread -- repeated concussions , sub-concussive blows to the head , or both , according to the study . Many of those named in the recent claims , meanwhile , describe a range of common symptoms that include headaches , sleeplessness and dementia . But whether the league can be proven liable for alleged mistreatment of players , who often acknowledge the risks and likely also suffered head trauma during their high school and collegiate years , is expected to be the source of a drawn-out legal battle involving a growing number of plaintiffs . Still , family and friends close to the players are often left to deal with the gritty aftermath of day-to-day living once the bright lights of prime time fades . Teresa Foley , the wife of former New York Jets quarterback Glenn Foley , who is named in the class-action lawsuit , said she 'd like to organize a support group . "  We 're all going through the same thing , " said Teresa Foley . "  It 'd be great for all of us to be able to just sit down and talk together . " She says her husband , a 41-year-old New Jersey native selected in 1994 by the Jets , has faced bouts of depression and severe memory loss since his retirement from the league more than a decade ago . "  I sent him to the supermarket a couple of months ago with a list of a few things , " said Teresa Foley . "  He went with the list . But he forgot what he had to get , and also forgot that he had a list . " The former quarterback returned home empty-handed . "  It 's getting scary , " she said . "  We had a conversation last night and he does n't even remember it today . "  I just want some place where my husband can go to get help . " Part of the claim , the former players ' attorneys say , would be used to establish a fund for former players . Earlier this week , a panel of judges ruled that mounting claims against the league -- including class-action lawsuits filed in New York , New Jersey , Florida , Georgia and California -- will be consolidated in a federal court in Philadelphia .	Former Philadelphia Eagles ' fullback Kevin Turner confronts ALS Hundreds of former players have filed lawsuits against the NFL The league has denied the claims and rejects allegations of mistreatment The NFL is expected to air a commercial on Super Bowl Sunday about player health
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Mortgage lender Bradford & Bingley confirmed Monday it is to become the second bank nationalized by the British government since the financial crisis began . In a deal hammered out with Spanish bank Santander , B&B was being taken into public ownership after uncertainty over its future prompted savers to withdraw "  tens of millions of pounds . " British Finance Minister Alistair Darling said B&B assets were sold to Santander 's Abbey division for just over # 600 million pounds , or about $ 1.1 billion . "  My priority was to protect savers and depositors , but also to ensure that we got a good deal for the taxpayer , " Darling said . "  We had to stabilize the situation in order to protect the banking system as a whole . " B&B 's mortgage assets will be held by the government for now , but sold in the future , Darling said , once the markets stabilize -- and hopefully at a profit . B&B said it would be "  business as usual " for its customers . "  Whatever channel they use -- branch , telephone , internet or ATM - they will all be open and operating as normal , " the statement said . B&B 's nationalization follows a similar government rescue of Northern Rock , which faced collapse earlier this year after it suffered heavily from exposure to the so-called credit crunch caused by bad debts . The United States has seen a similar financial crisis . In just the past month , the U.S. federal government has seized control of troubled mortgage finance firms Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy and Merrill Lynch was forced to sell itself to Bank of America . Other failures or consolidations of financial companies are considered likely , according to analysts . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	Santander to take over UK bank 's retail deposit and branch network British government take on bank 's toxic loans Santander said to be paying # 600 million for B&B
New York  CNN  -- Cold air swinging south from Canada left residents from North Dakota to New York contending with severe weather that proved deadly in some areas . "  Those people who work outside have to be careful , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said Wednesday . Authorities say exposure to sub-freezing temperatures left at least three people dead in Wisconsin , Minnesota and Illinois . The coldest air so far is in northwestern Quebec , where temperatures plummeted to 45 degrees below zero Fahrenheit in the city of Rouyn , according to forecasters . "  We feel the wind chill , and so do pets . You need to find some place indoors and out of the wind for them , " Myers said . In the northern Maine town of Presque Isle , temperatures hung around 24 below . And in Grand Forks , North Dakota , residents bundled up to stave off a potentially deadly wind chill that hovered even lower -- around 33 below . "  The biggest thing is staying out of the wind . That 's what kills you , " said Michael Lannen , who works at a Menards hardware store in Grand Forks . "  It seems we get one of these kinds of weeks every year , so everyone is just trying to bundle up and stay indoors . " Share your cold weather stories , videos and images iReport : Cold Wisconsin ! In Ohio , the State Highway Patrol closed Interstate 90 in Lake County near Cleveland after white-out conditions contributed to accidents in the area . Forecasters also predicted possible ice accumulations Thursday into Friday , leaving areas as far south as Georgia under a winter weather watch . CNN iReporters sought to demonstrate the effects of the weather by tossing boiling water into the air and watching as the mist particles froze midair . In New York and New Jersey , homes destroyed by Superstorm Sandy in places such as New Dorp , Staten Island , and Far Rockaway , Queens , still lack basic utilities needed to restore heat . But the cold weather may have been good news for those who sell hot coffee . "  On days like this , coffee sells . Bagels do n't , " said Sami Akramia , a 41-year-old food cart worker bundled up in Midtown Manhattan as the temperature dropped to 4 degrees . National Weather Service forecasters say they expect the cold weather to last throughout the week . Environmentalists hope for action from Obama	Forecasters predict possible ice accumulations Thursday into Friday in Georgia In Ohio , police close highway after white-out conditions contributed to accidents Authorities say exposure to sub-freezing temperatures left at least three people dead National Weather Service forecasters say they expect the cold to last through the week
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar became the most-capped player in Test cricket on Tuesday as India began their battle to level the three-match series against Sri Lanka . The 37-year-old , known as the "  Little Master , " took the field in the five-day format for the 169th time as he surpassed the mark set by former Australia captain Steve Waugh . Tendulkar did not have the immediate chance to add to his records of 48 Test centuries and 13,742 runs as Sri Lanka won the toss and decided to bat first at Colombo . The hosts reached 293-4 at the end of the opening day , with captain Kumar Sangakkara top-scoring on 75 and Thilan Samaraweera unbeaten on 65 , while Mahela Jayawardene contributed 56 . Opener Tharanga Paranavitana fell to Ishant Sharma for eight with the score at just 15 , but Tillakaratne Dilshan added 87 with Sangakkara before falling just before the lunch break . Tendulkar hits double century as India head for Sri Lanka stalemate Dilshan made 41 off 70 balls before being run out by close fielder Murali Vijay . Sangakkara was dropped on 23 by Suresh Raina off the bowling of Abhimanyu Mithun , but became the first of left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha 's two victims on 157 when he was caught trying to loft down the ground . Samaraweera was then joined by Angelo Mathews  26  , and they added an unbroken 53 against an Indian attack missing injured spinner Harbhajan Singh . Tendulkar adds biggest one-day score to his list of records The tourists , who lost the first match and drew the second , conceded 22 extras and Harbhajan 's replacement Amit Mishra was warned twice for running on the pitch . Meanwhile , former England all-rounder Andrew Flintoff has been ruled out for the rest of his country 's domestic season as plans for his comeback from long-term knee problems ground to a halt . The 32-year-old has not played since the last Ashes match against Australia almost a year ago , when he retired from Test cricket to concentrate on limited-overs competitions . He has had two knee operations but is not yet ready to return , so will miss next month 's Twenty20 Champions Trophy in South Africa with his Indian Premier League club Chennai Super Kings .	Sachin Tendulkar plays his 169th Test for India in third match of Sri Lanka series The 37-year-old passes the old mark set by former Australia captain Steve Waugh Sri Lanka reach 293-4 at end of opening day of deciding match , leading series 1-0 Comeback from long-term injury of English all-rounder Andrew Flintoff is put on hold
CNN  -- Rioting has flared near Belfast on Saturday after the arrests of three men in the killings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland last week , police said . Two people in masks prepare to throw petrol bombs Saturday in Lurgan , Northern Ireland . Petrol bombs have been hurled at police in Lurgan , a town in County Armagh , 20 miles west of Belfast , police in Northern Ireland said . There are gangs of youths on the streets , authorities said , but there have been no arrests or injuries . Police announced the arrests on Saturday and said the three men have been taken to the police service 's Serious Crime Suite in County Antrim . One of them , a dissident republican named Colin Duffy , is from Lurgan . They are the first arrests in connection with the March 7 shootings , which were the first fatal attack on British troops in the province for more than 12 years . The two British soldiers were shot dead at a base in Massereene , in Antrim , as they were preparing to ship out for duty in Afghanistan . The soldiers , Cengiz "  Pat " Azimkar , 21 , and Mark Quinsey , 23 , had already packed their bags and changed into desert uniforms , authorities said . Two masked gunmen with automatic rifles shot them as the soldiers picked up a pizza delivery at the barracks , authorities said . Two other soldiers and the two pizza delivery men were seriously wounded . The shooting has sparked fears of a return to the sectarian violence that Northern Ireland suffered until the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , a period known as The Troubles . A militant splinter group , the Real IRA , reportedly claimed it had carried out the attack on the soldiers . Two days after the soldiers were killed , a police officer was killed in a shooting southwest of Belfast . Constable Stephen Carroll was one of four officers who were responding to call in Craigavon when his vehicle came under fire and he was killed . Three people have been arrested in connection with the police officer 's death . The Continuity IRA , a republican splinter group that does not accept the Good Friday Agreement , said it had killed Carroll , Britain 's Press Association reported . Politicians from across the political spectrum have condemned the killings , with Sinn Fein deputy leader Martin McGuinness calling the killers "  traitors to the island of Ireland . " Sinn Fein is a predominantly Catholic party that wants Northern Ireland to leave the United Kingdom and become part of the Republic of Ireland . The party is widely thought to be linked to the Irish Republican Army . Danny Kennedy , deputy leader of the loyalist Ulster Unionist Party , which wants Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , also condemned the attack as "  wicked and murderous . "	NEW : Petrol bombs hurled at police after arrests in connection with soldiers ' killings Three arrested over slayings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland last week Three men also being held in Monday 's killing of police officer Two republican groups have reportedly claimed responsibility for the killings
Hackers recently broke into a U.S. Postal Service computer system and stole personal data , including Social Security numbers , for 750,000 employees and retirees , a U.S. official familiar with the breach told CNN on Monday . The breach also compromised the data of 2.9 million postal service customers , the official said . The Postal Service acknowledged the breach in a statement Monday but did n't provide details . "  The Postal Service has recently learned of a cyber-security intrusion into some of our information systems , " the statement said . "  We began investigating this incident as soon as we learned of it , and we are cooperating with the investigation , which is ongoing . The investigation is being led by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and joined by other federal and postal investigatory agencies . The intrusion is limited in scope and all operations of the Postal Service are functioning normally . " The personal identifying information of the 750,000 employees and retirees includes birth dates , addresses and employment codes used in the Postal Service 's payroll systems , the official briefed on the matter said . The USPS is notifying employees and retirees Monday and will pay for credit monitoring for those affected , the official said . USPS customers ' data affected includes names , home addresses , phone numbers and emails , the official said . Rep. Elijah Cummings ,  D-Md .  , sent a letter Monday to the Postal Service seeking more information about the breach , raising concerns amid numerous other breaches affecting 500 million records in the financial industry this year . "  The increased frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks upon both public and private entities highlights the need for greater collaboration to improve data security , " Cummings said . The FBI , which is investigating the breach , also issued a statement Monday : "  The FBI is working with the United States Postal Service to determine the nature and scope of this incident . Impacted individuals should take steps to monitor and safeguard their personally identifiable information , and report any suspected instances of identity theft to the FBI 's Internet Crime Complaint Center at www.ic3.gov . "	A U.S. Postal Service computer system was hacked , USPS reported Monday The cyber-security breach affected 750,000 current and retired employees Confidential information for 2.9 million customers was also part of the breach
Come the end of Sunday , one lucky golfer will go home at least $ 10 million richer . That same man may also pocket another cool $ 1.44 million , depending on whether he manages to win the PGA Tour 's season-ending Tour Championship . Some $ 8 million will be on offer to the elite 30-man field at Atlanta 's East Lake course , and a handful of those players will be hoping to grab the bumper jackpot bonus for being top of the FedEx Cup playoffs standings . Brandt Snedeker did so last year , taking home $ 12.5 million from the final four tournaments after winning the decider . The U.S. circuit can potentially make instant millionaires at 34 of its sanctioned events -- 35 if you count the $ 990,000 on offer to the winner of the Tampa Bay Championship . But it was not always so and prize purses have come a long way in the past two decades -- especially since the advent of a certain Tiger Woods . . "  The tour when I started in 1956 was for about $ 650,000 total purse for 40 tournaments , " recalls Billy Casper , one of professional golf 's pioneers -- a man who was something of an unsung hero compared to the well-marketed "  big three " of Arnold Palmer , Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player . "  It started growing in '58 and we grew along with it , " Casper told CNN . "  It took Palmer about 12 years to become a millionaire . I was the second millionaire and it took me 14 years . " Now 82 , Casper can look back on a 45-year playing career in which he won three major titles and 51 PGA Tour events -- putting him seventh on the U.S circuit 's all-time list . But it says something about the development of the game that the most money he ever won came in his final victory on the seniors ' Champions Tour -- a $ 60,000 first prize . "  I played about 45 years and I won $ 7 million . If I 'd played 45 years from , say , 1960 on I 'd have made a couple of hundred million . " In order to start out as a professional , Casper had to go into considerable debt , borrowing $ 15,000 . "  I had no money to start with , my wife had no money . I had a three-year contract and at the end of three years I paid back the people who 'd advanced me the money and gave them a large percentage  reportedly 30 %  of what I won , " he says . "  I had a small sum in the bank , a little house and I owned a '57 Cadillac and I was on my way . " Known as "  Buffalo Bill " due to a strict diet of organic meat and vegetables that slimmed him down to a more athletic figure , Casper set about his golf career with the discipline he had learned in a four-year stint in the U.S. navy . "  It was really a different time of training and building one 's life . There was n't a lot of money available . You had to stay with it , " he says . "  I approached golf tournaments the same way -- I was never worried about majors , I just wanted to play the best I could each week . I was n't like Nicklaus -- he geared himself to winning majors and he played for the majors . I wanted to play every week . I always played for my family . " A devoted family man and devout Mormon , Casper says he still has a "  close relationship " with the military . In the 1960s he visited U.S. troops  "  hitting golf balls off aircraft carriers "  at bases in Vietnam , Thailand and Japan . Even now , he is giving back to the armed forces through his charity work -- in the past three years Casper 's golf facility operations company has helped raise more than $ 1.1 million for the Wounded Warrior veterans project via the "  World 's Largest Golf Outing " event . Last month 's staging , held at 110 of the 150 courses run by Billy Casper Golf -- the largest domestic operator in the U.S. -- brought in $ 725,000 . Casper says the abolition of conscription in the early 1970s has led to some of the United States ' present social problems . "  There was a time when it was mandatory , they had a draft . Young people spent a certain amount of time in the military and it gave them a wonderful base to launch their lives by , " he says . "  They got their feet on the ground , they understood what life was all about and they could make a decision as to what they wanted to do -- stay in the military or get out and follow something else . "  When that was abolished , that 's when we started having problems with our young people . I think it was a wonderful program and it helped young people to build their talents , skills and abilities to go into society and be productive and carry on for their lives and education . I think we missed a lot when that was stopped . " While golfers these days earn massive amounts of money , they also give a lot back -- this year the PGA Tour 's total charitable donations have reached almost $ 2 billion , dating back to 1938 . Everyone from world No. 1 Woods to your average tour pro seems to have a cause celebre , and Casper believes they are a breed apart from their fellow athletes in other sports . "  Most of them do a lot of charity work . I had my own tournament for 22 years and we 've given over $ 3 million to kids , " he says . "  Everybody seems to have something they 're involved in -- they 're raising funds and they 're grateful for the life they 're leading and they 're willing to share what they earn . "  Other sports are nowhere near as close to this . I think it 's a top class of people who play the game . They have the chance to be involved with all the big companies and are very interested in helping people . " Despite the recent years of economic hardship , Casper says his company has actually grown -- taking over struggling public courses in 24 states and turning them around . "  Everybody is having problems right now and they 're looking for ways to keep afloat , " he says . "  There are a lot of courses that have gone to grass , they 've shut down . " Casper says the secret to his business success is down to traditional values . "  We run our courses as if we are dealing with family -- all of our clients and clientele we deal with like they 're family . When you deal with people that are family you deal differently than if you 're in business , " he says . "  We develop this wonderful relationship that if you come to one of our courses then you feel wanted and you want to come back . " Casper , who has achieved so much for so long , hopes that he can continue "  to be of service to my fellow beings through the game of golf . " "  Recently I gave a lecture and a gentleman came to me and asked how I 'd like to be remembered . I 'd never been asked that before , so I thought for a few seconds , and I said I want to be remembered that I had a great love for my fellow man . "	This weekend the winner of the PGA Tour 's lucrative playoffs will be crowned A $ 10 million jackpot is available following 2013 's fourth end-of-season tournament PGA Tour makes multiple millionaires each season -- a far cry from its formative years It took Billy Casper almost a decade and a half to become golf 's second millionaire
WIRED  -- Research In Motion is preparing to release its much-awaited response to the iPad , the BlackBerry PlayBook tablet , a month behind schedule . Among other reasons , Adobe Flash is probably contributing to the delay . The PlayBook was supposed to be out the first quarter of 2011 but is now set to release April 19 . Some publications speculated on Thursday that the PlayBook 's late launch is related to touchscreen supply . The PlayBook also lacks a finished software development kit for making apps , and wo n't have native mail , messaging and contacts apps . Difficulty getting Flash to work properly on the PlayBook is probably another one of RIM 's woes . Let 's take a look at the evidence . First , other tablet makers have had trouble with Flash . Motorola 's Xoom launched without it , despite the fact that Motorola highlighted Flash support as a key feature . Even though Flash Player 10.2 for Android is now available in the Android Market , the version meant for Android 3.0 Honeycomb  which the Xoom runs  is a prerelease version with significant limitations and lots of instability . Second , sluggish performance and battery drainage have been problems for Flash before , and they 're the reason Apple CEO Steve Jobs gave for nixing Flash support on Apple 's mobile products . The Samsung Galaxy Tab , which runs an earlier version of Android , is the only major tablet that currently supports a shipping version of the Adobe plugin . Finally , Wired.com 's Erik Malinowski tried a PlayBook tablet at CES and reported that Flash performance proved to be a "  choppy and  ironically  limiting experience . " RIM officials at the time were tight-lipped about the tablet 's expected battery life , saying only that it would be more than an hour . That was an early version of the tablet , but choppiness in one of its key features does n't bode well . Without great Flash support , a PlayBook tablet would practically have nothing to do . Last year RIM drummed up Flash support for the upcoming PlayBook , saying that it was going to deliver the full internet experience . That would , in theory , give the PlayBook an edge over the iPad . "  We 're not trying to dumb down the internet for a small mobile device , " says Mike Lazaridis , RIM 's CEO , during the PlayBook demonstration . "  What we 're trying to do is bring up the performance and capability of the mobile device to the internet . " RIM 's planned April 19 launch lines up with Adobe 's claims that Flash will be available for tablets "  within a few weeks of Android 3 Honeycomb devices becoming available . " It 's been six weeks since Motorola released the Xoom , and April 19 is probably as long as Adobe can wait before Flash can no longer be considered "  a few weeks " late . Adobe and RIM did n't respond to a request for comment on this story . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	PlayBook supposed to be out the first quarter of 2011 , now releasing April 19 Adobe Flash is probably contributing to the delay The PlayBook 's late launch is related to touchscreen supply , some speculate
CNN  -- "  We will finish the race . " That 's the simple but resilient statement framed by dozens of running shoes forming the shape of a heart on the cover of Boston Magazine 's May cover . Design director Brian Struble and deputy design director Liz Noftle came up with the idea on April 15 , the night after the Boston Marathon bombing shook the city -- and nation -- just a few blocks away from the magazine 's offices near Copley Square . The staff decided to scrap the magazine 's previously planned May cover , and with the new concept in hand utilized social media and personal connections to ask runners who took part in the marathon for their shoes . With each pair of shoes came a story , which the staff packaged into a feature called "  The Shoes We Wore . " Only 15 stories would fit in the print issue ; the rest will live online . "  Every pair became precious , " said editor-in-chief John Wolfson . On Thursday , Struble packed his car with 120 pairs of colorful sneakers and drove to New York so photographer Mitchell Feinberg could bring the concept to life . "  Everyone on staff came together to make this happen , " Noftle told CNN 's Jake Tapper and Brooke Baldwin . Wolfson explained on the magazine 's website that the cover is about "  perseverance and unity . " "  By itself , each shoe in the photograph is tiny , battered , and ordinary . Together , though , they create something beautiful , powerful , and inspirational , " he said . "  Remove just one shoe and you begin to diminish , in some small way , the overall effect . Collectively , they are the perfect symbol for Boston , and for our response to the bombings . " Each person who donated shoes for the project will get them back , Noftle said . As for the project 's overall message : "  It just represents that we 're a strong city , " Noftle added .	Boston Magazine staff scrapped its planned cover in the wake of the marathon bombings Art directors conceived the idea of running shoes in the shape of a heart 120 pairs of shoes were donated for the project , and each pair holds a story
CNN  -- Substitute Javier Hernandez scored a late header as champions Manchester United fought back from three goals down to earn a remarkable 3-3 Premier League draw at Chelsea on Sunday . On a bitterly cold afternoon in south-west London , United knew they needed a victory at Stamford Bridge to keep pace with rivals Manchester City at the top of the table . But they got off to a poor start and went into the interval a goal behind after defender Johnny Evans had inadvertently turned Daniel Sturridge 's cross into his own net . And United then suffered a double blow early in the second half as two goals in the space of just five minutes looked to have handed Chelsea victory . With the second 45 minutes barely a minute old , Fernando Torres ' crash was superbly volleyed home by fellow-Spaniard Juan Mata to double Chelsea 's lead . And United 's defense was found wanting again soon afterwards when David Luiz was left unmarked to head home a free-kick . The visitors had been denied two first-half penalty appeals by referee Howard Webb , but the World Cup final official had no hesitation in pointing to the spot when Sturridge fouled Patrice Evra in the area . Wayne Rooney smashed home the 58th minute spot-kick to make it 3-1 and Rooney again held his nerve from the spot just 11 minutes later , this time Branislav Ivanovic was adjudged to have tripped Danny Welbeck . By now United were in the ascendency , and they drew level when Hernandez found space in the area to head home Ryan Giggs ' cross from close range six minutes from time . However , only a superb flying save from much-criticized United goalkeeper David de Gea , to keep out Mata 's last-minute free-kick , ensured the points were shared . Despite the fightback , United lose ground in the title race , with City now two points ahead of their rivals , with a much better goal difference as well . Chelsea remain in fourth place on 43 points , but Newcastle are now only a point behind in fifth after their Senegalese international strikers combined to beat Aston Villa 2-1 . Demba Ba scored his 16th goal of the season , second only to Arsenal 's Robin van Persie , to give Newcastle the lead , only for Robbie Keane to level for Villa from close range . But debutant Papiss Demba Cisse secured the three points for Newcastle with a stunning strike that arrowed into the top corner of the Villa net with 19 minutes remaining .	Manchester United fight back from 3-0 down to earn a draw at Chelsea Two Wayne Rooney penalties sparked the recovery in the second half The result leaves United two points behind Manchester City in Premier League Newcastle defeat Aston Villa 2-1 to move up to fifth , a point behind Chelsea
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Former first lady Laura Bush praised the performance of her husband 's successor Monday , breaking with many Republicans in telling CNN that she thinks President Obama is doing a good job under tough circumstances . Former first lady Laura Bush defended President Obama 's decision to address the nation 's schoolchildren . She also criticized Washington 's sharp political divide during an interview covering a range of topics including her thoughts on first lady Michelle Obama , former Vice President Dick Cheney , the situation in Afghanistan and Myanmar , and life after eight tumultuous years in the White House . Bush sat down with CNN on Monday during a United Nations meeting in Paris , France , where she was promoting global literacy , a cause she trumpeted during her husband 's administration . The typically reserved former first lady defended Obama 's decision to deliver a back-to-school speech to students , putting her at odds with many conservatives afraid that the president will use the opportunity to advance his political agenda . "  I think he is -LSB- doing a good job -RSB- , " Bush said when asked to assess Obama 's job performance . "  I think he has got a lot on his plate , and he has tackled a lot to start with , and that has probably made it more difficult . " Michelle Obama is also "  doing great , " she said , in part by turning the White House into a comfortable home for her family . Watch more of the interview " Referencing the uproar over Obama 's address to schoolchildren , which will be aired nationwide Tuesday , Laura Bush said it 's "  really important for everyone to respect the president of the United States . " Bush did n't completely dismiss the concerns of some conservatives but noted that controversial Education Department plans recommending that students draft letters discussing what they can do to help Obama had been changed . "  I think there is a place for the president ... to talk to schoolchildren and encourage " them , she said . Parents should follow his example and "  encourage their own children to stay in school and to study hard and to try to achieve the dream that they have . " Bush indicated that she did n't think it was fair for Obama to be labeled a "  socialist " by critics and expressed her disappointment with the intensely polarized nature of contemporary American politics . Part of the reason for the polarization , she said , was the increase in the number of congressional districts dominated by either strongly conservative or liberal voters . "  We 've seen that for the last eight years , certainly , and we 're still seeing it , " she said . "  That 's just a fact of life . " iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's speech Bush conceded that after her husband was elected president , he was unable to replicate his success as governor of Texas in reaching across the aisle to Democrats . "  He was disappointed that that was not the way it worked out in Washington , " she said . "  I 'm sure President Obama did n't expect it to be that way -LSB- either -RSB- . ... All of us need to do what we can to come together on issues . " Despite her husband 's disappointment , he is "  doing very well , " she said . Both of them are now working on their memoirs , she noted . Though the former first lady criticized the excessive partisanship of Washington , she expressed gratitude for Cheney 's decision to vocally defend her husband 's performance . Cheney has been outspoken in his defense of the Bush administration 's national security record , which has been sharply criticized on , among other things , questions relating to the detention and interrogation of terrorist suspects . "  I think that Vice President Cheney has every right to speak out , and I appreciate that he is defending " the administration , Bush said . "  I think that is important . I think there is a place for that . " Bush also said it does n't bother her husband that Cheney 's "  out there being critical . " The former first lady said her husband still speaks with Cheney occasionally . Multiple sources have indicated that the two men parted ways on several issues in the last years of their administration , including Bush 's refusal to offer a pardon for former top Cheney aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby . Libby was convicted on charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to investigators looking into the leak that resulted in the exposure of CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson . Though Bush expressed confidence that her husband will ultimately be remembered as "  somebody who stood for freedom and who stood for the security of our country , " she admitted that she 's worried about the current situation in Afghanistan . "  I 'm very concerned , of course , " she said . "  All of us are concerned , and everybody , as they look at Afghanistan from around the world , really hope and want to -LSB- do -RSB- whatever they can to help the government stabilize , to see that the elections were fair . " Bush said she hoped people "  will redouble their efforts " to help the country fend off Taliban and al Qaeda extremists . She also repeated her outspoken criticism of the government of Myanmar , also known by its former name of Burma , which has come under fire for imprisoning pro-democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi . "  She 's always been held under house arrest -LSB- because -RSB- they 're afraid of her popularity . They think that undermines their regime , " Bush said . "  I hope that they 'll see what she really wants . ... She wants -LSB- the nation to have -RSB- a peaceful transition to a democracy and to have the chance for Burma to really build itself -LSB- into -RSB- a very wealthy and educated nation . " After her husband 's eight controversial years in the White House , what does Bush have to say to critics who believe he had a negative , destructive influence in the world ? "  I would say that that 's absolutely not right , " Bush said . "  I do n't think they have either the right view of him or what his responsibilities are and were as president of the United States . "	Laura Bush sits down with CNN during U.N. meeting in Paris , France She says President Obama is doing good job under tough circumstances Former first lady criticizes excessive partisanship of Washington She also defends Cheney 's defense of Bush administration actions
Beijing , China  CNN  -- China and the United States , the largest producers of greenhouse gases , will team up to fight climate change and create clean energy , their leaders said Tuesday . Chinese President Hu Jintao and President Obama said their nations will cooperate to advance technologies and work toward a global agreement on reducing carbon emissions . "  As the two largest consumers and producers of energy , there can be no solution to this challenge without the efforts of both China and the United States , " Obama said . "  That is why we 've agreed to a series of important new initiatives in this area . " What would you ask Obama ? Share your question for CNN 's interview After Tuesday 's meeting , Hu told reporters , "  We agreed to expand our cooperation on climate change , energy and environment , " which includes developing a China-U.S. clean energy research center . The declaration by Hu and Obama comes ahead of next month 's U.N. Climate Change Conference in Copenhagen , Denmark , and follows recent acknowledgment by the world 's top economic powers , including the U.S. , that there 's no hope of a major breakthrough on climate change by year 's end . The U.S. president said the two leaders want to accelerate the world toward a pact to cut greenhouse gases . The leaders did not offer a time frame , however . "  Our aim ... is not a partial accord or a political declaration , " Obama said , "  but rather an accord that covers all of the issues in the negotiations and one that has immediate operational affect . "  This kind of comprehensive agreement would be an important step forward in the effort to rally the world around a solution to our climate challenge . " Instead of reaching a final deal in Copenhagen , a strategy dubbed "  one agreement , two steps " was unveiled at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum summit over the weekend in Singapore . The aim is to produce a pact over a longer period . The first step would be to have all 191 countries involved in the Copenhagen summit signing on to a framework that includes key ingredients , such as how to finance the coordinated effort to battle climate change . The second step , a binding deal on cutting carbon emissions , would be hashed out in further negotiations . "  Opportunity is knocking . It is up to you to open the door , " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said in a statement Monday . "  We must seize this opportunity to create a safer and more prosperous future for all , to reduce the emissions that are causing climate change and to help the most vulnerable adapt to impacts that are already under way . " Like the United States and China , APEC and Group of 20 leaders -- the world 's leading economies -- have pledged to drive toward a climate-change agreement in Copenhagen . The conference , set to begin December 7 , aims to strike a deal on a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol , the 1997 pact that has legally binding targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions . The United States never ratified it , though more than 200 other nations did .	President Obama , Chinese leader pledge to work to reduce carbon emissions Move comes before U.N. Climate Change Conference in Denmark China and U.S. are largest producers of greenhouse gases Obama , Chinese President Hu Jintao do n't offer a timetable
CNN  -- Two days after the ferry they were on sank after colliding with a cargo ship , 82 people remained unaccounted for Sunday in waters between southern Philippine islands , a Coast Guard official said . Authorities have found the bodies of 38 people and rescued another 750 , said Coast Guard spokeswoman Dawn Baterbonia . The incident occurred around 9 p.m. Friday in the Mactan Channel about 2 miles northwest of Cebu City , the capital of Cebu province . The passenger ship -- MV St. Thomas Aquinas -- was coming from nearby Butuan City and the cargo ship -- the Sulpicio , which had about 20 people aboard -- was leaving Cebu for the province of Davao in Mindanao . The passenger ferry sank , but not before sending out a distress call heard by Coast Guard officials . The cargo vessel involved in the crash -- along with Navy , Coast Guard and commercial vessels -- was helping in the rescue efforts . The incident recalls one of the worst maritime disasters in world history dating to December 20 , 1987 , also off the Philippines . Between 1,700 and more than 4,000 people were killed when the ferry Dona Paz collided with the tanker MT Victor . The number of casualties has varied ; many claim the Dona Paz was extremely overcrowded . Philippines arrest Chinese ` poachers ' after reef collision Ships collide in North Sea CNN 's Greg Botelho and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	NEW : 38 people have died and 82 remain missing , the Philippine coast guard says NEW : 750 passengers have been rescued Rescue crews continue searching for survivors Their ferry hit a cargo ship off Cebu City in the southern Philippines
Barcelona , Spain  CNN  -- Is it time to start carrying two mobile phones ? With the launch of a new no-frills handset , at least one manufacturer is hoping more people might soon be relying on multiple mobiles . Unveiling its cheapest ever mobile phone , a $ 20 handset with a 35-hour battery , Nokia said the device 's extraordinary staying power could make it popular as a backup for when our main handsets run out of juice or prove too bulky to carry around . As he touted the Nokia 105 at this week 's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , an annual showcase for the newest hand-held gadgets , the company 's chief executive Stephen Elop suggested that the time has come for some of us to be using two phones . While some might balk at the idea of filling their pockets with yet more technology , the enduring popularity of some existing low-priced models suggests Elop could be right . Modern mobiles might be capable of all sorts of trickery , but thanks to power-hungry screens and processors , many are incapable of staying switched on for long , despite the aid of various apps designed to wring out every last drop of battery power . Not so Nokia 's 105 . Although this barebones device offers none of the internet connectivity of most modern phones , it will be able to sit on standby for more than a month between charges . The handset , which also features a dust and splash-proof keypad and an FM radio , has been primarily launched as a low-end phone that would appeal to customers in the developing world who may have infrequent access to electricity . Nokia hopes that by focusing on budget as well as top end users it can reclaim ground from rivals such as Apple , Samsung and ZTE who have in recent years undermined the Finnish multinational 's previously dominant position . Elop , Nokia 's chief executive , told CNN his company hoped other budget models such as the Lumia 520 , which includes top-end features such as internet and email access and a camera but a lower-end price of about $ 180 , would help it corner this market . Nokia is n't alone in targeting this sector . Earlier this month Microsoft announced a partnership with Chinese manufacturer Huawei to create a sub - $ 150 smartphone specifically aimed at developing markets in Africa . But elsewhere in the world , Elop said his cheapest device would appeal as either a failsafe that users can turn to when their smarter handsets are struck dumb by power outage or as a novelty stand-in for costlier , bigger devices . "  For some people it is their first mobile phone in an emerging economy for example , " he said . "  For others it might be the device they toss into the glove box of the car as a backup device or maybe something retro chic that they might carry with them to a party and slip into a clutch instead of their larger smartphone . " Of course , Nokia 's 105 is n't the only no-frills handset on the market . Many manufacturers continue to produce phones that retail so cheaply that some are treated as disposable . Over the past three years , Alcatel 's OT-209 , for instance , has sold in steady numbers to users lured by pre-paid package deals that cost just a few dollars a month . But none of these boast the 35-day battery life that would make them suitable for an always-on emergency standby . Elop is no stranger to multiple mobiles , admitting to CNN that up to 15 devices usually accompany him on his travels , although these are usually consigned to his luggage . "  Normally in my pockets I have four or five , " he said , adding that his array of handsets usually included rival models that he carried around to keep tabs on Nokia 's opposition . But he declined to reveal the contents of his pockets to CNN on the grounds that at least one of the devices could be a Nokia prototype that needed to stay under wraps .	Nokia chief exec suggests its customers will use $ 20 mobile as a backup Stephen Elop says the 105 device has a standby battery life of 35 hours Phone is part of Nokia 's strategy of cornering budget end of mobile market
A teen who performed at events around President Barack Obama 's inauguration was shot to death in Chicago this week , and now her story has become part of the debate in Washington over gun violence nationwide . The shooting death of 15-year-old Hadiya Pendleton came up in a U.S. Senate hearing and a White House press briefing Wednesday . "  She was an honor student and a majorette , " said Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois . Performing at inaugural events last week "  was the highlight of her young , 15-year-old life , " he said . Speaking at Wednesday 's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on gun violence , Durbin mentioned Pendleton 's death as he argued that more must be done to stop gun crimes . Giffords : ` Too many children dying ' "  Yesterday , in a rainstorm after school , she raced to a shelter . A gunman came in and shot her dead , " he said . "  Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life , she 's gone . " The park shelter where she was shot is just a mile from Obama 's home in Chicago . White House spokesman Jay Carney described her death as a "  terrible tragedy . " "  The president has more than once , when he talks about gun violence in America , referred not just to the horror of Newtown or Aurora or Virginia Tech or Oak Creek but to shootings on the corner in Chicago or other parts of the country , " Carney told reporters . "  And this is just another example of the problem we need to deal with . " Watch : Chicago 's 500 homicides in 2012 2013 has gotten off to a deadly start in Chicago -- Pendleton was the year 's 42nd murder victim . No arrests have been made in the case , police said Wednesday . In 2012 , 506 people were slain in the city . Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel described Pendleton Wednesday as "  what 's best in our city , a child going to school who takes a final exam , who had just been to the inaugural . " "  We have a responsibility to see a stop to this , " he said . "  And all of us are responsible . " Pendleton was shot just blocks away from her high school on the south side of Chicago , CNN affiliate WGN reported . LaPierre , the NRA 's heavyweight Police told CNN affiliates that the teenager had no gang affiliation and likely was not the intended target . "  There has to be an end to it . It 's just too much . The children can not go to school . They 're in fear , " Bonita O'Bannion , who lives in the area where the shooting occurred , told CNN affiliate WBBM . Carney said the president and first lady 's thoughts and prayers are with Pendleton 's family . "  And as the president said , we will never be able to eradicate every act of evil in this country , " Carney said , "  but if we can save even one child 's life , we have an obligation to try when it comes to the scourge of gun violence . " How the violent mentally ill can buy guns	Chicago mayor : "  We have a responsibility to see a stop to this " Hadiya Pendleton , 15 , was shot dead in Chicago on Tuesday Last week she performed in events surrounding President Obama 's inauguration "  Just a matter of days after the happiest day of her life , she 's gone , " Sen. Dick Durbin says
DNA found on a chain used by protesters believed to be aligned with the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York appears to be a "  similar profile " to DNA recovered in the unsolved murder of a Julliard student in 2004 , according to a source with knowledge of the case . There currently is no definitive forensic match between DNA recently found on the chain and DNA on a compact disc player believed to have belonged to Sarah Fox , which was recovered in 2004 , the source said . Heiress ' death a mystery City authorities say they are investigating what could be new evidence in the killing of Fox , although they remained cautious , saying the find could pose any number of possibilities and is potentially unrelated to her death . The chain was recovered in Brooklyn and used by demonstrators during a March protest , the source said . Fox , a third-year drama student at the prestigious performing arts school in Manhattan , was 21 when she went missing . Her roommate told authorities she was last seen leaving their apartment with her keys and a pink portable CD player . It is not clear what prompted officials to investigate the chain . Dana Balicki , a spokesman for Occupy Wall Street , said authorities had not contacted organizers of the movement about the new find , and that the group was unaware of the investigation . Technology predicts crime Mugshot of the Day : ' I just strangled my girlfriend ' Cops : Wife , 27 , stabs husband , 72 , with knife School teacher found dead in a pool of blood	DNA on a chain at OWS is a "  similar profile " to DNA found in the murder of a student , a source says There is currently no forensic match , the source adds City authorities are investigating what could be new evidence in the killing of Sarah Fox Officials remain cautious , saying the find could pose any number of possibilities
The man expected to become Italy 's next prime minister wo n't pound the bully pulpit like Silvio Berlusconi . He wo n't claim to be the Jesus Christ of politics , or praise Barack Obama 's "  tan " , and it 's highly unlikely you 'll bump into him at an all-night bunga bunga party . No , Pier Luigi Bersani is seen as a safe pair of hands -- and now , after a lifetime in politics , the 61-year-old leader of the center-left Democratic Party is hoping to hang on to a lead in the polls that bombastic three-time former premier Berlusconi had all but wiped out in the dying days of the campaign . A cigar-puffing ex-communist and pillar of the Italian left , Bersani campaigned on the promise of "  A Just Italy " -- but as he knows , it will take far more than words to fix Europe 's fourth-largest economy . Italy in crisis From top to bottom , Italy is a mess . Berlusconi , its last elected prime minister , quit in disgrace in 2011 and is now on trial for allegedly paying for sex with an underage girl . Italy has the third highest debt-to-GDP ratio in the first world , and only Haiti and Zimbabwe grew less from 2000 to 2010 . Italy ranks 72nd in corruption -- behind Ghana and Saudi Arabia -- and at an estimated $ 140 billion euros in yearly turnover , organized crime is the country 's biggest industry , according to one business association report . Italy ranks a woeful 73rd in the Ease of Doing Business index , 80th in gender equality , and income equality is growing . Mario Monti , who was appointed to run the country after Berlusconi 's departure , has forced through a bitter package of cost-cutting measures to save the country from financial ruin , snuffing out any hope of short-term growth . Italy 's economy has shrunk for a staggering six straight quarters , and its 11.2 % unemployment rate is the highest since they began keeping records in 1999 . And while Monti may have some say in the new Italian government , it is career politician Bersani who will bear the burden of pulling Italy out of the mire . From school teacher to party leader Bersani was born in Bettola , a village in northwest Italy , in 1951 . The son of a mechanic , he studied philosophy and wrote his thesis on Pope Gregory I at Bologna University , according to his campaign website . The lifelong Catholic has been married to Daniela Ferrari since 1980 and has two daughters . Bersani abandoned a brief stint as a schoolteacher in favor of local politics , joining the Communist Party in the historically left-leaning region of Emilia-Romagna . The Communist Party folded at the end of the Cold War but Bersani continued his way up the ranks in the leftist parties that followed , becoming the president of the Emilia-Romagna regional council in 1993 . Bersani served in cabinet for three center-left governments between 1996 and 2008 , most recently as the minister of economic development , when in a break with his communist roots he embarked on a series of free market reforms aimed at making Italian industry more competitive . Last December , voters in his Democratic Party had the opportunity to choose a younger , more vibrant politician to carry the torch for the Italian left in the upcoming election in the form of Matteo Renzi , the brash 38-year-old mayor of Florence . But while Renzi 's following is growing , he was seen as too much of a modernizer for an Italian left long dominated by ex-communists , according to Geoff Andrews , an Open University senior lecturer and expert on Italian politics . "  Renzi is seen as a Blairite , but it 's never been a Blairite left in Italy , and I do n't think he was trusted by some of the party faithful , " Andrews told CNN . Bersani , the popular party veteran , trounced Renzi in the primary by almost 22 points . But his nomination might also say as much about Italy 's current political climate as it does about the candidates . "  After years of Silvio Berlusconi , voters need a rest , " says Beppe Severigni , an Italian journalist who spoke to CNN during an 11-day train journey across the country to gauge voters ' moods ahead of the election . "  Italians are nervous , anxious and exhausted , the mood is the same everywhere . After so long on the roller coaster people want a safe pair of hands , and Bersani is banking on that . " A more just Italy ? If elected , Bersani has pledged to continue with Monti 's unpopular budget-cutting reforms and sees them as a necessary evil , but he says Europe 's strict focus on austerity measures is preventing Italy from growing . "  The rigor and credibility that Monti has brought into the world are for us a point of no return , " he told CNN , several weeks before the election . " -LSB- But -RSB- we believe that a stimulus is necessary to the European and the Italian economy . " Bersani will also pursue civil unions for gay people , immigration reform , and $ 500 million worth of government-funded university scholarships , according to the Democratic Party website . He says he will retain an unpopular property tax that his rival Berlusconi has promised to repeal , and refund , in its entirety -- a promise Mario Monti called "  a poison meatball , " according to The New York Times . One of Bersani 's main goals will be to enact labor reforms to make it cheaper for businesses to hire , but experts say his allegiance to Italy 's labor unions could complicate any attempts at change . "  Italy has a lot of protected industries and interests , and Bersani has a lot of ties to CGIL , Italy 's largest labor union , " said Open University 's Geoff Andrews . "  He is somebody from the old school left , and it 's unlikely he 's going to take a strong fight to the unions . " Can Bersani govern ? According to Andrews , winning the election is just the beginning of Bersani 's problems . Even if Bersani wins the election , recent polls have him falling well short of a majority of the vote . Most experts believe in order to govern he will need to try to cobble together a coalition with the more centrist Monti , whose austerity measures are deeply unpopular with factions of Bersani 's current alliance . And even if Bersani and Monti manage to strike a deal , Berlusconi could get enough votes to make life difficult for the coalition once it 's in office . His return to power may be unlikely , but the fact Berlusconi looms large in the election -- just 15 months after resigning as Italy hit rock bottom -- is a testament not only to his domination of Italian politics over the past 20 years , but also to the left 's inability to capitalize on his scandals , according to Andrews . "  There 's a lot of pessimism about the next government , and the problem Bersani 's got has been the failure of the left to deal with Berlusconi , " Andrews said . "  They 're all sort of living in his shadow . " Italy has had more than 60 governments since World War II , and desperately needs a stable government to nurse its battered economy back to health . But while Bersani has sold voters on his promise of "  politics that tell the truth , " the truth is that the election may only be the start of the battle for control of Italy 's future -- and it 's hard to keep the man everyone calls "  Il Cavaliere " down for too long .	Center-left Democratic Party leader Pier Luigi Bersani , 61 , expected to win election Cigar-smoking ex-communist has spent career in politics , served in three cabinets Bersani said he 'd continue Monti 's budget cuts , but that stimulus is needed too After years of turbulent ex-premier Berlusconi , Bersani is seen as pair of safe hands
CNN  -- World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka rallied from a set and 4-0 down to unseeded Italian Alberta Brianti as she eventually emerged into the second round of the French Open on Monday . The 22-year-old looked like she would achieve the unwanted feat of becoming the first top-seeded player to lose in the opening round at Roland Garros in the Open era . But after Brianti moved to within two games of a landmark victory Azarenka , from Belarus , won 12 of the next 14 to finally earn a clash with Germany 's Dinah Pfizenmaier . "  I was kind of thinking there was a flight straight to Minsk around 3pm tomorrow , so I could catch that , " Azarenka told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  But I did n't want to leave too soon . Courting China : Li Na leaps up sport 's rich list "  I think it was maybe a mix of things , " Azarenka added of her below-par opening to the tournament . "  I was waiting a long time for my first match here , so I could n't wait to get out there . Maybe I was rushing too much to finish the points . "  Plus I also have to give Alberta a lot of credit , she played really well , and she pushed me to dig deep today . Bad days happen . The important thing is how I came out of it . " Defending champion Li Na , from China , had no such difficulties as she eased into round two with a regulation 6-2 6-1 victory over Romania 's Sorana Cirstea . The 30-year-old became the first Asian winner of a grand slam singles title at last year 's event and is aiming to become the first woman since Belgium 's Justine Henin in 2007 to successfully defend her crown . "  I 'll just try my best , " she told reporters . "  It 's tough for me to stay at the same level all the time . " Li will now face France 's Stephanie Foretz Gacon in the next round . Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska sped to a 6-1 6-0 win over Serbia 's Bojana Jovanovksi in just 49 minutes and will now face seven-time grand slam winner Venus Williams in round two . Home favorite and No. 8 seed Marion Bartoli progressed into the second round with a 6-3 6-3 win over Czech qualifier Karolina Plizkova . But Russian 11th seed Vera Zvonareva withdrew from the tournament on Monday morning with a right shoulder injury . Sabine Lisicki , the No. 12 seed from Germany , slumped to a surprise 6-4 6-3 defeat to America 's Bethanie Mattek-Sands . There were also victories on Monday for Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova , Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic , Petra Cetkovska of the Czech Republic and Italy 's No. 17 seed Roberta Vinci .	World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka survives huge scare in French Open first round Azarenka goes one set and 4-0 down before fighting back to beat Alberta Brianti Defending champion Li Na enjoys smooth passage through to round two Vera Zvonareva , the number 11 seed , pulls out of tournament through injury
CNN Student News  -- November 19 , 2013 On this day 150 years ago , President Lincoln gave one of the most famous speeches in U.S. history . To mark its anniversary , CNN Student News shares 5 Things to Know about the Gettysburg Address . We also report on the aftermath of severe weather in the Midwestern U.S. , and we discuss a new iceberg that broke off Antarctica . Plus , we examine the Federal Reserve 's impact on the stock market . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : In 1863 , how do you think the Gettysburg Address might have been covered by Union and Confederate newspapers ? What different perspectives might Civil War-era readers have had on the address ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Enhanced Fujita Scale 2 . Dow Jones Industrial Average 3 . Gettysburg Address Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Describe the effects of Sunday 's severe weather in the Midwest . What images from the report most stick out in your mind ? 2 . What milestone did the Dow temporarily reach yesterday ? Why did CNN 's Richard Quest say these times for the market are "  not normal " ? 3 . How large is the iceberg featured in today 's program ? Why is this iceberg causing concern ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Based on what you heard in today 's report , what do you think might be the potential benefits and risks of investing in the stock market right now ? 2 . How would you describe the legacy of the Gettysburg Address ? What circumstances might result in a speech being remembered throughout history ? 3 . What unique skills and abilities do you think it might take to be a professional race car driver ? Do you think these abilities are learned or innate ? Do you agree or disagree with former NFL quarterback Donovan McNabb 's comments regarding race car drivers ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , Illinois ; Gettysburg , Pennsylvania Antarctica FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Editor 's Note : Roland S. Martin , a nationally syndicated columnist and Chicago-based radio host , is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Please visit his Web site . Roland Martin says the Republican statements downplaying role of community organizers are a mistake . CNN  -- The Republicans have made it clear where their focus is this week with their convention slogan , "  Country First . " With the abundance of flags , chants of "  U.S.A. , U.S.A. " and tributes to those in the military , they have been laying it on thick . Sen. John McCain has often talked about the need for Americans to dedicate themselves to service , namely military , and he is on the money . But a line of attack that was used consistently last night by former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , and later by Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , tried to call into question whether community organizers put their country first . Palin focused on the issue , mainly to criticize the Obama campaign for offering up his community organizing work opposite her experience as mayor . But when you examine Giuliani 's dismissive tone -- and the subsequent laughter by the Republicans in the XCel Energy Center -- regarding the community organizer jabs , the Democrats could have an opening . After praising Palin 's speech , I said as much , and that they can expect the Obama-Biden camp to seize on that point . This morning , I read an e-mail from Obama campaign manager David Plouffe , who incorporated the community organizer argument into a fundraising appeal . Republican operatives I talked to said the lines were brilliant and that community organizers do n't play to the GOP 's strength . I disagree . And so do the many folks who have sent me angry e-mails . They include white Republicans , black Democrats , people from Small Town , U.S.A. , and Big City , America . At a time when Americans are losing their homes to foreclosure , folks are trying to get by after layoffs , people are struggling with lack of healthcare , and we 're facing pressing environmental issues , it 's ludicrous to slam the little man and woman who is n't asking the government for handouts , but is doing what they can to make their neighborhood and city better . I think of my parents . As a child growing up in the Clinton Park neighborhood in Houston , Texas , my parents were just regular folks trying to raise their five children  sounds like Gov. Sarah Palin  . They were always present at our local elementary school  sounds like Gov. Sarah Palin  and were heavily involved in our church . But our neighborhood was dying . Drugs were ravaging it . Older homeowners were dying and their children did n't want to live there , so they began renting to people who really did n't care . We saw abandoned homes , weeded lots , no sidewalks , a park falling into disrepair , and a senior citizen center shuttered . So they joined several others neighbors and decided to form a civic club . Others called them crazy for trying to advance their ideas , but they did n't give up . They enlisted their children in passing out flyers and putting up signs , notifying folks of the monthly meetings . A few folks showed up , but they kept going . And going . And going . And going . After months , and then years , we began to see progress : Stepped up police patrols and crack houses raided by the Houston police , DEA and FBI . Abandoned houses torn down . Weeded lots cut . More heavy trash pickup days . New streetlights . New sidewalks . New sewer pipes . A refurbished park . Bottom line , these average , low - to middle-income people did n't have political power . They focused on people power . They organized a community to take action . iReport.com : Is Palin really ready to start an experience debate ? So when Rudy Giuliani and Palin mock community organizers , they do n't just toss a barb at Sen. Barack Obama , they demean Reginald and Emelda Martin . They degrade the women who fought for their rights . They disrespect the labor activists and immigrant worker activists like Cesar Chavez . They dismiss those in the civil rights movement -- folks from small town America who were sick and tired of being sick and tired . They thumb their noses at the Nelson Mandelas of the world who want a better life for their children . It would have been perfectly fine for Giuliani and Palin to say that Obama 's community organizing days did n't amount to enough experience to be president . But when you openly laugh and mock those hard-working Americans who are in the trenches every day , then you really do n't care about "  Country First " or service . Will this be a major deal or a ripple ? Likely the latter . But the one thing I know about community organizers is that they know how to organize communities . And if the McCain-Palin ticket wants to win , they best not slap those folks they need for voter registration drives and systems to get folks to the polls . Community organizers are always told they ca n't do something or are dismissed as meaningless . Yet they often have the last laugh . Rudy Giuliani , Sarah Palin and John McCain might want to remember that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Roland Martin : Republicans are emphasizing the theme of "  country first " Martin : Wednesday night 's speeches took jabs at community organizers Yet civil rights activists and other organizers have accomplished a lot , he says Martin : GOP should beware of deriding organizers who can get out the vote
CNN  -- A stolen war memorial that was at the center of a prominent legal battle over the display of religious symbols on public land was found this week tied to a fence post near San Francisco . Federal officials said on Thursday the Mojave Cross , removed by vandals from its lonely California desert perch two years ago , was located 500 miles away in Half Moon Bay . "  It was not easy to pick out identifying features to examine , but they are now confirming that it is in fact the Mojave Cross , " Linda Slater , a spokeswoman with the Mojave National Preserve , said . The Latin cross was first erected on national parkland in 1934 to honor war dead and has been rebuilt several times over the years . Easter services are held annually at the site . A federal judge in 2001 ordered the six-foot metal cross covered with plywood in response to a lawsuit claiming the symbol violated federal law prohibiting government preference for a particular religion . Frank Buono , a former Park Service employee , said in his suit the cross amounted to government endorsement of the Christian faith . An appeals court agreed , but the Supreme Court ruled in 2010 it did not violate church-state separation and left it to lower courts to decide the circumstances for its display . After months of subsequent litigation , the National Park Service conveyed a one-acre piece of federal land where the cross stood to the California Veterans of Foreign Wars . The cross received congressional recognition a decade ago -- shortly after the initial lawsuits were filed -- and its now known as the White Cross World War I Memorial . A replacement cross will be erected Sunday in a special rededication ceremony near the Mojave National Preserve . The San Mateo County Sheriff 's Department was contacted this week by someone saying the stolen cross was tied to a fence post in Half Moon Bay . A note tied on it said authorities should be contacted . Henry Sandoz , a local man who had built and erected the cross on Sunrise Rock in the park , was notified by rangers to help identify it . The rangers and Sandoz finally agreed that the cross found in San Mateo County was definitely the same one stolen in 2010 , Slater said . The National Park Service plans to return it to him . The cross itself was embedded in rock held in place by concrete . Whoever removed the original would have had to climb up the steep outcropping , maneuvering around rattlesnakes that hide in the crevices . There have been no arrests or any indication who stole the original cross and how it would up in the San Francisco Bay area .	Mojave Cross was stolen from California desert in 2010 Suit over its display on public land went to Supreme Court Cross recognized as memorial to veterans Replica to be dedicated ahead of Veterans Day next week
CNN  -- The first line in most of the early obituaries of Lou Reed described him primarily as lead singer for the Velvet Underground . This is somewhat like starting an obituary for Abraham Lincoln by saying he was president of he United States during the Civil War . Or , more to the point , that Thelonious Monk played piano or that Bob Dylan was a folk singer . In each case , it 's a start . At the same time , it does n't begin telling you what 's important to know . In fact , what I 've been hearing and reading online from friends and others , since word came Sunday of Reed 's death at age 71 , were reactions that vibrated with emotional intensity and startling intimacy . "  He changed my life " was a recurring theme , as was "  I would n't have been a ______ without him . " And you could fill in the blank with any or all of the following : poet , artist , musician , singer , writer , performer , iconoclast , New Yorker -- all of which Lou Reed was . And the example he set in those roles empowered generations as decisively and enduringly as such disparate peers as Dylan , John Lennon , Brian Wilson and others who made the '60s  and a lot that came afterward  possible . "  He was as gifted , as important and influential , as any artist of the last fifty years , " wrote Mikal Gilmore , a writer and rock journalist whose own work , including the 2001 memoir "  Shot in the Heart , " has evoked some of the same darkness , mordancy and pungent wit that filtered through Reed 's songs . "  And he was a great favorite of mine since the day I first heard the Velvet Underground 's debut as I was sitting on the floor of the Psychedelic Shop in Portland , Oregon in the summer of 1967 . " "  Even though I knew  Reed  was sick , I thought he 'd last forever " was another recurring theme that one read in blogs and social media postings . This seemed aligned with the perception of Reed as a hard-bitten survivor of drug abuse and other wretched excesses who continued to put out trenchant albums , alienate journalists , and inspire independent rockers and others who sought the cutting edge he helped define . Michael Hogan 's Vanity Fair blog -- which celebrated Reed as "  the last of the old New York characters , a true curmudgeon " -- alluded to the knowingly affectionate jibes many people made over Reed 's liver transplant this past spring . "  Look what he did to the last one , people said , " wrote Hogan . "  And it 's true that Lou Reed put his body through hell back in the day . He eventually cleaned up his habits but he never softened up . " The YouTube postings of Reed 's performances also blanketed the social media landscape . "  Walk on the Wild Side " and "  Sweet Jane , " arguably his two most widely successful and recognized singles , were the most frequently shared . Some reached back to the 1967 album that started it all , "  The Velvet Underground and Nico , " by posting such songs as "  I 'm Waiting for the Man , " "  Venus in Furs " and "  Heroin " -- songs that took their listeners to dark , forbidding places many of them were n't ready to go , whether it was the dark corridors of a Harlem brownstone to buy hard drugs or even harder-core rituals of sadomasochistic sex . Over time , the album would become the hallowed cornerstone of such iconoclastic offshoots of the rock-pop universe as new wave , punk and indie rock . It also created a space where a new kind of romantic vision of outlaw street life would seize the imaginations not only of musicians , but of artists , writers and filmmakers . There were even those who insisted on posting , in its entirety , Reed 's 1975 experimental LP , "  Metal Machine Music , " consisting almost entirely of guitar feedback running at different speeds . It sounds just as confounding and fascinating now as it did to listeners in the mid - '70s . But as with all of Reed 's music , scary and wistful , funny and sad , tender and spiteful , these strange sounds , whatever their reason for existing , will remain a thrown gauntlet to anyone who 's alienated themselves from the status quo to make something of their own that confuses or arouses people to think differently about their surroundings . As Gilmore wrote , "  There always seemed something indomitable about  Reed  and his commitment . Today , especially , he still seems indomitable . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Reactions to Reed 's death showed emotional intensity and intimacy , writes Gene Seymour He says many commented that Reed had changed their lives Seymour : Reed was a pioneer in his romantic vision of outlaw street life Many knew Reed was ill , but thought he 'd last forever , he writes
CNN  Talk show host Dr. Mehmet Oz is defending himself against a group of doctors who accuse him of "  manifesting an egregious lack of integrity " in his TV and promotional work and who call his faculty position at Columbia University unacceptable . In a written statement issued last week , Oz said , "  I bring the public information that will help them on their path to be their best selves . We provide multiple points of view , including mine which is offered without conflict of interest . That does n't sit well with certain agendas which distort the facts . For example , I do not claim that GMO  genetically modified organism  foods are dangerous , but believe that they should be labeled like they are in most countries around the world . I will address this on the show next week . " That show was taped on Tuesday and in a clip posted online after the taping , he tells his audience he will not be silenced . The episode will air on Thursday afternoon in most markets , Friday in others . It all started when a group of 10 physicians from across the country emailed a letter to Columbia University expressing disapproval that Oz is on the faculty . The email sent to Columbia 's faculty dean for Health Sciences and Medicine , Dr. Lee Goldman , said the group is "  surprised and dismayed " that Oz is on faculty and that he holds a senior administrative position . Oz is vice chair of the Department of Surgery , at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons . The email was sent by Dr. Henry Miller , a fellow in scientific philosophy and public policy at Stanford University 's Hoover Institute . It was signed by nine other physicians from across the country , none of whom is affiliated with Columbia . They accuse Oz of what they call "  manifesting an egregious lack of integrity by promoting quack treatments and cures in the interest of personal financial gain . " They go on to say Oz has "  either outrageous conflicts of interest or flawed judgments about what constitutes appropriate medical treatments , or both . " The doctors argue in their emailed letter that Oz shows "  disdain for science and for evidence-based medicine , as well as baseless and relentless opposition to the genetic engineering of food crops . " It 's worth noting that Miller previously worked at the FDA , at one point reviewing genetically engineered drugs . As an example , they cite an investigation reported on the show in 2011 in which apple juice was presented as having unsafe levels of arsenic . The FDA disputed the findings and said the report was misleading and irresponsible . This is not the first time Oz has been called out . He was in the hot seat on Capitol Hill at a June 2014 hearing on false advertising for deceptive weight loss products featured on his show . Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , and chairwoman of the Senate Subcommittee on Consumer Protection , Product Safety and Insurance , said at the hearing he was perpetuating scams , whether it was intentional or not . Miller and the other doctors who signed the email echo that sentiment , saying Oz is misleading the public and they tell Columbia 's Goldman that having him on the faculty is unacceptable . The doctors , who are in different areas of the country and different facets of the medical community , all have a connection to Miller although they do not all know each other . CNN has reached out to all of them . Those who have responded say Miller invited them to sign the email . Orlando , Florida , anesthesiologist Dr. Shelley Fleet told CNN when she received an email from Miller inviting her to sign the email to Columbia , she said of course . "  He 's a charlatan , and Columbia elevating him to a position of authority is a credence and platform for misleading more people , " she said in a phone interview . Fleet was a classmate of Miller 's at MIT . Dr. Joel Tepper , a radiology professor at the University of North Carolina School of Medicine , is also a former classmate of Miller 's . He told CNN he does not have a vendetta against Oz . He said he just wants him to "  follow the basic rules of science and state what he knows as fact as fact and state what he does n't know as fact as not fact . " He and Fleet share McCaskill 's example of Oz 's promotion of "  miracle weight loss drugs " on the show as failure on Oz 's part to follow the oath taken by doctors to do no harm . Dr. Gordon Gill , professor emeritus of medicine and of cellular and molecular medicine at the University of San Diego School of Medicine , wrote in a letter to CNN : "  In discussions with Henry , I agreed that the imprimatur of Columbia Medical School behind Dr. Oz gave an inaccurate message to TV viewers and as Dr. Goldman and I are long time colleagues I was comfortable pointing out these problems to him . " Miller worked in Gill 's research lab before he went to medical school . While the email does not call for any specific action to be taken by the university , Miller told CNN in an email that the group 's goal is "  for Dr. Oz to resign from the Columbia faculty and decide that he 'd prefer a career as a TV celebrity doctor . " Oz spokesman Tim Sullivan sent an email to CNN last week listing the names of five of the 10 people who complained about Oz . The email questions the integrity and even the qualifications of those who are pointing fingers at Oz . For its part , Columbia University is standing by Oz . Spokesman Doug Levy said in a statement , "  Columbia is committed to the principle of academic freedom and to upholding faculty members ' freedom of expression for statements they make in public discussion . " Levy added that the university 's role is to foster research , and it will not take action that hinders public statements by faculty members . The university has no position on what faculty members say in public discussion -- that is their individual academic freedom and is provided to them in the university 's governing documents , he said . A cardiac surgeon , Oz came to Columbia for his residency after medical school in 1986 and rose through the ranks . He is also the director of the Cardiovascular Institute and Complementary Medicine program at New York Presbyterian Hospital . Oz rose to fame after frequent appearances on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " led to the creation of his own show and magazine . He is also co-founder of the consumer health website Sharecare.com . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Anne Woolsey and Kim Berryman contributed to this report .	Ten physicians across the country have banded together to tell Columbia they think having Oz on faculty is unacceptable Radiology professor says that he just wants Oz to "  follow the basic rules of science " TV 's "  Dr. Oz " holds a faculty position at Columbia University 's College of Physicians and Surgeons
CNN  -- Mike McLelland came to the law late in life . He was already around 40 when he started law school at Texas Wesleyan University in Fort Worth , drawn in by his work with the mentally ill , classmate and one-time law partner Michael Burns said . Becoming a district attorney "  was what he always wanted to do , " Burns said . McLelland was killed over the weekend , shot to death along with his wife , Cynthia . Friends found the couple dead Saturday evening in their home in Forney , on the eastern outskirts of Dallas . He was elected in 2010 to the post of district attorney in Kaufman County , where one of his assistant prosecutors was gunned down outside the courthouse in January . Now his own slaying is at the heart of a Texas-size whodunit that has left local , state and federal investigators scrambling for answers . "  They were the consummate good people , " Burns said . "  We kidded Mike because he had no identifiable vices , and we all had vices . We either drank too much or smoked too much or chased women . But Mike had no identifiable vices , and Cynthia was solid gold . " Who 's killing Texas prosecutors ? Chilling mystery leaves county on edge Another colleague , Anderson County District Attorney Doug Lowe , called McLelland "  a big bear of a guy , never met a stranger . " "  He said what he meant , and I 'm sorry this tragedy followed him , " Lowe told CNN 's The Situation Room . Both McLellands had master 's degrees in psychology , said Burns , now the district attorney in Palo Pinto County , on the opposite side of the sprawling Dallas-Fort Worth metroplex . They had met in the field and were dating while Mike attended law school , he said . Their marriage was the second for both ; they had five children between them , all grown now , Burns said . The 63-year-old McLelland grew up in Wortham , where his parents had a ranch . He joined the Army after attending the University of Texas and still held a major 's commission in the reserves when Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 , sparking the Persian Gulf war . Burns said McLelland was called up shortly after finishing law school and trained soldiers in psychological warfare during the 1991 conflict . Burns , who had been a police officer , and McLelland were older than the average student at Texas Wesleyan and soon became study partners . "  He decided that he wanted to go into the law particularly to be a prosecutor , but those opportunities do n't come along that often , " Burns said . "  So when we graduated , we went down to Corpus Christi , down on the coast , and opened a law office and practiced criminal defense work . " Drawing on his earlier training , McLelland took on a lot of court-appointed work for mentally ill defendants , Burns said . Cynthia was a gourmet cook , and "  she used to bring some of the most fantastic lunches to the office when we were there , " he said . Eventually , both moved back to north Texas , where McLelland set up a law practice in Kaufman County . He had been a psychologist for the Texas Department of Mental Health and Mental Retardation before going to law school and became a mental health judge after getting his law degree ; his wife got a job at the state mental hospital in Terrell and was still practicing there when she was killed , Burns said . Burns was elected to his office in 2006 . When McLelland decided to run for Kaufman County 's chief prosecutor 's post four years later , his friend came over to "  get the lay of the land about what it was like to be an elected DA " Pete Shulte , another friend of McLelland 's , told CNN 's Starting Point that lawyering was a collegial business in the county of about 100,000 . "  Everybody knew each other here . It was a great place to practice law , " Shulte said . "  Everybody liked the district attorney 's office . There just was n't a lot of activity out here . So the biggest shock out here this morning is why , in Kaufman , Texas , are we having an assistant DA get killed and an elected DA . It 's really sending some shock waves through the community . " McLelland won a three-way race in the 2010 Republican primary and ran unopposed in the general election . Burns said he and McLelland kept in touch "  here and there " until January , when McLelland 's assistant district attorney , Mark Hasse , was shot to death in a still-unsolved case . "  He was bound and determined to find out who had done that to Mark , and Mike was fearless , " Burns said . He was like , ` They better come prepared , because there 'll be a fight . ' " After Hasse 's killing , McLelland publicly vowed to bring the "  scum " who killed his assistant to justice . "  We 're going to pull you out of whatever hole you 're in , we 're going to bring you back and let the people of Kaufman County prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law , " he said . But in mid-February , Burns said McLelland told him , "  My greatest fear is that it was one person , acting alone , who does n't drink , " eliminating the chance that a liquored-up perpetrator would ever confess . "  That 's vintage McLelland right there . " Since the killings , Burns said prosecutors from several counties have exchanged theories about what happened , "  but frankly , none of us know . " "  We 're used to hearing this sort of thing happening in Colombia or even Mexico . We 're not used to hearing about judicial officials targeted in the United States , " Burns said . "  It 's hard to say whether this is a local phenomenon that involves only one issue locally there , or whether this is the beginning of a trend . As a prosecutor , I can just tell you , we ca n't ignore it . " "  We 're looking out the peephole when the doorbell rings now , where we maybe we were n't before , " he added . CNN 's Steve Almasy contributed to this report . Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	"  They were the consummate good people , " classmate says of slain DA and wife Mike McLelland came to the law late in life after training as a psychologist "  We 're looking out the peephole when the doorbell rings now , " friend says
CNN  -- Federal agents seized 2,880 rounds of ammunition found inside an SUV that was being driven from Brownsville , Texas , to Mexico , U.S. Customs and Border Protection said . A 19-year-old Mexican was attempting to drive the 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer across the bridge that links Brownsville with Matamoros , Tamaulipas state , when he was stopped for a secondary inspection , the release said . The ammunition , which included 13 armor-piercing rounds and five assault-rifle magazines , was hidden inside 18 plastic bags found inside the SUV , the release said .	Ammo found in SUV being driven from Brownsville , Texas , to Mexico 19-year-old Mexican was driving the 2003 Chevrolet Trailblazer Ammunition includes 13 armor-piercing rounds and five assault-rifle magazines
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Four U.S. service members were killed in fighting Tuesday in eastern Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . An Interior Ministry official said the victims of a suicide bomb blast at Kabul airport were all civilians . The deaths took place in Kunar province in what a spokeswoman called an "  ongoing event . " Troop deaths have mounted in Afghanistan this year as American and other international forces have stepped up their fight against the Taliban . August was the deadliest month for the U.S. military in the nearly eight-year-old war , with 52 fatalities . The four deaths on Tuesday bring the number of U.S. troop deaths in Afghanistan to 13 in September . Elsewhere , a suicide bomber killed two people and wounded six others Tuesday morning in the Kabul airport 's military section , Afghan officials said . U.S. and Belgian nationals were among the wounded , a Western diplomatic official told CNN . The victims were all civilians , the Interior Ministry official said . The blast occurred near a gate at Kabul International Airport , said Zamari Bashari , a representative of Afghanistan 's Ministry of Interior . NATO forces fighting in Afghanistan and other government organizations use the military side of the airport . In Pakistan , eight tankers carrying fuel for NATO forces over the border in Afghanistan were attacked near Quetta , according to Quetta police . People on motorcycles fired shots at the tankers when they were parked at a rest area , but they did not catch fire , police said . CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	Four U.S. service members killed in fighting in eastern Afghanistan Two people killed in explosion at Kabul International Airport , six wounded Official : Suicide bomber struck near gate of military section of airport
CNN  -- Cyndi Lauper had a hit in the 1980s called "  Money Changes Everything . " She has a point . It may or may not buy happiness , but money -- especially truckloads of it -- does change things , including endowing the holder of the checkbook with power . Now , take a teenager and give him that power . What happens ? Justin Bieber , Lindsay Lohan and the other teen stars that have crashed to earth in a shower of tabloid sparks , may only be doing what a great many teenagers would be doing -- if they could . There are teenagers like Justin Bieber on every block . But imagine the kid who cuts your lawn suddenly having a net worth of about $ 130 million . The same teen brain that convinces its host that he wo n't get caught if he throws a party at the house while mom and dad are away now knows it owns the house -- and it 's a mansion , with Lamborghinis outside loaned gratis by a friendly dealer . Woohoo ! It 's long been said that by age 5 or 6 , a child 's brain is 95 % of its adult size . But neuroscientists , enlightened by MRI technology , are discovering it is still changing -- creating connections , adding and shedding cells . That process is particularly active in the prefrontal cortex -- the part that makes judgments like drag racing through residential neighborhoods . Dr. Jay Giedd at the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland , led studies that found the teen brain development was a process of adding and pruning . Significantly , he said , brain cells at that age are influenced by what the teen does . If he plays sports , the brain cells will make connections that help with that . If he sits on the couch and plays video games , then the cells will be hardwired for those activities . The only real moderating influence -- as it is for any teenager -- is the parents . But instilling discipline and values can be a daunting exercise when the child is the breadwinner . It can be difficult to tell your child they ca n't have the car tonight -- when he 's the one who paid for it . Some parents -- like the Lohans -- are simply not up to the job . Others -- like the parents of Britney Spears or Amanda Bynes -- may have had their job complicated by what appear to be mental problems . Unfortunately , today , those problems are there for all to see . Every failure of a troubled celebrity teen spreads like digital wildfire . Still , for every Justin Bieber , there is a Ron Howard , Natalie Portman or Jodie Foster -- child stars who navigated the rocky shoals of teen years into successful adulthood . Actor Rance Howard , in an interview , said he raised well-adjusted child star sons , Clint and Academy-award winning Ron , by removing their money from the family 's life . "  We chose not to live on what the boys could afford , " he said , "  but what I could afford . " Let 's hope Justin will find his way . But romping in a mountain of money like most kids play in a pile of leaves , and surrounded by an entourage of dependent cheerleaders , wo n't make it easy . As the developing cells of his teenage brain react to the world around him -- money does change everything . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Peggy Drexler : There are teenagers like Justin Bieber on every block Drexler : A young person who has so much money -- and power -- can do crazy things She says parents can instill values , but it 's hard when a kid is the breadwinner Drexler : Still , there are teen stars who grow up fine even if they have a lot of money
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer said Wednesday he is giving up his proposal to grant driver 's licenses to undocumented workers , a plan he said would "  improve the safety and security of the people of my state . " New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer says Wednesday in Washington that opposition to his plan doomed it . Spitzer said he was giving up because he had concluded that "  New York state can not successfully address this problem on its own . " He said he wanted to act because of the failure of the federal government to deal with immigration policy and the impact that failure was having on New York . "  I would suggest to you what everyone already knows , " Spitzer said . "  The federal government has lost control of its borders . It has allowed millions of undocumented workers to enter our country and now has no solution to deal with them . " The effect was about 1 million undocumented workers in New York state , "  many of whom are driving without licenses , " said Spitzer , surrounded at a news conference by members of his state 's congressional delegation . Watch Spitzer explain why he 's withdrawing the proposal " Spitzer said licensing workers who did not have Social Security numbers , which New York had done in the past , would have aided law enforcement and would have made the state 's streets safer and more secure . However , Spitzer acknowledged that "  you do n't need a stethoscope to hear the heartbeat of the public , " saying he had concluded that opposition to his plan would have doomed it . "  You have polarization on this issue that has defied resolution , " he said . Watch what a hornet 's nest the proposal stirred up Spitzer put forward his proposal in September , saying it would bring New York 's estimated 1 million illegal immigrants "  out of the shadows . " In October , the governor said there would be three tiers of licenses , ranging from a license restricting travel , a document called Real ID for legal residents and a stricter one that would allow people to travel into Canada . U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel , D-New York , on Wednesday thanked Spitzer for making the effort to bring about change , noting that undocumented workers "  are part of the economy , they are part of what America 's supposed to be . " "  There is no question that we lack the leadership on the national level to change the tone , " Rangel said . "  And that is the reason why leaders all over the country -- mayors and governors -- are trying so desperately hard to deal locally with a problem that is basically a national problem . " One influential member of New York 's congressional delegation missing from the briefing was Sen. Hillary Clinton , considered the front-runner in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination . A spokesman from her office said she could n't attend the news conference because of a scheduling conflict . As the plan became a topic of national discussion , critics accused her of failing to take a definitive stance on the issue . In a debate last week , Clinton said Spitzer 's plan "  makes a lot of sense " but stopped short of endorsing it . On Wednesday , Clinton issued a written statement supporting Spitzer 's decision to withdraw the proposal . "  His difficult job is made that much harder by the failure of the Congress and the White House to pass comprehensive immigration reform , " Clinton said . "  As president , I will not support driver 's licenses for undocumented people and will press for comprehensive immigration reform that deals with all of the issues around illegal immigration , including border security and fixing our broken system . " Clinton 's rivals quickly pounced on her statement . A spokeswoman for Sen. Chris Dodd , D-Connecticut , called her action "  flip-flopping cubed , " and Bill Burton , a spokesman for Sen. Barack Obama , D-Illinois , also sharply criticized Clinton for switching her views on the issue . "  When it takes two weeks and six different positions to answer one question on immigration , it 's easier to understand why the Clinton campaign would rather plant their questions than answer them , " Burton said . Seventy-six percent of Americans oppose giving driver 's licenses to illegal immigrants , according to a poll conducted in October for CNN by the Opinion Research Corp. . Members of the New York State Sheriffs ' Association voted in October to oppose Spitzer 's proposal . "  I believe this is just a fundamental issue of right and wrong , " said Rep. Tom Latham , an Iowa Republican against Spitzer 's plan . "  And to give people official recognition when they come in and break the law in their first act in this country is simply wrong . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Alexis Ginsberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Rivals criticize Clinton for changing stance Sen. Hillary Clinton says she will not support licenses for illegal immigrants N.Y. governor describes "  polarized " public opinion on immigration Gov. Eliot Spitzer says federal government "  has lost control of its borders "
CNN  -- Anytime James Carville , Paul Begala and David Axelrod hold hands and jump for joy , it 's worth pondering how to turn their joy into tears . They 're jubilant -- just ecstatic -- about Newt Gingrich 's South Carolina victory . On the eve of the South Carolina primary , Carville opined in a CNN.com column addressed to GOP leaders , "  Let me break it to you gently -- you 've got a first-class disaster on your hands . " Not to be outdone , Begala blustered in the Daily Beast , "  Above it all we can hear the weeping , the wailing , the gnashing of teeth of the Republican establishment as Gingrich 's victory sends them into full-blown panic . " You know what ? If Newt becomes the GOP nominee , they might be right . But they also might be wrong . Very wrong . I get a kick out of Democrats thinking they know how handicap a GOP race . If Democrats were good at thinking like Republicans , they would see the light and stop being Democrats . But instead , Democrats are so bent on seeing Republicans as a bunch of angry , right wing , intolerant , unreliable extremists that they have a track record of missing the mood of the country , especially the sentiment of people who do n't wake up to The New York Times . Here 's what Democratic National Committee Chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz , D-Florida , said just three months before the November 2010 elections : "  Really it 's hard to know where the Republican Party ends and the tea party begins . ... So it has really caused , I think , a pretty difficult problem for them going into the November elections because they have candidates ... on the extreme right-wing fringe who want to end Medicare as we know it , yank the rug -- the safety net out from under our senior citizens . I mean , Americans really are going to have a very clear choice set up in November between moderate Democrats who are centrists , where the country is , and Republicans who are really off on the right-wing fringe . " Three months later , the tea party led Republicans to their biggest mid-term election victory in 72 years , winning a remarkable 63 seats in the House , along with six in the Senate . And do n't forget in 1980 , Democrats were cheering for Ronald Reagan to win the GOP presidential nomination , thinking he was too conservative and too much of a cowboy to appeal to mainstream voters . Of course , Reagan went on to a 44-state , 10-point thumping of incumbent Jimmy Carter . Leading Democrats , and the most of the media , similarly dismissed the Contract With America and the possibility that voters could elect the first Republican House in 40 years when that took place in 1994 , led by their favorite right wing , unsteady extremist , Newt Gingrich . Given President Barack Obama 's significant problem winning the support of working class , blue collar Americans , I would n't be so jubilant if I were on the other side . Not only is America being led by a president who thinks blue collar Americans cling to their religion and guns , or that the Cambridge police were "  stupid " when they did their job , but the economy is bad , unemployment is high and the debt is out of sight . This president , who was elected essentially having the experience of a state senator , is in over his head and is vulnerable to defeat both substantively and personally . As anyone who knows Newt knows , he indeed could blow himself up and the dancing Democrats may have reason for joy . But I would n't be too quick to discount Newt 's ability to strike a chord with working class , upset with Washington , ready-for-change voters who will overlook Newt 's personal problems because they 're drawn to his blunt , direct , tough talk . I also would n't so easily discount the possibility that the anti-Obama sentiment and the desire for deep and meaningful change in Washington might propel Newt to a position none of us , myself included , could have imagined two days ago . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ari Fleischer .	Democrat James Carville said Republicans have a disaster on their hands Ari Fleischer says Carville misses the appeal of Newt Gingrich to working class He says the former speaker can tap into widespread dissatisfaction with Obama Fleischer : Gingrich could blow up his chances , but it 's possible he could win
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- A mayor in Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's home state was ambushed and killed by a group of heavily armed men as he returned to his house , news reports said . It was the second assassination attempt in eight days on Vista Hermosa Mayor Octavio Manuel Carrillo Castellanos , the Cambio de Michoacan newspaper said on its Web site Wednesday . Carillo was pulling up to his home around 6 p.m. Tuesday when at least two men got out of a vehicle and opened fire . There were conflicting reports over whether a second vehicle with armed men may have been involved . Family and others came to Carillo 's aid while a police officer stationed at his house called for help , Cambio de Michoacan said . Carillo was taken to a nearby hospital , where he died around 7:20 p.m. . Officials said they did not have a motive or know if the mayor had received any threats . But El Excelsior newspaper reported that investigators are looking into Carillo 's recent firing of a Vista Hermosa police commander and an officer . Carillo , who took office on January 1 , 2008 , was the second mayor in the Pacific coast state of Michoacan killed in the last eight months . Marcelo Ibarra Villa , the mayor of Villa Madero , was ambushed in June while riding in his truck with his wife , El Excelsior said . The gunmen escaped in both instances . Tuesday 's killing came on Mexican Flag Day , just hours after Calderon vowed that his government would continue to battle the drug cartels that have ravaged the country . The mayor 's death also came four days after the sudden resignation of the police chief in Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas . Police Chief Roberto Orduna had received death threats from local drug cartels and resigned after the recent deaths of eight police officers under his command . Violent deaths reached record levels in Mexico last year as drug cartels battle each other and the Mexican government . More than 5,400 killings were reported in 2008 , more than double the tally in 2007 . Authorities and analysts said a new record could be set this year . Narcotraffickers have adopted a campaign of intimidation against authorities , and the deaths of police , mayors and other officials have become common . Last year , more than 100 police were killed in Ciudad Juarez in attacks blamed on organized crime . "  They started killing police officers when they were going home or getting into police cars , " Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz told reporters last week . Just last week , the city 's police director of operations was gunned down in his car . Another police officer and a prison guard were found dead Friday morning . On Friday , the U.S. State Department renewed a travel alert for Americans considering a visit to Mexico . "  The situation in Ciudad Juarez is of special concern , " the alert said . "  Mexican authorities report that more than 1,800 people have been killed in the city since January 2008 . Additionally , this city of 1.6 million people experienced more than 17,000 car thefts and 1,650 carjackings in 2008 . " In addition , the University of Arizona warned its students against going to Mexico on spring break this year , and Arizona State University is considering the same advisory . "  These are flat-out organized crime groups like we think of any other organized crime groups . They are not a small gang on the corner . These are large organizations , " said David Denlinger , chief of the Arizona Department of Public Safety .	Vista Hermosa Mayor Octavio Manuel Carrillo Castellanos killed outside home Carrillo is second mayor in Pacific coast state of Michoacan killed in eight months Drug traffickers have adopted campaign of intimidation against authorities U.S. State Department issues travel alert for Americans considering visit to Mexico
"  The Hunger Games " heroine Katniss Everdeen inspired more than just a renewed interest in braided hairstyles . Suddenly , in the immediate aftermath of the film 's $ 400 million-plus box office success  in the United States alone  , archery landed in the bull 's - eye of pop culture . Sure , we 've had the occasional "  Robin Hood " movies , which have achieved varying levels of success , and you could catch a glimpse of flying arrows in TV series like "  Game of Thrones " and "  The Walking Dead , " but archers have now taken center stage .  Even the MTV Movie Awards had to spoof the phenomenon . "  Brave , " the Disney/Pixar hit , is about a young woman who could wield a bow and arrow with the best of them . Considering how long it takes to make an animated movie like "  Brave , " that 's just a case of extraordinary timing . It was n't enough that the biggest blockbuster of 2012 , "  Marvel 's The Avengers , " starred Iron Man , the Hulk and friends . It also threw in an archer , Hawkeye . Plus , if not for Michonne and her sword  maybe 2013 is fencing 's year  , this season of "  The Walking Dead " might belong to Daryl , whose favorite zombie-slaying method is the crossbow . The top new series on TV ? That would be "  Revolution , " which includes -- you guessed it -- a heroine with a crossbow . Post-apocalyptic TV is everywhere There 's more to come : Lara Croft 's return in the "  Tomb Raider " video game will focus on archery , instead of a gun in each hand ; and the next two "  Hobbit " films have the promise of archers Bard the Bowman and Legolas . Jeremy Gutsche , the chief trend hunter at Trendhunter.com , notes that "  Google search volume for archery has remained relatively constant " for archery over the years , but that 's not to say it has n't made a splash : He saw archery-infused fashion shoots crop up this year . However , he thinks a lot of it can be traced back to Jennifer Lawrence and the character of Katniss . "  There is an extra appeal that happens when you have one of the hottest pop cultural stars taking up any new sport , and in this case it happened to be archery . " "  Hunger Games " bucks hunter stereotypes It also does n't hurt that she got high marks from her trainer on the film . "  She was very motivated and technically very good . I do think it looked good in the film . You can absolutely shoot apples from 80 to 100 yards out  like Lawrence 's character did  , " Olympic archer Khatuna Lorig told Fitness magazine . So , how has pop culture affected archery as a sport ? CNN turned to one of the experts , Teresa Iaconi , spokeswoman for USA Archery  including the Olympics team  and a level four archery coach . CNN : What level of interest have you seen in the sport this year ? Iaconi : We have had massive gains this past year . Our membership has increased over 25 % this year . We typically do n't see gains like that . A lot of our membership transactions this year were new memberships . We 're seeing new people joining the sport . At our national championships this year , we had our largest number of competitors since 2001 . In 2001 , we had roughly 370 adults and 150-200 kids . This year that number was completely reversed . Our instructors have said they ca n't keep up with the demand . We think that 's fantastic . As archery films continue to come out , assuming we continue to see that popularity increase , we can provide opportunities to grow . CNN : Is the portrayal of archery accurate ? Iaconi : I do n't think kids necessarily built a strong relationship with Kevin Costner 's character in "  Robin Hood : Prince of Thieves . " When you have a heroine like Katniss Everdeen , it 's another story . The young people who heard the buzz about it connected with her . I saw it with women on a bow hunt : You had 60-year-old women getting excited about that movie . "  Brave " got the archery so technically correct . They got the flux of the arrow right . Even a young archer will pick up on that . They made it look so beautiful . ... Disney-Pixar worked with us . We were able to arrange a screening with Olympic hopefuls , Olympians and their coaches screaming and cheering with this movie . They loved the fact that they got it right . CNN : Do you think this level of interest can hold into the future ? Iaconi : Looking in 2013 , we do n't have the Olympics for two more years . What we have is this massive amount of interest from kids into the sport . Friends will say , "  Hey this is really cool , come to archery with me . " We 'll continue seeing as the next three "  Hunger Games " installments  come out  over the next three years .	Starting with the success of "  The Hunger Games , " archery was big in 2012 Pop culture seemed filled with bow and arrow-wielding heroes from "  Brave " to "  Arrow " Archery is attracting more interest from kids and teens , according to USA Archery
New York  CNN  -- The sister and mother of Adis Medunjanin , accused in a suspected plot to bomb New York 's subways , testified at his trial Wednesday in Brooklyn federal court . Alisa Medunjanin , a 30-year-old nurse , gave a tearful account of how she , her brother and their parents were awakened in the middle of the night by more than a dozen FBI agents who stormed into the family 's Queens , New York , apartment during a September 2009 raid . Crying on the stand , she said agents "  told us to get on the ground and put up our hands . Then , they cuffed us . " She testified that she and her mother were later escorted to the lobby of the apartment building while federal agents questioned her father and brother . Confessed plotter describes target selection in court Speaking through a Bosnian interpreter , Medunjanin 's mother , Favila , told jurors that FBI investigators showed up at her work and told her that her son should "  tell them what he knows . " Defense lawyers want to show that federal agents intimidated the family and unfairly coerced Adis Medunjanin into making incriminating statements . Prosecutors say Medunjanin , a Bosnian-born American , conspired with admitted terrorists Najubullah Zazi and Zarein Ahmedzay to detonate bombs in New York subways in 2009 . Medunjanin has pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and receiving terrorist training from al Qaeda . Medunjanin faces life in prison if convicted . Co-conspirators Zazi , an immigrant from Pakistan , and Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan , have already pleaded guilty . Closing arguments are expected Thursday .	Family members give tearful accounts of FBI raids at their home Prosecution rests in trial of Adis Medunjanin ; closing arguments set for Thursday Medunjanin accused of conspring with two others in plot to bomb NYC subways
With this year 's goal for enrollment in Obamacare seemingly out of grasp and the President under renewed partisan attack over the program , an official key to implementing it has resigned . Gary Cohen leads the agency that made many of the rules for the Affordable Care Act and established the Marketplaces , where Americans can buy health insurance through Obamacare , including Healthcare.gov , according to a statement Wednesday announcing his departure . The Marketplaces came under fire , when they crashed massively upon rollout . Cohen will vacate the post of Director of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight after March 31 . That 's the day open enrollment runs out , and with a goal of 6 million signups , the ACA has only 4 million on the books so far . February saw 700,000 new enrollments , and to meet its goal , Obamacare would have to garner a record monthly number of new enrollees . The agency statement did not mention a reason for Cohen 's departure but indicated that family matters may have something to do with it . He will be replaced by physician Mandy Cohen , who is currently serving in another leadership position at the CCIIO . A Republican lawmaker latched onto data from a recently released ACA report to beat up Obama once more . Rep. Ann Wagner , R-Missouri , cited a "  quietly-released report " from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services , the agency over the CCIIO , that claimed 11 million people would face higher premiums because of the healthcare law . The CCIIO is also responsible for implementing measures concerning private health insurance . Wagner repeated past accusations that Obama mislead the public over ACA 's costs . "  It 's another slap in the face to our already hurting middle class , " she said . Obama countered , saying that , despite the "  disruptions " in the ACA 's rollout - including the much-maligned website debacle - the law is a success . The President also said that the Republican fixation on blockading the law 's progress bordered on farce . House passes 50th bill to undo Obamacare You can keep your old health plan until 2016	Gary Cohen leads the agency that that made many of the rules for the Affordable Care Act He led the creation of the online Marketplaces for open enrollment Obama 's signature healthcare program has a goal of 6 million enrollments for 2014 It currently has 4 million and would need a record number of enrollments to make the goal
CNN  -- Police and neighbors were searching for three young Michigan boys Saturday who have been missing since their father claimed he dropped them off with a woman before trying to kill himself a day earlier . The father survived his suicide attempt and is being cared for in a mental health facility , said Morenci , Michigan , Police Chief Larry Weeks on Saturday . But Michigan authorities do not know what has happened to his boys -- 5-year-old Tanner Skelton , 7-year-old Alexander William Skelton and 9-year-old Andrew Skelton -- prompting them to issue an Amber Alert on Friday . Weeks said that the boys ' father , John Skelton , told police that he dropped the boys off Friday morning with a woman he identified as Joann Taylor -- in part to ensure they did n't see him while and after he tried to commit suicide . John Skelton told police that the woman , whom he allegedly met on the internet , was supposed to drop the boys off at their home in Morenci , a southern Michigan town of about 2,400 people about 40 miles west-northwest of Toledo , around 3 p.m. Friday . But the boys never went home and , Weeks added , authorities still are n't sure if John Skelton 's story -- including Joann Taylor 's existence -- is true or a fabrication . "  We have not been able to locate a Joann Taylor or confirm that she even exists , " Weeks told reporters Saturday evening . The last non-family member saw the boys at 5 p.m. on Thursday , according to the chief . Their mother , Tanya , has been with police "  virtually the entire day " on Saturday , answering questions and serving as what Weeks called a "  valuable resource at this time . " Weeks said Tanya Skelton had "  contact with someone alleging to be Joann , " adding only that this communication was not necessarily by phone or in person . According to the Amber Alert , Taylor may have been from Jackson or Hillsdale counties and may be driving a silver van . Still , Weeks reiterated that they have yet to confirm she is real and , if so , if she is with the boys . Saturday 's press conference was crowded with media and residents of Morenci , many of whom have been searching for the young boys . Dozens spent Saturday searching along Bean Creek , Wakefield Park and the Riverside Natural Area -- all in Morenci -- according to Toledo-based CNN affiliate WUPW . "  We just hope they 're somewhere safe and warm playing video games , " volunteer Carol Garcia told WUPW . But authorities thus far have offered few tips pointing community members to places where the young Skeltons might be . "  We understand their drive and desire to be out there , " said Weeks . "  The fact is , I can not tell the community there 's a specific location they should be searching . " The alert notes that Tanner is 3 feet , 6 inches tall , has strawberry blond hair , has blue eyes and weighs about 40 pounds . Alexander is 3 feet , 9 inches tall , has brown hair and eyes , weighs about 45 pounds and has scars on his hairline and chin . The oldest brother , Andrew , is 4 feet , 1 inch tall , has brown hair and eyes and weighs roughly 57 pounds .	NEW : Dozens have searched for three missing boys along Michigan-Ohio border An Amber Alert is out for three boys -- ages 5 , 7 and 9 -- who were last seen Friday The boy 's father told police he left the boys with a woman he 'd met on the internet Police still do n't know if the father 's story is true or whether the woman he mentions is real
CNN  The desert and dun-colored cliffs around the town of Tataouine were once the backdrop for the movie "  Star Wars , " much of which was filmed in this neglected corner of Tunisia in 1976 . This struggling town on the fringes of the Sahara still draws a few fans of the movie but now finds itself part of a real conflict , as a way-station for jihadists crossing the Libyan border 60 miles to the east . Earlier this month , before the gun attack on the Bardo Museum in Tunis , three young men were arrested here as they allegedly made plans to cross into Libya to join a terrorist network . A local official told CNN they had since been taken to Tunis for questioning . Two arms caches have also been found in the region this month , one of which included rocket-propelled grenade launchers and more than 20,000 rounds of ammunition , thought to have been removed from a Libyan armory in the aftermath of Moammar Gadhafi 's ouster in 2011 . Driving near the border , it 's quickly obvious why the Tunisian government is so anxious about Libya 's implosion and the emergence there of an ISIS affiliate whose tentacles stretch half-way across the country . This open space is vast and sparsely populated . Smugglers ' tracks criss-cross the endless scrub and steep , arid hills that run along the border . Gasoline , drugs and other contraband have long been smuggled across the frontier . Near the town of Remada , south of Tataouine , a couple of soldiers manned a checkpoint . They wore protective jackets -- whether for show or because of the perceived threat from Islamist militants , it 's hard to know . When we arrived , passports were requested and phone calls made . We were escorted into the town and politely but firmly told we could go no further without written authorization . Exactly four years ago we had passed through Remada unchallenged . Tunisians had just launched the Arab Spring . There was a mood of heady optimism and the security apparatus of the Ben Ali regime had melted away . But already Libya was falling apart , as different groups of rebels fought to oust Gadhafi . Thousands of foreign workers were then trying to escape the violence through the few official border crossings . Now Libya 's descent into chaos means those crossings are sometimes closed , and it 's foreign fighters using the smugglers ' trails that Tunisia must worry about . At the national guard building in Remada the officer in charge -- a burly figure in his mid-40s - was wearing a "  New York 1999 " sweatshirt and appeared to be one of many plainclothes security personnel in the town . He was happy to talk but did n't want his name reported . Ignoring calls on his cell phone , he lamented the state of the Arab world and the expansion of Daesh , as ISIS is frequently called . Look at Iraq , Syria , Libya ... of course Tunisia is threatened , he said . The Tunisians are doing what they can , he said . There is now a 1.8-mile no-go zone inside the border , and the military has built fortified positions every couple of miles . The security presence has been boosted seven - to ten-fold , but even so there were n't enough men or equipment . The border , after all , is 380 miles long . A much wider buffer zone -- 12 miles deep -- has also been created , which people can only enter with permission . This has not gone down well with local herders whose goats and sheep live off the desert scrub . Other measures taken by the Tunisian authorities , according to the official in Remada , include a ban on men aged 18-35 from going to Libya unless they have residence papers and proof of employment there . Another source said the ban applied to men under 30 . Even so the two gunmen who stormed into the Bardo Museum last week -- both of them in their twenties -- had been able to cross illicitly into Libya in December , according to Tunisian State Security Minister Rafik Chelly . Chelly told a Tunisian network that the pair had received weapons training in the ISIS stronghold of Derna . The mood among many Tunisians seems much harder and more pragmatic than it was four years ago . A shopkeeper in a small village between Tataouine and Remada said there needs to be a security crackdown . He said people in the area led simple lives -- but they knew each other and noticed strangers . Bassim , a taxi driver on the island of Djerba , some 60 miles to the north of Tataouine , was of a similar view . "  The people need to be the third eye of the security forces " he said . "  And we need to think of the safety of visitors like we think of the safety of our families . " Bassim and hundreds of thousands of other Tunisians have reason to be worried . They rely on tourism to make a living , and fear that ISIS will -- as it has threatened -- launch further attacks against foreigners visiting Libya . Bassim ferries tourists around Djerba , whose luxury hotels and beaches are a popular destination for French and German tourists . It took the tourist industry years to recover from a terror attack on a synagogue on the island in 2002 in which 21 people were killed . Bassim says he 's heard all too many horror stories about events in Libya from the oil workers he took to Djerba 's airport . Others , mainly in the capital Tunis , are apprehensive that the democratic gains of four years ago may be eroded or lost in a new security clampdown . They point to new anti-terrorism legislation that strengthens detention powers and the right of the authorities to monitor suspects ' phones and social media . The measure was being discussed in parliament Wednesday when the attack was launched on the adjacent museum . Tunisians say their country is at a crossroads as it tries to fend off the jihadist contagion seeping across North Africa . Their democracy is young and vulnerable . "  We want to be the hope of the Arab world , " said Bassim , "  like we were four years ago . " "  We still have hope , but now we have fear too . "	Tataouine , near "  Star Wars " set , lies just 60 miles from the Libyan border Tunisian officials worry about the area because of its proximity to Libya , and ISIS
As adults we 're told time and again to keep a close eye on young children around water . Most kids who drown are under the age of 4 -- toddlers who accidentally fall into water too deep . They can drown in minutes in less than 2 inches of water . But the recent death of a 13-year-old at a pool in Florida has experts concerned about water safety for pre-teens and adolescents . Anthony Johnson had been playing in a pool at Disney 's Pop Century Resort on Sunday . Relatives told CNN affiliate WFTV that Anthony was jumping in and out with friends when they noticed him missing , and pulled him out of the water within minutes . The boy died Tuesday morning , according to the Orange County Sheriff 's Office . Police are still investigating his death . Ten people die every day from unintentional drowning in the United States , making it the fifth-leading cause of unintentional injury death , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . About 20 % are under the age of 14 . Nearly 80 % are male . "  The first thing to remember is that drowning does n't just happen , " says Alison Osinski , water safety expert and president of Aquatic Consulting Services . "  Something always precipitates drowning . " Only about 35 % of Americans know how to swim , and only 2 % to 7 % swim well , Osinski says . Teens are particularly susceptible to peer pressure and often go past their limits . Exhaustion or disorientation under water could cause a weak swimmer to panic . In this case , the swimmer would go through the stages of what lifeguards call an "  active drowning , " Osinski says . The word "  active " may be misleading , as active drowning is nothing like what you usually see on TV . 15 things your lifeguard wo n't tell you In an active drowning , a swimmer is at or below eye level at the surface of the water for about 10 to 20 seconds . The head is tilted back to get air . The eyes are either wide open or tightly shut . The mouth is often in an "  O " shape from shock . "  You 're not drowning if you can call for help , " Osinski says . After about 20 seconds , the swimmer will start to sink and will hold his breath underwater for anywhere from 30 to 90 seconds . If rescued during this time , the swimmer usually will be fine . After 90 seconds , Osinski says , a swimmer will black out . At this point , things get dicey . If a swimmer is resuscitated after the four-minute mark , there 's a high risk of brain damage . The pool safety hazard you do n't know about Drowning also can be caused by trauma or a medical condition , Osinski says . Diving into shallow water could result in paralysis from a spinal injury . Experts also look for unknown heart issues in sudden drowning cases . People with epilepsy or seizure disorders are also at high-risk . Osinski says one of the most subtle forms of drowning is called "  shallow water blackout . " Typically , a person holding his breath will be triggered to breathe when his CO2 levels get high . But if a swimmer is holding his breath for a long time while exhaling underwater , or is going underwater repeatedly , his CO2 levels are lowered . When that happens , the brain 's built-in alarm to breathe does n't go off , despite a lack of oxygen . "  You ca n't tell when they go unconscious , until it 's too late , " Osinski says . Osinski has videos of teens drowning that were recorded on their friends ' phones . The most common phrase she hears from witnesses is : "  I thought they were just fooling around . " How safe is your indoor swimming pool ? Connie Harvey , aquatics manager for the American Red Cross , says people of all ages need to understand the risks associated with water . "  People need to know how to swim well , they need to know how to behave safely , and make good choices for where they swim . " More than half of drowning deaths in people older than 15 occur outside of pools , according to the CDC . And alcohol is involved in 70 % of cases . Parents should set expectations for teens around water ahead of time , Harvey says . No one should be allowed to swim alone , even if they are a strong swimmer . Following the rules of a pool is also key : no running , no horseplay , no diving into shallow water . And the Red Cross recommends against any type of breath-holding competition . Teens should know their own limits , Harvey says , and not follow stronger swimmers without help . "  We talk about the dangerous TOOs -- too far , too long , " she says . If teens are swimming in a natural body of water like a lake or river , they should use the rule "  feet first , first time " to prevent spinal injuries . And when the sun stops shining , swimmers should stop swimming . Harvey 's final rule is the most important : learn how to swim . The Red Cross and many local swim organizations offer lessons for children as young as 6 months old and their parents . How can I keep my toddler safe in the pool ? People should feel confident in whatever water environment they 're in , Harvey says , whether it 's a wave pool at a water park or a river with a strong current . No one should swim alone and , if possible , always swim under the watchful eye of a certified lifeguard . Last but not least , if you do get yourself or a friend in trouble , know how to get help . Learn CPR and get training on an automated external defibrillator , or AED . Be aware of reach poles or buoys that can be thrown to help a drowning swimmer , Harvey says , and call 911 at the first sign of an emergency .	Recent teen death in Florida has experts concerned about water safety Ten people die every day from unintentional drowning in the United States Approximately 35 % of Americans know how to swim , expert says One of the most subtle forms of drowning is called "  shallow water blackout "
New York  CNN  -- Safely back on American soil , freed Americans Josh Fattal and Shane Bauer on Sunday recounted their two years in "  a world of lies and false hope " behind the walls of an Iranian prison . Wearing green shirts and big smiles , Bauer and Fattal landed at John F. Kennedy International Airport four days after their release by Iranian authorities . In a news conference following their arrival , they described long days held in isolation , the hours punctuated by the screams of other inmates , and their "  total sham " of a trial . "  Releasing us is a good gesture , and no positive step should go unnoticed , " Fattal told reporters Sunday afternoon . "  We applaud the Iranian authorities for finally making the right decision regarding our case . But we want to be clear that they do not deserve undue credit for ending what they had no right and no justification to start in the first place . " Fattal , Bauer and Bauer 's now-fiancee , Sarah Shourd , were arrested after straying across the unmarked border between Iraqi Kurdistan and Iran in July 2009 . Shourd was released in 2010 , but Bauer and Fattal were freed only Wednesday , after 781 days in captivity and a trial for espionage that Bauer said was based on "  ridiculous lies . " "  Sarah , Josh and I have experienced a taste of the Iranian regime 's brutality . We have been held in almost total isolation from the world and everything we love , stripped of our rights and freedom , " Bauer said . He urged Iran to release all political prisoners immediately , telling reporters , "  There are people in Iran who have been imprisoned for years for simply attending a protest , for writing a pro-democracy blog or for worshiping an unpopular faith . " But he also criticized the treatment of prisoners held in U.S. facilities , such as the military 's prison camp for suspected terrorists at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  In prison , every time we complained about our conditions , the guards would immediately remind us of comparable conditions at Guantanamo Bay , " he said . While the hikers do n't believe American policies "  justify what has been done to us , " he said , "  We do believe that these actions on the part of the U.S. provide an excuse for other governments , including the government of Iran , to act in kind . " They said they were held in near-complete isolation in Tehran 's Evin prison , allowed a total of only 15 minutes of telephone calls with their families throughout their ordeal . Fattal said the two had to wage repeated hunger strikes in order to even receive letters from their families . Iranian authorities told them their families had stopped writing , that they would receive due process of law and that the Swiss ambassador -- who represents U.S. interests in Iran -- was not interested in seeing them . Worse , Fattal said , "  Many times -- too many times -- we heard the screams of other prisoners being beaten , and there was nothing we could do to help them . " Shourd said Bauer was beaten and Fattal was forced down a flight of stairs during their captivity . She was released on medical grounds in September 2010 , and told CNN the screams that echoed within Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison "  will always be with me . " "  I do n't know what was being done to them , " she said . "  But not being able to help another human being , being completely impotent and unable to do anything to ease their suffering , is something I 'll never forget . " Iranian authorities released Fattal and Bauer on Wednesday . They first were flown to Oman , where they enjoyed several days of freedom after their lengthy captivity . Fattal 's mother , Laura Fattal , told CNN their families "  were hooting and hollering and waving our scarves " when they landed . "  We could n't wait for them to get to us ... I could n't have asked for anything better , " she said . And Bauer 's mother , Cindy Hickey , said the families have n't heard "  a whole lot of details " from their sons since their release . "  We have taken the time to just sit and talk and regather , " Hickey told CNN . "  We 've been very busy traveling , " she said . Hickey said they were held as "  political pawns . " Bauer and Fattal blamed three decades of hostility between the United States and Iran for making their plight worse than that of other Westerners who had strayed into Iranian territory . "  It was clear to us from the very beginning that we were hostages , " Fattal said . "  This is the most accurate term because , despite certain knowledge of our innocence , Iran has always tied our case to its political disputes with the U.S. " But , Shourd said in hindsight , "  I do n't believe that Iran got anything good out of this . "  I do n't believe it was good for the country , and it certainly was n't good for the Iranian people , whom I admire and support in their struggle for democracy and freedom , " she said . Fattal and Bauer thanked the numerous people in America and abroad who helped secure their freedom , including their Iranian attorney , Masoud Shafiee . Shafiee "  was never allowed to represent us properly , but he never gave up , " Fattal said . Shourd said no one has ever taken credit for paying her bail or those of Fattal and Bauer . She and Bauer became officially engaged on Friday , although he proposed to her during their time in prison . "  When Sarah was about to walk out of Evin prison last year , we vowed to each other that none of us would be entirely free until all of us were free , " Bauer said . "  That moment has now thankfully come . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Todd Baxter and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Bauer and Fattal blast Iran 's "  brutality " after returning to the United States NEW : Their espionage trial was a "  total sham , " Bauer says NEW : Shourd says the screams of prisoners "  will always be with me " The two hikers arrived in the U.S. after their release Wednesday
